 
 
Regd. Office & Works: 8, Electronics Complex, Chambaghat, Solan-173213 (H.P.) Tel: (01792) 230644, 230645, 230647 Fax: (01792) 231902 
Corporate Identity Number: L64200HP1987PLC007466 
HFCL/SEC/25-26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                     August 01, 2025 
 
BSE Ltd. 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400001 
corp.relations@bseindia.com 
Security Code No.: 500183 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, C – 1, Block G 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
cmlist@nse.co.in 
Security Code No.: HFCL 
 
RE: 
Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “SEBI Listing Regulations”). 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call on the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the 1st 
Quarter ended June 30, 2025, of the Financial Year 2025-26. 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam, 
 
This is further to our earlier announcement dated July 25, 2025. 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI Listing Regulations, we hereby 
submit Transcript of the Conference Call held on July 25, 2025, on the Un-audited Financial Results of the 
Company for the 1st Quarter ended June 30, 2025, of the Financial Year 2025-26, which were considered and 
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on July 25, 2025. 
 
The aforesaid Transcript will also be available on the Company's website at https://www.hfcl.com/.  
 
You are requested to take the above information on records and disseminate the same on your respective 
websites. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HFCL Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Manoj Baid) 
President & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: Copy of Transcript. 
 
Manoj 
Baid
Digitally signed 
by Manoj Baid 
Date: 2025.08.01 
19:35:25 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“HFCL Limited Q1 & FY ‘26 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHENDRA NAHATA – PROMOTER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. VIJAY RAJ JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER,  
MR. MANOJ BAID – COMPANY SECRETARY 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
ANALYST: 
MR. MOHIT LOHIA – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the HFCL Q1 and FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  
 
Statements made during this call may be forward-looking in nature based on management's 
current beliefs and expectations. They must be viewed in relation to risks that HFCL's business 
faces that could cause and future results, performance or achievements to differ significantly 
from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Investors are therefore 
requested to check the information independently before making any statements or decisions. 
 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*”, then “0” on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Lohia from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Mohit Lohia: 
Yes. Thank you, Shruti, and good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the Q1 
FY '26 call of HFCL Limited. First of all, I would like to thank Management for providing us 
the opportunity to host the call.  
 
From the Management side, we Mr. Mahendra Nahata – Promoter and Managing Director, Mr. 
Vijay Raj Jain – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Manoj Baid – Company Secretary, and Mr. Amit 
Agarwal – Head of Investor Relations. 
 
So without further delay, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Nahata for opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Mahendra Nahata:               Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. 
I extend a warm welcome to all of you on HFCL’s earnings call for the first quarter of FY26. I 
trust you have had the opportunity to review our financial results, press release, and investor 
presentation, which are available on our website and the stock exchanges. 
As we step in FY26, India continues its strong momentum as a hub for digital innovation and 
self-reliance. The Government’s push towards Artificial Intelligence, 6G readiness, and 
indigenous technology development is rapidly reshaping the country’s telecom and defence 
ecosystem. The Department of Telecommunications, in collaboration with academia and 
industry, is laying the groundwork for AI-native 6G networks, which are poised to define the 
future of ultra-high-speed, intelligent connectivity. HFCL is actively contributing to this national 
mission by developing next-generation technologies for 6G in collaboration with premier 
academic institutions. These initiatives not only position India as a future-ready digital 
powerhouse but also reaffirm HFCL’s commitment to being at the forefront of technological 
advancement.  

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
India’s 5G rollout has made phenomenal progress. In just 22 months since launch, 5G services 
now cover over 82% of the population, with more than 4,70,000 5G sites installed. While rural 
5G coverage is still in progress, India has already achieved near-universal 4G penetration across 
its villages. This swift infrastructure expansion is a testament to the sector’s agility and 
commitment to digital inclusion. 
Q1 FY26 marked a strong and encouraging start to the year, with healthy momentum across our 
key verticals—Telecom, Optical Fibre Cables, Passive Connectivity Solutions, and Defence. The 
emergence of hyperscale datacentres and progress in implementation of BharatNet has opened 
up very encouraging new business opportunities for HFCL both for optical fibre cable and 
passive connectivity solutions and telecom products. Modernisation of defence forces will also 
lead to increase in demand for defence products. 
After nearly six to seven quarters of subdued demand in our Optical Fibre Cable business, we 
are now witnessing a strong resurgence in global demand. This renewed momentum, beginning 
in Q1 FY26, has enabled our manufacturing facilities to operate at optimal levels. The increase 
in business activity has translated into consistent and efficient plant operations, marking a notable 
improvement from the muted performance observed up to Q4 FY25. The revival in demand has 
led to a notable increase in revenue contribution from this segment, further strengthening our 
growth trajectory in the connectivity domain. Our Optical Fibre Cable business continues to 
remain a key growth engine for HFCL. During Q1 FY26, we secured export orders worth 
approximately ₹300 crores and achieved export revenues of around ₹210 crores .  
This quarter also marked the onboarding of several reputed global customers, along with repeat 
orders reflecting strong customer satisfaction and trust in our offerings. We obtained product 
approvals from many leading customers, further strengthening our global footprint. Additionally, 
our high-value fibre products are gaining significant traction, particularly in European and Asian 
markets, which are known for their stringent performance standards and competitive 
benchmarks. 
The global demand for high-capacity fibre infrastructure is entering a transformative phase, 
fuelled by the rapid growth of hyperscale data centres, and next-generation digital infrastructure. 
These applications require scalable, high fibre count optical networks. With the unprecedented 
increase in hyperscale datacentres, we anticipate a sharp surge in the requirement for high-count 
fibre cable, particularly Intermittently Bonded Ribbon (IBR) cables, over the next few years. I 
am pleased to share that HFCL already has strong order book for high capacity IBR cables, with 
a very strong pipeline of additional opportunities under discussion. 
With the sharp increase in demand for high-count fibre, particularly IBR cables, we are 
significantly expanding our manufacturing capacity to ensure that we are well-positioned to 
capture a significant share of this high-growth market. To further strengthen our leadership 
position in advanced OFC technologies, the Board of Directors, in its meeting held on 11th July, 
2025, approved the expansion of IBR cable capacity from ~1.73 million fiber kilometers per 
annum to ~19.01 mn fkm /per annum at our Hyderabad and Goa facilities. This will enable us to 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
meet rising global demand, particularly from North America and Europe, where we already have 
orders from major customers. With this planned expansion, our total optical fibre cable 
manufacturing capacity will increase from ~25.08 million fibre kilometers to ~42.36 million fibre 
kilometres per annum, significantly enhancing our ability to serve both domestic and 
international markets. This enhancement in capacity will make HFCL one of the leading supplier 
of optical fibre cable internationally. 
This enhancement in manufacturing capacity of IBR cables aligns with our strategy to diversify 
our cable portfolio and reinforce HFCL’s position in high-value, high-volume international 
market segments. With the strong traction we are experiencing particularly from international 
customers, we are confident that our Optical Fibre Cable business is poised to more than double 
its revenue in FY26 compared to FY25. This growth reflects not only a recovery in demand, but 
also a structural shift in the global optical fibre landscape where HFCL is positioned well to lead.  
Our Passive Connectivity Solutions (PCS) are playing a pivotal role in resolving last-mile 
challenges faced by telecom operators. By offering integrated, ready-to-deploy solutions for 
urban, rural and enterprise networks, we are not only improving network efficiency and uptime 
but also deepening our value across the entire connectivity ecosystem. 
On the Passive Connectivity Solutions front, we secured several orders across both domestic and 
international markets. As part of our long term strategy, we are committed to have significant 
revenue from this segment of our product portfolio.  
HFCL is sharply focused on tapping into the massive opportunities emerging from the explosive 
growth of hyperscale data centres. Apart from high count fiber cable, we are also developing 
passive connectivity solutions specifically for data centers. We expect to have significant 
increase in revenue from passive connectivity solutions business with  data centers also.  
We also expanded our Cable Reinforcement Solutions globally with export orders for UV FRP 
Rods to the US, Belgium, UK, and Saudi Arabia, along with a repeat order for Thermal FRP 
Rods from an international cable manufacturer. These components are critical in ensuring the 
structural integrity and durability of modern fiber optic networks, especially in challenging 
environmental conditions.  
In the telecom equipment space, we achieved a major milestone by successfully developing 
indigenous MPLS Routers designed to support  backhaul, fiber broadband, and enterprise 
networks. We are proud to be the only Indian manufacturer, aside from Tejas, to develop such 
routers. These next-generation routers are engineered to deliver carrier-grade performance even 
under harsh environmental conditions, making them well-suited for both civil including rural and 
Defence applications. 
We have already commenced commercial deployment of routers in a domestic telecom network 
under real-world traffic conditions, successfully validating their capabilities. HFCL has secured 
orders worth ₹650 crore for routers under the BharatNet Phase III program and expects to receive 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
significant additional orders as more states roll out their implementation under BharatNet 
program. 
While the domestic market itself presents strong growth opportunities, we also see immense 
export potential for our routers—given the global demand for secure, scalable, and self-reliant 
connectivity infrastructure. This reinforces HFCL’s positioning as a technology-driven company 
with a robust, future-ready product portfolio. Our strategy to move up the value chain by offering 
smarter, technology-led telecom products is showing strong results. We continue to expand our 
offerings across 5G, and enterprise connectivity. Recently, we secured a repeat order worth 
~₹175 crore for our indigenous 5G networking equipment, underscoring our ‘Make in India’ 
capabilities.  
In the defence vertical, HFCL made transformative progress during the quarter. We secured a 
landmark contract for thermal weapon sights for AK-203 rifles. This achievement highlights our 
R&D maturity, manufacturing capabilities, and adherence to stringent defence quality standards. 
Additionally, we are declared as L1 bidder in a ₹90 crore tender for tactical cables, which are 
deployed by the Army in battlefield conditions. These cables are a vital part of HFCL’s high-
performance connectivity portfolio, designed to ensure secure, resilient, and mission-critical 
communication in demanding operational environments. 
We also signed three Memoranda of Understanding with UAV manufacturers to co-develop 
next-generation unmanned aerial platforms and weaponized drones aimed at modern warfare, 
surveillance, and logistics applications. In parallel, we are developing a state-of-the-art drone 
detection radar with soft kill option, which is expected to enter the production phase within the 
current financial year. Lab trials of this product is currently underway, with field trials expected 
to start shortly. The product has already generated strong market interest, given the rising need 
for autonomous aerial threat management systems. 
Further, our electronic fuzes  for artillery guns are also scheduled to undergo live testing in 
August by DRDO, following the recent receipt of ammunition from Munitions India Limited. 
This marks a key milestone in our defence roadmap, with production expected to begin soon 
after successful trials.  
We have signed two Technology Licensing Agreements with DRDO for Compact Transhorizon 
Communication Systems and Multi-Mode Hand Grenades—strengthening our role in providing 
high-performance battlefield solutions. We are also in advanced stages of securing technology 
transfers from DRDO for Mechatronic Fuzes, Weaponised Handheld Thermal Imagers 
(WHHTI), and Compact Airborne Multi Sensor Optronic Payload (CAMOP) for UAVs. We 
have also applied for ToTs for UAV-Launched Precision Guided Missiles (ULPGM) and Very 
Short Range Air Defence Missiles (VSHORADS). These developments reflect our deepening 
collaboration with DRDO and reaffirm our commitment to delivering scalable, indigenous, next-
gen defence technologies. 
 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
The recent geopolitical conflicts and rising global security concerns have accelerated defence 
modernisation efforts across the world. In India too, the Government’s renewed focus on 
indigenisation and advanced warfare capabilities has created opportunities for companies like 
HFCL. With our deep R&D capabilities, cutting-edge technology solutions, and commitment to 
Atmanirbhar Bharat, we are strongly positioned to contribute meaningfully to India’s defence 
modernisation journey and tap into the growing demand for defence products. 
To further strengthen our brand and capabilities globally, HFCL showcased its defence 
portfolio at the 55th Paris Air Show the foremost aero exhibition in the world held last 
month. Our exhibits included Artillery Fuzes, Surveillance Radars, Thermal weapon sights, 
High Capacity Radio Relay systems, Tactical Communication and EWIS assemblies. The event 
witnessed significant engagement from global defence OEMs, delegations, and technology 
partners. These interactions have opened up several avenues for international collaboration and 
export opportunities in coming quarters. 
Driven by these wins, our order book as of June 30, 2025, stands at ₹10480 crore, compared 
to ₹9967 crore in the previous quarter and ₹6776 crore in Q1FY25 
Let me now highlight our financial performance for Q1FY26. 
• 
Revenue stood at ₹871.02 crore, compared to ₹800.72 crore in Q4 FY25 and ₹1158.24 crore 
in Q1 FY25. 
• 
EBITDA stood at ₹42.93 crore, compared to ₹-22.33 crore in Q4 FY25 and ₹185.37 crore 
in Q1 FY25. 
• 
EBITDA margin was 4.93% in Q1 FY26, versus -2.79% in Q4 FY25 and    16.00 % in Q1 
FY25. 
• 
Profit After Tax (PAT) came in at ₹-29.30 crore, compared to ₹-83.30 crore in Q4 FY25 
and ₹110.65 crore in Q1 FY25. 
• 
PAT margin stood at -3.36% in Q1 FY26, compared to -10.40% in Q4 FY25 and 9.55% in 
Q1 FY25. 
• 
Telecom product segment revenue contributed 66.35% of total revenue, compared to 
76.33% in Q4 FY25 and 61.42% in Q1 FY25. 
Q1 FY26 has laid a solid foundation for what we believe will be a breakout year for HFCL. With 
robust order inflows, expanding global demand for our OFC and IBR cables, and strategic wins 
in defence, we are witnessing the early outcomes of our strategic shift toward high-tech, value-
added solutions. Our continued investments in capacity expansion, product innovation, and 
global partnerships are positioning us at the forefront of next-gen connectivity and defence 
technology. 
Looking ahead, we see clear tailwinds with accelerated execution of BharatNet, 5G densification, 
rising global optical fibre demand, and expanding opportunities in indigenous defence 
manufacturing all of which provide strong visibility and momentum. We have entered the second 
quarter of FY26 with renewed confidence, a healthy order book, and improving profitability. 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
HFCL’s fundamentals are stronger than ever, and we remain fully committed to creating long-
term value for all our stakeholders. 
Thank you once again for your continued support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir my first question regarding data 
center. I think data center networking, total addressable market, it's more than $1 trillion over 
the next four to five years' time. I just want to understand like how we differentiate ourselves in 
terms of data center networking compared to our competitors? Because one of our competitors 
already making more than 20% of revenue from data center side only, so if you could share more 
light on that industry side and our company capability side. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Thank you, Mr. Balasubramanian. World market for data centers is very, very large. Right now 
with the kind of hyperscalers are coming up all over the world, particularly in North America 
and Europe, unprecedented growth, which we could not have imagined probably six months ago. 
Now these data centers need different kind of products, servers and those kind of large capacity 
switches, which we do not manufacture. But we supply to them with high-capacity fiber optic 
cables and also the passive connectivity solution product portfolio, which we are building now 
revenue from them would start in may be another quarter from now. 
 
So, our expectation with this growth for passive connectivity solution as well as fiber optic cable, 
high capacity, high fiber count is, again, long term because this growth for data center is going 
to continue for at least five years. So we already have secured contracts from major players and 
for purpose of commercial confidentiality, I cannot name them. And we are also in process of 
now getting our products certified for passive connectivity solutions for data centers from these 
customers, customers remain the same. And we expect that these PCS solution, passive 
connectivity solution, is also going to give us a reasonably good amount of revenue for data 
centers in the next financial year. 
 
But of course, passive connectivity solution for telecom operators has already started giving us 
revenue. And our target for revenue from passive connectivity solutions for telcos, telecom 
service providers and other operators is about Rs. 450 crores in the current year. Data center 
would be on the top of that, whatever we do this year, but our real expectation for data center 
from the next year for the PCS solutions we are getting from various operators. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Got it, sir. Also I think we showcased drone radars and electronic fuzes at the Paris Air Show, 
so what is the commercialization road map, and are there any pending certifications or 
approvals? And secondly, we got around Rs. 90 crores defense order, especially for thermal 
sights and tactical cables. So like what's the realistic revenue contribution time line? Is there any 
technology transfer risk with partners like DRDO? 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Look, revenue, as I said earlier also in my last call, revenue from defense will start in this current 
quarter. Thermal weapon sights, tactical cables, where we have already started supplying in fact, 
in Eastern Command. There was another tender which we had won and we have started 
supplying. This Rs. 90 crores tender which we had declared L1 order is yet to be received, should 
be received soon, that as soon as the order is received we will start supplying. Thermal weapon 
sites we will start possibly supplying within this quarter. So, there are a number of products 
which we will start supplying this quarter.  
 
But yes, number of products are going to be getting approval possible in this quarter itself, which 
includes electronic fuzes, for which we have been waiting for a long time, because ammunition 
required for testing was not available, which are manufactured only by the government factory 
Munition India Limited. We paid for more than six months back, and now this ammunition has 
arrived for testing and testing will be conducted by DRDO in August. If the testing is successful, 
for which we are very hopeful because there were minor defects last time, we expect a large 
number of orders.  
 
Even before approval we are receiving large inquiries for export for this product. So we have a 
very high expectation from electronic fuzes, of course. The drone detection radar is now included 
with a soft kill option, detection and soft kill option. It is almost at the end of the lab trial, and 
we expect that field trial would start sometime later part of the August. Once the field trials are 
successful, we would offer it for production, which I expect should happen in this current 
financial year. 
 
Now as you have seen how drones are being used in the war this time, whether it was Operation 
Sindoor or whether Iran-Israel or with Israel-  Hamas or Ukraine- Russia, drones are the main 
weapon of warfare nowadays. So equally, what you need is anti-drone systems. So the drone 
detection radar and also the soft kill option together with that. And as a system, when we sell it, 
again, we expect good demand opportunity for this, not only in India but internationally also. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Got it, sir. Sir, my last question, what is the current scenario of optical fiber and applicable fiber 
cable prices? And what's the status of inventory liquidation at global level operators? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
What was the last point? 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Inventory liquidation status at global level operators. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Okay. Now the fiber prices, the fiber prices are ranging between Rs. 240 to Rs. 250 per kilometer, 
depending upon which fiber and whatever you are talking. The general D fiber, what we call D 
fiber, which is generally in use, Rs. 240 to Rs. 250 per kilometer. The fiber cable realization 
prices, again, depends is between Rs. 850 to Rs. 900 per kilometer. The cable between Rs. 850 
to Rs. 900 per fiber kilometer and fiber just the bare fiber, Rs. 240 to Rs. 250 per kilometer. That 
is the price. 
 
Number two, the inventory levels have now significantly almost finished. That is why you see 
this increased demand of fiber optic cable from Telcos also. Data center operators did not have 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
any inventory. So they are all doing fresh purchases. But telcos inventory is also almost finished 
now. So there is a renewed demand has come up from telcos. As a matter of fact, we continuously 
receive more and more orders from our customers, which are the telcos or supplies to telcos. So 
inventory levels are now gone. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line Siddhant Singh from Green Portfolio Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Siddhant Singh: 
Sir, first, can you bifurcate the defense order book and export order book out of total order book? 
Like how much is for defense and how much is for export? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Look, our export order book, just give me a moment, our export order book today is above Rs. 
400 crores. It's roughly about Rs. 400 crores. And from defense segment, would be roughly 
about 12% of our total order book, which is Rs. 10,000 crores, the defense is about Rs. 1,300 
crores, about give or take a couple of crores. 
Siddhant Singh: 
Okay. And for defense, like which product is the highest contributing in order book, like for 
which product we are getting highest order? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Look, defense tactical cable is the highest portion, tactical cable followed by thermal weapon 
sight. And operation and maintenance contracts are also there for the NFS work which we had 
done for the defense. And now we expect, of course, going forward, as more and more products 
come in in our product portfolio, we really believe that these will really pick up for radars and 
fuzes and all those kind of things in the next 3 months' time. 
Siddhant Singh: 
Okay. And sir, like if we receive a very big order for any defense product, are we capable enough 
for delivery? Like we have manufacturing  capabilities to deliver a huge number of orders right 
now or we have to like develop a manufacturing facility? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
We have put up a facility in Hosur for manufacturing defense products. And I think we are 
capable of delivering, but we foresee the possibility of orders which we can get. But again, very 
huge orders come all of a sudden, which I would be happy to receive. We can always increase 
our production facility. But anyway, for the foreseeable requirement, whatever we can get, we 
have production capacity in Hosur. But certain things which we want to manufacture for which 
we have applied for licenses. And also we have got TOT for multimode hand grenade, for 
example, that production will have to be done at a different production facility because those 
involve explosives. And for that, you require a large chunk of land and magazines and all that 
installed. So for that separate manufacturing facility would be required. But let us first receive 
the clearances for that, and then we would look at that. But yes, we are working on them, and 
we expect a good opportunity for ammunitions also for which we will be definitely establishing 
a separate production facility. 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Siddhant Singh: 
And like for ammunition fuzes like we will start the receiving like we will start getting revenue 
in FY '27 only? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
For? 
Siddhant Singh: 
For ammunition fuzes, when we will be able to start recognizing revenue? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
See, look, again, let us assume that trials will be successful, which I hope August trial will be 
successful. If the trials of August are successful, then we can start getting revenue from the last 
quarter of the current financial year also for fuzes because after trials are successful , 2 or 3 
months in starting production, should not take two or three months also. But definitely, if the 
trials are successful from the last quarter of this financial year, we should start getting revenue 
from fuzes. The orders are not going to be a problem, I can tell you. 
Siddhant Singh: 
Okay, sir. And one last question is that, sir, like you right now announced that, we are going to 
raise Rs. 700 crores. Can you like give the breakdown like how much we are going to use as a 
CAPEX and where we will be going to use that? And second is that like our promoter holding 
is decreasing every quarter. So what is your take on that? Like whether you will be going to 
participate into fundraise or we are going to dilute our stake? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Siddhant, first of all, Rs. 700 crores was just an enabling resolution we have passed. We have 
still not decided when to raise, how much to raise, whether to raise. All these things are still 
under discussion. It's just an enabling resolution. Now whenever we decide, the use would be, 
of course, to tap into by increasing defense opportunities, telecommunication opportunities, 
optical fiber cable opportunities etc. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Darshil from Finterest Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Yes, sir. Sir, just wanted to understand, since you are saying that the demand is back again for 
the fiber optical cables, when are these margins expected to be in the similar lines what we have 
seen in the last year, which were around 14%, 15%? Just wanted your views on this. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
From this quarter itself. In fact, from July which was the last month of the Q1, we started into 
that kind of a margin. And from this margins would continue to be of that level of roughly about 
15% or so. Currently, whatever orders we are executing, most of them are in that range of 
margin. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Okay. And this margin reduction was purely due to the demand issue? Or was it something else 
also? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
So really, the decrease in margin was because of low demand. Once you have low demand and 
the capacity utilization is lower with the manufacturers, they tend to start selling at a lower price, 
which is normal. It is a demand-supply equation. Now the demand has gone up considerably. As 
a result of that, of course, prices have also gone up and buyers are also facing a capacity 
constraint in sense for high-quality cables or high-technology cables. I am not seeing the demand 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
has increased for run of the mill cables, which so many people manufacture. But the cables 
which are really high-technology cables, IBR kind, intermittently bonded cables. As an example, 
of 884 fiber or 728 fiber. It's not so many people are able to manufacture because they are highly 
critical in technology and quality. So there, the prices have gone up because the manufacturers 
are not so many. And at the same point of time, margins would also be better. So technologically, 
these are different level of products. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Got it. So sir, given the kind of the capacity expansion also we are doing. So looking at this 
demand, which has obviously right now that has come up again. What is your view on these 
capacities that we are expanding and when these capacities will be live, will this be in this year 
or the next subsequent years? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Look, this capacity expansion is already in progress. There are a number of machines. For 
example, we are buying 10 machines. As an example, I am telling you. So what happens, they 
will come one by one being delivered. These are all coming from mostly from Austria Europe, 
not Australia . So they are coming one after another, one after another. So expansion is already 
in process, but it will be completed before the end of June 26. But it's not that the capacity 
expansion will start one particular day. It is already in process, because factory building is 
already there. Space is already there. As the machines come, we are sitting them. One machine 
is expected to arrive very shortly. I think maybe another two, three days or five days. So these 
are continuous expansion, but full would be completed by June 26. So revenue would start 
accruing from this expansion in the current financial year itself. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Okay. And final question would be on the numbers front, sir. I have been hearing that we are 
doing a lot of things in defense with this new capacities also. And last quarter, we have given 
somewhere 25%, 30% guidance. Sir, where are we standing today? And what kind of numbers 
will we see this year ? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
I would still stand with the number which I gave that this year, our revenue is expected to be 
25% to 30% higher, about 25% higher than the last financial year. And as far as defense products 
are concerned. Yes, some of the products got delayed like fuzes for none of our fault. This was 
ammunition not being supplied by a government company, which are the only producer of 
ammunition of that kind today. So this got delayed. Otherwise, revenue would have started 
accruing much sooner. In fact, we have received LOIs for our radars also, ground surveillance 
radars, but they are not culminating in orders, which I expect to happen pretty soon. This is for 
export. 
 
Similarly for multi-mode hand grenade, which we have got a technology from DRDO, and we 
are in process of producing first 100 or so samples for qualification by DRDO and those are 
already under production. So once they are qualified, we expect to receive a large number of 
export orders for multimode hand grenade also. So though look, defense is a bit of a peculiar 
sector, things take time. But if you get in, then you get continuous orders. Similarly, as I have 
been telling, we have been shortlisted for upgradation of BMP-2, which is the armored personnel 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
carrier, but – [Inaudible 0:39:04.4], sorry the line got disconnected, I do not know when it got 
disconnected. I also do not even know. Till what time you heard? 
Darshil Pandya: 
Sir, till the LOIs that you had received from the -- 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Yes. So we expect to receive orders also very soon. So what I was telling is defense takes time. 
But once it starts happening, it happens continuously. Like BMP-2 orders tender has been 
postponed twice. Now it is on 29th September. If that had not happened again and if we had 
won, we would have started seeing revenue in this year itself. So it's quite likely that once the 
order starts coming, then it's a continuous process. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Correct. Got it, sir. And of the Rs. 700 crores fundraise that we have enabled, will there be 
something for reducing the borrowings, sir? Because right now, interest -- 
Mahendra Nahata: 
It's just an enabling resolution. And the details are being worked out. We will definitely let you 
know when we go to the final decision. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Okay, no problem, sir. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Enabling resolution up to Rs. 700 crores, not for Rs. 700 crores. 
Darshil Pandya: 
No problem. We will wait for your announcement, sir. Thank you so much. All the best for your 
subsequent quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aagam Shah from RSPN Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Aagam Shah: 
Thank you for allowing me to ask questions. I just had two questions. Sorry, I joined the call a 
bit late, I might have missed it. So what is the capacity utilization of optic fiber? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
In our optical fiber, we are working at 100% capacity for optical fiber. Optical fiber cable, the 
capacity utilization has started improving in the first quarter. Particularly May, June it really 
started improving. July it has further improved and now reaching to almost 100%. 
Aagam Shah: 
Okay. Understood. Sir, last question. Just wanted a status update on Delhi NCR factory and the 
revenue potential from that factory? The CAPEX? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Say that again, I could not hear you. 
Aagam Shah: 
Just wanted to know the progress on the Delhi NCR factory for Telco and the revenue potential 
from that? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Okay. We have already started producing. 5G FWA CPE, we produced system integrated in 
there only, which was order already, we have supplied roughly about Rs. 600 crores. Another 
Rs. 200 crores supply would start in another may be three to four weeks. Router production has 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
picked up from there and supply has started in small lots already. The bulk production would 
start sometime in August. We will be starting bulk products or routers from that factory. The 
work is already on. Production is already on. 
Aagam Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lakshmi Narayanan from KSEMA Wealth 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Hi, sir. Sir, I just want to understand what is the contribution of optical fiber cable in our total 
revenue mix? And how much is it part of your order book? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Yes. As far as order book is concerned, of the fiber optic cable, you have to understand, they 
keep on coming. It never comes into a big number by once itself. It keeps on coming. You supply 
for Rs. 50 crores, you get another order of Rs. 50 crores on the same customer. So it comes like 
that. But in the total products, which we have total products, about 65% of the product revenue 
is from optical fiber cable. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Understood, sir. Sir, my next question is you are talking about like passive solutions for telecom 
and defense. Could you just expand on that, sir, because I am not able to get that is it like optical 
fiber or something else, sir? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
What is patch-on solution, I could not understand. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Yes. Passive solutions for telecom, you are saying you guys are developing. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Yes. Passive connectivity solution, when you lay optical fiber cable, whether it's a data center 
or in a telco network, you need various materials to lay down fibers. You need jointing boxes 
etc. 
 
So this passive connectivity solution is the material which does not need electricity, but are 
necessary for putting optical network in place like jointing boxes, the manholes, optical splitters 
and those kind of things. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Okay, sir. Understood. Sir, if I could squeeze one more question, sir. BharatNet, in Phase 3, how 
much revenue are you expecting for this financial year, sir? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
BharatNet, particularly revenue, I would say, of the total order we have got roughly about          
Rs. 5,000 crores out of which 20% of that, roughly in the range of about Rs. 800 – Rs.1,000 
crores. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Rs. 1,000 crores. Understood, sir. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
It may be Rs. 800 crores, it may be Rs. 900 crores, something around that. 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Okay, sir. Sir, you are talking about the night vision thing about Rs. 45 crores, which you said 
like supply will start in Q2 in previous con call, sir. Is it going to happen for this quarter, sir or 
it has started? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Yes, we are trying our best that it should happen in this quarter itself. We are trying our best. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
But you got approvals are done, sir? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
They are all approval done. All approvals done and then all the order received, all approvals 
done. 
Lakshmi Narayanan: 
Okay, sir. That’s it from my side. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepesh Sancheti from Maanya Finance. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Yes, sir. Sir, just one question. What is the succession planning sir? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Succession planning. Sir, I am still young enough. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Yes, sir, and we hope that for the next many years we see you. But just as shareholders, I just 
want to know about if there is any succession planning. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
In succession planning, we want to completely professionalize the company that it would be run 
by professional CEOs and professional business heads. Already, company is run by business 
heads for different business verticals. But in future, we expect shareholders to just play the 
shareholders' role and company run by professional CEOs. That is the way we are planning now. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Sir, none of the next generation of Nahata family  are planning to join the business? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
No, they are planning to join the business. But from the perspective of a shareholder, not as a 
day-to-day running of the company, that should be completely professionalized. Now we are on 
the mobile. So hopefully, maybe this time, it will not get disconnected. Now I am not on fixed 
line, but I am on mobile. Yes. Next question, please. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Yes, sir. Again, on the succession planning. I just wanted to understand if the next generation is 
actively part of the business or they just be part of the Board? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Sir, they will actively participate, of course they will actively participate. But one is day-to-day 
operation, what is the production, what is the production value, what is the quantity, who has 
been delivered, which raw material has been purchased, those should now be left to the 
professional CEOs. The next generation should focus more on strategy, more on the policies, 
more on the outside environment management, building relationship with customers, those kind 
of things, not to handle the day-to-day operating issues. That's the way it is going to be. 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Right. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
That professional CEOs to do that. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Absolutely. Absolutely. And we hope to see you, sir, for a very, very long time. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Hopefully. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Yes, sir. And if I can add just one question. When does this revenue degrowth actually end? And 
when will we get the true realization of the huge order book which we are having? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Revenue realization for the order book is continuing. Of course, I think Q2 would be better than 
Q1, of course, Q2 would be better. EPC revenue would go up and revenue from fiber optic cable 
business will also go up with some more capacity utilization happening now. So revenue 
realization is already there, but it is going to increase in this quarter and the quarter next even 
further. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
No, just wanted to understand when did the revenue degrowth actually end the year-on-year 
revenue degrowth. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Because the major reason was the fiber optic cable revenue going down for last 2 years. Fiber 
optic cable revenue, what we expected to happen, it was 40% of that. Otherwise, the revenue 
would have increased. And that was not unique in our case. That happened all over the world, 
whether you take Corning, whether you take Prysmian and OFS, whoever you take, everybody's 
revenue has gone down last year. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Thank you so much, sir, for the clarity. And all the very best to you. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, when we look at our consolidated revenue for the telecom product, although the 
revenue rises, there is a revenue increase by Rs. 92 crores, the contribution to the profitability is 
30%, that is Rs. 29 crores. So what goes into this telecom products specifically when we 
consolidate our numbers? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Telecom products, one is, of course, the fixed wireless access terminal, which we have produced; 
the unlicensed band radios, which we have produced. So these are some of the typical telecom 
products which produce and where we have a lower profit margin. And the profit margin, fiber 
optic cable, which is also part of the product revenue only, has been higher, much higher, as I 
said about 15% or so. But then the telecom electronic products, the margin has been lower. So 
this is how it is. 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, we have also seen the promoter stake also coming down over the last 2 financial years. 
That is through the open market selling, especially through your entity. So what should investors 
read into this gradual reduction in your stake in the company. And again, we are coming with a 
QIP proposal. So that would again further dilute our holding going ahead. So what message that 
you are giving to the investing community by these frequent selling  
Mahendra Nahata: 
Saket, first of all, fundraising proposal is still just enabling. We are not deciding that whether 
we are going ahead with QIP or not. That is number one. And if you look at promoter stake, if 
you look at in the last few years, just do not look at one or two years. Promoter stake has gone 
down by 1 crore 92 lakh shares against some 47 crores of shares or shares promoters hold, which 
is not a very big number. And promoter also needs sometimes money for personal use including 
the social use, also charitable purposes and all that. So still promoter has substantial holding. 
 
Substantial holding is still there, more than 31% holding is there. And promoter always has the 
option to increase the holding. Earlier, we had purchased shares from open market, which were, 
of course, informed the stock exchange. Whenever we did that, we subscribe it to warrants also. 
If we need to be, we can do that in future also. I am not saying that we would do that or not. But 
if need be, we can do that also. So there is not a very substantial reduction. 1crore 92 lakh shares 
on an overall basis, if I look at the data for last six or seven years, it's not such a big number. But 
promoters sometimes needs money for personal purposes also. 
Saket Kapoor: 
But sir, the market cap has gone down. The investor interest is lower. And these all create 
depressions also for the market because it took turn from you when you up your stake at that 
time three years ago. And today, your stake from 35% to 31% in a span of just two quarters do 
speaks volume, sir. This is my understanding, sir -- 
Mahendra Nahata: 
No no, market has gone down,  not because of that promoter has sold shares, the  share price 
has gone down earlier only and that has not got any relation to the market cap. I think so many 
companies, promoters in the country have sold their stakes. Some stakes have been sold because 
the promoter needs money for some personal reasons, what does he do? Where does he bring 
money from? I am not going to take mishandle money from the company or anything. So only 
and my salary is not enough to take care of some of the needs which may be there. So what do 
you do? You sell only your stake to get money, where else you will get money from. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, when you say that this is a breakout year for the organization in your press release, you have 
alluded to the fact, written it that HFCL, this will be the breakout year. What according to you 
is breakout year for an organization in terms of profitability or revenue, where are we eyeing 
that we are using this? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Listen to me, three, four things. One, quarter-on-quarter revenue will keep on increasing, number 
one. Number two, defense will start really showing revenue coming up, which we have been 
trying since last two, three years. But this year, now the defense has started showing revenue. 
Factory has been commissioned for defense products. 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
More number of defense products we are adding in our portfolio, including technology transfers 
from DRDO and may be in future, there may be some technology transfers from some foreign 
partners also, may be. So all this would really mean that you have new streams of revenue would 
start happening. And then revenue from data centers, which was never there, has started 
happening in optical fiber cable. And we will build up revenue from data center for connectivity 
solutions also. So new revenues in defense services, new revenues in data centers, fiber optic 
cables, all this would make it a breakout year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, as you mentioned that revenue will grow. So in the turnkey contract, can 
we expect now the losses to mitigate in the last two quarters, our PBT losses have moved up to 
Rs. 100 crores? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Yes, yes, yes. It will happen because with the increase in revenue, particularly in increasing the 
use of BharatNet, this is definitely going to happen. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And as a year as a whole, what should we look, sir, for the turnkey business performance 
be? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Saket  
Saket Kapoor: 
I am concluding, please allow me to conclude ma'am.  
Mahendra Nahata: 
Go ahead, Mr. Saket. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir what I was trying to understand is, for the year as a whole, turnkey business, that is the EPC 
part, how will that will be shaping up and whether the bottom line will be positive or negative? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
What I am saying Mr. Saket, overall, we can look for about 25% growth in the revenue. Overall, 
that is what our best estimate is that there should be 25% growth in the revenue of the company 
in the current financial year. Now how much it will grow in EPC, how much it will grow in 
defense or products? Very difficult to say. But at least EPC will grow. And also, I can tell you, 
fiber optic cable business, it will grow by 100%. That is our current estimation. Last year, it was 
Rs. 1,200 crores. This year, we should be reaching to Rs. 2,400 crores. This is the expected 
revenue of fiber optic cable. And in my opinion, more than 50% of that is going to be exports. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir. I had just one more part on the rights issue for Exicom, sir. So we will be participating 
in that ? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Exicom question, I cannot answer. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No, HFCL is a shareholder sir. HFCL, we hold 6%. So we will be participating to the extent of 
our proportion to the issue? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
No, no, we have already said that we are not participating. 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you, sir. All the best to the team, sir, going ahead. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Purohit from Fident Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is, what is our Hosur defense facility utilization 
right now? And what do we target by the end of this year? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Defense has just started, Nikhil, it just started. So I wouldn't say there is any percentage to that.  
So Q2, we would be producing this thermal weapon sights there. Multimode hand grenade if we 
get order, we will not be producing there because right now, we do not have a license for 
explosives. Once we get explosive license, we like to produce at a different facility, not at this 
place. So it is just starting. So I won't put a number at this point of time to that. 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Okay, not for the end of the year as well, right? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
No, not at the end of the year. Not at this point of time. But yes, may be next quarter, I should 
be able to give you some number. 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Got it. Okay. And out of the Rs. 10,000 crores, the order book executable is how much for this 
year? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
This year is out of this particular Rs. 10,000 crores, particularly, I think Rs. 3,000 crores should 
be executable in the current year, but more number of orders are being received, which are to be 
executed in the current year itself, particularly fiber optic cable, for example, where you receive 
small orders like Rs. 40 crores, Rs. 50 crores, Rs. 30 crores, and which we keep on executing. 
But out of this Rs. 10,000 crores, it should be around about Rs. 3,000 crores. 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Rs. 3,000 crores. Okay. Got it. And what is the PLI we are expecting for this year? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
PLI, no, we are not expecting any PLI this year. 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Okay. So, I think in quarter 3 FY '25, we had talked about some PLI of around Rs. 40 crores, 
Rs. 50 crores in FY '26. So this is not coming? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
No, we thought we would receive, but we could not reach to the level of commitment we had 
made in terms of the revenue from indigenously manufactured products. So we really could not 
reach to that level. It is our mistake that we projected high numbers in the beginning, which if 
we had projected lower numbers, you would have got PLI, right now. There was no bar on 
projecting lower numbers. We thought we should be able to do more, but there was not so much 
of demand for indigenously manufactured telecom products and fiber optic cable is not a part of 
that PLI list. So it's unfortunate that we did not get any PLI. And nor do we expect anything in 
this current financial year. 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Okay. And what will be the CAPEX for this year? 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Mahendra Nahata: 
CAPEX for this year, give me a minute, I will come back to you before we end this. Roughly, I 
think currently about Rs. 250 crores because about Rs. 130 crores is going in IBR cable itself 
and something will go on optical fiber facility and miscellaneous, roughly about Rs. 250 crores, 
you can see in the full year. 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Okay. Got it. Just 1 last question. So OFC, you mentioned Rs. 2,400 crores this year, up from 
Rs. 1,200 crores last year. Could you give you an estimate for the defense sector as well in the 
defense segment? What revenue are we targeting ? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
I could not give an estimate, but current estimation if you take from me, my best estimation 
could be leading to about Rs. 200-plus crores, Rs. 200-plus crores, something like that. Again, 
these are some of the head estimates I am giving you because I must answer your question, but 
about Rs. 200 crores, I would say. 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Okay. And we stick to the 15% -- what's the margin guidance, sorry? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Margin level, it depends. 
Nikhil Purohit: 
No, overall. Overall. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Overall margin level here is still fiber optic cable, I expect to be about 15%. In turnkey, it is 
about 6% to 8% or sometimes a little bit more in BharatNet or overall 6% to 8% is in turnkey, I 
would say. Those are the kind of margins. And telecom products, again, it depends product to 
product, time to time, situation to situation. Like last quarter, the telecom product margin was 
very low. 
Nikhil Purohit: 
Okay, got  it. Thank you. Those were all my questions. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek from Neste Wealth LLP. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to have your understanding on, last financial year 
we did a revenue of Rs. 4,064 crores, and this quarter we are at Rs. 871 crores or Rs. 869 crores, 
something like that. So if we assume 25% growth rate, we have to do somewhere around Rs. 
4,200 crores in this nine-month period, which is approximately Rs. 1,400 crores per quarter. So 
are we on it? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Yes, we are on it. I am not saying that the Q2 would be Rs. 1,400 crores. So Q2 would definitely 
be better than the Q1. And every quarter, we will increase. And I am quite confident that 25% 
increase in the revenue would be there. Looking at the order book itself and the kind of orders 
we are receiving, we should be able to reach, out of the Rs. 10,000 crores, Rs. 3,000 crores 
should be executable in this year itself. Then there will be more orders coming up in the current 
financial year. So I do not have any reason to believe that it would not increase by 25%. 
Abhishek: 
And Q2, can we expect Q2 to be profitable or PAT positive? 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Well, I do not know at this point of time. It's too early to say, but revenue is going to be definitely 
far better. And with the increase in revenue, definitely marginal costing and overall overhead 
per unit of revenue goes down. So I wouldn't give you any guidance, but yes, it would be better 
than the current quarter. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. And coming to the DRDO fuze part. So if we are able to do the test and all DRDO is able 
to do the test and test pass, how early we can have the order flow from here? Because last time, 
you had mentioned that we had confirmed orders which were wanting certificate from DRDO, 
Rs. 800-odd crores kind of. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
That was not for handheld grenade. That was for fuze. We had order of Rs. 700 crores for 
exports. It was confirmed, but the testing could not happen, which was not our fault because 
ammunition was not supplied by the government. And this order had to go. Nobody would wait 
for us. Now we have got the ammunition. Testing is to take place in August and hope that would 
be successful, no reason not to be. 
 
If that is successful, yes, plenty of orders would be there for electronic fuzes. Order is not going 
to be a problem. Mutli-mode Hand grenade if the testing is successful, which again, I believe it 
should be, it's not such a complicated product and technology from DRDO. So there is a 
reasonably good demand, but I do not know at this point of time, we have not gone to the market 
aggressively selling this product, but we have got LOI from one or two countries for buying 
multimode hand grenades. But once I let the testing is over, then I will come back to you. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. And one last thing on the DRDO fuze test part. Let's say, it does not come to the 
expectations of DRDO. Sir, how long we will have to again wait for the next round of 
ammunition? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Look, first of all, I do not think there is any reason this time that it will not come to the 
expectation of DRDO. Last time also, how many fuzes fired on, only one type of fuze had one 
small problem. So there was a remark, in the (Inaudible) 1:07:17.6]. I did not want to go with 
that remark to the market. So I do not think there should be any problem this time in finally 
certifying the product. But let us assume it does not happen. So this time, ammunition deliveries 
would not be so late, may be two to three months' time. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. Thank you so much. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kush from Analyst Asset. Please go ahead. 
Khush: 
So out of order book of Rs. 10,000 crores, how much is from EPC? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
I will tell you. Just give me a second. Out of that, about Rs. 6,400 crores would be for EPC. 
Khush: 
And how much are you expecting it to convert it into the realization in this year? 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Look, out of the total Rs. 10,000 crores, I am saying about Rs. 3,000 crores will be converted 
into this year. Now out of EPC of Rs. 6,494, I would say Rs. 1,000 crores, something like             
Rs. 1,000-Rs.1,200 crores should be convertible. 
Khush: 
Okay. So, which means around Rs. 1,000 crores would be from our products.  
Mahendra Nahata: 
Out of this Rs. 10,000 crores, but there will be more orders coming in. 
Khush: 
Okay. And sir, on the optical fiber cable, so we are already around 100% utilization. So when 
we are expecting to get the additional this capacity as we are doing CAPEX? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Look, additional capacity has already started coming in, has already started coming in. And 
when I say 100% capacity utilization, it has really started picked up from the month of July. As 
I said, rather June was better, July has even been better. And there are so many different kind of 
cables we produce. So not that every cable we produce to 100% of capacity. Some be less than 
100% also.  Again, you have to realize one more thing. I am going may be too technical. 
 
When you say 100%, there is always a variation between installed capacity and capacity which 
you can produce. Installed capacity people come in the same type of cable being produced 
continuously, which does not happen in real life because cables, customers, depending on 
requirement keeps on changing. So real capacity becomes roughly about 80% of the installed 
capacity on the single cable basis. So you have to take that 80% as 100%. From there, you have 
to go on. So right now, in July month, we should be reaching about 80% of that 80% because 
that 80% is the real capacity. And then the expansion capacity has already started happening, 
and it would be fully completed by June. 
Khush: 
By March. So we are confident that we will be able to do Rs. 2,400 crores from the current 
capacity ? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Absolutely confident. Fiber optic cable division with all its connectivity solutions and all put 
together would definitely expect it to do Rs. 2,400 crores. These are going to be the big kickers 
this time. Fiber optic cable is going to be double than last year. Defense production is going to 
start. We have got large orders from BharatNet. We have got started producing routers. We are 
the only second company, Indian company to do so after Tejas to produce routers indigenously. 
We have got orders of Rs. 650 crores for routers. So more orders are expected. We have supplied 
Rs. 600 crores worth of locally designed and produced 5G products, unlicensed band radios. We 
have supplied 0.5 million till now, not in this year, but overall 0.5 million. So all these are big 
kickers this time in the current financial year for our company. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, that was the last question. Investors can directly reach out to 
the Investor Relations team for further questions. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for the closing comments. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Thank you very much to all the investors and the participants on the call. And I really appreciate 
your time and effort you have made in joining our call, and thank you very much. Thanks a lot. 

 
HFCL Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
And you may now disconnect your lines. 
