 
               
 
 
August 25, 2025 
 
Manager - Listing Compliance 
Manager - Listing Compliance 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Mumbai -400 001 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400051 
 
Scrip code: 532640 
Symbol: CYBERMEDIA 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on August 18, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated August 12, 2025, pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the group conference call with investors on the financial results of 
Q1FY25-26 held on August 18, 2025. 
 
The same is also available on the Company’s website at www.cybermedia.co.in. 
 
Kindly take note of the above information on your record. 
 
Yours truly, 
For Cyber Media (India) Limited 
 
 
Anoop Singh 
Company Secretary 
M. No. F8264 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANOOP 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by ANOOP SINGH 
Date: 2025.08.25 
11:49:01 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 6 
 
 
 
 
 
Cyber Media (India) Limited 
Q1FY26 Investors Conference call 
 
Event Date & Time : 18.08.2025, 16:00 Hrs. 
Event Duration : 35 Minutes 46 Seconds 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Pradeep Gupta 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Dhaval Gupta 
Director 
 
Krishan Kant Tulshan 
Director 
 
Anoop Singh 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Q&A Participants list: 
 
1. Vimal Gordhandas Modi: Individual Investor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 6 
 
Company Secretary 
 
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Investor Conference Call on the Financial Results and Rights Issue of 
Cyber Media (India) Limited. Now I would like to hand over the floor to our Chairman, Mr. Pradeep Gupta, and 
over to you Sir.  
 
Pradeep Gupta 
 
Good afternoon, everybody. 
 
Thank you very much for taking your time out, and welcome to all of you for this investor meet. I would like to 
share some of the highlights as well as the thinking that is beyond the rights issue which has opened today. 
 
CyberMedia is a 43 years old company. The Company is listed on the main board of NSE and BSE. The Company 
has a subsidiary, CMRSL (Cyber Media Research & Services Limited) which is engaged in digital marketing 
business, and listed on the NSE SME-EMERGE. 
 
CyberMedia’s products and services are B2B media, digital marketing services and data analytics. Our media brands 
are industry leaders, and the DataQuest, a 43 year old is a very well known brand, PCQuest has been there since 
1987, CIOL has been there since 1996, Voice&Data has been there since 1994, DQ Channels has been there since 
2002. So, there are number of different brands which are very leading brands as far as information technology 
industry is concerned. 
 
We have offices in Delhi, Mumbai, Bengaluru, and Singapore. We also invest and nurture startups. Our values are 
on the five principles i.e. innovation, integrity, excellence, influential and caring meritocracy. 
 
These are the five values that have guided CyberMedia throughout its journey and we are recognized as a very 
innovative company with very high standing in the market with excellent products. We follow a very people and 
work oriented culture within Cybermedia.  
 
The Company went through a lot of problems and primarily these problems came because of our US business 
challenges. We suffered losses in our international business. Consequently, we closed that particular company, 
booked all the losses in our books. Apart from this, we had also to go through a number of different problems. 
 
But I am glad to share with you that all of those things have been addressed by us one by one and that is now 
historical. We have addressed all the legacy issues. Our US business challenges have been resolved and the business 
has been closed. All the major litigations which were there whether in DRT, NCLT, tax authorities, etc. all have 
been settled. CyberMedia’s financial position is now significantly improved. Debtors and creditors are in control. 
 
All the tax related issues have been taken care of, and therefore, we are now sort of ready to embark on a growth 
path as we were several years back before we had this downturn. We are ready to start afresh. Though, we went 
through a number of issues but it is the resilience of the management which has ensured that we continue working 
for our shareholders and we continue to grow the entire organisation. 
 
I would like to share the last five years summary. It is the four year CAGR stands at 22.6%. The revenue in last year 
was Rs. 87.7 crore. Q1FY25-26 Revenue is Rs. 26.08 crore which is higher by 25.5% as compared to last year's Q1 
revenue of Rs. 20.77 crore. We are quite confident that FY25-26 will be a very robust year. EBITDA is Rs. 1.58 
crore for the Q1 of FY25-26. 
 
EBITDA of the last year’s Q1 was Rs. 27 lakh. It is a very healthy growth and PBT of Q1FY25-26 is Rs. 1.3 crore 
as against the previous quarter where it was slightly negative. 
 
Q1FY25-26 has been a very good quarter. Q2 also is looking good, and therefore, we are quite hopeful that we will 
have a strong FY25-26.  
 
Q1 is usually the best quarter but this is the comparison with Q4. There is a significant improvement that has taken 
place as far as the business of the Company is concerned. Now, I would like to brief about the Company’s business.  
The Company runs various websites and has some print products. The Company conducts awards, events, webinars, 
forums. All of these activities are the typical things that a media business does. Today, we are the largest technology 
media house in India. Our subsidiary, CMRSL has started Data analytics sometimes back. There, we have insights, 

 
Page 3 of 6 
 
trackers, market research, advisory services, and consulting. This is based upon the rich data that we gather over the 
years which we presented to the information technology customers.  
 
We have also sort of expanded with semiconductor growth happening. We have moved into semiconductor area also 
with a lot of stress on mobility and autonomous vehicles. Therefore, whichever are the adjacent areas, we are moving 
into those areas also in terms of data analytics. 
 
Digital marketing: We are Google's certified partners and the partnership is robust and strong. We do digital 
marketing, media buying, performance marketing, real-time bidding, social media, SEO. All of the digital marketing 
activities are done by the Company. We look at the website publishers and help them get more business. 
 
We also work with the clients directly like a digital agency and get them performance marketing. These are the three 
activities that we do. Now, I would like to share about the future as to what are some of the changes which are taking 
place. 
 
The future as far as media concerned is in terms of the multi-form integrated media. What I mean is that today you 
talk about content and around the content. You make it available in terms of a website. You make it available in 
terms of a podcast. You have videos around it. You have a print product around it. You conduct different kind of 
webinars and so on around that entire thing. Consequently, there has been a resurgence that has been taken up in the 
media industry and this is primarily getting driven by multi-form factor. 
 
That means you are no longer just sticking to, I am a print company, or I am a television company, or I am a website 
company. This is where again CyberMedia is very well positioned. In fact, we are using a lot of AI technologies into 
our internal processes to improve things, to have very rich content available to our readers. 
 
This is that has really been working well for us. The numbers speak for itself. If you look at the website users, these 
are more than 11 million. Traffic growth is 90% year on year. We have about 3 lakh subscribers. We have 12 million 
page views on Facebook. We have 30 million views on Instagram. We have 2.2 million engagements that happen 
on LinkedIn. These are very impressive numbers that are taking place. 
 
This is forming the base for a very strong presence that CyberMedia has today. Not just in what was a traditional 
area of print, but basically on social media, on digital media and so on. This is a transformation that has taken place 
in CyberMedia. 
 
Coming to the data analytics piece, as I mentioned, we do insights. We work on first party data. We conduct our 
own surveys. We have custom dashboards. We do consulting as well. This is that has again been a growth area. 
 
In fact, some of our products, we are now taking them internationally as well. We have started initial movements 
getting some projects from Middle East and so on. We are working in that direction as well. 
 
Coming to digital marketing. In terms of the digital marketing, media and advertising industry continues to grow. In 
fact, this is the fastest growing piece when it comes to the media industry. We are very well positioned in this area. 
We have developed two products, one is CM Galaxy and the other is AuxoAds. Both of these are AI ML based 
solutions. They help people in terms of either programmatic solution or in monetization. The Company has very 
strong partnerships. 
 
Google is our primary partner and we have license for all their products. We have license for AdWords, DV360, 
GAM360. I think there are very few companies in India which have a complete suite of Google products available 
with them. 
 
We also work with other network partners like Meta, LinkedIn, Pubmatic, Magnite and so on.  
 
The fourth item is programmatic opportunity from traditional ads. This is a major opportunity area and the Company 
is well positioned to capture this as well. Therefore, we are able to give great client solutions.  
 
We work on the demand side and the supply side as well. On the demand side, we work on programmatic targeting, 
e-commerce automation, and AI enabled media buying. On the supply side, we provide data analytics, end-to-end 
data operations and derive traffic arbitrage. 
 

 
Page 4 of 6 
 
Startups: I have been associated with the startup industry since its very inception from 1995 onwards where I have 
been involved. I was conferred the National Entrepreneurship Award as best mentor by the Government of India, 
Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship. 
 
We have current investments in about 20 startups, and each year we look at 5 to 10 new startups. We invest in them 
from CyberMedia. We think that we will grow very rapidly. It is very clear that digital is dominating and we are 
very well positioned there. Digital marketing, of course, is the core digital product. In all of those areas we are 
working very strongly. Therefore, we consider that the future is going to be very bright for the Company. 
 
There are five key pillars, one is digital first solutions, second is innovation on products and content, third is 
geographical expansion, and the fourth is diversified revenue streams and operational efficiency. Data, of course, is 
the new oil, and AI is a very strong growth. We are well positioned with both because we are in data analytics, we 
are also in artificial intelligence. Therefore, we will be moving on to on demand data available to our clients. Coming 
to the strengths of the Company, I would like to summarise. 
 
We have a tremendous legacy. We are 43 years old. We are not a new kid on the block. We have a very strong brand 
reputation. We have very robust digital presence which is there right now. 
 
Diversified revenue model, we are not just in one area but we are in multiple areas. Tech driven operations, we are 
using all varieties of technologies to ensure that our processes are robust and modern. 
 
Customer loyalty and market research, customer loyalty is there and that we see in terms of the repeat business that 
we keep on getting. So, I talked about the diversified revenue model, robust digital presence, customer loyalty.  
 
Investment rationale for the rights issue, we have taken care of legacy issues, obviously those legacy issues cost us 
some money. Therefore, the Company has taken certain loans from related parties, that is primarily from myself, I 
had put in additional money, which will be converting into equity through this rights issue. Through the rights issue, 
we are taking Rs. 3.31 crore to meet the working capital requirement, and Rs. 2.50 crore for future growth. About 
Rs. 40 lakhs are for rights issue expenses. The total amount of money that we are looking at raising through the 
rights issue is Rs. 10 crore. The founder group i.e. myself and my family, my son who is the Director on the 
Company’s Board and is driving the entire digital transformation business as well as the Managing Director of Cyber 
Media Research & Services Limited, the subsidiary, has collective entitlements of 61.79% in the Company. But we 
will be putting in almost about 75% of the entire amount.  
 
We have absolutely a great list of customers viz., Cisco, Dell, HP, Amazon, Google, Qualcomm, all blue chip 
companies which work with us. 
 
Thank you very much, and I would like to open this now for questions.   
 
Anoop Singh  
 
Anyone who wants to ask any question, please raise your and ask you question please.  
 
Vimal Gordhandas Modi 
 
If you go through the financials of the last 12-13 quarters, there is hardly any growth. The turnover is between Rs. 
20 to 25 crore. Is there any critical important reason? I mean that why are we not able to grow in spite of we being 
such a good company?  
 
Pradeep Gupta  
 
As you know that because a lot of the management bandwidth was taken up by trying to clear up all the legacy 
issues. When one has so many things happening around oneself, then obviously there is pressure on the core business. 
But earlier this year, we have settled the last of the issues which was there and now it is possible for the senior 
management to ensure that we concentrate on ensuring that the Company is growing.  
 
Vimal Gordhandas Modi 
 
So, I mean the future is bright according to you.  
 

 
Page 5 of 6 
 
Pradeep Gupta  
 
Absolutely. 
 
 
Vimal Gordhandas Modi 
 
I have a large legacy. So, I would like to know what kind of content we have accumulated and how are we going to 
leverage that particular accumulated content? 
 
Pradeep Gupta  
 
What we have done is that we digitize the entire thing. We have now given digital subscriptions to international 
universities also. 
 
We have started monetizing all our subscriptions. The first one was with MIT. They are subscribing now to the 
archival content and this archival content is that we are making available to a lot of academic partners because it 
becomes a steady stream year after year and renews itself. 
 
We are also thinking of now converting it into different kind of packets. I would like to put together the things which 
are, let's say Infosys, and what really was the media over the years as far as Infosys is concerned. They themselves 
love to have those kinds of information, and we are putting together those sorts of corporate solutions. 
 
I must also tell that whether you look at Mr. Premji's book, whether you look at the various books that have come 
out Harish Bhai's book, the Maverick and so on. All of them have referred to data from our publications. That is 
what we can look at leveraging that entire thing. 
 
Vimal Gordhandas Modi 
 
You said subscription for our legacy data to universities and educational institutions. Anything else?  
 
Pradeep Gupta  
 
As I said we are thinking that how can we come out with new things from the old archives which can actually 
become something for us, and there is a talk with an OTT platform also.  
 
Dhaval Gupta  
 
Vimal ji, I would like to add on this. 
 
When we talk about leveraging the content, the first revenue that we often refer to is subscription revenue. We have 
seen our subscriptions numbers picking up and I think they are already at higher than pre-COVID level. So, there is 
a good traction that we have seen. We are putting more availability as far as magazines are concerned. We have just 
launched it on ONDC platform, and we have also made it available. We are planning on making it available on 
Amazon, LinkedIn and various other distribution networks as well. So, we feel that subscription revenue is going 
up and we would be giving you positive report on the year progresses.  
 
Vimal Gordhandas Modi 
 
Sir, do we have any plan to merge CMRSL with CyberMedia or reverse merge CyberMedia with CMRSL?  
 
Pradeep Gupta 
 
This is a good idea and I will definitely consider it that why should we have two listed entities, why not one. Thank 
you very much for this suggestion. We will definitely work on that.  
 
Vimal Gordhandas Modi 
 
Sir, you just during your speech you said we have moved to semiconductor and automotive. Can you can you give 
some highlight or examples thereon? I mean how we have moved to semiconductor, what exactly we do there?  

 
Page 6 of 6 
 
 
Pradeep Gupta  
 
We are doing various market research reports on the semiconductor industry. We have a newsletter that goes out on 
semiconductor industry. These are the things that we have done. For autonomous vehicles, we are doing research 
reports. This is in the data analytics portion that we are working on semiconductors as well as on autonomous 
vehicles. 
 
Vimal Gordhandas Modi 
 
Sir, I'm also a legacy from IT industry. I used to do coding may be 40-50 years back, and I was a diehard fan of your 
magazines, we were eagerly waiting every month to read viz., PCQuest, DataQuest, and I continuously subscribed. 
 
In fact, I have some old issues also, which I have collected for just my hobby. Sir, these new segments, which are 
opening up, like EVs, semiconductors, drones, we have an opportunity to launch newer magazines to cover these 
areas because they are in great demand today. You can think over it. 
 
Again, we used to have small magazines or whatever, special issues or that kind of stuff we used to have earlier. 
Even drone education, if we can do something in the drone education sector or drone building, how drone can be 
assembled or built. 
 
Pradeep Gupta 
 
Absolutely.  
 
Vimal Gordhandas Modi 
 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Pradeep Gupta 
 
Thank you. Anyone else has a question please?  
 
If there are no further questions, then may I request Dhaval Gupta, if you can give some closing remarks.  
 
Dhaval Gupta 
 
Thank you very much. 
 
A big thank you to all the investors who were able to join us today. We will be making the presentation available on 
the Company’s website. We have done a CyberMedia investor call after a long time. We, today, presented with the 
confidence of having ensured that we put a lot of the past issues behind us and are really excited about the coming 
quarters, the coming years, and charting a course for growth. 
 
A lot of product development, a lot of data, and great content have always been core values that CyberMedia has 
had. We will continue to develop these all. We will make sure that we are putting our best efforts forward the future. 
 
Thank you, everyone. In case, you do have any questions or follow-ups, please do feel free to write to us at 
investorcare@cybermedia.co.in.  
 
