 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ZAGGLE/25-26/53 
 
August 21, 2025 
 
To 
Listing Department 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai -400 051, Maharashtra 
 
Company Symbol: ZAGGLE 
To 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE LIMITED 
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th Floor, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai -400 001, Maharashtra 
 
Company Scrip Code: 543985 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on August 14, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015 and further to our letter dated August 08, 2025, please find attached the 
Transcript of the said earnings call on the Company’s operational and financial performance for the quarter 
ended on June 30, 2025, and the same has been uploaded on the website of the Company on the following 
web-link: 
 
https://ir.zaggle.in/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Q1FY26transcript.pdf 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
 
Hari Priya 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. As Above 
Haripriya
Digitally signed by 
Haripriya 
Date: 2025.08.21 
15:28:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2025 
 
E&OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on August 15, 2025, will prevail.  
 
 
  
 
  
       
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. RAJ NARAYANAM – FOUNDER AND EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN – ZAGGLE PREPAID OCEAN SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AVINASH GODKHINDI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ZAGGLE PREPAID 
OCEAN SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. ADITYA KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ZAGGLE PREPAID OCEAN SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ROHAN MANDORA – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all 
participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Kindly note that this conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Thanks, Maskan. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining the call. I extend a warm 
welcome to all of you. On behalf of Equirus, I welcome the management of Zaggle Prepaid 
Ocean Services Limited to give a brief update on 1Q FY '26 results and address investor queries. 
 
We have with us from the management, Dr. Raj Narayanam, Founder and Executive Chairman; 
Mr. Avinash Godkhindi, MD and CEO; and Mr. Aditya Kumar, CFO. 
 
We will now begin with a brief opening remarks from the management, post which we'll have 
Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Raj Narayanam: 
Thank you so much, Rohan. Good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining the earnings call 
for Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026. On behalf of 
the company, I extend a very warm welcome to all of you. On this call, we are joined by Mr. 
Avinash Godkhindi, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Aditya Kumar, our CFO; and SGA, our 
investor relations advisers. 
 
The financial results, press release and investor presentations are uploaded on the stock 
exchanges and on the company website. I hope everybody has had a chance to look at it. Now I 
would like to take you through the Zaggle business update. 
 
Talking about our quarterly performance comparing Q1 FY '26 to Q1 FY '25, the company 
reported a healthy growth in revenues of INR331 crores, which is our first best ever quarter of 
Q1 at around -- and the growth has been around 31%. 
 
Our adjusted EBITDA increased to INR33 crores, growing at around 28%. The PAT, surged to 
INR26 crores, growing significantly at around 55%. We are off to a promising start in 2026 as 
we continue to drive sustainable growth and strong returns through relentless product 
innovation, strategic collaborations and the momentum from our recent and proposed 
acquisitions. 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Now I would like to take you through our investments and acquisitions. I want to give you a 
further overview of what we have done over the last 6 months -- or maybe a little bit more than 
6 months. We have pursued the investment or acquisition of 6 companies, successfully 
completing 2 and are progressing with 4 more. Once finalized, this would add roughly about 600 
to 700 people to our current workforce. 
 
And this would actually, in fact, call for a change the way we have run the business. We'll need 
to evolve our structure to suit the business needs now that the total workforce probably would 
be more than double of what we have today. 
 
To align with this growth, some of the changes we aim to bring in are as follows: we plan to 
consolidate the technology and engineering teams across this company and create technology as 
a central function. 
 
We plan to unify the finance function under our group CFO, so that finances of all the companies 
can be centralized or centralized to an extent. We plan on centralizing the HR function, enabling 
best practices to enhance efficiency, effectiveness and cross utilization of services. 
 
With these changes, we envisage savings of around INR25 crores over the next 1 year. And 
those savings, in my opinion, should only increase as efficiencies kick in as you will all 
understand that the acquisitions are easy, but integrations are tough. And there is where a lot of 
management bandwidth and effort would go in ensuring that the integration results is of highest 
plus. 
 
Our existing acquisition and investments are performing extremely well. Mobileware has 
generated a profit before tax of INR2 crores in Q1 '26, surpassing its entire FY '25 PBT. On 
TaxSpanner, marquee customers signed, including Bosch for employee wellness -- financial 
wellness and KarmaLife for tax filings for their gig workers. 
 
Leveraging the Zaggle unified gig worker savings platform, we are expecting a further boost and 
increase in the number of filings -- tax filings on account of extension of the deadline. Our 
proposed acquisition of EffiaSoft will strengthen our merchant servicing and payment 
processing along with Dice, which I last time gave a very detailed explanation about why we are 
going ahead and acquiring Dice, which is an enhanced suite of spend management and AI 
capabilities. It's a world-class product and company. 
 
Our proposed acquisition of Greenedge, meanwhile, would enhance our offering in loyalty and 
rewards space, which will give a meaningful boost to our existing total platform. Our most 
interesting acquisition of Rio.money marks a strategic entry into the consumer credit card 
segment thereby allowing us to broaden our financial offerings to a much wider captive customer 
base of Zaggle. 
 
This move not only diversifies our portfolio, but also leverages and strengthens the UPI 
ecosystem enabling seamless credit solutions for users. We continue to actively seek strategic 
M&A opportunities in the adjacent domains across both domestic and international markets with 
the U.S. and MENA regions being the key priority markets overseas. 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Building on the globally proven strength of our existing acquisitions, we plan to further reinforce 
market entry, navigate regional dynamics effectively and leverage well-established partnerships 
through additional targeted acquisitions. 
 
We are also on the verge of closing one more, which is a pretty decent sized deal. Fingers 
crossed, if we are able to do that, that will be great. But again, between cup and lip there is a 
slip. So all this we would want to be -- we would want to under-promise and over-deliver, but 
hoping for the best on that acquisition. 
 
I would like to give you the industry and Zaggle product update. Take this opportunity to 
highlight other product developments, which have happened. As said by Eric Schmidt of Google, 
"The greatest breakthroughs won't come from AI alone, but from those who learn to harness it." 
Keeping this in mind, I would like to highlight some of the initiatives, which we are 
incorporating in Zaggle. 
 
On sales automation side, we -- for our flagship conversational AI platform for Zintel, which 
enhances the multichannel customer engagement. On customers on -- we also want to launch 
our multilingual conversational AI tool in the upcoming months, maybe about 3 to 4 months is 
when it should be fully ready. 
 
We have launched an AI-powered bill processing automation tool, which is already deployed 
which has led to about 80%-plus reduction in overall TAT for bill processing. We are also in the 
pilot stage of an AI-driven claim validation and approval workflow. So utilizing AI to as much 
means -- as high extent as possible. 
 
As we move forward with other integrating AI tools across our organization, our priority is to 
chase high level -- is not to chase high-level fashionable trends, but to delve deeply into specific 
enterprise challenges faced by our customers. 
 
With this, I would also want to give a guidance that we remain extremely bullish on our growth 
trajectory, driven by strong fundamentals, strategic investments and expanding the global 
footprint. With the robust pipeline of opportunities and the clear execution road map, we are 
confident in our ability to deliver sustained value and capture new growth revenues. 
 
While I'm tempted to give you a guidance, which is probably higher than what we have earlier 
stated of 35% to 40%, but I would wait till Q2 to be able to give you, especially keeping in mind 
the ongoing geopolitical uncertainties and macroeconomic volatility. But we are fairly, fairly 
confident that we should be able to up our guidance from here, which was about 35% to 40%. 
 
Now with this, I would hand over to our CEO, Mr. Avinash Godkhindi. 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Thank you, Dr. Raj, for your remarks. As mentioned by Dr. Raj, the start of FY '26 has truly 
been a good one for Zaggle. The momentum we have built is not just encouraging, it's indicative 
of the scalable, resilient and intelligent platform we have created. 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Zaggle now serves over 3,500 customers across a wide spectrum of industries and sectors. Even 
more encouraging is the fact that we continue to maintain a churn rate below 1.5%, a clear 
reflection of the trust our clients place in us and the reliable ongoing value our platform delivers. 
 
By leveraging AI at the core of our product strategy, we are unlocking new levels of scale and 
efficiency. Our AI-led approach positions us to stay well ahead of the curve, allowing us not just 
to respond to market trends, but to help shape them. Today, we are proud to report that we have 
around 3.4 million users using the Zaggle cards and software. 
 
During this quarter, Zaggle platform fee contributed to about INR10 crores. Program fees 
contributed to about INR145 crores. And Propel points contributed to about INR176 crores. 
During this period, we also signed several marquee clients, including Hindustan Pencils, Apollo 
Health, MoEngage, Novozymes, DTDC, CK Birla Healthcare and Truecaller. 
 
To provide a brief overview of one of our clients, they were managing a Pan-India incentive 
plan involving over 60,000 retailers. They faced significant challenges in tracking individual 
performance and the disbursement of rewards, which ultimately loss of retailers leading to a 
drop in the market share itself. 
 
We addressed these issues by deploying the Propel platform. It streamlines the redemption 
process and automated the incentivization plan, offering more than 125 options for redemption. 
 
For another one of our clients, they were managing all non-capex purchases, including services-
related purchasing in an entirely manual manner. This led to further issues on invoice 
reconciliation, thereby increasing cost of processing. The client also faced a challenge of 
maintaining separate systems for travel and expense, which further added to the reconciliation 
woes. 
 
We addressed all these issues by deploying the Save and Zoyer platforms, which gave them a 
unified platform across not only managing all their non-capex and service purchases, but also 
gave them a complete visibility on their travel and other expenses in a seamless manner. 
 
As we move forward to our platform-based strategy, we anticipate rapid expansion supported 
by a robust influx of new clients and the ongoing success of our cross-selling efforts. In Q1 '26, 
we built on our cross-sell platform -- cross-selling momentum. Its successes are large clients -- 
large number of clients, including WhiteOak Capital, Daulat Ram, Apollo Health and Manipal 
TRUtest. 
 
I'd like to take this opportunity to elaborate a little further by giving a couple of examples. 
Manipal TRUtest is an existing customer for the sales solution. We recognize the potential for 
further collaboration and successfully plugged in our drone solution, branch recurring operating 
monthly expenses solution for their diagnostic and pathology centers to streamline the petty cash 
expenses by automating the process of budgeting, usage and reconciliation. 
 
Similarly, White Oak Capital has been an existing customer for our sales solution. We identified 
an opportunity to strengthen our partnership with them by implementing our Zoyer solution to 
drive greater efficiency in their procurement processes and overall vendor payouts. 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
Next, I'd like to share some strategic alliances and collaborations that are enhancing our market 
presence. We are entering into channel partnership agreement with Grant Thornton. And this 
partnership, Grant Thornton will promote and offer our spend management solutions to an 
extensive network of corporate and enterprise clients of Grant Thornton. 
 
Leveraging GT's strong market presence and trusted relationships, this collaboration 
significantly broadens our reach by granting us access to a vast and fresh pool of potential 
customers. 
 
We also further strengthened our relationship with Mastercard by signing a 7-year customer 
business agreement for Mastercard Premium Foreign Currency co-branded prepaid cards, which 
offers both launch- and spend-linked incentives to us. 
 
Building on the capabilities of our innovative employee benefits solution, the Smart Employee 
Purchase Program, Smart EPP. We have expanded our ecosystem by onboarding Tata Capital 
as a leasing partner and OneAssist as an insurance partner. 
 
Lastly, I'm very proud and humbled to share with you that Zaggle was awarded the title of the 
Fintech Brand of the Year at the fifth edition of the business week -- Business World Fintech 
Awards 2025. 
 
Additionally, we were awarded the great Indian B2B Fintech brand at the third edition of the 
Great Indian Corporate Communications Leader Summit & Awards 2025 by Transformance. 
And we also received the Pioneering Fintech Innovation in Spend Management Award at the ET 
Excellence Telangana 2025, further underscoring our commitment to industry excellence. 
 
I'll now hand over to our CFO, Aditya, to take you through the financial update. Thank you. 
Aditya Kumar: 
Thank you, Avinash. I'm pleased to share that CARE Ratings has assigned Zaggle a credit rating 
of A- stable for availing credit facilities from banks. This rating underscores our strong financial 
discipline and strength of our well-established business model. 
 
In Q1 FY '26, we delivered robust revenue growth of 31.4% Y-o-Y reaching to INR331 crores. 
All our 3 revenue streams contributed to this performance with the Propel platform surging 
50.6% on Y-o-Y basis and SaaS fee increasing 19.8% on Y-o-Y. 
 
Our adjusted EBITDA rose to 27.9 percentage year-on-year, reaching to INR33 crores this 
quarter versus INR26 crores in Q1 last year, reflecting strong operational leverage. As Dr. Raj 
and Avinash highlighted, product development and AI remain strategic priorities for Zaggle and 
we continue to invest heavily in these areas. Consequently, our intangible asset base have been 
expanding. 
 
As a result, depreciation and amortization expenses for the quarter stood at INR7 crores 
compared to INR2 crores in Q1 FY '25. Our PAT increased to INR26 crores from INR17 crores 
in Q1 FY '25, a 54.8% Y-o-Y growth. 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
On cash PAT, which includes net profit along with depreciation and ESOP expenses, saw a 57.6 
percentage increase on Y-o-Y basis, totaling to INR35 crores. Furthermore, our PAT rose by 
54.8 percentage from the previous year reaching to INR26 crores. 
 
With that, I would like to conclude my update, and we are happy to open the floor for questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
My question was regarding the -- first question is regarding the program fees. The revenue has 
increased by about 15%. I think last call, we had -- the guidance was that we will be growing 
this by 30% from this quarter going forward and it wouldn't be back loaded. Any commentary 
on that? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Thank you for your question. So if you look at it, the overall guidance for growth for the year is 
35% to 40%, and we are staying true to that and likely to increase that in the next quarter, 
depending on how things progress. Q1 traditionally has been a slow quarter for us because of 
the seasonality in the business. 
 
Also, if you look at how we have tried to focus more on the PAT and PAT growth and the 
incentives, if you look at the incentives growth, incentives as a percentage of the program fees, 
both these line items correspond 1:1 to each other. That is 65%, 66% this quarter versus 71% 
last year. 
 
So the efficiency that is being built into the business, not just focusing on growth. That has been 
our mantra for this quarter and this year. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
So then let me just ask this way, Avinash. Should we assume that program fees this year will be 
at 15% growth? I know that you're saying that you've given a guidance of 35% at the company 
level, but at the program fees level, what is the guidance here for the revenue? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
So overall, for the year, the program fees guidance would also be in the range of 35% to 40% 
prediction. It's just the first quarter that it has been a little tempered. This is seasonality as well 
as the fact that some of the travel got impacted because of the geopolitical situation through the 
quarter. And the first quarter generally is a little tepid, but we are seeing already spends pick up 
reasonably well for us, and this was a little bit across the industry as well. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it. Perfect. The second question was on other expenses. We have seen a sharp decline in 
other expenses. Any commentary around that, Avinash? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
As I mentioned, Parikshit, we are focusing on efficiency, trying to increase our margins and 
profitability. And other expenses reduction is a reflection in that. We'll hopefully continue to 
work behind the scenes on this, and we'll try and deliver even better results in the coming 
quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Maitri from Sapphire Capital. 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Maitri Shah: 
Yes. Firstly, congratulations on the results. Just 2, 3 questions I have. Firstly, on the growth 
guidance, you've guided for 35% to 50% on the stand-alone basis. What sort of incremental 
growth do we see happening from our inorganic acquisitions for this year? Could you quantify 
revenue for that? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
It's a little early for us because some of these acquisitions are still getting closed. While we hope 
to close 1 or 2 by end of -- September 30, but you would appreciate that sometimes these 
processes take a little while longer. So a little hard for us to quantify that and say. 
 
But suffice to say, as we mentioned, the Mobileware performance, Mobileware is not an 
acquisition, but an investment. But there, we have seen fabulous results, already INR17 crores 
of revenue against -- in the just first quarter against the full year INR33 crores for the last full 
year. And the PAT also has exceeded the last year's full year number just in 1 quarter. So we 
hope to deliver great results with our other investments and acquisitions as well. 
Maitri Shah: 
Okay. My second question is we mentioned in the last quarter that we'll be increasing our 
EBITDA margin 100 basis points every year for the next 3 years incrementally. Do we still stand 
on that guidance? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes, we are working towards that. That's what the guidance is. 
Maitri Shah: 
And could you please give us some drivers for this growth happening in our EBITDA margin? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Efficiency, operating leverage. As we mentioned about the other expenses, reduction in 
incentive costs. This business is a tech-first business. And with AI coming in, in a big way and 
we leveraging it, we see a lot of exponential efficiencies kicking in. It's truly amazing what AI 
can actually do. If you strip out the fluff, there is a lot of value to be extracted using AI tools. 
Maitri Shah: 
And any guidance on what the incentive cost will be compared to the program fees? Are we 
targeting any percentage over there for the next 2, 3 years? Currently, I assume it's 65%, if that's 
correct? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
At steady-state, we will be somewhere in the range of 50% to 60% depending on the nature of 
business, right? That is where these businesses, Zoyer would be on the higher side, other 
businesses would be on the lower side. But that is where these numbers should land in the next 
3 years. 
Maitri Shah: 
Okay. And just last question, so sorry. Just the ESOP cost for next year, FY '27, if you could 
guide on that? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
A little too early because we are making these acquisitions and there could be some ESOP costs 
that come in as part of those acquisition structures as well. A little too early for us to be able to 
guide for the next year in terms of the ESOP. 
Maitri Shah: 
Okay. And we are -- hello? We are guiding for about 2 to 3 acquisitions for this year. Is that 
correct, right? 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
So see, there is -- already we have spoken of the acquisitions that we have announced and we 
are doing. There could be one more large acquisition that we'll do this year, which we'll announce 
in due course. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajit Aggarwal from Nilgiri Investment Managers. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Congratulations on a good set of results. I have some 2 to 3 questions, if you may, please. One 
is on the collaboration that we do with the likes of Grant Thornton or Kotak Bank. So any 
customer onboarded through these collaborations, the margins for that customer would be a little 
lower than what we would have achieved as a direct -- if you had approached the customer direct, 
will that understanding be correct? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
See, when we get a customer from a partner bank, banks are not allowed to make money on 
nonbanking services like software sales, right? So basically, it's an introduction done by the bank 
to us and we then convert the customer. 
 
The bank's expectation is that the service quality is very high and the experience is great. But 
banks don't make money on that. In the case of GT, they bundle GT and -- a company like GT, 
they typically bundle other services that they're able to offer like implementation services as a 
part of the contract, and that is something that we would charge the customer directly. So our 
margins are, by and large, the same. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
So GT is not deriving any benefit from us. I mean, is that correct? That would be... 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
No, GT is -- so let me clarify, right? So there's the sale of the software services or the SaaS 
business, right, which is our income and then GT is able to monetize on the implementation 
services that they are able to bundle. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
All right. Okay. Understood, sir. Okay. Second question is on the global footprint that was 
mentioned during the initial part of the call. Can you throw some more light on how we are 
trying to achieve that? And a related observation is that we did invest in some funds. So is that 
part of that strategy? And do we plan to invest more amount in those funds or any other fund? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes. So see, global footprint, we want to be very calibrated and very wise. We try to be as wise 
as we can. As to how we enter into those markets, with maximum impact with minimum 
investment, right? 
 
So keeping that in mind, one, of course, is a strategy where we take our solution to markets 
where there's greater profit pools like the Middle East and willingness to pay for SaaS software. 
Although it's increased a lot in India today, but markets like the U.S. and Middle East, that is 
higher. 
 
Of course, some of the markets are very dynamic, things are changing on a very frequent basis. 
So in those markets, we tend to also do a little bit of wait and watch. The other strategy is to 
make small-ticket investments through VC funds. We'll go ahead and deploy this capital in early-
stage SaaS companies in markets like the States. 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
That gives us tremendous insight as to how the market responds. We get direct access to the 
founders and their thought process, potential partnerships, some of them potential acquisition 
opportunities depending on how those companies are performing and how they fit into our 
overall scheme of things. 
 
So basically, we are getting exposure and understanding of what's happening in those markets 
without actually being present in those markets physically and spending a lot of money in setting 
up a branch office or office in those markets. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
So have you earmarked a certain amount that we will invest through this funds? Or is this 
something which we do on a case-by-case basis? I mean, is there a limit on those kinds of 
investments? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
These are relatively small amounts that we're investing. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Okay, okay, okay. And the last question is on the acquisition of Dice. Now there was a reference 
to Dice in the initial part where it was said that there was a detailed discussion on it and an 
explanation on why and how the Dice acquisition made a lot of sense for us. So was this part of 
the Q4 call or was there a separate call on this because I seem to have missed that? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
The Q4 call. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Okay. Fair enough. So I guess, I'll revisit the transcript. But coming to the consideration that 
was paid for Dice, I don't think that was discussed in Q4 call because it happened in June, I 
think. 
 
So I mean, though we understand you would have some basis for it, but can you objectively take 
us through some bit of rationale on the amount that we paid for it? Because it looks like a very 
small company and it's not -- it's, I think, 5 or 6 years old company only? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes. I think, it's a great company in terms of the capabilities that they have built in terms of AI 
and technology, especially in the spend management space. This year, revenue should be in the 
range of INR20 crores to INR22 crores, right? So it's a 6x multiple or there or thereabouts to the 
forward-looking revenues. 
 
Also, if you look at it, the great opportunity that we have on table is to bundle our payment 
capabilities to that INR20 crores, INR22 crores software sales that they do because the revenues 
that they generate is pure software -- SaaS revenue, right? 
 
And just to give you a sense, last year, our SaaS revenue was about INR35 crores. right? So now 
you can see the opportunity that we have when we bundle our payment capabilities and offer it 
to their customers, there's a lot of value that can be extracted. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aadipta Ghosh from Invesmate Insights Private Limited. 
Aadipta Ghosh: 
Many of my questions are already covered, but I want to ask one question. The Dice acquisition 
was expected to accelerate international operations plan for FY '26. Can you provide an update 
on specific markets you are entering and expected revenue contribution time line? 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes. So the market that we are looking at is MENA. So that's the Middle East region largely. 
And the U.S., U.S. at the right time. But these are the 2 reasons that we are looking to take the 
solution. A little early for us to talk of revenue contributions there, but that's what we are looking 
at in terms of target markets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
So just one clarification on this Dice. So like as we have mentioned that Dice currently monetizes 
only through SaaS fee and not the payments flow. So would it be possible for you to give a sense 
of what kind of, say, payments transaction would be flowing through Dice's platform currently? 
And the kind of take rate, would it be similar to what we are generating on our platform in terms 
of the payments that are flowing through our platform? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes, the take rates would be similar, right, because the payment instruments and the use cases 
are on the travel and expense side and the procure-to-pay side, very similar. The overall volumes 
of spend would be hard to quantify because they are happening in third-party platforms there, 
right, in third-party instruments, payment instruments or NEFT, RTGS. So that -- but it's very 
significant is what I can tell you. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Okay. And how fast would it be possible for you to get those payments flow to through our 
platform? Would it be immediate or like it would be like a couple of quarters down the line? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
It would take some time, too. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Soni from Family Office. 
Ashish Soni: 
Sir, we keep on hearing about agentic AI in your model, the primary Software as a Service 
model. So in that, what threats and opportunity we are seeing compared to -- because we hear 
from Microsoft chief also about this thing. So what are the threats and what are the important 
things you're adopting for your business? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Sir, our objective with agentic AI or any of these capabilities is how can we bring more 
efficiency and value to our customers, right? The use cases that some of the larger organizations 
like Microsoft and others are building are in a very different way, in a different space. Our usage 
is to create very custom capabilities for travel and expense or rewards or source to settle or 
procure to pay for our own solution. 
 
And those capabilities are what -- ultimately, our customer really doesn't care whether a lot of 
AI is used or AI is not used. They want their reconciliations, their processes to be extremely 
efficient and for them to save time and money and have a reduced manpower in doing these 
mundane tasks. So that's what we are working to deliver to our customers. 
Ashish Soni: 
And in terms of pricing, we recently saw the news that Jio is coming with a very disparate pricing 
for tax filing, which is a small part of your acquisition business, right? So if such sort of set, how 
are you going to handle that? 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes. I think, again, there TaxSpanner our use case has never been to approach it from a pure 
mass market perspective. What we offer in TaxSpanner is very sophisticated services for people 
who require consulting on income that comes to them through, say, foreign income or other 
sources, which are a little more complex, and that's the value that we bring. 
 
Because a lot of people have diversified their income, young people, whether it's income from 
foreign sources of mutual funds or rental income or some of them even invest in crypto and earn 
income and the tax laws, etcetera, are quite strict. So you need to be able to make sure that you 
are fully compliant. 
 
And that's where we are approaching this through the corporates. Like we mentioned, Bosch, 
and we have other customers like HCL and Accenture, etcetera. We are approaching it through 
the corporate to the employee. 
Ashish Soni: 
And last question regarding upcoming acquisitions, for which are the target areas you are 
targeting? Like in terms of like adjacencies, what are you targeting in the upcoming solutions, 
if you can throw some light on that. Not -- I know it will be September or somewhere this year. 
So if you can throw some light on that, that will also help? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
So it's in around the space that we are as a SaaS fintech in the space -- spend management space, 
but giving specifics beyond that in terms of adjacencies is hard because we are looking at a 
variety of companies. 
 
The thesis has been consistent. And in the previous years, we have shared what our thought 
process is, that it has to be either EBITDA accretive or product accretive. And culturally, it has 
to be a good fit. So those are the kind of things that we are looking. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manishankar Mandal from Alembic Pharmaceuticals 
Limited. 
Manishankar Mandal: 
Congrats on the great set of numbers. My question -- I have 2 questions, actually. One is, 
obviously, there was a mention of a lot of AI initiative and development, which are at different 
phases of deployment. Wanted to understand, are they completely in-house or through a third 
party or some collaboration with some other companies as well? That is the first question. 
 
And second, how much of the how much of expenses are their intake -- or capex intake, 
especially in FY '25? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes. So First question, basically, is this in-house or is this through partnerships, this is largely 
in-house but across our different acquisitions and investee companies. As Dr. Raj mentioned, 
we are consolidating our tech and engineering teams, bringing the capability together. So that's 
the thesis. I didn't catch the last part in terms of... 
Manishankar Mandal: 
What kind of capex are we incurring in specifically developing tech in-house in FY '25? 
Aditya Kumar: 
In FY '25, we invested close to INR40 crores. 
Manishankar Mandal: 
Just in developing tech, right? 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Aditya Kumar: 
Developing, yes. Solely on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay from AK Investment. 
Akshay: 
Sir, my first question is that I am new to this company. So can you put some color on what types 
of products? And currently, we have mainly 3 products, Zoyer, Save and Propel. So what are the 
different use cases of all the 3 products and how it adds value to the -- our customers and its 
employees. 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Thank you. So the 3 products, basically, sir, cater to all the expenses that corporates incur outside 
of budgeted capex. So Propel caters to channel incentives. Save caters to employee -- all 
expenses related to employees whether it's their travel and other expenses of that kind or benefits. 
And Zoyer is largely focused on all the vendor payouts and other payables that the companies 
have. 
 
So we try to digitize all of these, integrate deeply with the corporate ERP, corporate's HRMS 
systems. And the whole idea is because there's a lot of decisions or a lot of policies that need to 
be enforced before a payment or a payout happens, right, as to who's approving this? Is this 
approved/not approved? 
 
The person who is approving it, does he or she have the authority limits? Does it require 2, 3 
levels of approvals? All of that gets configured. The policies get configured and implemented 
on our platform. 
 
And then there's a lot of analytics and lots of insight that gets generated through the dashboard 
that we have. And that also is a lot of value to the corporate, to the user who's typically an 
employee, or a channel partner. 
 
Through the mobile app, we get the ability to be able to seamlessly file their expenses; to be able 
to actually, in real time, see where their money is and how their money can be spent most 
effectively. So that's the benefit that the user gets. Especially in terms of being able to file their 
expenses on the go is a big value add for them. 
Akshay: 
Okay. So basically, our product is the large-scale enterprise product like CRM, which is solely 
focusing on spend management and vendor payment, right? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes. So 30 years ago, sir, ERPs were relatively unknown. 20 years ago, HRMS was unknown. 
10 years ago, CRM was a little unknown. We believe in 10 years' time, spend management 
would be a very established category. And we hope to be the ones who are the torchbearers of 
this category, at least in India. 
Akshay: 
Okay, sir. And my second question is how many currently -- how many players are there in India 
that provides the same type of product? So spend management like us. And what is the 
competitive intensity in the products that we are working in? And I have also seen that Razorpay 
and all these payment gateways do have some typical product line as ours. So can you put some 
light on that also? 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
Yes. Surely, sir. So if you look at the spread of our solution, the horizontal split of our solution 
-- or our platform rather, where we span across rewards, we span across accounts payable, we 
span across employee expenses and benefits. To the best of our knowledge, nobody does this at 
an enterprise grade level across all these 3 segments and then covering prepaid cards, corporate 
credit cards, UPI, etcetera, which we do today. 
 
Regarding other companies, I wouldn't want to comment specifically on any other company. 
The company that you mentioned is also a partner of ours, payment solution to their customers 
as part of RazorpayX. So I'll leave it at that. 
Akshay: 
Okay, sir, understood. And sir, my last question is we are doing significant expansion in terms 
of inorganic growth, and we have acquired many companies in the past 1 to 2 years. So what is 
the logic behind this? Is that for the cross-selling of other products to our existing clients? Or is 
that for expanding our capabilities in terms of service offerings and increase the consolidated 
top line? 
Avinash Godkhindi: 
So we believe this space is right for consolidation. There's a lot of value that gets built through 
scale and operating efficiency. And we are able to today attract a lot of opportunities given the 
position that we are in. And we are able to hopefully close those deals at very attractive 
valuations. So this is a mechanism that we are using to be able to scale up rapidly and consolidate 
our market leadership. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kushal Goenka from Mangal Keshav Financial. 
Kushal Goenka: 
Sir, my question was how is the cash flow looking for Q1? And what is the direction for the 
whole year? Like what percentage of EBITDA can we expect to convert because since the last 
4, 5 years, I can see that cash flow conversion was one of the main issues. So if you can just let 
me know what steps that we are taking for that? And what can be the guidance on? 
Aditya Kumar: 
So sir, if you look at it in the FY '25, right, we just done 1st June. And obviously, as we're in the 
growth phase, the cash flows -- operational cash flows were negative in the last couple of years 
back to FY '25. We turn post in FY '25. And we envisage this year also will continue the 
momentum, and we will do the same. 
 
So because we are in the growth phase of 50% to 60% in the last 2 years, obviously, the 
investment has to go back to the operations. That's where it resulted in negative cash flow. 
Optimistically, we will turn positive. We'll continue the momentum and we'll be in the positive 
in the current year as well. 
Kushal Goenka: 
Okay. But like any percentage do you want to give in the range, like how much EBITDA can 
you convert? 
Aditya Kumar: 
Early Q1. So possibly, we will give an update on the September next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, we will take this as the last 
question. I would now hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 

 
 
Zaggle Prepaid Ocean Services Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Raj Narayanam: 
Thank you all for participating in today's call. We hope we have addressed all your queries and 
provided valuable insights. We remain optimistic and focused on the future growth of the 
company, and we are excited about the opportunities ahead. For any further information, we 
request you to get in touch with SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
 
Thank you, and have a nice Independence Day in advance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
