= 
ACUTAAS CHEMICALS LIMITED 
A A‘ U T A 
A 
S 
(Formerly known as Ami Organics Limited) 
A 
CIN No. : L24100GJ2007PLC051093 
You and us: chemistry’s apex 
August 5, 2025 
To, 
To, 
The Corporate Relations Department, 
The Listing Department 
BSE LIMITED, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 5™ Floor, Plot no. C-1, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Mumbai -400051 
Scrip Code: 543349 
NSE Symbol: ACUTAAS 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call for Q1 FY26 financial results held on July 30, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings conference call held on July 30, 2025 post 
announcement of financial resuks for the quarter ended on June 30, 2025. 
The same will also be available at the website of Company at www.acutaas.com. 
This is for your information and records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ACUTAAS CHEMICALS LIMITED 
CS Ekta Kumari Srivastava 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As Above 
. +9175730 15366, +91 72279 77744 
¢ Registered Office: Plot No: 440/4,5 & 6, 
info@acutaas.com 
Road No. 82/A, GIDC Sachin, 
i 
www.acutaas.com 
Dist Surat - 394230, Gujarat, India 
EKTA 
KUMARI 
SRIVASTAVA
Digitally signed by 
EKTA KUMARI 
SRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2025.08.05 
14:16:30 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARESH PATEL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ACUTAAS CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
 
MR. ABHISHEK PATEL – VICE PRESIDENT, STRATEGY 
– ACUTAAS CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
 
MR. BHAVIN SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ACUTAAS CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR 
MR. KRISHAN PARWANI – JM FINANCIAL 
INSTITUTIONAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Acutaas Chemicals Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Krishan Parwani from JM Financial Institutional Securities 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Acutaas Chemicals Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. Today, we have with us Acutaas Chemicals management represented by Mr. 
Naresh Patel, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Abhishek Patel, Vice President, Strategy; 
and Mr. Bhavin Shah, Chief Financial Officer.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Bhavin Shah to initiate the proceedings. Over to you, sir. Thank 
you. 
Bhavin Shah: 
Thank you, Krishan. Good evening, everyone. We are pleased to welcome you all to our earnings 
conference call to discuss Q1 FY '26 financials. Please note that a copy of our disclosure is 
available on the Investors section of our website as well as on the stock exchanges. 
 
Please do note that anything said on this call, which reflects our outlook towards the future, or 
which could be construed as forward-looking statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with 
the risks that the company faces. The conference call is being recorded and the transcript, along 
with the audio of the same, will be made available on the website of the company and exchanges. 
 
Please also note that the audio of the conference call is the copyright material of Acutaas 
Chemicals and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in press or media without specific 
and written consent of the company.  
Now I would like to hand over the floor to our CMD, Mr. Naresh Patel, for his opening 
statement. Over to you, sir. 
Naresh Patel: 
Thank you, Bhavin. Good evening, everyone. I hope you are all doing well. Let me begin by 
briefly touching on the key industries we operate in, and then I shall move to business updates.  
Starting with pharmaceutical, raw material prices have remained stable and demand for our 
products is steadily improving. The CDMO segment continues to attract strong interest.  
Battery chemicals – this segment is seeing significant momentum. The U.S. has introduced the 
One Big Beautiful Bill Act replacing the IRA. While this Act removes subsidies on EVs, which 
could impact consumer demand, it retains and, in some areas, strengthens the manufacturing-
related incentives.  

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
The Act restricts participation from a set of prohibited foreign entities and accelerates the sunset 
of manufacturing credits. This is driving urgency among manufacturers. And as a result, we are 
seeing a noticeable uptick in customer interest for our battery chemicals offering. 
 
Moving on to the semiconductor industry. We are seeing a similar dynamics. Customer wants 
to diversify their supply chain and are looking for partners closer to their manufacturing basis. 
This brings me to a key development. We have entered into a joint venture in South Korea named 
Indichem, where we are investing approximately KRW30 billion. We will hold a 75% stake, 
while our Korean partner brings in technology and market access in exchange for a 25% stake. 
 
The facility will manufacture specialty chemicals used in chip production. We have strong 
visibility on both the product mix and customer base for this venture. While I can't share 
customer names but would like to highlight that we already have good visibility on who our 
customers will be and what kind of business we are expecting from this venture once the plant 
is up and running. 
 
Now coming to our Q1 performance. Our revenue for Q1 FY '26 grew by 17.3% year-on-year 
to INR2,072 million. The growth came primarily from our advanced pharmaceutical 
intermediates business, while the specialty chemicals business was steady. Abhishek will walk 
you through the numbers in more detail shortly. 
 
Coming to the business updates, we successfully completed a virtual audit of our Unit II at 
Ankleshwar by Japan's PMDA. And I'm happy to share that it has been declared GMP compliant. 
That means both of our pharma intermediates facility are now PMDA GMP certified, something 
we are proud of as it reflects our strong focus on compliance and quality. 
 
We also continue to strengthen our team, especially at the middle and senior levels, bringing in 
people with deep expertise to lead specific projects or business areas. This helps us operate more 
efficiently and allow the core leadership team to focus on long-term strategy. 
 
To conclude, we have good visibility in our pharma intermediates business as well as for the 
specialty chemicals business. Therefore, I'm confident we shall deliver 25% growth with 
stronger margin this year. 
 
With that, I shall now hand over to our Vice President, Strategy, Abhishek Patel, who will take 
you through the detailed business update. Over to you, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Patel: 
Thank you, Naresh bhai. Good evening, everyone. Let me provide further insight into our 
business performances. Starting with pharmaceutical intermediates. This segment delivered 
revenue of INR165.8 crores in Q1 FY '26, which is strong growth of 23.3% Y-o-Y, which was 
driven by core advanced pharmaceutical intermediates business as well as the CDMO segment. 
 
Moving on specialty chemicals business. This business segment reported flattish revenue of 
INR41.4 crores during the quarter. While the commodity chemicals business saw healthy growth 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
driven by volumes and steady pricing, this was offset by softer performance of Baba Fine 
Chemicals business.  
On the capital expenditure side, capex for the quarter stood at INR69 crores, primarily allocated 
to Jhagadia site for electrolyte additive project. 
 
Let me give some further updates on the capex. Ankleshwar capex stands completed. Last 
pending block has been commercialized in the current quarter. Electrolyte additive capex at our 
site in Jhagadia is on track and expected to be completed by Q3 FY '26. 
 
Coming to solar, in addition to 10.8-megawatt plant, which was commissioned last quarter, I am 
delighted to share the successful commissioning of remaining 5-megawatt solar plant. Now we 
have in total 15.8-megawatt power plant, which will offset majority of our electricity cost at our 
Sachin, Ankleshwar and Jhagadia unit. 
 
Full benefit of this solar power plant will be visible from Q3 FY '26 onwards. Capex for pilot 
plant has already started at our Sachin unit. We hope to complete the same within a year time. 
Overall, the capex for the current year is expected to be around INR250 crores, and we have 
sufficient cash on hand to fund this capex. 
 
On the business update, starting with Pharmaceutical Intermediates segment, our remaining 
CDMO projects are progressing as per plan and are expected to begin contribution to the top 
line from Q4 FY '26 onwards. Moving on to semiconductor business. 
 
As Naresh Bhai mentioned, we are investing around KRW 30 billion in Korea in a joint venture 
named Indichem, wherein we will be holding 75% stake. Remaining 25% stake is given to our 
Korean partner for bringing product, technology and market access. To reiterate Naresh bhai's 
point, we have strong visibility on both the target customers and the product pipeline that we 
aim to manufacture under this venture. 
 
The capital expenditure plan and location of the plant have already been finalized, and we're 
now moving swiftly towards execution. We expect capex to be completed in second half of the 
calendar year 2026 with commercial production beginning by late 2026 or early 2027. On the 
customer front, we continue to build strong relationship in both Korea and Japan. While we have 
already, we are already well advanced in customer engagement in Korea, I am pleased to share 
that in Japan, we are in final stage of discussion with a large multinational customer. 
 
In our battery chemicals business, I'm happy to report that we have introduced a couple of new 
products with both existing and the new customers. Due to confidentiality agreements, we are 
unable to disclose the further details at this point of time. 
 
However, we expect these developments to translate into commercial contracts starting FY '27. 
Before I conclude, I want to reaffirm our confidence in delivering 25% revenue growth in FY 
'26. And on the margin front, we are again committed to drive the further improvements. 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
With that, I will hand over floor to our CFO, Mr. Bhavin Shah, for the financial update. Over to 
you, Bhavin bhai. 
Bhavin Shah: 
Thank you, Abhishek bhai. I would like to briefly highlight the key performance metrics for the 
quarter before we open the floor for questions. Before I start with the quarterly numbers, I would 
like to highlight that, as mentioned by Naresh Bhai and Abhishek Bhai in previous earnings 
calls, our Q1 is always a softer quarter due to the nature of business, and this has been the case 
for the last 15 years. And therefore, the number might look suppressed on a sequential basis 
given our Q4 is always the strongest quarter. 
 
Having said this, let me start with the quarterly performance. Revenue from operations for the 
quarter reached INR207 crores, representing 17.3% growth Y-o-Y. Gross profit for the quarter 
was INR110.3 crores, reflecting 48.4% increase compared to the same period last year. The 
gross margin expanded by 1,117 basis points Y-o-Y to 53.2%. Gross margin was driven by cost 
optimization initiatives as well as improved product mix.  
EBITDA for the quarter was INR50.9 crores, which was up 72.4% Y-o-Y. EBITDA margins 
were at 24.6%, up 785 basis points Y-o-Y. EBITDA margin was driven by expansion in gross 
margin. PAT for the quarter was INR44 crores, which grew 3x compared to the PAT of INR14.7 
crores in Q1 FY '25. PAT growth was driven by higher EBITDA margin and strong other income 
driven by foreign currency gains. PAT margin for the quarter was 21.2%, which show an 
expansion of 1,292 basis points Y-o-Y. 
 
Moving on to the balance sheet item. Net cash and cash equivalents were at INR270 crores. Our 
working capital for the quarter was around 128 days, which was increased by 14 days compared 
to Q4FY '25. This is mainly on account of the lower payable days due to the advanced payment 
for better pricing of raw materials, while for the full year, we believe our working capital would 
be around 110 days. 
 
Although there was an increase in working capital, I'm happy to share that we have generated a 
strong cash flow of INR94.6 crores from the operation during the quarter.  
With that, I request moderator to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of from Akhand from JM Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead.  
Akhand: 
I just wanted to understand what we are making in the battery chemicals side and how scalable 
and how big can this business be over the next 3 to 5 years? And what is the profitability of these 
products in the first place? Because we are a little confused. We say that we hear that profits are 
not very forthcoming in this business. 
Abhishek Patel: 
In electrolyte segment, we have proposed to manufacture electrolyte additives, which is an 
ingredient for electrolyte solution, which goes into the battery. For this, we have already done 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
the market development. We have already signed contract in place with the customer. And then 
we are at the point of completing our capex with respect to this business. 
 
So once this capex has completed, the commercial full-fledged supply will start. And margin 
will again be a function of the scalability of that product in that plant. But we are hopeful that 
this business will give us a good margin as compared to other spec chem business of which we 
are operating into as of now. 
Akhand: 
So, what is the total investment in this business? And what is the kind of likely turnover we can 
make from this business? 
Abhishek Patel: 
In this business, I will not give you the exact number for the turnover. But what we can say is 
we are expecting 1.5x the asset turn in this business. We have announced the capital expenditure 
of INR177 crores for this business, which is for 2,000 metric ton of VC and 2,000 metric ton of 
FEC. 
Akhand: 
Okay. And the battery projects in India seem to be delayed if we look at Exide, Amara, Maruti 
and Tata Motors, almost everybody's battery projects are delayed. So, do you think that we can 
see any benefit of this investment in FY '27? Or will it be later? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Good question. See, let me just bring to you notice that, as I mentioned, we have already signed 
agreement in place for this business. And all our capacity, what is I just mentioned, this is for 
our export business. We are as of now not dependent for this capacity on the India. 
 
In future, whenever the India business gets going, we will supply with the additional capacity in 
place. So, we are not dependent on the domestic market. As and when the production plant gets 
completed, sorry, capex gets completed, we will start shipping our materials. And it will give us 
the revenue by end of this financial year, maybe Q4 FY '26. 
Akhand: 
And we are cost efficient compared to Chinese? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Sir, when we get into any business, we make sure that we should be competitive then only we 
launch any of our product. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Sir, my question is related to Advanced Pharmaceutical Intermediates. See, we saw a very good 
growth of more than 24%-23% Y-o-Y. But is it because largely because of CDMO and that too 
because of this Fermion contract? Is my understanding correct? 
Abhishek Patel: 
In fact, I mentioned during my commentary also that this business growth is largely driven by 
our core advanced intermediate business. Of course, the CDMO business is important, but the 
large portion of this growth comes from the ex CDMO pharma intermediate business. 
Unfortunately, I will not be able to share the exact figures on this but let me again restate that 
it's a large portion of growth is driven by ex CDMO business growth. 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Great. And is it volume driven or there is a change, I'm comparing Y-o-Y. So, is it because of 
this volume has gone up? Or is it price-driven growth? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Growth volumes are also there, but the realization has improved as compared to Q1 FY '25 
because of favorable product mix. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay. Okay. And there is, I mean, if I look at the gross profit level, there is a significant jump 
in the gross profit level Q-on-Q and Y-o-Y also. But at the EBITDA level, sequentially, there is 
a dip. So, what cost has gone up? I mean, is it because of this operating cost or is it because of 
the product mix that your EBITDA margin is below, if I mean lower than the Q4, but at the gross 
profit, it's much, much better if I compare sequentially? 
Bhavin Shah: 
So, Nilesh, you have seen a better gross margin. And when we scale up, see, as I mentioned 
earlier, Q1 is always the lowest quarter. So, as we grow Q2, Q3, Q4 and our sales number will 
also grow there. So, margin will improve from here. So, this is where we are. 
Abhishek Patel: 
So, in nutshell, the gross margin improvement is there because of the, as I just mentioned, 
favorable product mix as well as the cost improvement measure which we saw in some of our 
largest products. And of course, as Bhavin bhai mentioned, the expense, the EBITDA margin 
level, the expense base expense level looks high as a percentage of sales because of the lower 
revenue base as compared to Q4 FY '25. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit from KIE. 
Abhijit: 
Just on the battery business rather, battery chemicals business, you mentioned some new 
developments in terms of possibility of entering into a new contract sometime towards the end 
of this year also. So just to understand, should we expect some further capex announcements in 
that business later on in this year? And are these new products also electrolytes, or are they in 
another part of the battery value chain? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Yes. As I mentioned, we have a couple of new products added in this segment. And from that 
segment also, the customer developments are already being done and now we are at a good stage 
to get the revenue, but not in this financial year, it will start from next, early next financial year. 
And of course, there will be some additional capex would be required in terms of additional 
infrastructure utility as well as some additional capex, which will be around INR40 crores to 
INR50 crores in total. 
Abhijit: 
Okay. And are these electrolytes as well or there are some other categories of products? 
Abhishek Patel: 
No, Electrolyte additive specifically. 
Abhijit: 
You're right. Okay. Understood. Then just on Baba Fine Chemicals, as you mentioned in your 
opening remarks, the numbers have been a little bit soft. So, if you could please just help us 
understand what exactly is happening there? And how you see that semiconductor chemicals 
business overall trending over the next 2, 3 years? 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Abhishek Patel: 
On Baba Fine Chemical semiconductor business, the demand has been soft from our end 
customer side, which was kind of in last quarter also. But as I mentioned earlier also that the 
purpose of this acquisition was to get into this semiconductor business, and that's the reason we 
are aggressively going into other market of Korea, Japan, Taiwan and where we see a good 
traction coming in. 
 
So, we are very hopeful that post acquisition of this business and the kind of market traction we 
are seeing in this market. And as I mentioned, we are very near to a Japanese customer in this 
segment. So hopefully, this business will again pick up and get us a better revenue in future 
along with other customers from Korea and Taiwan. 
Abhijit: 
Right. Just 2 last quick ones from me. I'll combine both of them. One is the gross margin has 
gone to 53% this quarter. And from your comments, it seems like these cost improvements that 
we have made are sustainable in nature. So, should we kind of expect gross margins to stay north 
of 50% in coming periods? 
 
That was question number one. And number 2, just on Darolutamide, I believe there has been a 
label expansion in the recent past. So, if you could please just share your thoughts on what this 
might mean in terms of implications for the growth, for our growth in that business? Also, 
anything you would be able to add on your new pharma CDMO projects that you're expecting 
by year-end? 
Abhishek Patel: 
For gross margin improvement, as I mentioned, it is driven by some of the cost measurement 
improvement. So, this, it's a normal day-to-day practice for us to improve the cost for each and 
every product. So, this is what we have done for some of the, our largest product in last year, 
and that is visible in the numbers also in Q1 FY '26. So those are kind of sustainable and 
favorable product mix. So as and when this product mix becomes favorable, it adds to the gross 
margin. That depends on the product mix.  
On the label expansion of this Darolutamide, so the label expansion has been going on. It has 
been approved in some of the geography earlier. Now it has been approved in the geography of 
Europe, U.S. and now in Japan also. 
 
So, this will definitely add to the demand of this product for our customer. For us, whatever 
guidance we are giving, that is based on the customers' demand and that demand and the 
projection for next 5 years remains intact, at least from our side and from customer side. Any 
additional demand that I think customer will communicate to us, and we are hopeful to get a 
significant chunk from that also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishan Parwani from JM Financial. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Congrats on strong set of numbers. A couple of questions from my side. First, on the 
semiconductor JV, I wanted to understand when will you start the sampling from the pilot plant? 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Abhishek Patel: 
So related to Korea JV, as I just mentioned, we have finalized the capex. The location has been 
identified and finalized. So now it's a time for us to quickly move on to the execution of the 
capex. So that is expected to get completed by second half of calendar year 2026. And then by 
end of '26 or early 2027, we should be able to give the production. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Yes. So, understood. I was more referring to, have you kind of made these products in Baba Fine 
Chem or have you worked on these products in your R&D? Or how is it? So that's probably my 
question was from that. 
Abhishek Patel: 
No, no, no. These are completely new products. These are advanced products than what we have 
as of now. Further, more detail, I will not be able to share it as of now, but the technology for 
these products are being bring in by the, our Korean partner. And there, some of the R&D work 
will also be done at Korean site only. 
Naresh Patel: 
I would just like to add in Abhishek's comment is that whatever the Baba Fine Chem products 
which we are doing and selling to, we are not touching that at all for forward integration. 
Whatever we are doing is apart from that. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Okay. That's great to hear, sir. Secondly, just wanted to understand when will revenue 
contribution start from electrolyte additives and new CDMO project? I think you mentioned 4Q 
for the new CDMO, and what about the electrolyte additives? 
Abhishek Patel: 
That is also we are expecting in Q4 only. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Okay. And thirdly on how are things progressing on the ex CDMO products such as Apixaban, 
Rivaroxaban and probably Trazadone as well? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So those products are doing good. As during the first question, as mentioned, the growth in this 
pharma intermediate business is being driven by ex CDMO products and that shows up in our 
numbers as well. So, and as I mentioned, the gross margin is driven by the favorable mix of the 
products. So these are the new products which are contributing in a good number along with the 
existing products who are doing good with the improved margin and this is how the overall 
pharma ex CDMO business is doing well for us. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Okay. That's great, sir. And just the last bit, given we are doing a lot of capex. So just wanted to 
know what is the split of the capex in FY '26 and FY '27, just from the, how much will you spend 
in '26 and '27? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So, capex number, those are similar to what we discussed earlier also. The electrolyte additives 
capex is INR180 crores; pilot plant is INR30 crores and maintenance capex is INR40 crores. 
And this includes some of the capex or infrastructure requirement in electrolyte additives 
segment for the new product also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhara from Valuequest. 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Dhara: 
All my questions are answered, I just have one last question on the margins, the segmental 
margins for Pharma Intermediate and Specialty Chemicals? 
Bhavin Shah: 
So segmental margin for Pharma is around 28% and specialty is around 11%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. 
Jason Soans: 
Congrats on a very good set of numbers. Sir, just wanted to understand one thing. I mean, one 
is that you mentioned that there is a higher other income. And you also mentioned that there is 
a higher foreign exchange gain for you. So, is it possible to quantify that what is the gain number 
in this quarter? 
Bhavin Shah: 
So, in this quarter, we have other income of INR16 crores. So out of that, foreign exchange gain 
is around INR12.5 crores and interest income is INR3.5 crores. 
Jason Soans: 
And sir, just wanted to know, I mean, of course, the electrolyte additive capacity capex will 
actually get commissioned, let's say, by the end of this year, as you mentioned. So, we have 
2,000 tons of VEC and FEC both. Just wanted to know -- you did mention that you are looking 
at an asset turn of 1.5x on the capex. Just wanted to know for '27, do we have a certain volume 
target in mind for this capex out of 2,000, 2,000 how much are we going to looking at a sales 
target or something like that? 
Abhishek Patel: 
I will not put any specific number to it. But just let me give you the update that we now have a 
full visibility on the capex we have planned for 2,000 metric ton of VC and 2,000 metric ton of 
FEC so it will ramp up very fast in FY '27. And in fact, now the next step will be for us to set up 
or find a new capacity to cater the demand traction what we see in the market. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. Sure, sure. And sir, also wanted to know, I mean, you did speak about, of course, there's 
a good traction in the ex CDMO business. How is the pipeline looking, sir, going ahead for the 
core intermediates business also and any long-term contracts? How is the Fermion order scaling 
up? What, how is the visibility looking at going ahead for the API business? 
Abhishek Patel: 
For the ex CDMO business we have good visibility in terms of our product pipeline as we have 
very strong product pipeline, R&D pipeline up to patent expiry of API beyond 2040. So, for 
which we have already developed the intermediate, we have already sampled it. We already 
submitted to customer on a commercial scale. So that gives us the visibility and the confidence 
that our ex CDMO intermediate business will keep growing. 
 
And apart from that, we have a very good pipeline with the originator business also. This is over 
the year we have structured our business and going well over more than 15 years. On the Fermion 
side, this is largely Fermion business is a large portion comes from the CDMO space. 
 
And there, we have for that particular contract, we have long-term contract already been signed 
for the product which has got patent expiry beyond 2033 and most of the geography 2035, long-

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
term supply contract is already in place. So that also gives us a good visibility. And apart from 
that, we have other CDMO business also coming in this financial year and next year as well. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay, sir. And just one last one from my side. Sir, I just wanted to know, of course, you are 
investing quite considerably in the semiconductors business. Now of course, this is towards 
building the semiconductor materials, which goes to the likes of TSMC, the big Samsung and of 
course, ultimately. 
 
But I just wanted to know like from a micro perspective, what, of course, this must be very, very 
critical and a very, very niche segment, a high value-add segment, probably there will be a lot 
of competition also. So just wanted to, if you can give us some color on how you are gearing up 
for this in terms of semiconductor, which can be a huge market for you. But just probably you 
are strengthening some side of R&D. Just could you give us some color on how you are gearing 
up for this? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Good question. So, first thing, our existing business, it is already a proven business, proven 
technology is there, and that is already going into this market. So, we have that technology and 
proven track record already available in this segment. Now it was a matter for us to expand that 
existing product to a newer geography of Korea, Taiwan, Japan market. So, this is how we are 
now progressing or expanding our reach into other geographies. 
 
Now apart from, so apart from now, we are venturing into the next level of technology, and 
which is near to the customers based in Korea and Taiwan. So that we are investing through our 
technology partner based in Korea. And that has got a good team of people who can help us on 
the commercialization of those technology in those newer products. 
Naresh Patel: 
So, I'm just adding that, Abhishek, we are incrementally apart from various product and which 
is already developed by Baba that we are expanding into this area. Okay. And this will start early 
2027, that is the estimate right now, production and everything, as you mentioned earlier. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Shah from Aditya Birla Life Insurance. 
Yash Shah: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers in the first quarter. I have more of a clarification question. 
So, you've mentioned that you've done around capex of around INR180 crores for the battery 
chemical electrolyte additives business. We are going to be doing incremental of INR50 crores, 
as you mentioned earlier. So is it going to be for the same VC and FEC electrolyte or as you 
mentioned that it is for electrolyte additives only. So, what do we require this incremental capex 
for? 
Abhishek Patel: 
All products are in the category of electrolyte additives, including VC and FEC. The additional 
capex, as I mentioned, that is because of the new introduction of new product for which the 
infrastructure building is being done, is going to be done in this financial year. And from next 
financial onwards, we are expecting the new products to start producing and giving the revenue. 
Yash Shah: 
So this will be different from VC and FEC? 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Abhishek Patel: 
Yes. 
Yash Shah: 
Okay. And can you give any kind of an indication, sir, of how much capacity for the new product 
are we planning. 
Abhishek Patel: 
We have not disclosed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Purohit from InvesQ Investment Advisors Private 
Limited. 
Siddharth Purohit: 
Sir, as you rightly said in the opening remarks that a lot of your growth during this quarter has 
come from the non-CDMO pharma intermediate segment. So, when the CDMO thing scales up 
in a couple of years down the line, is it fair to assume that we will further have a much better 
margin profile in those set of products? I'm not asking for guidance, but a broad understanding. 
Abhishek Patel: 
Of course, the CDMO business has the better margin as compared to the ex CDMO pharma 
intermediate business. 
Siddharth Purohit: 
Okay. And within the CDMO, what will be the key 3 therapies that, top 3 therapies that we'll be 
targeting on an incremental basis? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Sorry, I missed your voice. Come again? 
Siddharth Purohit: 
What will be the key products in the CDMO that we will be targeting? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So actually, we have not, we have stopped giving any product level guidance on names. But as 
people already know about one of the CDMO project, which was publicly announced a year 
back. But then we have 3 more projects which are expected to get commercialized by end of this 
financial year and one of that, one of those new projects for one product, we have already 
supplied the validation quantity in Q4 FY '25.So now after regulatory approvals and all those 
things in place, it will start giving us the revenue by H2 FY '26. So those projects are on track 
as per our projection or as per our budget. 
Siddharth Purohit: 
Okay. So, therapy-wise, oncology will continue to be the dominant one, both CDMO and non-
CDMO right? 
Abhishek Patel: 
CDMO – oncology is the dominating therapy. And non-CDMO business, we have 17 therapeutic 
segment, 
which 
includes 
anticoagulant, 
antipsychotic, 
anti-Parkinson, 
antidiabetic, 
cardiovascular as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Oza from Systematix. 
Pratik Oza: 
Just one question from my side. Is there any specific intermediate which we manufacture is used 
in the production of GLP-1 receptor like semaglutide or liraglutide? 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Abhishek Patel: 
No. We do not have any intermediate for GLP-1 product. We do some coupling agents here; for 
GLP. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from AMBIT Capital. 
Prashant Nair: 
Just have one question on your margins. So Naresh Bhai, usually, your first quarter margins are 
the lowest and then it keeps getting progressively better 2Q, 3Q and 4Q. So, should we expect a 
similar trend this year as well, especially on the pharma side? Or would this have changed now 
that your CDMO contract has started? So, would it be more evenly spread? How do we think 
about margins now? 
Abhishek Patel: 
On the revenue side, you rightly said revenue increases sequentially quarter-on-quarter from Q1 
to Q4. Margin side, it's a function of product mix always. And as I mentioned during my 
commentary as well, we are committed to deliver better margin than FY '25 margins that again, 
we are sure to deliver in this financial year as well. 
Bhavin Shah: 
So with a better operating leverage, there is a scope for improving the margin of 50 to 100 basis 
points as compared to full year last year. 
Prashant Nair: 
Okay. Understood. And just one question on the Specialty Chemicals side. So how close are we 
or how much more time in terms of maybe quarters or say years will take to get to a steady-state 
margin profile there where say, peak margins in that business? 
Abhishek Patel: 
See, on a steady-state side, it's always a function of market dynamics. On steady-state side, I'm 
seeing the gross margin in the range of 48% to 50% around. 
Prashant Nair: 
So this is specialty chemicals that you're talking about Gross margin? 
Abhishek Patel: 
No, Overall. 
Prashant Nair: 
Okay. So, my question was on the Specialty Chemicals side. So where do you expect this 
business margins to stabilize? And how long could it take to get there? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Specialty business as of now, it is double digit at EBITDA level. And for that business, we are 
expecting in same kind of territory only. Once the electrolyte additive business picks up, it will 
have a better margin profile than the overall spec chem business. 
Prashant Nair: 
Okay. So basically, starting next year, you should see some pickup happening? 
Abhishek Patel: 
Yes 2027 is the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kalpit Narvekar from EFG. 
Kalpit Narvekar: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, I have 2 questions. So, the first one is, I mean, 
there's a lot of news, flow and noise around tariff and kind of dynamic changes around the tariff. 
So is there any impact that you see of that on the export piece of your business and as well as on 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
the customers, particularly on the CDMO or the API side? And my second question maybe that's 
my first question. I'll go for the second one later. 
Abhishek Patel: 
For pharma side, we have not seeing any impact as of now on either on the demand side or 
pricing side because of particularly the tariff situation. 
Kalpit Narvekar: 
Understood. And neither on the spec chem side, is it? 
Abhishek Patel: 
No, on the spec chem side, as Naresh Bhai mentioned on battery additive side, again, it's a 
regulatory environment which may trigger a further rush for the, in the large industry player to 
scale up the business in the supply line apart from the Chinese supply line. 
Kalpit Narvekar: 
Understood. Sir, my second question is on the electrolyte business, right, where you are doing a 
lot of capex and you mentioned that customer base is from Japan, Korea and Taiwan, et cetera. 
So how are you winning this business? I mean currently, those chemicals, et cetera, are supplied 
by some local suppliers over there or by Chinese suppliers? And what is your kind of competitive 
advantage versus these kind of current suppliers there, right? 
Abhishek Patel: 
On electrolyte additive side, the customer is Japan and Taiwan are customers for our 
semiconductor business, not for electrolyte additive segment. For this segment, largely at present 
the supplies are from China only. 
Kalpit Narvekar: 
Understood. And you're winning this business because you are more cost competitive from them 
versus them? Or is there some kind of move from China Plus One etcetera, that's helping the 
business win? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So, players are diversifying their supply lines from China, and that is where we are targeting a 
small portion of that business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay from AK Investment. 
Akshay: 
Congrats for the excellent set of numbers. My first question is whether there has been any 
revenue from Baba Fine Chemicals in quarter 1? And what is our expectation of revenue in FY 
'26 and FY '27 from this business, semiconductor chemicals business? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So Baba Fine Chem business side, we are expecting kind of similar revenue as compared to last 
year revenue. 
Akshay: 
Sir, what was the last year's revenue? 
Abhishek Patel: 
That is available in our published financial results. 
Akshay: 
Okay. All right, sir. And my second question is we have hinted about 3 CDMO projects that we 
will commercialize by the end of financial year '26, right? So can it be large as much as our 
current CDMO projects in the next 2 to 3 years down the line? 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Abhishek Patel: 
No, no, no. The existing one is a kind of blockbuster product. These are not kind of those 
blockbuster products in the market, but they are, we see the revenue potential of INR50 crores 
to INR100 crores each for those products. 
Akshay: 
And after this commercialization, can we expect that our margins will improve from the FY '27 
onwards? 
Abhishek Patel: 
CDMO business has a better margin compared to ex CDMO business. So as and when the 
revenue composition shifts towards the CDMO business, the margin keeps on improving. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. 
Jason Soans: 
Sir just had a small clarification. You've spoken about these 3 CDMO contracts. Are we looking 
to start it by the end of FY '26? Or are they still in talks? Just could you give me some clarity 
regarding these 3 which are upcoming? You spoke about INR50 crores to INR100 crores each? 
Abhishek Patel: 
As I mentioned earlier, the one CDMO project, we have already supplied the validation quantity 
during Q4 FY '25. And after completion of regulatory process, we are expecting it to 
commercialize by end of this financial year, which is Q4 FY '26 initially for the other project 
also may start from Q4 FY '26. Validation is already going on. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. Okay. So then may come in by Q4 FY '26, all of them, basically, that's what you're saying. 
Abhishek Patel: 
Yes, yes. 
Naresh Patel: 
It depends on the regulatory approval. So, it could probably go to the next year a little bit but 
they're all INR50 crores to INR100 crores. That's the size what you're looking at. 
Jason Soans: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. Sir, first question is on the South Korean investment. So do 
we have this exclusive partnership? And in terms of geographies, are we only looking at Korea 
and Taiwan or we'll be able to market those products across different geographies given that 
even U.S. is now going for semiconductor manufacturing. So can we sell the products across 
different geographies? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So this product is not contained to any particular geography. We are mentioning this geography 
because these are, that is where this industry is located, other it is for worldwide, except India. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Okay. And second, in terms of the structure of this particular business, I mean we have not given 
what is the potential. But from the addressable market size for the chemicals, which will be 
manufactured here, what is the potential size currently, we know that the growth will be probably 
in double digits. But as of now, what could be the addressable market? 

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Acutaas Chemicals Limited 
 July 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Abhishek Patel: 
I do not have a specific number to it as of now, but it's a huge industry, and we are only aiming 
for very few fraction of this industry to begin with. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And just one clarification. These products are already established in the market, and they don't 
need any incremental validation be it the final scale or commercial scale. Is that understood well? 
Abhishek Patel: 
There are some established products as well and some of the new products are also going to be 
there in this business. And of course, this will go through some of those standard procedure 
related to validation and qualification. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Kumar as an individual investor. 
Lalit Kumar: 
Do you want to give your guidance for FY26 like you give for 25% or increase your 
improvement in this guidance? 
Abhishek Patel: 
No, no. We have already given the guidance of 25% during my commentary as well as in this 
commentary and we stick to this guidance. 
Lalit Kumar: 
Okay, sir. So can we expect more growth in coming quarter? Will it remain the same as Q1? 
Abhishek Patel: 
So it's a nature of business sequentially, it gets better and better. And ultimately, we are targeting 
25% growth rate. So sequentially, it will definitely be better than the previous quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Naresh Patel: 
Thank you to the JM Financial team for hosting our conference call. We appreciate everyone's 
questions and hope we have addressed most of your queries. If we missed any of your questions, 
please reach out to our Investor Relations team, and we will get back to you promptly. Once 
again, thank you very much, and good evening to everyone. Have a nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited 
and Acutaas Chemicals Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This document has been edited for readability purposes. 
 
