 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
CIN: L23200MH1992PLC318353 
3B, 3rd Floor, Omkar Esquare, Chunabhatti Signal, Eastern Express Highway, Sion (East), Mumbai - 400022 
Phone +91 (22) 42441100 E-mail:secretarial@asianenergy.com Web:https://www.asianenergy.com 
 
Source to Solutions 
 
Date: 12th September, 2025 
 
To, 
To, 
The Listing Department, 
The Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 530355 
Trading Symbol: ASIANENE 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of the Business Update Call for the proposed Scheme of Merger by 
Absorption. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we would like to inform you that the transcript of the Business Update Call 
with the Investors and Shareholders to discuss about the Scheme of Merger by Absorption 
proposed to be filed under Sections 230-232 read with Section 66 of the Companies Act, 2013 
for Amalgamation of Oilmax Energy Private Limited ("OEPL" or the "Transferor Company") 
with Asian Energy Services Limited ("AESL" or the "Transferee Company" or the "Company") 
and their respective Shareholders ("Scheme") is available on the website at 
www.asianenergy.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
 
Shweta Jain 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: 23368 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
SHWETA 
VAIBHAV 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA VAIBHAV JAIN 
Date: 2025.09.12 
15:32:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Asian Energy Services Limited 
Business Update Conference Call” 
September 08, 2025 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 8th September 2025 will prevail.” 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAPIL GARG – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ASIAN 
ENERGY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. SUMIT MAHESHWARI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ASIAN ENERGY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
SGA, INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – ASIAN 
ENERGY SERVICES LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Business Update Call hosted by Asian 
Energy Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kapil Garg, Managing Director from Asian 
Energy Services Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kapil Garg: 
Thank you. Good morning, and a very warm welcome to everyone joining on this call. Asian 
Energy has always stood at the intersection of technical expertise, the strategic foresight. Over 
the years, we have built a reputation as a trusted partner in the oil and gas and mineral industry, 
delivering seismic surveys, integrated field development, EPC projects, enhanced oil recovery 
and long-term O&M solutions. 
 
Today marks a defining milestone in this journey. The Board of Directors have approved a 
scheme of merger by absorption through which Oilmax Energy Private Limited will merge into 
Asian Energy Services Limited. This merger is a transformational leap towards forward that 
builds a larger, stronger and future-ready Asian Energy, positioning the combined entity to bid 
for large, integrated projects across field development and management, O&M, well drilling and 
related services while strengthening our ability to emerge as one of India's leading integrated 
energy and minerals company, delivering sustainable value to all stakeholders. 
 
The merger will be further bolstered by the addition of Kuiper Group. Earlier this year, we had 
announced the acquisition of Kuiper Group, an oil and gas service company based out of U.A.E. 
And I'm pleased to inform you that earlier this month, the acquisition has been completed. The 
company which is running O&M projects all across the Middle East and Southeast Asia will 
open up opportunities for the combined entity to expand integrated projects across international 
geographies. 
 
Before I move into the transaction details, let me give you a brief on Oilmax Energy Private 
Limited, its journey, business model and the assets it brings into this merger. Over the years, 
Oilmax has created a diversified portfolio of low-cost, low-risk discovered assets with a strong 
focus on onshore and shallow water blocks where unit cost per barrel remains lower, and 
competitive and monetization time lines are short. The strategy has consistently been to avoid 
high-risk exploration, referring assets with proven reserves, quick cash flow generation and 
prudent capital deployment. 
 
The current Oilmax asset portfolio, we have a field in Assam called Amguri, it is producing, and 
the rapid scale-up has been demonstrated in the field. Indrora field in Gujarat, the steady onshore 
production, future development to begin soon. Duarmara and Tiphuk are the 2 fields in Assam, 
both discovered blocks under development, having upside potential. 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
We also have a coal-bed methane block, which is an unconventional gas asset with long-term 
visibility and diversification into mineral resulted into a quartzite block in Uttarakhand. 
Together, these assets provide a balanced mix of producing and development fields across 
hydrocarbons and minerals. 
 
The merger creates a natural synergy between Oilmax's asset ownership and Asian Energy's 
technical and project execution expertise. Oilmax contributes producing and development assets. 
Asian Energy brings proven expertise of seismic, EPC, O&M and enhanced recovery. 
Additionally, Kuiper opens up opportunities to expand our services into international 
geographies. 
 
By combining the 2, along with the Kuiper acquisition, we are building a closed-loop integrated 
platform, spanning exploration, development, production and long-term field management. This 
enables the combined entity to improve execution speed and strengthens operating efficiency 
across a diversified client base spread across multiple geographies. 
 
Looking forward, the merged entity is uniquely positioned to capture opportunities over the next 
5 years. Rising energy and commodity demand, India's rapid economic growth, industrialization 
and technological advancements are driving rising demand for oil and gas and mineral 
commodities to fuel the world's fastest-growing major economy. 
 
Supportive policy environment and reforms, the government of India has been doing 
transformative reforms such as unlocking 99% of CRZ area for exploration and production, the 
Oilfield Regulations and Development Act, along with increasing policy support are driving 
higher domestic production and advancing India's goal of becoming Aatmanirbhar Bharat and 
energy independent. 
 
The third point is increasing private footprint in the industry. Initiatives such as discovered small 
fields, production enhancement contracts and open acreage licensing policy along with national 
monetization pipeline are expanding the private sectors role in the industry with a rising share 
of mineral production helping meet growing demand. 
 
Last point for opportunity is the critical and base minerals in India and across the world. With a 
growing demand for minerals to power new energy industries and enhance self-sufficiency in 
being met through increasing options of base and critical minerals across both India and the 
global market. This positions us strongly not just in oil and gas, but also in minerals, broadening 
our growth runway. 
 
Our progress is already evident. Asian Energy recently secured a INR865 crores order from 
Vedanta, demonstrating our ability to deliver a large complex assignments with scale and 
reliability. The merger is guided by 4 clear objectives: Number one, strategic fit and business 
synergies. The merger integrates strengths across oil and gas, minerals and upstream services by 
combining AESL’s O&M and EPC expertise with Oilmax's reservoir and field development 
capabilities, creating a diversified portfolio that ensures long-term revenue and cash flow 
visibility. 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
Second point is growth and market leadership. This merger creates a leading Indian energy and 
mineral company with a global footprint, providing a stronger platform for expansion, 
sustainable growth and a global competitiveness by enhancing the ability to leverage combined 
assets, technical capabilities and operational expertise. 
 
Third point is operational and cost synergies. It enables economies of scale through shared 
resources and streamlined processes and ensures optimized capital allocation and cash 
management. 
 
Number four is financial strength. The merger results in a strengthened balance sheet with a 
large net worth and asset base, enhancing borrowing capability, reducing cost of capital and 
enabling better capital utilization and financial flexibility to fuel faster growth with improved 
cash flows. 
 
With that, let me now invite our Group Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sumit Maheshwari, to take 
you through the financial aspects of the transaction. Sumit 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone. Let me take through the key financial aspects of the 
proposed merger. In the current structure, Oilmax Energy currently holds 60.83% of Asian 
Energy Services Limited. On the fully diluted basis, it's roughly around 55%. 
 
The merger scheme. Oilmax will be absorbed into AESL. Oilmax shareholding in AESL will be 
canceled. And new AESL shares will be issued directly to the Oilmax shareholders in exchanged 
based on the approved swap ratio. 
 
The valuation parameters. The swap ratio has been determined by independent SEBI registered 
valuer, Bansi S. Mehta Valuers LLP using multiple methodology, risk-adjusted DCF for 
Oilmax-producing and mineral assets plus NAV of Oilmax other assets, market-based approach, 
including the ICDR price line for AESL being a listed company and income and cash flow 
methods wherever applicable. The fairness opinion has been validated by independent advisors, 
ensuring equitable treatment for all the shareholders. 
 
Post-merger impact. Oilmax's indirect shareholding in AESL will be extinguished, and its 
shareholder will hold shares directly into the listed company. All assets, liabilities, contracts, 
employees, approvals of Oilmax will vest into AESL as a going concern. The entire Oilmax will 
be consumed by AESL. Oilmax will stand dissolved without winding up. The scheme is fully 
compliant with the tax and regulatory requirement. 
 
The expected time lines to complete the transaction. The process is expected to take roughly 
around 12 months, subject to approvals from stock exchanges, SEBI, NCLT, shareholders, 
creditors and any other regulatory authorities. Looking ahead, the pro forma merged entity for 
FY '25 reflects the net cash balance sheet, strong EBITDA margin, healthy ROCE and ROE, and 
the financial flexibility to fund the growth to drive the business to the next level. 
 
To summarize, this merger consolidate upstream assets and services under one roof, creating a 
large, more diversified platform with the scale resilience and growth potential. Asian Energy is 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
poised to emerge as a leading integrated energy company in India with the scale, resilience and 
vision to expand its presence globally. 
 
Thank you for joining us today. We will now open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The first question comes 
from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, I just want to understand the integration and the execution side. The merger combines an 
asset-heavy production-focused company like Oilmax with capital-light service-focused 
company Asian Energy? 
 
And what are the specific quantifiable operational synergies beyond streamlined processes? Like 
is there any cultural clash between E&P risk taking mind-set? And is there any project execution 
side and client services? And how we are going to streamline on the integration and execution 
side? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Bala. So to answer your first question, Oilmax business is also not an asset-heavy 
business. As we explained, Oilmax business, we are focused on discovered and developed assets. 
So Oilmax business is also a very asset-light business where conventionally we have focused 
always on -discovered and very low capex business model. So -- and we'll continue to work on 
the similar manner. 
 
Second, in terms of the cultural organization, integration and everything, currently, both of the 
organizations are already working on a couple of the projects together where they are partner in 
Indrora and Asian is already providing services to Oilmax on Amguri, and the senior 
management at a couple of the places are common. 
 
So as a management of both the companies, we'll chalk out the plan for a proper integration of 
both the teams so that the overall synergies comes into the play. And when the merger after all 
the approval gets concluded, both the company's shareholders get benefited. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay. Sir, I think recently, we got Vedanta order. I think this is one of the major catalyst. Could 
you please break down -- detailed breakdown of these projects? And what specific roles Oilmax 
asset expertise and Asian Energy execution capabilities play in these projects? And is this a 
replicable model for future large contracts? And if you could share what is the total addressable 
market for such composite assignments? 
Kapil Garg: 
Here you asked about the Vedanta contract. So Vedanta contract is basically the implementation 
of the full field development plan approved by the Government of India for the field. It includes 
drilling of new wells, build facilities to connect the new wells, and then operate the whole field 
so basically, as I was explaining in my talk earlier, Oilmax brings the subsurface modeling 
expertise and the drilling expertise to the table. 
 
And Asian already has proven expertise in the operation maintenance services. By combining 
the 2 strengths, we have been able to offer this package service to Vedanta. The second part of 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
your question, we would definitely hope that this will result in a highly optimized model, which 
most E&P companies will start following going forward. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. And sir, I think Oilmax Energy's margins are much, much higher compared to Asian 
Energy. I just want to understand how these margins post merger will look like? And is there 
any sensitivity of this margin it depends on like oil prices? 
Kapil Garg: 
I mean the combined entities are going forward, the combined margins are definitely going to 
be superior. As far as our second question is concerned, oil prices, yes, there is some correlation, 
but not exactly correlated. As Sumit was explaining earlier, we focus on low-cost operation 
fields. So we are not very sensitive. And in fact, Vedanta contract, we are neutral to oil price, 
it's a service contract. It has nothing to do with the oil price. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vaibhav Mishra from Finvestors. 
Vaibhav Mishra: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. First, could you please provide the revenue and EBITDA numbers for 
Oilmax Energy for the previous years like FY '23, FY '24? FY '25 you have already given, so 
'23 and '24 could you please? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Vaibhav, we'll provide you separately. Currently, we do not have those numbers handy with us. 
Vaibhav Mishra 
All right, sir, no issue. And second question, sir, is -- like for FY '26, we had targeted revenue 
of around INR650 crores to INR700 crores and EBITDA of INR110 crores to INR120 crores 
for Asian Energy alone. Now with the Oilmax merger, what revenue and EBITDA or EBITDA 
margins we are targeting for FY '26? And also apart from these 2, if we add Kuiper into this, 
then what numbers can we see in FY '26 expected? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
So Vaibhav, as I explained on the call, the merger process will take between roughly around 12 
months to complete. So even if taking the 12 months into the picture, the merger will get 
completed only by next September, October. So FY '26, we will have only Asian numbers. The 
Oilmax numbers will start getting consolidated only post the merger is done. So we'll be able to 
provide those numbers and clarity going forward after that. 
 
And as far as Asian numbers are concerned, we have already provided our guidance earlier, 
which remains the same. And Kuiper, we have completed acquisition only on last week, 1st 
September. So in the due course, we'll revise our guidance, including the Kuiper numbers for 
FY '26... 
Vaibhav Mishra: 
Okay. No issues. Sir, but Oilmax number for FY '26, what we are targeting or what we have in 
sight for Oilmax in FY '26 alone? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
As we are showing a good growth in Asian numbers also from the last year, Oilmax is also a 
growing company. So definitely, Oilmax numbers will be growing. But I think it's slightly 
premature till the merger completion and other formalities gets completed to provide Oilmax 
numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Siddharth Chauhan from Batlivala & Karani Securities. 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Siddharth Chauhan: 
Sir, In terms of Oilmax, just want -- if you can provide some field-level operational details, like 
what is the current production? And how do we see it going ahead as well? Is it possible to share 
these details? 
Kapil Garg: 
Yes, I can give you some basic data. I mean, as I went through the list, we have multiple fields. 
Let's start with Amguri field in Assam. So Amguri as on today produces about 220,000 cubic 
meters of gas per day along with 300 barrels of condensate. And with the workover planned in 
the near future. 
 
The problem in Assam has been, I'm sure you look -- track HOEC and other companies. 
Historically, the problem has been -- the gas has been bottlenecked due to infrastructure or 
pipeline constraint. Later this year, we are hoping to get connected to the Indradhanush Gas 
Grid. And in anticipation, we are looking to ramp up production significantly in Amguri field. 
 
The other field is to Duarmara where drilling is going on. And we anticipate that the field will 
come into production later in the year. Same situation is in the Tiphuk field. Tiphuk field already 
has proven gas and it has wells, which are ready to produce. We are in the process of connecting 
those wells with a workover rig heading there next week. And we are again hoping to bring that 
field into production in the near future. 
 
Indrora field in Gandhinagar is already producing. It's producing about 100 barrels a day. And 
we are going to start a drilling campaign within the next 1 month and start ramping our 
production from there. 
Siddharth Chauhan: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, just wanted to understand in Assam. So is the plan to connect the 
gas pipeline to the DNPL expansion to supply to either Numaligarh or to pass it through to the 
IGGL Phase 1? What is the plan for that, sir? 
Kapil Garg: 
So yes, you're right. I mean, ultimately we'll connect to both DNPL and through DNPL into 
IGGL. So we are looking into 2 tracks. One track is later this year, we will get connected into 
the Numaligarh refinery network and from there, into IGGL. In parallel, Assam Gas Company 
will be laying another line to connect directly to DNPL. 
Siddharth Chauhan: 
Understood. But just to clarify that pipeline… 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Siddharth. Could you please rejoin the queue for further questions? 
Siddharth Chauhan: 
Can I just ask a follow-up and then I'll rejoin for further questions, is it possible? 
Moderator: 
Sure. 
Siddharth Chauhan: 
Just to understand the DNPL pipeline, isn't it a dedicated pipeline? Will we be able to use that? 
Kapil Garg: 
So it's in the process of being converted into open access. And as you must be aware, it currently 
transports about 1 million cubic meter a day, and there's already a plan to expand that to 2.5 
million cubic meters a day. And then there's a feasibility study going on to further increase it to 
6 million cubic meters a day. 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Charvin Chandrashekar from Share India Securities. 
Charvin Chandrashekar: 
So my question was, will there be any effect on the working capital days of this merged entity? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
The working capital day of the merged entity will definitely get reduced because Oilmax is a 
negative working capital business. The oil and gas are being currently sold -- the oil is being 
sold on cash and carry basis. And the gas is a cycle of 15 days billing and the payment of 7 days. 
So Oilmax is a negative working capital company. So it will increase the overall working capital 
-- it will reduce the number of working capital days on the merged entity basis, and it will 
significantly improve the financial position of the company in terms of the assets, net worth and 
other financial leverages and strength. 
Charvin Chandrashekar: 
And another question is, are there any like comparable peers that we can see in this listed space? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
For the combined entity, merged entity, I don't think we have come across any peers. But yes, 
pure peer E&P companies, there are a couple of pure peer E&P companies who operates and 
trades in India. But for a combined entity, unfortunately, in India, there is no combined entity 
which has an ownership of assets also and a significantly large services business also. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pranjali Rao from Niveza India. 
Pranjali Rao: 
Sir, I just wanted to know, are we bidding for any small blocks out there in India for further 
development and production? 
Kapil Garg: 
I mean bidding pipeline, as you would imagine, is a continuous process. And as the opportunities 
come, we continuously evaluate. And if found suitable, we bid for them. So there is currently a 
discovered small field round going, who is open in India, and we're definitely evaluating it. 
Pranjali Rao: 
So if you can throw a number? 
Kapil Garg: 
Number is a very difficult thing. I mean there are multiple fields on offer in the discovered small 
field round, which is going on right now. So it's under evaluation and we still have a few months 
to bid. All I can tell you, there are fields in Gujarat. There are fields in Assam. There are fields 
in Krishna Godavari basin, Bombay offshore. So multiple fields on offer. 
Pranjali Rao: 
So are we going to do something around rare earth metals, like bidding related to that? 
Kapil Garg: 
We are exploring that business, as I mentioned in my talk earlier. We're definitely interested in 
exploring the business. But I wouldn't go too far to say that we are ready to bid. We're learning 
and exploring the business right now. As I mentioned earlier, quartzite mine was a good entry 
for us to understand the business.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vinod Darjee, an Individual Investor. 
Vinod Darjee: 
Sir, congratulations on the merger. I have a couple of questions, especially with respect to the 
valuation that was given to the Oilmax. As per the financial share, the ratio is 50x trailing 
earnings, right? So could you please give us a light on what is our rationale to pay such a high 
multiple, especially for the related promoter group entity that you are merging with? 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Secondly, because of this merger, now the promoter holding will drop to about 46%, 47% or 
you can correct us otherwise. So any plans to do any more fundraising or any intention from the 
promoter to increase their shareholding beyond 50%? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
To answer your first question, the valuation has been done by the independent valuer appointed 
by both the Boards. So they have done the valuation taking all the possible parameters for the 
company. Just to highlight you, as I mentioned on the call also, Oilmax valuation has been done 
by the independent valuers based on the DCF method, which is a risk-adjusted DCF method for 
all the assets along with the proven reserves and potential risk-adjusted factor.  
So they have done the valuation and the fairness opinion has been also provided by a particular 
merchant banker and both are very reputed professionals. So the Board of both the companies 
have accepted their valuation methodology, which is a very conservative valuation approach. 
And to answer the second question, the promoter shareholding in the merged entity on a fully 
diluted basis, after conversion of all the warrants and ESOP, will drop down to 47.3%. It is pretty 
premature to tell right now whether the company will go for the next round of fundraising or 
whether the promoter intend to increase their stake or not.  
Both the companies remain well capitalized and cash flow generated business and sufficient 
assets, and are fully equipped to pursue the next growth for next 2 to 3 years. At appropriate 
time, when the company is growing much faster than what we have anticipated and there's a 
need for the capital, at that point of time, the Board of both the companies will decide which is 
the best way forward for company to capitalize the growth. 
Vinod Darjee: 
This is very helpful. And sir, I think I missed your earlier point. Will it be possible for you to 
share the projections for Oilmax, given that it must have been used in these valuation exercises? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Whatever is permissible as per the laws and everything will be made available into the public 
domain, and that will be made available to all the shareholders and public at large. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Prashant Agarkar, an Individual Investor. 
Prashant Agarkar: 
I'm Prashant. Actually, I have got the answer from the -- all previous questions. So right now, I 
don't have any questions. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, this South Rewa CBM block is under development. I think these blocks have some mixed 
history. What are the specific technical challenges and gas uptake plans for this block? And is 
there any pilot production has been successful at this point of time? 
Kapil Garg: 
This field, like I mentioned earlier, is under development. And it will take about 2.5 years to 
start commercial production from there. So we have looked at all the available data around and 
the block looks very promising. But no test production has started yet. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Thank you. So, on that policy tailwind side, you have mentioned about ORDA 
Bill and MMDR Act and the National Monetization Pipeline. I just want to understand what 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
kind of like a material impact of these policies and what kind of opportunities we have on the 
basis of compliant entity? 
Kapil Garg: 
So, I mentioned about discovered small field policy. I think just two -- some participants asked 
the question, so, I was explaining that we are looking to put in the discovered small field around, 
which is currently open. And some decent-sized fields are also offered in the current discovered 
small field around, which provides significant opportunity to companies like ours. 
As far as the ORDA Act is concerned, I mean there are 2, 3 big advantages, now that it's 
mandated by law, that the fiscal guarantees will be there. In the past, you may be aware that 
government has applied some special taxes, and the oil prices or crude prices went up. But now, 
the ORD Act provides stability to the Act of Parliament, which is very comforting to lot of 
investors. It also provides simpler litigation measures in case there's a problem. So combined 
these 2, 3 things together, has made the sector more attractive for potential investors. 
Balasubramanian: 
Thank you, sir. 
Kapil Garg: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vinod Darjee, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. As, the participant has dropped from the queue, we'll move to the next 
participant, that is Ashwani Agarwal, an individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ashwani Agarwal: 
Yes, I just had a couple of questions first. Firstly, right now, does Asian is employed as an O&M 
or any other service provider on any of the fields of Oilmax? 
Kapil Garg: 
Asian is operating all the oil fields of Oilmax, including Amguri and Indrora, as I mentioned 
earlier. 
Ashwani Agarwal: 
So, after the merger, the revenue of this will not be coming in the books, if I'm correct, but then 
that also means that the margins will increase, right? 
Kapil Garg: 
That is correct. But in any case, those revenues are insignificant compared to the overall top line 
of Asian Energy. 
Ashwani Agarwal: 
Oh, Okay. Okay. And the second question is exactly not related to the merger or the scheme. 
But on the recent GST rate changes, if you can tell a bit about that, what my understanding is 
that the rates have changed a bit from 12% to 18%. Is that correct? 
Kapil Garg: 
Yes, you're right. Unfortunately, the government has changed the GST rate for the oil and gas 
industry from 12% to 18%. But -- now there are 2 aspects to it. We just talked about the contract 
similar to like Vedanta contracts or the third-party O&M contracts we have. There we will be 
cost neutral because the client will pay for the GST. The issue comes when we have the field 
ownership because as you are aware, oil and gas is not covered in the GST. So there, we will be 
looking at changing some strategy and see how we can optimize it. But unfortunately, you're 
right, GST has been increased. 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
And just to add, when the inter-company revenues and services have been provided, by the GST 
is an incremental cost to the companies, so definitely, with the merger of both the companies 
and combining their capabilities, there will be inherent benefit in terms of plugging of the tax 
leakages of inter-company billing and intercompany GSTs. 
And as far as for the overall E&P companies, definitely, that will be an additional cost to all the 
E&P companies, not only to us, but across the sector. And earlier also, those costs have been 
recovered, and we will continue to recover those costs from the clients. 
Ashwani Agarwal: 
Yes. One question was regarding the valuation. As per the presentation, the valuation is 
INR2,500 crores or something. But the new -is it right that we are issuing INR4.22 crores new 
shares? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
So, the overall share, so as we explained to you, the swap ratio is 117 shares for every 10 shares 
of Oilmax held. So, on the fully diluted basis, whatever the Oilmax shares are there on the date 
of merger, those shareholders will be issued new shares. And Oilmax is currently having shares 
of roughly around INR2.72 crores in Asian. So those shares will get cancelled. 
So, on the overall, on the fully diluted basis, including all ESOPs and all warrants conversion, 
the revised capital base of the company will be roughly around INR9.2 crores. So, in the net-net 
basis, the overall incremental shares will be issued roughly around INR4.25 crores. 
Ashwani Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dalpat Mehta from Suncity Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Dalpat Mehta: 
Yes, sir, my query is again, regarding the valuation. So, you have mentioned that you have taken 
the base as the basis given by the registered and approved valuer. So, we can't say more about 
this, but apparently, it seems that the ratio is not justified towards Asian shareholders. Can you 
throw some light or some base that how you have justified this ratio? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
So, sir, the registered valuer had given their valuation. So, we are not a challenging registered 
valuer valuation, but they have followed a very conservative approach, and they have provided 
the necessary discounts of lack of marketability and everything, which are the normal standard 
industry practices to provide the advantage to the retail shareholders of Asian. 
And as I told you, the valuation has been done by based on the discounted cash flow of the assets 
which currently Oilmax owns. So, the valuation has been done by the registered valuer, which 
is the -- and they are very reputed and based on the industry standard practices on a very 
conservative basis. And after providing the necessary benefits and discounts to make it more 
favourable to the Asian retail shareholder, and that's why it has been accepted by both Board of 
the Directors. 
Dalpat Mehta: 
Yes, sir, as I said, we can't argue on the valuation, but apparently, it seems that it is biased for 
the shareholders of Oilmax and not in favour of Asian, because Asian is already listed company 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
and Oilmax is not a value unlocked. It's locked. So, there should be some benefit to the existing 
shareholders. 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
That’s what I told you… 
Dalpat Mehta: 
Whatever you have accepted, I can't argue on that, but it seems that it is not justified. 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Sir, let me repeat to you, the valuation by the registered valuer has been made in the Favor of 
retail shareholders of Asian by providing the necessary conservative parameters for valuing 
Oilmax and providing necessary discounts in the overall valuation of Oilmax to provide a better 
opportunity to Asian retail shareholders and to bring the overall synergy. 
So, I do not want to comment further whether the valuation is justifiable or not, but definitely, 
the valuation has been done in the favour of Asian retail shareholders by providing the necessary 
conservative valuation standards and discounts to the market practices to provide a better 
opportunity upside to Asian retail shareholders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from the line of Vinod Darjee, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Vinod Darjee: 
Thank you for the opportunity once again. A follow-up question to the questions that I had raised 
earlier. As part of this deal, is there any debt or guarantees or contingent liabilities that we will 
be inheriting from Oilmax to Asian Energy? And if so, what is our repayment plan? Or how are 
we thinking about this? 
Kapil Garg: 
So, there are no contingent liabilities in Oilmax books. In fact, Oilmax has provided guarantees 
in excess of INR150 crores to various bankers to support Asian Energy banking facilities and 
everything. 
So -- and Oilmax is a cash-rich company. It's a net cash company. So, the entire company will 
get consumed in Asian. So, there is no additional liability will be coming to Asian books. And 
the Oilmax corporate guarantees, which Oilmax has provided to support Asian business and 
Asian growth, will -- once the company gets merged, so then those corporate guarantees with 
get canceled because the lenders and everyone will have a direct access to Oilmax cash flow 
there. 
Vinod Darjee: 
Correct, correct very helpful. And sir, a related question, is it possible to share any other 
financials beyond what is there in the investor presentation? I know I touched upon this in the 
earlier question. You said that since it's a cash-rich company, is it possible for you to share any 
metrics? Or I think you've shared what you've been allowed as per the regulations? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
We'll discuss with our advisors. And whatever is allowed as per the regulation will be shared 
with all the public shareholders. 
Vinod Darjee: 
Sure. And the last question, how -- does the Kuiper acquisition gets impacted positively because 
of this merger that we are proposing? Just trying to see how should we look at the Kuiper 
acquisition that you did? 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
So, as we told you, the Kuiper acquisition, which has recently concluded on 1st September, 
which provides us a global platform to expand our O&M services across the clients, which being 
served by the Kuiper. And with the Kuiper acquisition coming into fold and we are taking 
Oilmax technical capabilities also merging with the companies. Now we are looking to expand 
our customer base across globe getting out from the current India-centric O&M expertise also. 
And definitely, in a longer run, maybe after 6 months, 1 year, we will see the business aspect 
getting improved because of this and the Kuiper being a reputed company operating in various 
jurisdictions from last 10, 20 years will definitely help us in terms of expanding the overall 
Oilmax and Asian combined technical capabilities to the client currently being served by Kuiper 
only for a specific service. 
Vinod Darjee: 
Thank you. And if I may squeeze in the last question or I can then join back the queue. There 
are certain other shareholders as well in Oilmax beyond the promoters that we have. So will 
there be any lock in or… 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we've lost the participant, and that was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Kapil Garg: 
We would like to thank all the participants for the questions they had. If there are any further 
questions, please reach out to us, and we're very happy to answer. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Asian Energy Services Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
