RAYMOND REALTY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Jekegram, Pokhran Road No.1, Thane (W)- 400 606. 
CIN: L41000MH2019PLC332934 | Tel.: +91 22 6837 3700 | Website: raymondrealty.in | Email ID: raymondrealty.corporate@raymond.in 
 
 
 
 
RRL/SE/25-26/11 
August 12, 2025 
 
To, 
The Department of Corporate Services – CRD,  National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip Code: 544420 
Symbol: RAYMONDREL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Raymond Realty Limited: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Investor 
Conference Call Transcript. 
 
Ref: Raymond Realty Limited (ISIN: INE1SY401010). 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), we enclose herewith the transcript of the 
conference call held on August 06, 2025, with respect to the ﬁnancial results of Raymond 
Realty Limited for the ﬁrst quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
This transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.raymondrealty.in in terms of Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Raymond Realty Limited 
(formerly known as Raymond Lifestyle Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Hiren Sonawala 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
Hiren 
Jaidev 
Sonawala
Digitally signed 
by Hiren Jaidev 
Sonawala 
Date: 2025.08.12 
14:42:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Raymond Realty Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 06, 2025 
 
  
 
     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARMOHAN SAHNI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – RAYMOND REALTY 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – RAYMOND REALTY LIMITED 
 
MR. ANKUR JINDAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
RAYMOND REALTY LIMITED 
 
MR. JATIN KHANNA – HEAD CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT – RAYMOND REALTY LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNNY DESA – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
RAYMOND REALTY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. CHETAN MAHADIK – SYSTEMATIX GROUP 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Raymond Realty Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Systematix Group. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chetan Mahadik from Systematix Group. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Chetan Mahadik: 
Thank you, Bhavya. On behalf of Systematix Group, I would like to welcome all the participants 
in the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Raymond Realty Limited. Today, we have with 
us from the senior management of the company, Mr. Amit Agarwal, Group CFO, Mr. Harmohan 
Sahni, MD and CEO, Mr. Ankur Jindal, CFO, Mr. Jatin Khanna, Head Corporate Development 
and Mr. Sunny Desa, Head Investor Relations. 
 
Without taking further time, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Harmohan. Over to you, 
sir. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I presume that 
everyone's gone through the financial results and our investor presentation which has also been 
uploaded on stock exchanges, as well as our company website. 
 
I'm also pleased to share with you that the listing of real estate business happened on 1st of July 
'25 post the demerger. The scheme became effective from 1st of May '25 and the record date 
was 14th of May 2025. 
 
And for the purpose of determining the eligible shareholders of the demerged company, the 
equity shares in the resulting company would be allotted. The exchange ratio is 1:1 as you are 
all aware. 
 
Coming to our quarterly performance, our results have been in line with our expectation. The 
previous year Q3 and Q4 which was FY '25 were really bumper years -- bumper quarters for us 
and we got more than expected sales in those two quarters. 
 
So, when we started the year, we already had achieved about 45% growth in the last year while 
we had budgeted for only 20%, 25% growth. So as a result of that, when we started the current 
year, we had very low inventory levels and as you know, to reintroduce inventory, we have to 
get approvals and RERA registration done and that is the situation we were in. 
 
In Thane, 91% of our inventory was sold out when we started the year. In Bandra, 50% of our 
inventory was sold out when we started the year. So as a result, Q1 numbers are what they are, 
and they are completely in line with our expectation and Q2 will also follow a similar trajectory 
as Q1 because most of our launches which are the new JDAs which we would be launching are 
all in Q3 and Q4 and I will share a little more of that in detail a little later. 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
In the current fiscal year, what we have planned for the second year is we will have at least 3, 4 
launches which will be by March which will happen. Then 1, 2 more launches will be in Q1, Q2 
of next year. So, there is a line-up of new launches and projects that we have got. 
 
Even in Thane, we would be introducing more inventory. In fact, this week itself we are 
launching two more buildings. We have got the approvals as well as the RERA registration done. 
So that's about INR1100 crores worth of inventory, about 318 units we will be introducing in 
the market. 
So, we have a significant amount of pent-up demand where people are waiting, and we didn't 
have enough inventory as well as the choice of apartments to offer to customers. So, it's like 
quarter two while it will be in line with Q1, but it will have activity in terms of new inventory 
that we have got. 
 
So, we are quite optimistic that in second half we will remain firmly on track to achieve all the 
guidance and the commitment that we have given to all of you for the full year. The markets 
remain strong for MMR and Thane both. They continue to be high growth corridors as well as 
our demand patterns have not changed from the last year, year and a half. 
 
And they continue to be strong. The construction momentum across all our launch projects both 
in Thane and Bandra is progressing well. We are ahead of schedule in all our projects as has 
been our track record from the time we started this business. So, we will continue to underwrite 
timely delivery and adherence to high-quality standards. 
So going forward we remain quite optimistic that this growth in the real estate market will 
continue and as a result we will be beneficiaries of this growth in the market as we have been. 
And our track record will keep bringing us good results that we've been showing, and our project 
pipeline is quite strong. 
Several developments are slated for Q3 and Q4 in the upcoming quarters and we will continue 
to follow our strategy of asset-light business model through the JDA rule, and we hope to deliver 
a 20% year-on-year growth for booking values and this is our minimum commitment, and we 
are on track to deliver that for the current year also. 
 
With that I thank you for joining for the call and we will now open the line for questions. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Naresh from Systematix Group. 
Naresh: 
I want to know clarification in the current result for full year FY25 we have mentioned INR565 
crores revenue and if you see the last quarter March quarter result on page number 14 you have 
mentioned INR2,351 crores. So just want to know why there is so much difference. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Can you repeat the question? It was not very clear. 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Naresh: 
In the current result page number 8 you mentioned for full year FY25 revenue was INR565 
crores and last quarter March 2025 you have mentioned on page number 14 the total revenue is 
INR2,351 crores. So want to understand why there is so much difference in that? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Just give us a moment. 
Management: 
This difference is because you mentioned last year in Raymond Realty published results. We 
only have results of the subsidiary which is Ten X Realty because it was not a separately 
demerged entity. So, if you want to really see like-to-like results you have to refer the investor 
presentation that we have issued. 
 
The statutory results do not have the real estate undertaking or the division which was part of 
Raymond Limited on a consolidated basis included. So therefore, your reference point is not 
correct. 
Actually you know so yeah so you have to one second so that's why we have also published in 
our results -- no this is quarter only -- talking about the Pune number -- okay so we haven’t 
published in this but what you see in the investor presentation page number 22 is a like-to-like 
so that INR2,351 crores which you are referring to that on a quarterly basis is the Q1 FY25 on 
page number 22 of our investor release. 
Management: 
Yeah, INR488 crores. 
Management: 
INR488 crores. That's a like to like number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors Private 
Limited. 
Dixit Doshi: 
One question is regarding the future potential of the Thane land. So, there was a judgment for 
the approval process, EC approval yesterday from Supreme Court. So how does that you know 
impact or benefit us and whether the future EC will be now done through state government for 
our projects, or it will go to central government? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yeah, so that judgment which came out yesterday is more clarificatory in nature. It does not 
bestow any additional benefit to anyone because there was an injunction earlier on any 
environment approval which you needed for certain projects and the confusion was whether you 
had to go to center or you had to go to state, and both were referring to each other. So that has 
been clarified because the injunction has been lifted now. 
 
So, all the projects which have been pending approval will go to the state government and which 
has been the process right from the beginning. So essentially it restores status quo for all the 
projects in the state of Maharashtra and in MMR and for us there is no neither additional benefit 
nor there is any detriment. So, we remain in the same place. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay and just one clarification on this. So, some of the newspaper articles today mentioned that 
it goes to state government if the project falls between 20,000 square meter to 1,50,000 square 
meter. So, our land size is much larger. 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yeah, but all approvals will be from the state level itself. Only ones which go to center are which 
are within 5 kilometers of eco sensitive zones that falls in the purview of central government 
and none of our projects are like that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Mr. Chetan Mahadik from Systematix Group. 
Chetan Mahadik: 
My question is on a margin. Sorry about the margin dipped in Q1, say due to mature projects 
tapering out. Apart from this were there any cost overruns during the quarter? And as new 
projects scale up where do you see a steady state EBITDA margin stabilizing? And will it be 
around 20% or higher than that? 
Management: 
Definitely we are going to achieve the same because in the initial period the EBITDA margin 
are low but as the project is progressing the EBITDA margin is going up. So, we will make up. 
So, the 20% margin what we have committed will align with that. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So, if you see the previous year also from Q1 to Q4 the trend if you see as the projects start to 
mature the pricing and percentage completion changes. And the benefit of all the launch 
expenses starts to accrue later because what happens is whenever we launch a project, so the 
margin goes down. 
And then because in this quarter we had two towers of our Bandra project which were launched 
and the benefit of that will continue to accrue for rest of the year. So, 20% margin what we have 
achieved in the previous year you can expect a similar margin in this year also from us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pushpendra Chand, an Individual Investor. 
Pushpendra Chand: 
So, the question is in couple of interviews what I heard from Mr. Singhania is that he was saying 
we are expecting to grow on a top line of 20% and around the same 20% plus in our margin also. 
So that would be the annual growth projection what he was talking in some of the interviews. 
So, after this tepid Q1 on an yearly basis are we still holding the same guidance for the complete 
year? That is the first question? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yeah, absolutely we are completely holding like I mentioned in my opening remarks that this is 
the Q1 is as per our expectation and there is no surprise as far as we are concerned. Maybe 
markets are doing a comparison with the corresponding quarter and there is going to be a settling 
in period relating to that. But as far as we are concerned, we are completely on track of achieving 
20% growth rate for the year. 
Management: 
See you have to see this in context of your performance because if you see in quarter one of last 
year, we were at about INR500 crores. This year we are at about INR400 crores revenue. So 
obviously that INR100 crores revenue which is dropped has resulted into your negative 
operating leverage. 
 
But like Harmohan said that we have lot of launches coming in Q3 and Q4. So automatically the 
business momentum will pick up. We have more projects coming up in Thana also which we 
spoke about in the next week or so. So as the year progresses you will see margin coming back. 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Pushpendra Chand: 
Yeah, I think that is much-much comforting for a shareholder because when we compare it, we 
see a lot of deep in this and then yeah. So, the second question is how do you see the JDA? Since 
now this is more like a transition year for us. We are moving from self-owned land to a more 
like a JDA model. So, the proportion of JDA will increase. So how do you see the blended 
margin moving forward? So, Thane plus JDA put in together? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yeah, both the margins put together on a blended basis will be in the range of 20%. And that's 
how we have underwritten all the JDAs. And as of now with the market the way it is we will 
probably do slightly better than our underwriting. So, it will be around 20%. 
Pushpendra Chand: 
And another thing when I was comparing with our peers like who are into the redevelopment 
project likes of say Arcade or probably, we have Sunteck Realty and all. I see their margins are 
it may vary but it's closer to 25 plus percentage. Are we doing something different that our 
margins are relatively lesser than our peers when we compare it with say Lodha or Arcade or 
some of our peers? Any thought on this Mr. Harmohan? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yeah. So, for that I would request you to give us some time because we are also very young 
compared to the names that you took. They have been in the business 25-30 years. And we've 
been in the business 5-6 years. We have built our team. Our scale is still building up. And once 
we hit a scale which will be towards the end of this year from next year onward, we will start 
seeing improvement in that. 
Pushpendra Chand: 
Right. And one comparative study when we are doing -- companies usually one of the parameters 
that has been used for evaluation is EBITDA which varies for most of the companies in the range 
of 6 to 20. When we check with Raymond Realty we are operating at or trading rather at maybe 
8, 9 within that band. 
 
So, a gross maybe 40%-50% discounting is what market is offering to Raymond Realty. I'm not 
sure what is the reason but is there any corporate governance related issue or anything like that? 
I'm not sure what’s the reason for so much of a discounting that market is offering. 
Whichever evaluation parameter we take, and we compare it with any other peers. So, any 
thought on this Mr. Harmohan? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So, see that's really a question for the market participants and not for me. But I will still attempt 
it. My hypothesis would be that it's a question of market waiting to see how our track record 
builds today. 
 
I mean in the current year. Because what so far, we have shown our track record on our Thana 
land and one JDA project which is the Bandra one. And which has been pretty good even though 
I am saying it. 
 
But when I talk to market participants, they tell me the same thing. And we have almost 5 other 
projects which are waiting to be launched. And out of that 3-4 will be launched this year. 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
So, my hypothesis is that market is waiting to see how we launch them. Whether we will be able 
to maintain the same track record which we have. And that could be a reason why they are 
looking at a discount just now. 
 
Because they want us to prove ourselves and rightly so. I mean that's my two bits. But really this 
is a question market participants can answer better. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from Yes Securities. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
So, can you just elaborate in terms of pricing for the MMR market and what kind of escalation, 
or you may see some pause happening now for a couple of years since we have seen a decent 
uptake already which has happened. So just your view on the pricing for this market? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
You know the markets that we are in currently and the ones we are tracking are of course the 
Thana market where we have our substantial land and the Bandra market. And now the new 
exposures that we have taken which is Wadala, Sion and Mahim around that area. So around 
BKC and Thana is where we are currently. 
 
We've got our exposure and those are the markets we are actively tracking. And we have not 
seen any crazy price increases in the last year or so in all these markets. There have been price 
increases but there have been more in. 
 
So, let's start with Thana. Thana in the last year we saw a price increase of about 6%-7%. In the 
current year also, we see about 6% to 7% price increase and nothing more than that. So, it's been 
pretty healthy. 
And when I look at Bandra, Bandra also has given us a similar 6%-7% increase in the last year. 
Current year we probably see a 5% increase in Bandra and not more than that. At least that will 
be our endeavor because we want markets to remain healthy and we are quite disciplined when 
it comes to pricing. 
While we are opportunistic in taking exposure, but we want to make sure that wherever we have 
exposure we are there for the long term and don't go crazy on the pricing. And it takes just one 
or two players to be disciplined for the entire market to remain disciplined. 
 
And the other markets where we are Sion as well as Wadala and all there also the pricing is quite 
stable. And we have seen similar kind of price increases not more than 5%-7%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shashi Ranjan from Anandan Capital. 
Shashi Ranjan: 
The question I have is two in number. First one is, what is the current value of the land bank 
held under Raymond Reality and what is the percentage of this is under litigation if any? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Actually, the value of the land that we hold is going to be relevant only from the point of view 
of the Thana land that we have. Rest of our all our exposures are JDAs and there is no real value 
of land that we have over there because these are all performance contracts that we have. And 
none of the land that we hold has got any kind of litigation in Thana and even the JDAs where 
we have contracted there is no pending litigation which is there. 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
And the Thana land is the historical land. So, it virtually has very low value. It is not even worth 
mentioning on the balance sheet. I mean I am not talking about market rate. I am talking about 
book value. 
Shashi Ranjan: 
So just a clarification on this that I assume that most of the business Raymond Reality will be 
getting into will be through JDA model? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
That's right. In fact, that's our stated strategy that we want to remain asset-light going forward 
and all our exposures going forward will be under the JDA model. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Pvt Ltd. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Good evening to the management. My question is a bit of a telescopic view. So, with INR40,000 
crores in GDV and a strong pipeline of JDA, how is Raymond Reality planning to evolve its 
brand identity and customer experience over the next five years to seven years? And beyond 
scale, are there specific designs, sustainability or tech-led innovations that could position 
Raymond Reality as a differentiated player in the premium real estate space? Yes. That's it. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
I am really glad that you asked that question because there is a lot of work, we are doing in all 
the areas that you mentioned. In fact, we are one of the few real estate companies who have a 
dedicated function to customer experience. And we have a Chief Customer Experience Officer 
who actually ties up all the various departments and makes sure that the customer experience is 
going to be stellar going forward and in the present. 
So that's as far as customer experience is concerned. Use of technology also is one big focus 
area for us. Currently, if you see, we are using all the cutting-edge tools which are available 
including the use of AI for marketing and sales that we do. For customer, we use SFDC and for 
accounting and all the other we are currently using S/4HANA and we will be upgrading very 
soon on the SAP system. So, we will remain cutting edge as far as technology is concerned. 
On the ESG front, in any case, being a listed entity, there is a lot of onus on us to meet all the 
ESG requirements. But beyond that also, within our operations, we have an ESG cell which 
really focuses a lot on environmental issues as to how to keep our products which are 
ecologically sensitive forward in the future, as well as all the current products, so that neutrality 
in terms of carbon footprint is as close to zero as possible. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jagdish B, an individual investor. 
Jagdish B: 
Yes. Sir, since you mentioned about the market is well and good, and the bookings are also 
happening fine. And since RC is a very new company compared to our peers and we have a lot 
of land bank and GD value as well. So, I mean, launching the project delay, I mean, delays in 
the launching project, right? Would it really put us in backward compared to our competitors or 
-- yes, so, I mean, we are a new company, and we want to achieve more, right? So, we should 
be doing with the planning and launching the project in time, that would -- yes, so that, I mean, 
what is your intake on that? Like, should we -- how are we planning to have the launches of the 
projects in line without any delays compared to the market competitors? 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes. That's a great question. In fact, that's one of the things that we set out to solve in the industry 
when we started this business. So, two, three things that we are trying to tackle. One is, of course, 
the quality product, which is there to improve the quality. Second is timely delivery to the 
customers. And the third is that we want to create a business which is high on IRRs and cash 
flows. And that would necessitate that the projects we take on, the time to market is the shortest 
possible. 
And so far, we have achieved that in all the projects that we have taken on. And very happy to 
share that we have one of the shortest possible times to market for all the projects that we have 
signed. So, there is an acute focus on launching projects on time. And from signing of the new 
project to the launch, we don't go beyond 18 months to 24 months, which is the fastest in the 
industry than other players. And very few players are actually able to achieve that. A lot of 
players take three years to five years to launch a project from the time they sign. But, yes, we 
are one of the quickest in terms of launching the project. And your question is very astute and 
sharp question. 
Jagdish B: 
Yes. And should we expect, I mean, there won't be any delays in the H2, right? Like what we 
intend to launch, will it go as planned? Or is there any possibility that it will be pushing towards 
H1 of this year -- financial year, sir? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So, as of now, we are not anticipating any delays in launch of projects. So, everything is on 
track. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siyaram, an individual investor. 
Siyaram: 
Yes. Hello. My question is regarding to the JDA projects that has been given in the presentation 
about INR14,000 crores. My question is that how much is the Raymond Reality share in those? 
That is first one. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
It's about INR11,500 crores approximately. 
Siyaram: 
And by how much time do we expect to complete this project? Like in how much time in 
timeline? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes. All the projects cumulatively between five years and six years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pushpendra Chand, an individual investor. 
Pushpendra Chand: 
Yes. Another question that I was asking is, Bandra 2 launch, are we expecting in H2 of this 
financial year? Any thought on this? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So, one Bandra is already in the market. The second Bandra, we are quite advanced in terms of 
approvals. So, it is completely on track for an H2 launch. In fact, it will be early H2 and not later 
H2. 
Pushpendra Chand: 
And the Wadala 1 where the size of the opportunity is INR5,000 crores, also getting launched 
this year? 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes. It is. In fact, there also we are very advanced in terms of approvals and planning and 
everything. Some of the significant approvals we already have in hand because it was already a 
late-stage project when we got into it. So, our time to market there would be quite early compared 
to some of the other projects because of the stage that we got involved into it. So, it is a definite 
yes for a launch in H2. 
Pushpendra Chand: 
Okay. And in some of the interviews I had found you were saying that usually Q1 and Q2 is 
when there are no launches because being a lean period. So, henceforth, shall we expect that our 
Q1, Q2 would continue to be weaker, and it will more be heavy sided on H2? Will that be a 
trend, or will we achieve some kind of a linearity also going forward as we move on in more 
number of projects? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
See, it will definitely improve from what it is today when we have more number of projects on 
the plate with us. But this seasonality in the business will remain and it is there with all the 
players if you see, because it involves auspicious days, it involves festive period. So, the first 
half essentially of the year, you have summer vacations, you have monsoon in Bombay. 
So, all these factors play a role. So, the number of launches is also less, as well as people's 
propensity to buy is also very different, because of the factors that I mentioned, auspicious days, 
as well as the festive season. So, there will be some kind of a trend which will continue in terms 
of seasonality. But it will improve from what you see now because the number of projects will 
be more. 
Pushpendra Chand: 
Okay. And very recently, two of your peers got listed like Kalpataru and Lotus, and their margin 
bankers are valuating them as I said last time also 16 to 20 within that band. Do we need to do 
something differently so that at least we get our fair valuation in the market? Your opinion on 
this? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Like I said, it's very difficult for me to opine on and this is really a question for the market 
participants. But we have to stick to our knitting really if we continue to show growth with 
healthy margins and our game is really a ROCE game and the IRR game. Today if you see, we 
have the highest ROCE of all the players put together. I mean so far cumulatively we have 
delivered 26% ROCE. Going forward also we will continue to deliver more than 20% ROCE. 
Once the market sees this consistently over a one-year period about six quarters or so, 
automatically I think it will be difficult for the market to ignore us. 
Management: 
Also, with so many launches coming up in H2 and maybe one or two in H1, there is a very strong 
growth momentum which you will see in the business. So, obviously, one is the return ratio, 
other is the growth momentum. When both of that play out… 
Pushpendra Chand: 
Yes. 
Management: 
And as investors you start seeing it, automatically this undervaluation will disappear. 
Pushpendra Chand: 
Yes. Because we have already seen the way the market has been responding and the way the 
company has been treated in the market research space. So that's where the worry is because it 
got listed at INR1050 and then continuously it is falling and now it is close to around almost 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
40% -- I think 40% value has already been gone away. While the valuations and everything is 
attractive, do we need to do something differently so that at least the kind of brand and name 
that we have, the market reckons about it. So that was the concern which I raised from a 
shareholder’s point of view. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Do you have any suggestions? 
Pushpendra Chand: 
Honestly, I don't. Because… 
Management: 
To be honest, as an organization, we can give you two things. 
Pushpendra Chand: 
Yes. 
Management: 
One is good growth, second is good return. Return ratios are unparalleled. I mean, our ROCE is 
highest in the entire real estate industry. At the same time, we are set for a very strong growth 
given that there are five projects being launched on top of, let’s say, I would say, three location 
-- I mean, broadly two locations. And there are five different locations being launched. So now, 
if business is set for strong growth, return ratios are strong, I mean, it's a matter of time that 
market sees through it, and therefore, starts -- gives you the right value. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
I think market is just waiting to see how it plays out for the next one or two quarters. 
Pushpendra Chand: 
Yes. Probably I think the margin volatility is also something which I think that can be also a 
reason. So, we'll wait for subsequent quarters where things will improve from here on. And best 
of luck to all of you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Madhav from Emerge Capital. 
Madhav: 
Hi. Just a couple of things. First, do you see any issues with respect to the pending collection? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
None whatsoever, because we barely have any outstanding amount, whatever is due gets 
collected. On an average, when we review it on a monthly basis, the collection ratios are almost 
97%, 98%. So, there is no concern at all there. 
Madhav: 
Understood. Secondly, sir, to understand what kind of segment are we targeting? Is it like the 
mid-segment or premium segment or ultra-luxury segment that we are targeting? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes. So, our stated strategy has always been, and we've stuck to it. Mid to premium is the 
segment that we are targeting. And that is what we've been doing. We are not going for ultra-
high value, and we are not going for affordable bottom of the pyramid as well. 
Madhav: 
And the last, in a long-term view, where geographically, where do we see us growing? Is it going 
to be in that Maharashtra region, or do we plan to expand elsewhere? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So, we are currently looking at MMR and Pune, and these are the only two markets we are 
limiting ourselves to. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay from GM. 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Akshay: 
Hi, sir. So, my question is on your JDA projects and your guidance on the ROCE. Like currently 
we are doing a ROCE of 26% and you are guiding for a 20%. So just wanted to understand from 
the JDA projects, what ROCE are you expecting? And just wanted to understand, for this 
INR14,000 crores potential, how much will be our investment in working capital and how much 
net profit can we expect from these six existing projects? Yes. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
See, our margin profile guidance that we have given is about 20% now and going forward also. 
And you should look at it on an annual basis. And that's what we have delivered in the past and 
we'll continue to deliver that. So that should give you an idea on all the margins that we've got. 
As far as the ROCE is concerned, we are saying that you can expect a minimum 20% ROCE 
from us. All the new projects that we have signed, the JDA projects are all in the range of 20% 
to 25% IRRs. So, the ROCEs will be in line with that. Is there anything I missed out or? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ujwal Lal, an individual investor. 
Ujwal Lal: 
Hello. So, my first question is, how much incremental GDV are we targeting to sign annually 
through JDAs? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
See, our annual targets are between INR6,000 crores to INR10,000 crores worth of projects we 
should be signing on an average each year and that should be enough for these markets. And 
there could be some bumper years also. But, yes, that's what we are targeting for. 
Ujwal Lal: 
Okay. And just another question on capital allocation. Like, do you think, given that we are 
generating significant cash from Thane projects and the valuations at which our stock is currently 
trading, it would be prudent to do a buyback as it would also signal confidence and aid 
shareholder returns? Any thoughts on this? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So, see, we are such a young organization. The business itself is five years old, and it got listed 
only a few months back. So, I don't think buyback is something we are considering. In any case, 
buyback is not tax efficient from the shareholder's point of view or the company's point of view 
in any case. So, you would see very few companies taking that route in anyhow. 
But for us, it's really early days. We have to reinvest everything into the business and make the 
business grow. Because there is a huge opportunity for this business in our country. Currently, 
it's about 7% of India's GDP, this industry and it is slated to grow and double in the next 10 years 
to 12 years, because of the economy growing and the affluence growing and the rate of that. So, 
there is a huge opportunity that we have to tap into. 
Management: 
Also, if you see our capital -- from a capital allocation standpoint, we have five projects coming 
up in the next one year. So, our capital is better spent to actually launch those JDAs. Like 
Harmohan said that we could sign another INR6,000 crores to INR10,000 crores project every 
year. So, our capital is currently better spent there. So long as we are getting 20%, 25% IRR 
projects, we would rather allocate capital there than trying to sort of buyback or something like 
that to do a re-engineering of share price. 
I think from a confidence standpoint to my mind, I mean, frankly, if you see most of the listing 
post-demerger, you see a drop initially and then you see an artistic growth in the share price. See 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
business is strong, return ratios are strong. So, I don't think so we should allocate our capital into 
financial engineering versus the business which can give us very good return. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shashi Ranjan from Anandan Capital. 
Shashi Ranjan: 
Any plan of Raymond Reality getting into maintenance business after the completion of the 
project? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Well, we already have an entity which looks after maintenance after the handover of the project, 
and it can continue to do so if society desires that. But for the first two years, in any case, we are 
doing it with that entity. So that's already in existence because that's part of our customer 
experience initiatives that we have taken on because post-delivery experience is the moment of 
truth. That's where the rubber hits the road. So, it's very critical for us and that's why we've got 
this entity. It's called Rayzone. It's 100% subsidiary of Raymond Reality. 
Shashi Ranjan: 
Just a clarification and follow-up on this. I understand that Raymond Reality is just five years to 
six years old. So, this Rayzone that you mentioned, they are into this maintenance business from 
last -- what is the experience that this Rayzone holds when it comes to maintenance? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So, for the time being, it is only going to do the projects that we are handing over and we are not 
taking on other people's projects for the time being till we have a sizable portfolio which gets 
built in Rayzone. So, we've got five buildings which have been handed over in one of our 
projects, 10X Habitat. And this year, we've got another project which is getting handed over 
which will be managed by Rayzone. 
Shashi Ranjan: 
When I try to understand the margin of Rayzone and Raymond Reality separation then which 
one has got the better one -- better margin? This is my last question. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Rayzone is a service provider. And in the first two years, three years, we'll be happy if it breaks 
even. And the margin, of course, it's not a loss-making entity. But it is currently breaking even 
with these few contracts that it has. And maybe for the next one year or two years, it will break 
even. And after that, it will have margin. But it's a service organization. The margins in this 
business are not more than 10%-11%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Jawahar, an individual investor. 
Akshay Jawahar: 
Hi. I just had one clarification that I wanted. The FY ‘25 revenue was about INR2,300 odd crores 
and are we expecting a 20% growth in that number, or have I got that wrong? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
No. That's correct. 
Akshay Jawahar: 
And on a steady-state basis, the operating margins would be about 20%, of course, adjusting for 
any new project being launched, right? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Right. 

 
 
Raymond Realty Limited
 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Akshay Jawahar: 
Okay. One last question. On the Q2 numbers that -- we're basically expecting it to be in line with 
Q1 ‘26. So, would that broadly be a ballpark number of INR400-odd crores, or would it be plus 
or minus 10%? How much? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
See, that will be a forward-looking statement and we don't have a policy of commenting on that. 
But, yes, I've already said enough on this. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Harmohan Sahni for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Thank you so much for being on the call and going through the entire process and look forward 
to seeing you in the next quarter's call. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Raymond Realty Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
