 
 
September 12, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code: MSUMI 
Scrip Code: 543498 
 
 
Ref.: Transcript of Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 2025   
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s) 
 
This is further to our letter dated September 6, 2025, whereby the Company had submitted the link to 
the audio and video recording of the Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 2025 (“Meet”) held on 
September 5, 2025. 
 
The Transcript of the Meet is attached and available on the Company’s website at 
www.mswil.motherson.com. The same is submitted pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Para 
A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 
2015.    
 
The above is for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
Pooja Mehra  
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India) 
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L29306MH2020PLC341326 
E-mail: investorrelations@mswil.motherson.com  
website: www.mswil.motherson.com  
 
POOJA 
MEHRA
Digitally signed by 
POOJA MEHRA 
Date: 2025.09.12 
18:36:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 36 
Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 2025 
September 5, 2025 
Management: 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal, 
Chairman  
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal,  
Director – SAMIL, Vice Chairman – Motherson Group 
Mr. Pankaj Mital,  
Whole Time Director and Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Kunal Malani,  
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Andreas Heuser 
Head, Regional Chairman’s Office (Europe and North Africa) 
Mr. Rajesh Goel 
Head, Regional Chairman’s Office (Southeast Asia, Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand) 
Mr. Rajat Jain,  
Head, Vision Systems Business Division 
Mr. Frederic Boumaza 
Head, Integrated Assemblies Business Division 
Mr. Amit Bhakri 
President, Modules & Polymer Products business Division 
Mr. Arjun Kochhar 
Head, Logistics Solutions division 
Mr. Gaurav Gulati 
Chief Information Officer 
Mr. Christophe Ancey 
Head, Modules & Polymer Products Business Division 
Mr. Vishal Kabadi 
Head, Lighting, Electronics and Precision Metal and Modules Business Division 
Mr. Barrie Painter 
Chief Sustainability Officer and Head of Global MARCOM 
Mr. Kunal Vohra 
Head, Energy Business 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT AND DISCLAIMER 
This is the transcript of the Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 2025 (“Meet”) on September 05, 
2025 in Mumbai, India. No part of this transcript shall be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by 
any means without the prior written consent of Company. An audio and video recording of the Meet is 
available at the website of the Company. In the event of any inconsistency between audio and video 
recording or this transcript, audio and video recording of the Meet should be considered as the 
authoritative source. This transcript has been edited for the purpose of factual accuracy, better 
reading and clarity. Best efforts have been made, while editing the translated version of audio and 
video recording of the Meet, for grammatical, punctuation, formatting etc., so that it should not result 
into any edit to the content or discussion. Despite efforts to maintain accuracy, this transcript may 
contain inadvertent errors or omissions. The Company does not assume responsibility for such 
discrepancies.  
The statements of the participants as captured in this transcript are dependent on currently held 
beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, 
in their opinion, are reasonable and may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking 
statements inter-alia involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market 
conditions, certain assumptions and expectations of future events, economic conditions affecting 
demand / supply and price conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the Company 
operates, changes in or due to the environment, government regulations, tariffs, geopolitical conflicts, 
laws, statutes, judicial pronouncements and other factors, which may cause the actual results, 
financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ 
materially from the results, financial condition, performance or achievements, directly or indirectly 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no responsibility 
to publicly amend, modify or revise any forward- looking statements, on the basis of any subsequent 
developments, information, events or otherwise. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to 
any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, 
accident, or any other cause and in no event shall be liable for any liabilities arising therefrom. 
Readers of this transcript should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company 
and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other examination as 
they deem necessary. 
Page 2 of 36 

Master of Ceremony: Motherson Institutional Investor Meet Edition 2025. We're thrilled to 
have all of you here and are so grateful that you could make it during this festive season. It is 
an auspicious time, and we thought there could be no better time for us to take you through 
our journey thus far and where we are going here on. I'm Akshaya. I've been part of the 
Motherson group for around five years now, and I'm excited to kick things off on stage today. 
Folks, 2025 has been a very pivotal year for Motherson.  
Many special milestones have come together and culminated through the course of the year. 
For one, Vision 2025, our previous five -year plan, has come to a close and kick -started 
Vision 2030, our next five -year plan. And this one's as bold, as ambitious, and as 
transformative as all of our six previous five -year plans that have been unveiled through the 
course of Motherson's history. We're celebrating another very important milestone this year. 
Ladies and gentlemen, Motherson has turned 50 this year. Can we have some cheer for 
that?  
That's right, from a one product, one location company, we're now present across thousands 
of products in multiple industries in 44 countries all around the world. Now, what a 
transformative journey that has been. And just to put things in perspective, that's half a 
century of Motherson being around and really living and breathing its vision every single day 
to be a globally preferred, sustainable solution, provider to its customers and to all of its 
stakeholders. Now as we look back and as we reflect on this incredible legacy, we cannot 
celebrate it without celebrating all of you here, our partners in growth, our growth partners. 
You guys have been pivotal, you guys have been integral in getting us to where we are 
today.  
And we wanted to take today evening to hear more from you, your insights, your 
perspectives, and even anecdotes through your association with the group. How about we 
make this a little interactive and let's have a show of hands if you've been associated with 
the group or you've covered the group in your research or you've just been a financial 
partner even to the group since our IPO. Can you raise your hand? Our IPO was way back 
in 1993. Not a lot of hands, but glad to see that some of you are here. We expected that the 
folks that had invested in the IPO would be living their best life on an exotic island 
somewhere.  
But we'd like to hear from you, sir, if I can interest you in a question. Can I have a mic, 
please? Thank you. So we'd love to hear from you. What do you think differentiates 
Motherson, or what did you find unique about our group through the course of your 
association with us?  
Attendee: First of all, as the name suggests, name itself is relationship. And during my 
course of interaction, I would say 13 years now, I have seen that you value every 
relationship, including bankers, you value every relationship. That is something really 
touches me. Then the second thing recently, when I was having discussion, you have 
crossed the number of employees that the State Bank of India has. So, I mean, that was 
amazing. That was amazing.  
Another thing that I saw today, in my relationship earlier, I thought mainly automotive 
company, but today the kind of diversification I have seen and especially the health section, 
which I shared with Sehgal sir also. I mean, I'm really amazed at that and that is what I told 
Page 3 of 36 

your representatives there that the next year I come back, I would like to see this as the 
biggest section. India really needs that. And finally, I would say that Motherson is the pride of 
India. You are the pride of India.  
Master of Ceremony: Thank you very much, sir. We really appreciate that. Thank you very 
much. Can we hear from a few more people, maybe you, sir? Same question, what do you 
find unique about the group and what differentiates us in your opinion?  
Attendee: Well I will say, it's been a fantastic journey of learning and just one word, Chaand 
Sehgal. The man's vision, his determination, his aspiration and his attitude of never giving 
up. And his, you know, every time you meet him, you come back with a little bit of a heart 
attack. What is this man doing? But every time he makes it, every time he makes it a reality. 
So, I have seen it over the last 25 plus years and I think his ability to execute not only in 
India, but across many continents, many countries with many different nationalities, I think is 
something what we all have to learn in India if we want to truly globalize. So I think, you 
know, this is the man who's made a big difference. There's a lot to learn from him. I think 
Motherson is one institution, I believe, that has always taught us to dream beyond the 
boundaries. And I think the way each year they come up with their, each five years they 
come up with a vision, I think it's amazing. I mean, their never give up attitude, I've only 
seen it in two companies in India, in Motherson and Reliance. This is the only two 
companies in India where I've seen that they want to break every barrier and every 
boundary. So, I would just say hats off, Chaand Saab, great, great deal. Many 
congratulations. Problem is we only have one Chaand Sehgal in India. I wish we would have 
had many.  
Master of Ceremony: Very well put, sir. Thank you very much, sirs. We'd also like to hear from 
some of the newer folks who've been associated with us more recently. Can I have a show 
of hands for those who've been associated with the group through this five -year plan, that's 
2020 to 2025? Sir, we would love to hear from you. Again, what differentiates Motherson 
and what excites you about our growth story so far?  
Anupam Johri: Hi, my name is Anupam Johri from Raiffeisen Bank. We are an Austrian 
bank and we have seen Motherson over the last, I would say, decade or so. And we have 
been, (A) following the group, and (B) trying to become banking partners for it in Central 
Eastern Europe, where our bank is quite strongly represented.  And I'm extremely happy we 
managed to do this. And we are now a part of your growth story. And we hope to be 
associated with you for many years in the future.  
Master of Ceremony: Thank you very much. Thank you. Round of applause, please. Now, 
ladies and gentlemen, you'll all agree that Motherson from five years ago is very different 
from Motherson today. And we're going to continually evolve as we go towards 2030 and 
beyond. And today for us, this investor meet for us is about sharing with you how we 
perceive that evolution and what we think is going to really catalyze our growth going 
forward.  
Having said that, I think it's a great time to jump into the program that we've put together for 
today. I really hope you got a good chance to look at our Motherson Experience Centre. If 
you didn't, it's right behind you. I do highly recommend that you go catch some of our 
products. We've displayed our Marquee products and capabilities there, and this will really 
give you a touch and feel of what we do at Motherson every single day. Now, right after this 
segment, we'll have our Vice Chairman and we'll have our key leadership team come up and 
Page 4 of 36 

explain to you how we've truly formed and shaped Motherson and poised it for the next 
phase of growth, 2030 and beyond.  
Master of Ceremony: And after that, we've put together an interactive session for you, and I 
urge you to have engaging conversations with our leadership, our management, our product 
team to get to know Motherson a little bit deeper and take home with you a larger part of the 
group. Having said that, I would like to now jump into our next segment. I would like to call 
upon Kunal Malani, our CFO, to please come up on stage. Kunal has put together a few 
special elements in his presentation, program that he'd like to take you through. Please join 
me in welcoming him.  
Kunal Malani: Among many other things, Mr. Sehgal tells us keep running, keep running 
towards the goal. So we take that pretty literally. But a very, very warm welcome. Good 
afternoon, everyone. Welcome to all our investors, analysts, growth partners. Welcome to 
our Motherson Institutional Investor Meet 2025. We are deeply grateful for your presence 
here. You have supported us. You have shown your confidence in us. And the fact that all of 
you have taken time and come here, I think is a testimony to it. And our deepest thank you 
for doing that. You make this day a lot more special for us. This is the first time we are 
organising this in Mumbai.  
Our objective was to come closer to all of you all, let you experience Motherson more easily. 
That's how you see this immersive setup, gives you hopefully an expanse of what Motherson 
has become now. And not only that, we've got now 120 of our senior management here, 
including our top leadership from across the Globe. Between them, they would have 
something like 2,000 years plus of experience. So please feel free to meet them, interact 
with them, probe them. Most of you will ask us the hard questions. Here's the opportunity. 
There's a whole team here to answer this set now. So please make our lives easy. Please 
ask them the questions. You know, when the invites were sent in, a lot of you had called up 
saying, should we come?  
What's new? I think we know all, Motherson is well researched. We all know about 
Motherson. So, for the benefit of all, maybe I'll reiterate what today is all about and what to 
expect.  
Firstly, in our interactions, discussions, we've all spoken about our products and capabilities. 
We've spoken about how we increase content how we have moved towards becoming, you 
know a design engineering, manufacturing and assembly powerhouse. Today you get to see 
it, you get to touch it. That's why we urge you to please visit the display centre or the 
experience centre right behind you. It's constructed to give you a good feel of what we do 
and the expanse of what we do here.  
Secondly, I think our business model, as all of you are aware, is a very diversified one, and 
that provides the resilience that the business model delivers, which enables it to then be on 
a continuous growth path. Today, you will see how we do it. You will see what's the fire that 
drives this.  
Thirdly, I think most of you are aware, as Sir just mentioned, we are extremely customer 
centric. Relationships is something that Mr. Sehgal has embedded in each of us and how we 
should manage that across all stakeholders our teams will demonstrate today. How we gain 
Page 5 of 36 

Page 6 of 36 
the trust of our customers and actually of all stakeholders and in the process. What does it 
mean for your Company and finally as we conclude our Vision 2025, we head towards Vision 
2030, you will see how we have achieved some seemingly impossible goals.  
And hopefully you will get a glimpse into the method behind the madness that we are on. So 
to sum it all, I think our intent is to keep you all engaged, keep you all entertained, keep you 
all on your toes. And at the end of the day, I hope when you're leaving and you're thinking, 
hey, here I met a transformative company. We met a management team which walks the 
talk, a management team which gives full effort, and hopefully you will get a feel of the 
spirituality and the blessings that enable us to achieve any goal that we set upon. So, 
without further ado, maybe we kickstart the event. To begin with, it's just appropriate, I 
guess, we look at Vision 2025 and after all the hard work that we did in Vision 2025, we were 
having a few restful days.  
And in those, we figured out that Mr. Sehgal and Vaaman is playing golf. So, we were a little 
perplexed, something's up. We weren't sure, so we said, hey, let's send a filming crew to 
figure out what is it that they are thinking and doing. So please enjoy a short film. and let's 
see how the swinging goes.  
Thank you so much.  
Video Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
Master of Ceremony: Motherson story is centred around three pillars. It's philosophy, it's 
people, and it's operational and financial excellence. Now to give you a glimpse of what 
Motherson of the future looks like, may I call upon Laksh Vaaman Sehgal, our Vice 
Chairman, to come up on stage. Please join me in welcoming him.  
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Check that this mic is working. Yes, it is. Thank you and welcome to 
everybody who made their way to our Investor show we do this every once in every couple 
of years this one is of course a special one because we show you a report card on the last 
five years and we show you the glimpse of what we want to achieve in the next five years. 
But I'm happy to say that it won't be just me showing that we're going to show you some 
management depth. I'm going to get a lot of people on here to take you through this journey 
and sir, don't be too worried because we have 120 people who have been trained directly by 
Papa. And my advantage is I inherited some chromosomes also. So, there is a team behind 
him. But yes, big shoes to fill.  
And I've got lots of things to share with you, lots of achievements that we've had. And I'm 
going to start my presentation without taking too much time. But the tagline for my 
presentation is Journey of a Lifetime. It has a lot of meaning, multiple meanings in fact. One, 
because if you see that all the backdrops of my slides will have pictures that have actually 
been taken on my trip. that I went on before we initiated this Vision 2030 to Manasarovar to 
get blessings of Baba.  
And as some of you may or may not know, that's in Tibet. It's quite an arduous journey. And 
that's something that was really meaningful to me and something that I will come back to in 
my presentation to explain to you how life -changing that was. Apart from that, of course, 
journey of a lifetime also.  
We are celebrating 50 years of Motherson, 50 years of my father working. We have to thank 
him. Thank you. Thank you so much. And it's really been a wonderful journey. And we're all 

Page 7 of 36 
grateful for Papa. If you didn't start being employee number one 50 years ago, all of us 
would not be here. So, thank you so much for that.  
So now I need to move forward and, of course, deliver the scorecard or the report card. And 
I see a lot of you eagerly waiting to hear what we did in this last five -year plan. But I think it's 
important before I really get into showing you our achievements, put a backdrop and take 
you back to 2020. Yeah, I know, going back to 2020, it's a year best forgotten with all the 
problems that were there. But that is also the year that Motherson launched our Vision 2025 
and set the plan. And as you all know, that period of COVID when we all thought maybe it 
was one bad year, there were numerous other crises that were just looming around the 
corner.  
If you see my slide that I have behind me, you'll see that in all the five-year periods of the 
five-year plans that we made, this last five-year plan really took the cake in all the 
unpredictability, volatility, crisis, problems in the world. While in the previous five-year plans, 
we'd have one issue in a year or one issue in two years, we had multiple issues in the same 
year, hitting us one after another. We practically lost two years just thanks to COVID. And 
after that, the semiconductor, geopolitical issues, inflation, interest rates going up. I mean, I 
can go on and on and on.  
That was the backdrop of us setting one of our most ambitious targets and, you know, us still 
keeping them. This is also to show you what the prediction was for automotive vehicle 
production in the world for the next five years, based on which we based our five -year plan. 
We were supposed to go close to 100 million from about 90 million odd vehicles being 
produced. What we actually did was way lesser than that. We actually lost more than 60 
million cars of volumes that were missed in this period. And it really was a disaster for the 
automotive industry, because all sorts of predictions of volumes were really thrown out.  
And the entire industry was just struggling just to get back to where we were pre -COVID. In 
fact, even now, as I speak, we still haven't reached the volumes of cars produced pre -
COVID in FY25. So that is the strain that the automotive industry went through, not to talk 
more about the issues, but even all of us know how this EV thing panned out and what the 
predictions were of EV launches. And we really lost a lot of business in this time. Even 
though we had all these disruptions, industry challenges, global geopolitical events, which 
created havoc around the world. Motherson did not change our targets.  
We are known for not changing our targets. While the others were increasing, decreasing, 
and doing a whole bunch of different things, we stayed strong. And in fact, we went inward. 
We started to look at all the things that we could do better, even though the volumes were 
not coming from the industry. And we said, we can make ourselves stronger because we 
know that at some point the industry will bounce back. And we also said, this is a good time 
to pivot our business.  
And we shared that with you, that we want to transform Motherson on a journey of just being 
an auto component supplier to being something much bigger. So now I'm going to show you 
the scorecard and show you what all we did, even though we had some of the biggest 
challenges facing us in this five -year period. Firstly, we solved our issues with our red units. 
In FY20, we had 46 red units. And I'm really proud to announce that over this five -year 
journey, we have had almost an 80 % reduction. All these units have turned into green or 

Page 8 of 36 
have got out of the negative situation. And we believe in this last five years, in the next 
couple of years, the remaining entities will also be converted to green. So, this was a 
phenomenal performance for our teams. Getting rid of the bleeding units, converting them 
into cash generation, making the company stronger, and driving profitability up for the Group. 
Not only that, every single unit of ours was having a focused way of increasing the fixed 
asset turnover ratio. We wanted to sweat our assets more. The maximum amount of CAPEX 
that we spend, apart from land and building, which we own in most of the cases, put it into 
our assets, our machines. And if we could find ways to increase the utilization of this, this is 
something that really helped us to improve our bottom line, and something that you will see 
has really added to our competitive advantage. On top of that, staying focused on cash 
flows, working with our suppliers, working with our customers, we were also able to achieve 
a meaningful reduction in the net working capital days, which really improved the financial 
performance as well. with a stronger financial performance. Of course, we were able to build 
Greenfields. I'm really proud to tell you that we built 37 Greenfields in this last five-year 
period based on orders that we had won.  
While you saw that the industry actually was shrinking, we were actually growing based on 
the strength of converting all our plants into green, making sure that we stayed close to the 
customer, delivering on our promises, rising in their quality status. And you can see 36 of 
these have really come in the emerging markets where the growth is there, and we have 
won significant business from our customers. We also promised you that we would diversify 
the customer base further. As you can see, 3CX10, no country, no customer, no component 
should be more than 10 % of our business. On the global markets, you can see that we have 
balanced it a lot more. But the good thing here is even in those places where we are more 
than 10%, those are emerging markets where the businesses are increasing.  
So, the ones that you see in red are actually emerging markets which constitute more than 
50% of our business, which gives us an extremely balanced approach to where all our 
assets are, where our business is, and a huge growth opportunity as we are putting 
investments where the customers are still growing. Of course, India is home ground. We 
made sure that we continue to invest in India. In fact, really meaningful growth in India. We 
have grown almost three times our sales turnover over here. We invested significantly into 
our facilities.  
Now we have 160 plus facilities in India. And we all are really excited about the India story. 
And with the full competence on engineering, the facilities, state of the art, and our 
associates of more than 100,000 capable people, I think we're best positioned to take 
advantage of the India story that's playing out. And you'll see some of that come out more in 
the presentation as I take you through it. We're known for acquisitions. This last five -year 
plan was no different.  
We did a record 23 acquisitions in this five -year period. In fact, a lot of them came towards 
the butt end of the five-year plan, because if you all remember, right after COVID, interest 
rates were at near zero, there was a lot of exuberance in the market, and you heard a lot of 
deals that were being done at crazy valuations. And a lot of people also invested crazily in 
EV. And my father has been extremely vocal saying, please be careful. We need to make 
sure that this EV transition will happen. And in fact, it can't happen at the pace which 
everybody is seeing.  

 
 
 
Page 9 of 36 
 
 
So, we have to be cautious. And that's exactly what played out. Majority of these 23 
acquisitions actually came in the last couple of years because the customer supply chains 
were faltering. We saw that the EVs didn't take off. Lot of people paid heavy prices for assets 
and we were called in because we had one of the strongest balance sheets and the 
operational performance behind us to be able to go and solve these issues for the customer 
and we picked up 23 acquisitions in this last five -year period.  
And we added facilities with competence and capabilities throughout the globe. A key 
concern that all of you have is on tariffs. So I want to address that upfront. Motherson is not 
affected by tariffs. Why? Because it was always Papa's philosophy that we should source 
locally, produce locally, supply locally. While the whole world was going on this globalization 
trend, we made sure that we are strong in every country that we are in, and we are making 
complex modules where we are close to the customer, so we get rid of risk, such as 
currency risk, logistics risk, all these things that are playing havoc in the world today. So, our 
philosophy is really vindicated with this strategy working out for us, and our Businesses are 
all producing and sourcing locally, so we have a minute impact if any from that from the 
tariffs and again all our facilities in US are there to gain with more and more production 
coming over there? So, I wanted to make sure that you all understand that that even though 
a large chunk of our business comes from the US, it's actually manufactured in the US.  
 
This is one target of no customer being more than 10% that we achieved in this five-year 
period. As you can see, the biggest customer is about just under 9%. That gives us an 
extremely healthy customer base with no one customer being too large or us being too 
exposed to.  And I think with this five-year plan and the new industries that we're going to 
enter, this is going to become even more diversified. Not only did we grow with our 
automotive marquee customers, we also added 40 marquee customers in different industries 
that we are proud to call our customers in this five-year plan.  
 
You will see this in the new industries and the new verticals as I present them to you. And I 
believe that we have created a very strong platform for growth with our penetration into 
these customers and are absolutely poised for explosive growth in this next five-year period. 
On the component side, wire harness still remains the strongest part of our business and the 
largest chunk. But this again, you will see that a lot of new products have been added and 
the toughest thing is to get entry into the customer with the new products, now, we believe it 
it's the right time and in this five year period with all the Investments that we have made in 
the green fields and as these come up to fruition. We're going to see a lot more 
diversification in the product group as well and we have made immense strides in showing 
our capability to the customers and convincing them that we can really copy what we have 
done in the automotive world into these new industries and bring in a lot of new products as 
well. Let's not think that we haven't made investments for the products on the automotive 
side. As you will see, we have also added really amazing technologies in the automotive side 
with sunroofs, fuel tanks, a whole bunch of new products which we were not in there before. 
And these also are huge white spaces for us to grow in.  
 
These were the ones that I was just talking about. As you can see, these are all excellent 
technologies which we can cross -pollinate and take through all our customers globally. And 
not just in products, these are technologies in different materials. We are now also doing 
things in glass, which we had never done before. We're looking at different technologies and 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 36 
 
different composites. And all of this is really culminating to the performance that I'm going to 
show you in the next few slides.  
 
And all of these have tremendous amount of potential for our Vision 2030 target. Here is 
where you see what our non-automotive business is as part of the whole. You might think, 
yes, it's still a small part, just under 5%. But please understand that our business itself has 
grown multiple times in the last five years. And it's still a billion dollar business with multi 
billions of order book, which we are going to execute in this five -year period. And the real 
growth of our business of the non-automotive business will show its colors in this five-year 
plan.  
 
So even though it might look small today, it's going to be quite large in this next five-year 
period. And we're all extremely excited to show you behind in all the product groups and with 
the team members here to show you how capable we have become in front of the eyes of 
the customers and how exciting it's going to be in this next five -year plan. On the softer 
side, we were recognized by Time Magazine as one of the world's best companies in 2024. 
We added 85,000 people to our family in this five -year plan. We do not solicit any of this, but 
I think it was a very welcome acknowledgment. And we are very grateful and proud to have 
this kind of recognition from Time Magazine.  
 
So let me try to put all of this in perspective now for you. While the automotive industry you 
saw has not grown, Motherson grew 2.5 times where we were in 2020. So, this was of 
course, thanks to our organic business, our acquisition opportunities. All of this has 
culminated in tremendous amounts of growth. But Motherson does not only focus on the top 
line.  
 
Even on the bottom line, we did not sacrifice our targets. We had a 3x growth on EBIT and 
almost a ~5x growth on PAT with this top line growth as well. In Motherson, we say top line is 
vanity, bottom line is sanity, cash in the bank is reality. We've learned that over the years and 
we definitely have proven that with our report card here. But profitability is not everything. 
ROCE is everything. And that's what we focus ourselves on and you can see, again, in this 
five-year period, we have meaningfully doubled our ROCE from 10% to 18.5%.  And this is 
something that, again, despite the 23 acquisitions, 37 Greenfields, and investing over 15,000 
crores in this last five-year period, we've still managed to show you this, ROCE with very 
much focus on the free cash flow and profitability of our units. And that's something that I'm 
really, really proud of. On top of that, as shareholders, I hope we have happy shareholders. 
We've paid out a record number of dividends.  
 
We did not miss a dividend even in the COVID year. We knew that our shareholders needed 
money at those critical times. We paid that out. We conserved cash, but we made sure that 
we paid out dividend every single year. And the highest dividend was paid out last year in 
FY25. All of this was done by not labouring up the balance sheet.  
 
In fact, the opposite. We have the strongest balance sheet with the lowest net debt to 
leverage ratio ever in a decade, perhaps, and puts us in an extremely strong position for the 
next five years. And we will continue the same disciplined financial policy to make sure that 
we are capable for all the growth that we want in the next five years. In fact, all the rating 
agencies, extremely grateful to them, have also upticked us in their ratings, and we have a 
rating as good as our sovereign country. So, this is, again, a huge achievement of all the 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 36 
 
team here at Motherson in this five-year plan. Now, finally, coming to what most of you care 
about is the value for shareholders.  
 
As you can see, this is what the broader markets delivered and the indices which we could 
compare ourselves with. Motherson beat all of them. In fact, we were 6.3x times, but the 
best of the markets delivered 4.5x. For some shareholders who raised their hand that they 
put money in an IPO. If you put one lakh rupee in the IPO, today It's almost sixty crores. So 
that's the value that has been created by the shareholders who believed in us, who believed 
in Papa's journey, the Motherson name and I hope have delivered returns up to your 
expectations. And if that hasn't hit you yet, and you still don't think that's a very good 
performance, let me leave you with one last statistic. Everything that we achieved in the last 
45 years to get to a certain point, the size that we built in the 45 years, we have now 2.5 
times that just in the last five years, that we've built another Motherson and a half, just in the 
last five years that we did in last 45 years of our existence. That's the pace that we are 
growing at. That's the exponential growth that Motherson is looking at and that's the ambition 
that we have.  And that's this wonderful team has delivered for you in this five-year plan. So, 
for us and for everyone associated with us, Vision 2025 has been an astounding success, 
and I'm really grateful for your trust, for our team's effort to really get us there. It's really been 
nothing short of miraculous, and we are so, so proud of what we have achieved as a team 
and as a family in this five-year period. But not only in the numbers, not only did we grow 2.5 
times, even more importantly, we transformed a Motherson.  
 
From being just an automotive company, we have become something much bigger. And to 
explain that to you, I want to take you through a few more slides. One, we really focused on 
engineering. When the market was not growing, we said, we need to get stronger. If we want 
to build more with our customers, give them bigger solutions, we need to focus on 
engineering. Today, we have 35 engineering centres, out of which maybe 12 were added in 
the last five -year period.  
 
Over 10 % of our people are engineers. We have doubled the number of patents that we 
hold to 3,000. We have added more patents, critical ventures in technology and association 
with people who are leading technology in the world. And our ability to give the best in quality 
of the highest engineered products to our customers has been achieved by Motherson by 
really focusing on the engineering side. Manufacturing is our bread and butter. We really did 
amazing stuff in there as well. I had spoken to you about this a little bit before but here you 
can see in every single advanced manufacturing processes technology or machinery, 
Motherson added all of these to our fold. So again, we could solve the customers' problems 
and make sure that we are completely up to date with their requirements of delivering the 
best in class, technology and products to their end customers. As you can see we have 
added complex technology solutions in different materials in different machines and different 
aesthetic parts to our customers and this is something again, which is really going to help us 
move up the value chain deliver much better margins and grow together with our customers 
finally on the assembly side. We took one step up. We acquired SAS, now called Motherson 
SAS. This does complete management of the customer's supply chain.  
 
Also doing complex assembly, managing the entire supply chain, maybe 2,000-3,000 
suppliers for one product, delivering just in time, just in sequence, just in line. So, the 
customers don't see us just as a manufacturer anymore. They see us as a full system 
solution provider, also being able to do assembly, logistics, and just-in-sequence supplies, 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 36 
 
and being able to manage complex supply chains. And this will take us to the next level, 
which I will talk about later in my presentation and hopefully bring a lot of growth for us in the 
next five years as well. So, to sum that up, Motherson is not a pure auto component 
company anymore.  
 
We are now a design, engineering, manufacturing and assembly specialist (‘DEMA’). And 
this is what's going to propel the next five years of growth, because we're going to focus on 
every single opportunity that has or constitutes these four things, and we will go after it. And I 
believe there is a huge opportunity for us. And you will see the fitting 2030 target, which 
makes sure that we take this in the background and make sure that we go after all the big 
markets in the world where we can do this for our customers. So, like I said, I'm going to talk 
about the 2030 targets, because becoming a DEMA specialist has opened up a whole bunch 
of new industries that we can go on. 2025 is done now.  
 
Now we need to know what we can do. Where are we going in 2030? And we have to come 
up with a plan and a target for 2030. And true to our history, true to our purpose, actually, 
Motherson is a very unique company because we actually have a slated purpose. And 
maybe I should take you through that because I want you to understand why it's so 
important for us and how it correlates with us setting our target for Vision 2030. Actually, our 
purpose has four parts, and I'm going to read it out to you together.  
 
We strive to continuously delight all who put trust in us and go after seemingly impossible 
goals so that we provide sustainable opportunities for all our associates and are proud to be 
part of something larger than ourselves. Each one of these words has deep meaning for us 
and is deeply correlated with everything that we do at Motherson. And fittingly for all of this, 
our new target has to be seemingly impossible. Motherson is not that company that you 
know, is conservative and go for an easy target where we'll achieve something easily. We're 
not that company. We go after impossible targets.  
 
Because for us, what we become while we strive to go after impossible targets, think out of 
the box, get out of our comfort zone, that's what the real Motherson is. And that's the real 
magic of Motherson. So fittingly, for 2030 as well, we need to come up with a target which is 
seemingly impossible. But before I get into that and tell you what our impossible target is 
going to be for this five-year period, I want to share one more really important milestone for 
us that we achieved in this last five-year period, which is really, really a huge thing of honor 
for us. My papa was inducted in the Automotive Hall of Fame in Ford Museum in Detroit last 
year. Papa, will you please join me on stage?  
 
Big round of applause please for our Hall of Fame inductee, Chaand Sehgal. So, I wanted to 
bring Papa on stage. Of course, Papa, it was such a big honor for all of us for you to be up 
there. You're only the second Indian who's received this award. What a wonderful event that 
was in memory. How did you feel? And please tell us about that.  
 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: Actually, I feel humbled. I think the award was basically for all the 
Mothersonites. They have done all the hard work, and I just go and take the award. I think 
Lord Krishna tells Arjun that you are Nimitmatram, I've already done all these jobs, I've 
already done. So I feel very humbled.  
 

 
 
 
Page 13 of 36 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you, Papa. It was a great, great honour for us to be there 
with you. But apart from that, I also, I want to talk to Papa because he's the one who 
originated the first -year plan and Created all the stress for all of us here at Motherson that 
now that we have to keep coming with the five -year plans that we did that may be you can 
tell us how it started and why we do this.  
 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: Well, we listed our company in 1993. 1993 we were about eleven 
crores / two million dollars was a turnover. And I was lucky, I had Nimesh Bhai and Durgesh 
Bhai coming to meet us every year, finding out what was happening about the car company. 
And I had done some calculations on the computer, which was a new thing at that time, you 
know. Computers were not very common. And I just put the component prices and Five 
years this thing and it was coming out that we would be somewhere around close to 100 
crores Turnover and we were 12 crores or 13 crores under that. So, I was very proud and I 
was telling the Durgesh Bhai and Nimesh Bhai, boss we will be 100 crores by this thing. But 
why should I tell you that? I think you better watch what happened.  
 
Video Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: Not just that. Thank you, Durgesh bhai. Thank you, Nimesh bhai. 
But also top line vanity, bottom line sanity, cash and bank reality, is their guidance to us. And 
the most important thing for us, which they gave us, they made us understand ROCE. It took 
me six months to understand ROCE, or my people to understand what ROCE is, but we 
followed it blindly. That's what we did. But you can see the progress of Motherson. Every 
year, we give you a top-up, what's happening in the company, what's happening over there. 
And right from going 12 crores to now, I don't know, 25 - 25.7 billion in this year. Hats off to 
you guys.  Hats off to Enam. Thank you.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you. So, from a 12 crore company imagining to be a multi 
billion dollar company, we have to follow in the same path and think of something big. So 
how did we set our vision 2030? Is it just that he comes? and says, all of you, you got to do 
this target? Not really. Actually, the Vision 2030 is all of us coming together as one team and 
dreaming together. We dream, we say in Motherson, we dream with our eyes open. We all 
do all the work and then we all come together and jointly build this target. And I have a small 
video for you so that you can appreciate how these targets are built and how, as a team, we 
have bought into that. I'm going to share this AV with you.  
 
Video Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Yes, it is 108. It is a big target, but I'm going to spend the next hour 
or so trying to convince you how we're really going to get there because we believe that we 
really have a fantastic chance to deliver 108. But before I do that, I want to show you all the 
targets for Vision 2030. Of course, you've heard the 108 target in gross revenues. We are 
going to maintain the 40 % ROCE target for the group. Of course, all the new businesses are 
not going to achieve that on day one.  
 
Over the five-year period, as they grow, they're going to creep towards that 40% mark. The 
existing businesses in Motherson, which are already mature, should be doing that or much 
better. And collectively as a group, we will march towards that 40% ROCE. In the 
diversification, we've held strong. No country, no customer, no component to be more than 

 
 
 
Page 14 of 36 
 
10% of our revenues. And we will have the financial discipline to pay out up to 40% of our 
consolidated profit as dividend throughout this journey to make sure that again we stay with 
the financial discipline and operational excellence that we have achieved in the numerous 
past five-year plans.  
 
But this five- year, there's going to be something different. We successfully took out MSWIL, 
which has been extremely successful for us. And we believe that many companies are ripe 
to now leave the SAMIL fold and be independently listed on their own. And we believe that 
it's not just going to be divisions. We're going to create a lot more independent companies 
from SAMIL, which they have been incubated and stand on their own feet and unlock a 
tremendous amount of value for all our shareholders. So how does Motherson do it?  
How will we go after 108 and what will be the way that you know we have used to be 
successful to grow thus far? I think the answer to that is something very simple. I think 
everybody wants to know our secret sauce and really this is what enables us to do that. This 
is what we call the Motherson Chakra. It's the return on trust. And I want to take you through 
it very quickly to make you understand how Motherson grows in perpetuity.  
 
First, it all starts on that left hand side with that QCDDMSES, the consistent delivery of 
performance, quality, cost, design, delivery, management, safety, environment, sustainability. 
These are the parameters that the customers look at suppliers on. And if you rank in the 
highest of these parameters in front of the customer, your trust goes up from the customer 
on you. Naturally, they think that you are a dependable supplier, you're a reliable supplier, 
you give good quality, and their trust goes up. When the customer's trust goes up, you're 
asked to do more. That could be obviously new business, that could be setting up new joint 
ventures, setting up new capacities, and in our case, also doing acquisitions to solve their 
supply chain.  
When we are asked to do more, our content and value in the customer's shares goes up, 
and we live our vision of being a globally preferred sustainable solution provider. That's how 
Motherson really does it. That's our secret sauce. That's our philosophy. That's what enables 
us to show you the performance that we have done over these last six, five-year plans. Now 
I'm going to get into a little bit of these philosophies with practical examples of what we have 
done in the group so that you understand how that really connects with everything that we 
do.  
The first one. Let's talk about operational excellence. And for that, I would like to call up on 
stage one of the newest members of the Motherson family, the head of Motherson SAS. This 
is the assembly company where we are doing just-in-sequence supplies to our customers 
and managing their entire supply chain. They don't do any manufacturing. They are experts 
in logistics, supply chain management, and assembly.  
 
And I'd like to call up on stage the head of this division, Frederic Boumaza. Please come up 
on stage. Please share with everyone what you've been doing.  
 
Frederic Boumaza: Ladies and gentlemen, the mobility industry is transforming at a very 
high pace. We are facing shorter product life cycles, increasingly complex modular systems, 
dynamic regional markets and frequent demand fluctuations. In this environment, speed and 
adaptability are more than ever essential. To continue to grow and lead the race, mobility 
players have to evolve, to transform their operation to become smarter, leaner, more cost 
efficient. At Motherson, we have launched an excellence program around operation to drive 
efficiency, particularly in logistic and assembly, across the 400 locations we have worldwide.  

 
 
 
Page 15 of 36 
 
 
What are the main pillars of this operational excellence roadmap? First, using digital model 
of our factories, we optimize layout through scenario simulations, enabling us to have the 
most efficient material flow and assembly line configuration. By doing that, we are improving 
the surface needed in our factory, reducing it by 20%. Following up an upgrade of our digital 
model into digital twins, we collect numerous data out of our operation. And we are capable 
with that to even continue to improve our physical world, reducing the staff and 
manufacturing costs by 15% in direct areas. In addition to leveraging digitalization, we 
deploy numerous of automation technologies. Several of our warehouses are fully 
automated. With linear pick and play systems and automated guiding vehicles for unloading 
and loading tasks. Assembly robots and cobots are used to automate different activities to 
reduce manual efforts and improve the productivity. Precise quality control are made thanks 
to robotics with high end vision systems and analytic software. The implementation of all 
those automation technologies allow us again to reduce the direct efforts in our factories by 
20%. But that's not all. AI. The next level is that the global implementation of standardized 
solutions supported by digital model, digital twin, and connected automations allow us to 
collect further data. Those data are used to power AI systems, identifying new opportunities 
of improvements human observations. Thanks to those improvements, thanks to AI, we 
foresee a further improvement of our efficiency by 20%. Ladies and gentlemen, finally, 
scaling all those solutions across the entire Motherson Group is a strategic priority. With 400 
locations worldwide, we have the scale and a vast landscape to make a difference.  
 
Vaaman, I'm really excited about the next five years and the plan that we have, and I'm 
convinced that the Operational Excellence Roadmap will support delivering the right results.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you so much, Frederic. 
  
Frederic has been a wonderful addition to the Motherson family. And you can see that 
whatever he's building in Motherson SAS can be deployed to all our units and something to 
all our facilities globally. So we are all very, very excited about all the things that Frederic is 
going to bring and upskill us in our capability. Now, I did tell you that majority of our CAPEX 
is spent in land and building. On top of that, the next biggest item is our machines. So if 
we're going to build, we are able to extend the lifetime of our machines, we're able to 
generate much higher returns from our assets.  
 
And I would like to explain how we're doing that by calling on stage Amit Bakri, our head of 
robotics and the polymer division in Asia. Amit, please come on stage.  
 
Amit Bhakri: Thank you, Vaaman. So good evening all. As Vaaman explained, the four core 
pillars of Motherson are design, engineering, manufacturing, and assembly. It becomes our 
prime duty to make sure that we strengthen these, to our comparative advantage. Let's 
focus on manufacturing and engineering.  
 
Now, we all know that some of our businesses are capital intensive. And hence, again, it 
becomes we are acutely aware that making our assets sweat over a long period of time and 
increasing the asset life becomes primary for impacting ROCE. ROCE is something that                
Mr. Sehgal has taught us for years and it has percolated down to the last associate and 
we've simplified it in such a good format that everybody understands how they contribute to 
the ROCE. One of the examples that we want to explain to you is how we have actually 

 
 
 
Page 16 of 36 
 
extended the life of an asset, and we've done many, but this is very special because Mr. 
Sehgal actually bought this machine in 1988. An injection moulding machine bought in 1988 
is still running. Actually, I shouldn't use the word still running. It's running even better with 
lower power cost, lower cycle time, and higher accuracy. And we've done that by developing 
all this capability to refurbish and extend the life of machines all in house, not depending on 
external suppliers. Let me show you a quick AV.  
 
Video Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Asset 37 years in service and still growing going very-very strong. Half the battle is won 
when our associates understand the ROCE equation that when the denominator goes to 
zero ROCE goes to infinity half your job is done and Everybody is super motivated to make 
sure that we respect our every rupee that is spent, and we respect every asset that we own. 
And 37 years, Vaaman, I think you should really consider giving, instead of long service 
awards to employees, also long service awards to some assets, which we are doing really 
well. All this capability we are building, or we have built in -house.  
 
If we go to the assembly part of the manufacturing and assembly, Every secondary process 
that you can imagine, we now build in house. We build our own welding equipment. We build 
our own assembly lines. We build our own end-of-line testing equipment’s, which gives us 
tremendous advantage, comparative advantage, because we can now launch programs on 
time, accurately, and have a delightful customer at the end of this program. If you talk about 
material handling, we've also done a lot in this space. We build our own automated guided 
vehicles, autonomous mobile robots.  
 
So everything which comes into our factory from raw material entry to exit of finished goods, 
we actually do with our own AGVs and AMRs. And we are able to now scale this globally 
with great precision. Why do we do all this? Why is this important to us? We are very, very 
aware about frugal automation. We are very aware of each rupee that is spent in the 
company.  
 
And again, like I said, how each asset has to be utilized to the fullest. 37 years was a great 
example, but we have innumerable examples across the group where we do this. All of this 
impacts quality, cost, delivery, sustainability. I mean, this is great for sustainability, 
environment, and so on. And at the end of the day, this all translates to comparative 
advantage for Motherson and a very, very happy customer at the end of the day. Thanks, 
Vaaman.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you, Amit. That was very insightful. I think what we are doing 
with our capabilities in robotics, and you're going to see that in more different parts of the 
presentation, we are really making sure that we have the best-in-class technologies to keep 
all our plants alive in all the countries. If we are going to compete with low-cost countries 
from much higher-cost countries, that can only be done through smart automation, using 
machines, extending lifetime, of our current assets, and we're doing that phenomenally well 
and keeping all our plants alive globally. Next, I want to move on to another example to show 
you what we've been able to do in the moment of crisis. Logistics, for decades, was 
something that was fairly smooth for us.  
 

 
 
 
Page 17 of 36 
 
But as we all know, in the last five-year plan, we also had a lot of crises in logistics. Prices of 
logistics shot up. We had the red sea issue. And in Motherson, we never let a crisis go to 
waste. We looked inward and we found a good opportunity to create an internal vertical of 
logistics so that we could tackle some of these issues up front. As you know, we are just in 
time, just in sequence suppliers to our customers.  
 
So rather than waiting for others to come in, it out and find a solution, we built our own team 
in-house and tackled it head on. And for me to explain to you how we did that, I'd like to 
invite on stage Arjun Kochhar, the head of our logistics division in Motherson. Arjun, come on 
stage, please.  
 
Arjun Kochar: Thank you, Vaaman. Good evening, everybody. In an increasingly 
interconnected and volatile world, even the smallest supply chain disruption can cause 
cascading effects on delivery competence. We at Motherson have spent the last few years 
developing proprietary technologies and deploying logistics specialist boots on the ground 
across the World to monitor and optimize our supply chains in near real time. And this has 
given us the two greatest tools to combat disruption and crisis, agility and resilience. I'm 
happy to report today our 3PL logistics is 12% lower than our historical averages and our 
global intercontinental freight contracts are consistently below every global indexes that is 
published. Next, I'd like to share two cases on resilience and agility in our supply chain and 
how we made that work for us. 
  
So, a few years ago, our systems and data pointed to regular damage at a particular product 
type in our supply chain, and that when we got into it, it was spools that were transported on 
wooden pallets. We piloted FLCs, foldable large containers, and the results, as you can see 
on that second image, the results were absolutely amazing. Damages came down to zero. 
Trucks were turning around faster. We were able to carry almost double the amount of 
spools because of stackability.  
 
And finally, we had measurable reduction in our supply chain sustainability numbers. So this 
focused us to look at this even deeper. And our studies found that organizations spend 2% 
to 5% of their revenues in packaging. And more and more customers today are looking at 
packaging not as a simple commodity that you buy and trade in, but as a solution that can 
help create a strategic advantage. So doubling down on our experience and those learnings 
and playing into Motherson's global injection molding strengths, we are extremely pleased to 
announce our latest joint venture with Sanko of Japan. Sanko is Japan's largest sustainable 
packaging solutions manufacturer and distributor. And through this JV, we will be able to 
offer the world's Some of the world's best sustainable transit packaging solutions across the 
Motherson ecosystem as well as to our customers playing into our ability, do more for our 
customers.  
 
Moving on to the second case study, the Red Sea crisis. Very early in the crisis, our teams in 
the Middle East and Europe started seeing the data spike on transit times and costs on this 
extremely critical lane. Our reaction time was swift. Almost immediately, we had booths on 
the ground evaluating every port from Alexandria in Egypt all the way to Beirut. We even 
studied trucking straight from Europe, straight from UAE to Europe via Turkey. Ultimately, we 
created an innovative supply chain model where through UAE, we were trucking goods to 
Jeddah, Saudi port, and from there, shipping them directly into Europe. This reduced transit 
times by 50% as compared to the Cape of a good hope that everybody else was using. One 

 
 
 
Page 18 of 36 
 
key point about this solution, when you looked at it in isolation, it wasn't cheap. The cost of 
this was very high and it added supply chain complexities because we had to do double 
loading, unloading and handling of the goods.  
 
But when you looked at total cost of logistics, avoiding emergency air freight, inventory 
carrying costs were lower. the solution created value for our customers. And most 
importantly, it met our sacrosanct metrics, delivering on customer trust. That's a little bit 
about logistics, and we're excited to show you the packaging and the packaging products 
that we have here. I hope you would have a chance to view them as well. Thank you.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you, Arjun. Fantastic.  
 
As you can see, we are going after each and every part of the value chain to first serve 
ourselves and then, of course, serve our customers and create unique competitive 
advantages that we can really transform ourselves into being that full system solution 
provider, which is our vision for the company. Now, sidestepping a little bit, I think as 
important as all of the other themes that we've shown you, sustainability has become 
extremely important in this five -year plan, so much so that we even changed our vision to 
add the word sustainable. We want to be a globally preferred sustainable solution provider. 
And I would like to now call on stage Mr. Barrie Painter, head of sustainability at Motherson, 
to take you through what all we've been able to achieve and how we're making large strides 
in becoming a responsible corporate citizen. Barrie, please come on stage.  
 
Barrie Painter: Thank you, Varman. Thank you very much. And I'm really, really pleased to 
have the opportunity to talk to you all about sustainability. I could talk to you for hours about 
this because there's so much under the full scope, but we only have a few minutes, so I'll 
keep it very precise. In the last five years, we've grown a lot as a company. So, we're going 
to use more electricity.  
 
We're going to use more energy across our factories. But in parallel we've been focusing on 
what are the material topics on sustainability. For us that's planet people and governance or 
ESG more commonly known. And we're very proud to have made progress across all three 
of those domains and in particular creating value from sustainability not something you do 
because it's right necessarily or because a regulator wants you to or you're being rated 
because it's good for business. And we've been able to really prove that.  
 
Our ambitions here in the environmental case, looking at how we improve our emissions, 
how we manage water, what are we doing about waste in our organization, those ambitions 
are really enabling us to get recognition in terms of ratings, in terms of customer frameworks, 
and I'm very pleased to say even new factories that we've built have now been given green 
or gold  level green factory award status here in India. So, it's percolating into everything that 
we do. So let's look at some evidence of that. So, as we've grown in this period, we focused 
on our energy intensity. I'm very pleased to see that has improved despite the growth that 
we've gone through. We've increased by 24% the level of renewable energy that's being 
used in the Motherson Group.  
 
That's brought our emissions down a 7.7% improvement in our scope 1 and scope 2 
emissions, despite the growth that we're going through. And then further looking at water is 
very important. We operate in a lot of countries where there's water scarcity, and we know 

 
 
 
Page 19 of 36 
 
that's an important thing to focus on. A 27% improvement in our water intensity in the last 
two years. And then last but not least, let's look at waste. It's the precursor to creating a 
circular economy. And 89%, almost 90 % of our materials that go into a waste situation are 
going to be recycled. Ultimately, we aim to have zero to landfill, but we're already at a very 
high level. Whilst all of this is going on, we need to put down deeper roots. We're in the 
stage of a huge growth into the future for Vision 2030, and you need really solid foundations. 
So, in the world of governance, we're focusing on that and putting those values that are 
there in Motherson into action across our whole organization. Some key areas in the way our 
ambitions are understood, transparency in how we report to our stakeholders, accountability 
in our structures for delivering these things.  
 
And then furthermore, growing with purpose and knowing that we're doing that in a 
sustainable way into the future. And I'm very pleased to have heard my colleagues already 
mentioning sustainability several times in their content they're presenting to prove that it is 
now everywhere in our organization. And also, you're going to hear some exciting news later 
on in the presentation about how we're further taking forward to manage our energy and our 
electricity with renewables in the Motherson Group. So that's it from me. Thank you very 
much for your attention. Thank you, Vaaman.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you, Barrie.  
 
Now, coming back to the strengths of Motherson, I think we are one of the very unique and 
few companies that actually has our own IT company in-house that is focused solely on 
Motherson’s growth objectives. The IT really is the backbone of Motherson strength. I mean, 
that is what enables us to get real time information from all our plants. And I'm very proud to 
say we have more than 3,000 design and software engineers who are only focused on 
making sure we get real-time information in our record-breaking time whenever we set up 
new plants or do acquisitions to be able to get the real data that we want. And it's all thanks 
to our IT team.  
And I'd like to call up on stage Gaurav Gulati, who's going to take you through that and 
showcase another Motherson competitive advantage. Gaurav, please come up on stage.  
 
Gaurav Gulati: For Motherson, IT has been a key focus area for many decades. And over 
this period of years, we have built a bit of a unique proposition for ourselves. And today I 
would like to share some insights on that. So, for any company our size, they are bound to 
be a large set of software tools, which form the backbone of software operations. Now, for 
us, Motherson, it's the same. There's nothing different about it.  
 
However, what's a bit unique about it is most of this tech landscape is owned by Motherson. 
So it's built by Motherson for Motherson. Now, what does that really mean for us? Does it 
bring significant cost advantage? For sure. Does it bring unprecedented agility to our 
businesses?  
Definitely. But what's even more important is that over years, we are embedding our 
learnings in these systems, which in turn enables our businesses globally to leverage this 
tool set to improve their performance. And it's one of the biggest accelerators that we use to 
turn around our new acquisitions whenever we embark on those journeys. Now, while we are 
on the topic of technology, how can we not talk about AI? Typically, after the launch of 
ChatGPT, while we have seen phenomenal adoption of AI in the consumer space, but for 

 
 
 
Page 20 of 36 
 
large enterprises, the use of AI in a meaningful manner is still kind of undergoing its maturity 
curve. It was expected to be much better, much faster.  
 
It's taking more time than what was originally envisaged to be.  And lately, you may even 
would have heard and read material which suggests that a lot of companies are now toning 
investment down on AI projects or holding it back, a bit. But at Motherson, we have 100% 
conviction that AI is going to be the biggest leverage to incrementally create meaningful 
performance improvements. AI is going to change fundamentally how the work composition 
of a white-collar employee would look like, in just next one, two, three years. So, in a 
relatively shorter time frame, AI is going to change how the workers, they look like in an 
office. Our approach to AI is that we are not going to build core AI technology. What we are 
going to do instead is we are going to build platforms on top of these, core AI tech to 
leverage and harness what's eventually going to be available as a commodity. Our ambition, 
our goal is that we are going to be leaders in adoption of AI and deliver meaningful results to 
our businesses by using this technology.  And with our initial set of launches, we are already 
seeing that AI is amplifying significantly the knowledge work as well as delivering meaningful 
insights to the business functions where it matters most. Whether we look at shop floor use 
cases or whether we look at the more sophisticated production planning and all those white-
collar use cases, it's impactful all over the place.  
So the opportunity is very, very significant. Now, just to give you a flavour of it, I will share 
with you one very simple use case on one of the processes. Some 15 odd years back, 
Chairman initiated a process called DO 33. What DO 33 meant was every plant in 
Motherson, every month, will share at least one improvement idea with Chairman, 
highlighting what they did to improve their factory. What did they do? How did it went?  
 
What went right? What went wrong? And what were the gains that they derived? So, this 
used to come in email, in PDF, and every plant for last 15 years has done that. Now simply 
putting this humongous amount of unstructured data into an AI tool set, we realize users are 
able to derive far more meaningful insights from this repository, courtesy AI interface that we 
built onto it. And I have a short AV to give you some more insights on this process.  
 
Video (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Gaurav Gulati: So how do we execute this vision for a large conglomerate like us? As 
Vaaman was mentioning, we have our internal IT organization, and not just any IT 
organization. It's a CMMI Level 5 maturity assist company with ~3,000 engineers. And just to 
give you a background, approximately 40% of these engineers have been recruited in past 
two years. So this is the period when almost, or I would say, most of the companies were 
downsizing their tech workforce. Motherson was consistently improving on our capabilities 
and capacities to serve to our five -year plans.  And we are going to continue to do that for 
our plan 2030 also.  
 
Now, one of the very unique capabilities within this IT organization I would just like to 
highlight is we did some 20 plus acquisitions in the last two years. 100% of those 
acquisitions, irrespective of their size, whether they were 5 million, 1 million, 500 million, all 
of them were integrated into Motherson by our own IT folks. So, we had almost negligible 
involvement of external tech vendors to bring those acquisitions home. And this is one of the 
very, very unique capabilities which is running at a peak maturity within Motherson. Now, 
going forward to Vision 2030, We are going to simply amplify our efforts on technology 

 
 
 
Page 21 of 36 
 
leverage to deliver superior business results. And in that direction, we have set ourselves 
very ambitious goals of at least automating 30% incremental workloads or transactions using 
agentic AI and bots. This would translate into at least 15% of additional efficiency being 
delivered on our white collar workforce.  
So Vaaman, with that exciting target, we are really on to this phenomenal journey.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you so much, Gaurav. We will continue to invest in IT. As 
you can see, that's a backdrop of our new building that's coming up. We are opening up 
multiple centres where we are going to harbour even more software engineers as we believe 
that we really can transform the way manufacturing is happening globally and with the 
advent of AI and our superior experience of being able to manufacture in different countries 
with different processes. We have all the knowledge that AI wants as data lakes to be able to 
come up with supreme production techniques and manufacturing processes and we believe 
we have extremely exciting future coming up where we're going to have dark factories. 
That's our ambition to have a lot of our processes to be in complete darkness and be able to 
manufacture anywhere in the world right next to our customers doorstep and compete with 
any other cost base in the world.  
 
Another huge opportunity in this five-year period is, of course, turning around the red units 
that we have inherited with the 23 acquisitions that we have taken. I told you all before that 
there was a lot of chaos in the world, a lot of units that were not performing well, where the 
customer has asked us to step in. This new number for this five -year plan is 70 red units. A 
lot of them are in developed countries, such as Europe.  And again, seeing the wonderful 
work we did with the last five-year plan and converting the red units. I believe, again, this is a 
huge opportunity for us to bring a lot of cash flow back into the business and almost a 1,000 
plus crore opportunity to deliver directly to the bottom line. And who else to take you through 
it and what we are doing in a concentrated way to replicate our success in the last five-year 
plan, that turnaround of red units?  
 
I'd like to invite on stage Christophe Ancey, Head of Modules and Polymer Division, and right 
in the centre of all the turnaround of the units. Christophe, please come up on stage.  
 
Christophe Ancey: Thank you very much, Vaaman. Good evening, everybody. You actually 
squeezed pretty much all my introduction, but never mind. What has been presented before, 
80% of the red units between 20 to 25 have been eliminated down to 10. The 70, we're not 
the same journey. It's not by chance.  
 
By the nature of our ingoing growth, we do inherit some of the units. 70 is the number. But 
our talent, one of our key talent, is to turn them around and improve the operational 
efficiency all along the P&L line. We talk about material yield, scrap reduction, lean 
management, Kaizen workshops, automation, logistic cost reductions. We talk about 
overheads reductions. We also talk about restructuring when, unfortunately, Not avoidable.  
 
So we have the complete toolkit, the toolbox that have been presented within Motherson to 
turn them around. This is really part of Motherson toolkit and core competence. One 
example, MPP Brazil 2020 minus $10 million, 2025 plus $10 million, speaks by itself. 
Complete turnaround. In terms of ROCE, not only do we have detailed action plan on EBIT, 
on the top line, and we have the complete toll kit represented over there, but also detailed 
action plan on the employee capital, and more precisely on the free cash flow, inventory 

 
 
 
Page 22 of 36 
 
management, inventory reduction to the just needed. We talk about, excuse me for that, the 
payment terms. Payment terms management to a far more balanced equation, because we 
find sometimes incredible unbalanced situations. And finally, obviously, the CAPEX. CAPEX 
to the just needed,  
reuse of capex and we had an amazing example from this injection machine from first 
machine actually invested into the group but also working a lot on the efficiency, the OAE of 
the machine and its usage over the week the TEP which we also have in our toolkit. So, with 
all of this sweating the asset is the work which has been mentioned several times and this is 
all in order to transform most of an OBDA into free cash flow each single individual plant as 
its action plan. Our engineering working capital is also having a lot of focus, obviously. And 
for that, boosting our Indian capabilities is a key asset that we own. We are doing 
engineering from an engineering side, the CAD, the simulation, CAE. We talk about 
validation, but also the tools and equipment. We have seen the equipments from Amit, but 
we're also making our tools ourselves.  
 
The other element for the engineering working capital is to invest in flexible capex. One of 
the issues that we face, and especially in Western regions, is that the volumes are pretty 
much unpredictable. And investing for dedicated capex is sometimes extremely risky. If I 
may say, we have sometimes plants which are full of equipment which are not working. So 
designing for equipment which can be used for several programs is fundamental, and that 
we have. Door panel assembly line, flexible air vent assembly line, flexible, but also 
automated, by the way, and bumper assembly, flexible for different projects. And finally, for 
the engineering working capital improvement, the program management excellence is 
absolutely fundamental. First, for a full customer satisfaction, and second, for an on -time 
payment. So at the end of the day, in Motherson, what is our secret? Our secret is amazing 
people, very structured actions, and very robust systems. Thank you very much.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you so much, Christophe. All the best for the five-year plan. 
As you can see, we're extremely focused on every single contributor to the top line and 
bottom line, and improving each and every one of those things will result in a significant 
increase in ROCE. And I'm quite sure just in the last five -year period, in this five -year period 
too, we will turn around all those red parts and contribute significant amounts of free cash 
flow to our bottom line. With that, the first chapter of the chakra is concluded, and I move on 
to customer trust.  
 
As you know, we talked about operational excellence that increases customer trust, which is 
our focus. And what speaks more of our customer trust in us than us being awarded more 
than 500 awards in this last five -year period for our quality, for our delivery. Thank you very 
much. That's the most meaningful for us because it really does give us the recognition for 
our QCDDMSCS efforts. And a lot of them have been displayed at the back a lot of them are 
hanging at our plants globally and that's a like a huge amount of honour and read you know 
moment of being proud for us that the customer acknowledges that we've really been in the 
top 1% of their supply chain and that's something that we really covered as you can see we 
bought out some of those awards to show you in the display centre. So when the customer 
trust goes up and you are in the top performing rank of the customers, other customers hear 
about you. Reputation is really something that precedes ourselves. And this is something 
that has attracted a lot of other customers to us as well and allowed us to penetrate different 
verticals. I want to talk about something extremely exciting in Motherson. Like five years ago, 
we practically had zero business in this industry. We targeted it, the aerospace, and now 

 
 
 
Page 23 of 36 
 
we're one of India's fastest growing aerospace component companies with a really bright 
future. And I have a short video to introduce it.  
 
Video Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Not only are we investing in France upgrading our facilities over 
there, but we're building state-of-the-art facilities and bringing parts which have never been 
done in India before. And it's something to be extremely proud of as an Indian rooted 
company that we can really bring these technologies into India started with zero five years 
ago already 250 million with more than billion in the order book. And I would like to call up on 
stage the head of this division who made it possible. Kunal Bajaj, please come on stage and 
tell everybody the secrets of your success. 
  
Kunal Bajaj: Thanks, Vaaman. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I know it was a long 
video, but I hope you got a sense of what we are doing in aerospace today. You know, it's 
taken us a lot of hard work, perseverance, patience, honesty, and grit to be able to create 
trust in our customer. And once you create that trust is when you create magic. And what 
does that magic means?  We've had an astounding 550 times growth in the last five-year 
plan. Like Vaaman mentioned, today Motherson is one of the fastest growing Indian 
aerospace companies. Today, Motherson is the only Indian Company that is exporting 
aerospace components to Japan. And this one I am really proud of. This one I'm really proud 
of, any Airbus, any Airbus, or Boeing aircraft that flies today has a Motherson part on it.  
Now you're all thinking, that's great Kunal, well done. What's next? What does the next five 
years look for us? An aircraft is made of more than a million unique part numbers. We're only 
doing 6,000. So there is a huge opportunity for us to increase content per platform. This is 
something that we're keeping our eye on. The second thing I want to talk to you about is our 
presence. Where is an aircraft built today? An aircraft is built in Europe or in the United 
States, which is why our customer wants us asked us to acquire AD Industries in France. It's 
very important for us to be close to the final assembly line. And given that, we are going to 
work with our customer to ensure we do more acquisitions in Europe and in North America 
so that we are able to do more complex parts and we're able to do larger assemblies. Point 
three, as I had mentioned in the video, propulsion is the largest portion of our business. Now 
as the install base in Europe and the US ages, you will require maintenance, repair and 
overall. Now guess who makes those parts? We make those parts. As the fleet in India 
increases, it will require maintenance. We make those parts.  
 
We have already signed today two customers in the MRO space. We are working with a 
European airline. We're also working with the MRO division of a major engine supplier to 
supply aftermarket parts to them. So, this is a really exciting space and please watch out for 
this. And last but not least, Lastly, we touched upon this in the video again, given the 
capability and the reputation that we have built in the aerospace domain, we were 
approached by a major semiconductor equipment supplier to do exactly for them what we 
have done in the aerospace domain. So very, very exciting times for us.  We're really looking 
forward to the next five-year plan. Thank you and keep flying.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you, Kunal. That was wonderful. Ladies and gentlemen, one 
of the most exciting verticals, probably ripe for the independence that I spoke about, and a 
lot of things are going to happen in this vertical. I think some of you also are seeing the 
feedback that we are getting from the customers in this division. We're absolutely setting the 

 
 
 
Page 24 of 36 
 
benchmark and raising the bar for the competency that we can build out of India and of 
course growing with competence in what we are doing right next to the customer in France 
and other locations as well. So thank you so much.  
 
I think this is a fantastic achievement of a group that had no presence in aerospace five 
years ago and now is really leading the forefront of technology investments and 
developments for the leading airplane makers in the world. Now I'm going to talk about 
another exciting industry which we didn't even target in the last five-year period. This one 
was special. The customer actually came to us because they had done their diligence on us. 
They saw what we have been able to achieve as a company for our customers in execution, 
in partner management, and being able to do large scale projects and learn very quickly 
from new technologies.  
 
And I'm really excited to talk to you about the consumer electronics segment, which we have 
been pushed into and is really growing at a mind boggling rapid pace and I would like to call 
up on stage the head of this division Vishal Kabadi head of lighting and electronics in the 
group to really tell you all the exciting stuff that is happening in this new vertical in 
Motherson. Vishal all yours.  
 
Vishal Kabadi: Thank you before we get to the consumer electronics space, I'm always 
instilled with a lot of pride when we talk about what we've done in the lighting industry in the 
automotive space. We were the last entrant to get into the Indian automotive industry, but 
we've grown more than 10x over the last 10 years to emerge as India's largest player in the 
passenger car industry. And with all humility, we've done our best to help our customer 
evolve the product. As you may know, in your own vehicles, the product has moved from a 
very simple, bulb based plastic product to an extremely stylish commodity, full of electronic 
content, a lot of value engineering, a lot of engineering. And that makes us very proud when 
you go on the streets to see that today the lighting product on the car is at par with the 
western world. We've used those capabilities to kind of pivot to the consumer electronics 
industry, an industry which we had never even planned to get into. But just think about this.  
 
New customer we never worked with, new product, new process, new technology. A scale 
which is unheard of and one of the world's largest and most admired brands, handpicks 
Motherson as their trusted partner to not only help in their overall global supply chain, but to 
partner with them in creating an entire ecosystem in India. That is something we need to be 
immensely proud of, not only as Motherson, but I think as every Indian. When we talk about 
scale and what we are trying to do, and I'll show you that in the AV where we are building 
this, monstrous, single -piece, largest facility that any industry has made in India. But to give 
you some context, what the highest selling volume is done by any car in India in a year, we 
have to produce that level of components in one day. And that's why we are building this 
facility, the size of 33 football fields, and we won't even play football, in Chennai and it'll 
come up over the next 12 to 18 months.  
 
We're in the city of Mumbai. We love Bollywood. I'll let the AV do the talking and happy to 
take all of your questions during the interactive session. May we have the AV please?  
 
Video Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 

 
 
 
Page 25 of 36 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: You would have all thought that our biggest plant would probably 
come in automotive, thinking making bumpers, dashboards, door trims. It's in consumer 
electronics. It's the size of 33 football fields coming together to put one line. And that is the 
rapid scale of expansion and growth that Motherson is going to experience in the next five 
years in multiple industries as you've already seen with aerospace, now consumer 
electronics and other industries as well. As Prakash spoke about in the video, we have more 
intentions with this than just producing a product. We want to be sustainable.  
 
We want to be able to have complete energy independence in this plant. And for that, we 
created our own energy vertical. It's a new vertical in Motherson that is going to focus on our 
energy needs and make us energy independent in the next five years. I'm going to ask on 
stage now Mr. Kunal Vohra, head of this division and one of the newest members of the 
Motherson family. to take you through what he's building in this exciting new vertical as well.  
 
Kunal Vohra: Thank you, thank you Vaaman and very good evening everyone. So, you 
heard from Vaaman in terms of our growth targets, right? We have to do 4x topline. You 
heard from Vishal and Prakash about our entry in the electronics component manufacturing 
space, right? Massive, massive demand. You heard from Kunal Bajaj about our entry into 
semiconductor equipment manufacturing, right? And you heard from Barrie that we need to 
be sustainable. Our sustainability target is to reduce emissions by 50% by 2030 and be 
carbon net zero by 2040. Summarizing all of this, I'm going to paint a picture from a power 
demand perspective. What does this mean for the group? Currently, our power demand is in 
the range of 300 to 400 megawatts across the Globe. 4x top line, 4x power demand. We are 
looking at a demand of in excess of one gigawatt, which we would like to transition to 
renewables in a phased manner across our global operations. The graph that you see is the 
top seven countries by energy consumption and by emission intensity. These seven 
countries contribute about 80% in terms of our power volumes consumption and contribute 
84% of emissions. With India being the highest, no surprises there, we have in India one 
third of Motherson's global consumption is through India, and a little lower than half of the 
emissions contribution is through India. So, the strategy at our end is to work on these seven 
countries with a key focus on India at the centre, of the five-year plan. As we speak, projects 
worth 250 megawatts, hybrid captive projects, wind solar hybrids are under implementation 
in various states in India. These projects are expected to be completed over a two, two-and-
a -half-year timeline, which is when we will move to look at the other emission intensive 
countries, namely Germany, USA, China and so on. Now, how do we get there, right? How 
do we design a 100% green energy solution, keeping in mind the 2040 net zero vision? I'd 
like to present a brief case study on the Chennai facility that Vishal just spoke about, right? 
Demand for this unit is 100 megawatts. Yes, you heard me right. One single unit, 100 
megawatts. Just to give you a perspective, the existing demand of all Motherson facilities in 
India is 100 megawatts. So that is the scale of the energy requirement, which is why there 
was a need that was felt that we need a dedicated team that will come into place and help 
the group transition into renewables. So, I'm going to present a small case study. How do 
you achieve this? First, we are planning to set up a rooftop solar system. You saw the size of 
the roof. It's a single integrated roof as large as 33 football fields We have the potential of 
doing one of the world's largest solar rooftop Installations in the world on this particular roof. 
Thank you. Step two, we plan to implement a wind solar hybrid captive project in the state of 
Tamil Nadu, which will be connected at an EHV level, to the state transmission utility and 
supply power to our unit. This will take the total grid offset to about 65%. The last 25 to 30% 
will be done by implementing additional renewable capacity with battery energy storage 

 
 
 
Page 26 of 36 
 
systems, power trading solutions, as well as minimal purchase of green energy attributes to 
reach 100% green power, not by 2040, not by 2035, but by 2030 for this particular facility. 
The same solution we intend to deploy across the top seven countries that you see in a 
phased manner, in order to achieve our sustainability targets.  
 
So, what does this mean? What does this mean for the Motherson Group? This critical 
initiative will ensure that we meet our sustainability targets as a group, we achieve energy 
independence, and there is reliable supply of renewable power to the group while at the 
same time significantly and substantially reducing the cost of our power procurement and 
contributing directly to our bottom line and propelling the group forward to achieve our 2030 
targets. Thank you very much. That's all from me. I'll be very happy to engage with you all 
after the presentation.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you, Kunal.  
 
As you can see, our ambition is growing and growing. And we have multiple new 
opportunities to create all these new verticals, servicing just Motherson, our need, and then, 
of course, in the future, expanding well beyond that as well. With that, that concludes the 
trust side. And now I am moving on to the next part of the chakra, which is we're asked to do 
more. As I had told you before, that asked to do more means a whole bunch of different 
things. One, of course, winning more orders from our customers' wallet share. But not only 
that, setting up new joint ventures, setting up technical partnerships, getting technical 
capability where our customer wants, it is absolutely key. And of course, one of the biggest 
multipliers in Motherson, the acquisitions piece. Motherson does not wake up in the morning 
and say, OK, let's go attack this company today, that company today. We wait for the 
customers to tell us, Motherson, you did a great job in the wire harness, in aerospace, in X, 
Y, Z. Now I want you to help me find a solution for this problem of mine. And that's what we 
do. We listen to our customers, we find out where their problems are, and we go in the 
direction where they want us to go. If you ask me today, what is Motherson's strategy? 
Motherson does not have a strategy. Our strategy is to follow our customer's strategy and 
make them successful. We are a B2B company. If our customers are successful, we are 
successful.  
 
So we let them figure out the strategy and we are the execution partners and we do that 
absolutely brilliantly, which again enables us to grow in perpetuity as long as we are 
satisfying their demands and adding new customers to the portfolio. Now, one of the biggest 
places or white spaces which we had spoken about in the last investor conference was our 
wish and our dream to expand in Japan. As you know, the first joint venture was Sumitomo 
san out of Japan. And the first opportunity we got was from the Suzuki Maruti joint venture 
that happened to build cars in India. So my father always felt and was his dream to have 
opportunity to give back to Japan and to, you know, expand operations in Japan. And in this 
five -year period, we got that opportunity. We expanded meaningfully in Japan. And to talk all 
about that and our flourishing presence over there, I want to thank you. Like to call up on 
stage Goel San and Kachi San, who are responsible in that region. So please come up on 
stage and tell everybody the wonderful work that we're doing in Japan.  
 
Rajesh Goel: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Japan and Honda, synonymous. All of 
us know Honda to be a very high technology company. They make everything from small 
engines to motorbikes, cars. and even small private jet aircrafts. But when it comes to their 

 
 
 
Page 27 of 36 
 
home country, Japan, this high technology company can be super traditional, super 
conservative, specifically when it comes to their reputation, their face in front of all the 
stakeholders and the Japanese public at large.  
 
And yet this very same super traditional, super conservative Honda decided to entrust a 
foreign, a non-Japanese, a gaijin company, Motherson, with not one, not two, but three of 
their supplier companies. Yes, Yachiyo, Atsumitec, the two names that you see here. And 
third one is Yutaka, which we just announced a couple of days ago, and we are in the 
process of closing. This speaks volumes about the confidence which Honda has in 
Motherson. And it's not just confidence, it is also trust in terms of how Motherson manages 
its business, how we treat our customers and the common values that we share. It's a huge 
green space for us to expand in. But more than that, I think all of us are aware nobody 
manages shop floors better and more efficiently than the Japanese.  And it's a huge 
opportunity for us to take this know-how from all the acquired companies and deploy it 
across all the global plants of Motherson to create that multiplier effect. Kachi San. Thank 
you Goel. Now we are going to show you Atsumitec and Yachiyo's characteristics and the 
progress as a member of the Motherson. Please check our video.  
 
Video Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: I'm very proud to say that we were handpicked by Honda San 
exclusively for all these opportunities that we have got. Like we said, it's an extreme big 
responsibility to make sure that these companies can thrive. And the advantage of 
Motherson is that we can now take all these technologies that were exclusively used for 
Honda San and cross sell them to all our customers globally and also vice-versa. Now with 
our extremely strong relationship and trust that's built up with Honda San, I mean you saw 
this company Yachiyo, it was actually started by Shinichiro San, Honda San’s best friend.  
 
So, it has a long lineage, long history and for them to entrust this company in Motherson’s 
hands speaks volumes of the trust that we've been able to achieve with this customer and 
now our ability to cross that also back into Honda San all the other products, so I'm really 
excited by this opportunity. I think it's a huge responsibility that we take very seriously and 
it's going to show some real colours in this next five years as we expand and grow this 
business and bring in the wonderful technologies that you saw in automation, robotics, and 
even power up even more of robust together with that to take Motherson to the next level.  
So, I've spoken about our capabilities, we've spoken about new verticals, we've spoken up 
our scorecard. One thing that's still missing is talking about our people. Our people are what 
make everything possible at Motherson? It's our people that are driving towards the vision 
2030 and striving endlessly to make sure that we can deliver all up to our customers 
expectations. So I wanted to take a moment and I'm sorry, I skipped one slide in between I 
have to talk about of course the acquisitions that we have done and I'll come back to our 
people in a minute, but if you look at the 23 acquisitions that we have done and of course 
the 47 or 48 now that was just recently announced acquisitions that we have done, we 
obviously have to have a very, very strong M&A network and framework in Motherson itself. 
We have our own team regionally and globally sitting and making sure that all the 
acquisitions that we are doing fit into Motherson's philosophy. There is not one acquisition 
that, you know, misses one of these points because of our strenuous activities that we do 
before the acquisition and making sure that one it fits with the Motherson philosophy. There 
is a there's a fit in in the mind between the company that we are taking over and our culture 

 
 
 
Page 28 of 36 
 
here at Motherson. Of course, making sure that the customer wants us to go after it, as you 
have seen in all the 23 acquisitions, the customer has been pushing that. And we see a path 
to improving that acquisition so that we can deliver a return. If there's nothing that we can 
add to that acquisition, then why are we really doing it? 
  
So, we have to have a path and a plan in the next few years with investing in the company, 
working closely with the customer, how we can make sure that we can give the returns to our 
shareholders. So we have extremely financial and operational discipline with all the 
acquisitions that we go after, and make sure that there's an operating company holding the 
hand and saying, yes, I'm the one that's going to drive this company, make sure that it fits 
into everything about Motherson, understands the Motherson DNA, our culture, and is able 
to really deliver where we want it to do. So, 23 acquisitions have been done in this five-year 
plan, all following that path, and we have been extremely successful at that. One more thing, 
Motherson does not buy and sell companies. We buy, we invest, we grow companies. Till 
date, we have not sold one company from our fold.  
 
And that is again an amazing thing. Achievement and something that attracts all the 
customers to us who sees us as a responsible owner for these companies and will invest 
and grow and provide a bright future for all those people working in that company. So that's 
another reason of our success and why our M&As have been so successful. As I was talking 
about before, the only piece that I miss talking about is our people, our capital. The biggest 
capital that we have, the biggest asset that we have is our people. And I wanted to bring on 
stage someone to talk about this, to tell you how we integrate the new people that are 
coming on board and how we train our people to make sure that they can take up more and 
more responsibilities and drive towards Vision 2030.  
 
I'd like to call up on stage Mr. Andreas Heuser, head of the chairman's office in all of Europe 
and a key member of the Motherson leadership team. Andreas, the stage is yours.  
 
Andreas Heuser: Thank you, Vaaman. First of all, a warm welcome from my side as well. It 
took me, the chart is made for me, Motherson stay, Motherson for decades. I just completed 
20 years this week. And that makes it even more difficult, because for the first time in 20 
years, they asked me to speak in an investor conference.  And maybe there's a reason for it. 
I need to figure that out. But the big risk is now that I'm going to disappoint you a lot. And this 
is very tough for a German to be disappointing, because all my colleagues so far have 
shown you all what is new, all what has been developed over the last five years. I and they 
have a lot of videos and there's so many nice charts and the only chart they gave me is this 
one. And this is actually 20 years old.   
 
There is a saying at least, and I'm sure it's a global one in Germany, we say never change a 
winning team or never change a winning process. Because in Motherson what we do, and I 
will not lead you through the whole Orga chart because definitely we have set up an 
organization which is taking compliance extremely serious, this is a given. But for us 
growing, where we have started, for me 20 years back, for us, the biggest importance was, 
how do we maintain that? What is our core strengths? What is in our DNA? How do we keep 
the speed? How do we keep the people feeling that we are working for a family business? 
And at the same time, taking decisions as fast as we have been at a size 20 years back, 
yeah? And this is actually what Mr. Sehgal has, when he told me to join Motherson, and he 
said, you will be the Chairman's office, I have not really understood what it means. And he 

 
 
 
Page 29 of 36 
 
said, look, the only thing what you guys have to do is you support the divisions, you support 
the verticals.  
 
And this is why we show the business divisions absolutely in the centre. So in the end, the 
main function of us, and you see that we have five regional offices, we have small number of 
global functions, which have allowed us to keep the overhead structure extremely lean. And 
we don't replicate these special functions like legal, Tax, M&A, we don't replicate that in the 
verticals. We keep that separate in a very small centre in these Chairman's offices and we 
support. At the same time, a huge task for us, and this is what Vaaman has said, a huge task 
for us was how do we integrate and how do we make sure that the new companies 
understand? How are we what are we? How do we work and I can remember when we took 
over? MSAS Frederic Boumaza asked me and said what is the Chairman's office doing and I 
said I'm nothing else than the interpreter to you to explain how we work at the same time. It's 
very important to understand have a direct access for our verticals to the shareholders and 
this is handling via the Chairman's offices to make sure we don't lose speed. There is a 
direct access to us and we organize whatever has to be decided from the shareholder, which 
keeps us as agile as we need to be in the in the day-to-day business. But at the same time 
from the Chairman's offices, we try to coordinate and we try to create synergies and to 
create and drive programs across the verticals and one is that is exactly what Vaaman has 
told me and what Vaaman has spoken about is, how do we focus on people. And there has 
always been a saying of Mr. Sehgal to say, how do we create inside Motherson a number 
two.  And I was actually shocked when Kunal told, what was the number, 2,000 years of 
experience, that was a terrible number. I felt old when he said how much experience we 
have. But unfortunately with experience, sometimes as well, age is coming.  And that makes 
it very important that we focus on our people and we develop the number two’s, not only for 
the top management team, but as well for the cascading it down. And what we have done all 
over the group is while Vishal is building a mega factory, we are building a talent factory 
across the globe.  
 
We have started a numerous number of programs which we all link together to make sure 
that we have sufficient bandwidth inside the management, not only to the business today, 
but as well the business which is coming up on our journey to 2030 that all together creates 
talents inside the group. We have a strong belief that there is enough talent inside the group 
but as well we need to be clear with the acquisitions, we take and we get talents as well from 
outside. So we are not concerned on the upcoming journey that we have enough if we focus 
on our own talents. If we run these programs, we all are following our Chairman by 
developing the number two’s and with this I'm sure we are well prepared for the journey 
2030. I will not go and not have the time to go in all the details of these programs. Would be 
very happy afterwards at a drink or at the dinner to give you a bit more insight. But from my 
side, thank you very much.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you, Andreas. So, with that, I think we've concluded that 
chapter of being asked to do more and having the talent possible. As you can see, we 
always hire from within. At Motherson, we have a policy, if you leave us, you come back only 
next life. We do not rehire because it's unfair to our people who've stuck with us. We give 
our people the opportunity to rise up. There are many people in the group in leadership 
positions that have had no experience or history of being in that position in previous 
organizations or in the group. We empower them, we train them, we give them everything 
that they need to make sure that they can rise up into new roles and fulfil their opportunities.  

 
 
 
Page 30 of 36 
 
 
The part of our purpose is to make sure that we give sustainable growth opportunities, like I 
said, to our people and we do that by following this principle and training our people and 
making them step up into all these new roles. If a lot of the people in the senior management 
team that you meet today, you ask them what they were doing when they entered Motherson 
and what they are doing today, they'll be doing completely different things. So that again 
goes to show the strength of our entire philosophy of our culture is making sure that we trust 
our people and allow them to grow within the organization.  
 
Now, I'm moving to one of the final sections of the presentation and the chapter on the 
chakra, which is increasing content and value. Of course, we want to be in products that are 
continuously increasing so that we can add more and more features, add more and more 
content to them, and that increases our sales, that increases the solution opportunities for 
our customers. And I want to show you some examples and talk about that. But who better 
to talk about that than the head of our wire harness business and the head of SAMIL, listed 
entity the wire harness has been our traditional business and our bread-and-butter business 
and there is one business that is still the largest in the Motherson portfolio and continues to 
grow strength in strength. Thanks to the excellent leadership of Pankaj sir. Pankaj sir, please 
come on stage and tell everybody how you are continuously breaking records.  
 
Pankaj Mital: Thank You Vaaman Sir. Good evening. Well, I will be explaining to you about 
how we have been moving into the vertical integration and how it has helped create value. 
Way back in the late 80s, when we were building wiring harnesses and importing a lot of 
child parts, the government of India didn't have finances, the foreign currency, to allow us to 
continue to import, and our localization started with a constraint.  So, we were forced to 
localize. And what came out of constraints and challenges actually became a strength over a 
period of time. And that has been the history of Motherson in every of our businesses, that 
when there are challenges around, we find opportunities which strengthen us and we 
become stronger over a period of time. Let's look at this chart.  A wiring harness has multiple 
components. It has got connectors, it has got terminals, junction boxes, wires. Wires were a 
home business for the Sehgal family before getting into wiring harness. But over a period of 
time, the technology was changing. So, Mr. Sehgal gave that business to the company to 
make and diversify it into a super slim wires and other technological innovations which were 
coming at that time. Connectors allowed us to do injection moulding. What he did was, he 
said, we have to invest in world class quality with world class best machinery.  
 
At that time, and we were very small, we were about 10 crore company when I joined. And 
most important thing from him was that we should not sacrifice our name. Hence, quality is a 
must. We don't make money at this moment, doesn't matter, but we have to ensure that we 
build a name for the future. Customers saw us doing injection moulding, and they gave us 
opportunities to do different components. They asked us to do little bigger parts. Then they 
said, make even bigger parts and that allowed us to have joint ventures. So, from a 
component maker, like connectors, we started to build products like door trims and bumpers, 
so we got into a relationship with BTR. BTR, jokingly we used to call it Best Run, this was 
British Tire and Rubber. It got converted into MATE when they decided to move away from 
automotive business. And then customers globally, global customers came to India and they 
saw what MATE was doing. They gave us the opportunities to pay, perform and then reddle 
and today we have Yachiyo San also coming into which is the whole modules and polymer 
business which is very big. So something which starts very small can have the ability to 

 
 
 
Page 31 of 36 
 
become very big and this is what you will see in the whole Group today with all the displays 
that whatever we are doing, even in new products. Any new activity which we add has the 
ability to become very big, if we do it very well. Similarly, terminals allowed us to do pressure 
stamping. Today we are not pressure stamping terminals only in India, but other parts of the 
world like North America.  
 
Not only that, it allowed us to pressure stamp today parts for body in white and not only do 
cold stamping but also hot stamping, and even big parts like the long members of chassis of 
the trucks. So, each business can grow to a very big level. Making wires allowed us to do 
compounding. Today we do compounding of our PVC. We do compounding of polymers for 
our polymer business. So each business segment has grown into bigger and bigger 
elements.  
While this happened, which allowed us to change constraints and challenges into 
opportunities as markets were changing, we also created a whole value chain. We had few 
customers in the beginning. As more customers came, more launches were coming, we 
understood that design is extremely important, and we invested in design. We invested in 
doing tooling in-house. We invested in jigs and fixtures and other things.  
 
It allowed us to reduce the time to market and become a preferred partner to our customers. 
We also added testing facilities, world-class testing facilities, where a newly designed 
product can be verified, so a design validation can happen. Any problem which happens, the 
root cause can be analyzed. This allowed us to continue to become a preferred partner and 
a fully developed design, engineering, manufacturing assembly partner. While we created all 
these capabilities, when constraints came in supply chain in the last five years, it allowed us 
to develop new products, eliminate those constraints by developing parts very fast, like 
spatial cables, spatial cable assemblies, which had long lead time and customers supported 
us to approve them very fast.  
 
We could become much better and much bigger. So, if we see our history in the last five 
years, we have grown nearly at the same level which we did in the last 35 years of our 
history in the wiring harness division. I would encourage you to see the area, where we are 
showcasing all these products which we are building. It also allowed us to showcase these 
strengths and get into many other areas, many other industries. You saw Kunal talk about 
aerospace, Gaurav talked about IT.  So while we invested in all these areas, we were also 
investing in IT.                           Mr. Sehgal, from the very beginning, liked computers and 
computerization. So, when I joined the company, even in 1990, we had computers. We were 
the first ones in the industry to get laptops. We were still working on FoxPro, FoxSpace, 
SuperCal, Lotus 1, 2, 3, everything. And this allowed us in the 90s to change all our software 
engineers to make a company called MIND, which is today MTSL, and supports the entire 
Group.  And it is the backbone of our Group, because when we acquire or we go global, we 
are able to fetch data without disturbing the current IT systems which that company deploy. 
So, this is all I would like to say that this is not just the story of wiring harness, but it is a story 
which is getting replicated in all the geographies and it is also getting replicated in all the 
divisions of Motherson. So, thank you very much for your patient listening.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you. As you can see, what started as one simple connector 
has now mushroomed into so many different verticals, so many different products, so many 
different industries. And it's all thanks to the great work done by the Wiring Harness team. I 
want to talk more about these sort of examples. And all of you know that the real pivotal 

 
 
 
Page 32 of 36 
 
moment in Motherson's history was when we acquired SMR in 2009. That was the peak of 
the financial crisis. We transformed ourselves from being an Indian company to really being 
a multinational company and that company has really flourished and done phenomenally 
well. When we acquired it, it had top line of only 500 million. Today it's 2.2 billion. And we got 
it practically for free. So, calculate the ROCE on that. Anyway, I have to talk about the growth 
about that and how we have really engineered that product and developed that product into 
much more than just mirrors, into sophisticated camera systems, can tell you a lot about 
driving behaviour and increased safety standards. But who else to talk about that than the 
head of this division and someone who's been on that journey with me since the start of 
SMR and even before that in the group. Rajat, please come on stage and share all the 
wonderful things you're doing in SMR.  
 
Rajat Jain: Thank you, Vaaman. Thanks a lot. A very good evening, ladies and gentlemen. 
So yeah, truly Vaaman, it has been an incredible journey, going from 500 million euros to 2.3 
billion euros now. And all of this has been possible with the growing trust that we could get 
from our customers. And while on one hand, we continue to grow our traditional mirror 
business, we've also worked very closely with our customers and engaged with them to 
create value with new technology. And as I stand today in front of you, I feel very proud to 
show you how we have developed competence in a completely new technology domain to 
manufacture camera monitoring systems. At Motherson, the return to trust chakra is the 
driving principle for all of us. We do not believe in chasing blue sky technology. We do not 
believe in taking big speculative bets.  
 
Our philosophy is very clear. We want to do what customer tells us to do. We are quick 
learner, and we listen to the voice of the customer very closely. And this is exactly what we 
did to go ahead with the camera monitoring systems. It all started with Audi coming to us and 
asking us if we would like to engage with them on a proof of concept for CMS. And to be 
honest, we really did not have that knowledge of putting a system together like that at that 
time. But again, being a not yet company, we didn't say no. We said yes. We took the 
challenge. We grabbed the opportunity. We started putting a team together in Stuttgart of 
engineers. And we developed the competence as we went ahead.  
 
And we delivered it successfully. And that created the reputation that, yes, as a company, we 
can do CMS. The next was a sports car in Europe who had a limited volume program, but for 
mass production. And they came to us and said, would you like to engage with us on this 
program? I said, yes. And then, step by step, we grew on our competency. So, this, again, is 
in the Motherson way, you know the chakra where we try to do more, we gain the 
competency, we gain the trust. and then the customer returns the trust. The breakthrough for 
us was with MAN Trucks when they came to us and said, we would like to work with you. 
And it was really a very, very complex system. We have this in the display area. You'd like to 
see that. It has multiple cameras. There are multiple images which have to be stitched 
together. We didn't realize when we started the journey, but we had to actually put together 
2.3 million lines of coding to really deliver to the image quality and functional safety 
requirements that they had and then that went on. We went into Hyundai and Kia on the 
passenger car platforms. And honestly, when we started, we were really built to print in this 
domain.  
 
And step by step, growing competencies, we actually can today very confidently say we are 
a full system solution provider in this space. And we have developed a full suite of 

 
 
 
Page 33 of 36 
 
competency. We've been able to develop our own cameras now, we do our hardware, 
software, algorithms, we have a full testing lab, we do our EMC testing in house, we have an 
image quality lab in house, we do homologation and we have now in house expertise on 
cyber security, over the air updates and functional safety. So, all of this competence we've 
developed from a traditional mirror, we pivoted into this space. And of course, I think the 
market hasn't really gone so aggressive as we expected it to, but it's really picking up. It's 
heating up in the commercial vehicle space. We are also seeing the delta between traditional 
mirror and CMS reducing. When we started this journey, it was about 10x. I would say now 
it's going down to 2.53x. With and when we all understand how electronics pricing moves so 
over the years, I think it's going to change and it's going to see traction over there as well. 
But I think most important most important is that all these competencies are industry 
agnostic.  
 
They don't have to be limited to one division. While we continue to work on these 
competencies in business system, we actually shared resources across the divisions. We 
also have a lot of talent now moving into innovation, which is centrally supporting all the 
divisions in the group. So, this is really transferable to other divisions as well. In our 
divisions, we see a lot of traction with digital interim mirror. We, again, have displays here for 
you. We also see an opportunity to participate in the growing space of occupant monitoring 
system, of driver monitoring system. All of that is very, very related to what competencies 
we've built over a period of time. But then, more than that, I think we are very excited that 
this competence can be used across into other divisions, in defence, in off road, in 
healthcare. And all of this that we've built as competence and talent pool, we are very 
excited to say that we really look forward to growing our competence more and more going 
forward towards our 2030 targets.  
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you so much. Thank you so much. A wonderful success 
story in Motherson that continues to thrive, continues to develop new products, and delivers 
a much higher growth than 40% for us in the group. Really astounding performance and 
capabilities being developed by SMR. One of the other things that has been on people's 
minds is the Chinese OEMs and their dominance in EVs and how they are going to be 
successful when they move abroad and what's that going to do to the entire supply chain. I 
wanted to take a minute to really tell all of you that Motherson has an extremely strong 
foothold in China.  
 
We have 33 facilities doing multiple product lines with all our technologies already there. We 
have 13,000 talented people already in that region and five very strong joint venture local 
partners that help us navigate through all the that we have over there to help us solve and 
partner with us, to help us grow in that region with a local face that can really make sure that 
Motherson thrives in that country as well. So, we are very aligned to their ambitions as well. 
Wherever they want to go in the world, we already have a footprint and we already are 
supplying to most of them in China. We supplied to seven out of the top ten new electric 
vehicle manufacturers over there and wherever they go in the world, Of course, we can use 
those relationships and deepen our penetration with these car makers as well. And we 
believe that we will be extremely successful to grow with them in this next five period as well, 
if they so choose to partner with us.  
 
We are consistently growing our business in China as well, just like the rest of the world. And 
we believe it will be quite successful for us in this next five year as well. With all that you've 

 
 
 
Page 34 of 36 
 
seen, you're probably thinking, Motherson is getting quite large with our products. So how 
are they really going to go after this US$ 108 target that they have? Yes, new verticals is 
one, but the automotive is the bread-and-butter business of the company. And is there 
enough room for them to grow? So, with this slide, what I really wanted to showcase to you 
is that we mapped out all the different OEMs by region and all of our current products, not 
doing the not yet products that Motherson is in. And as you can see, there is still significant 
amounts of headroom for growth in different geographies, different customers, different 
product lines to hit quite a big number in that 108 target and dent it just with the growth in the 
automotive itself. A lot of those products are behind you, which, of course, we are doing. But 
you will see that Motherson will penetrate even more new products in this five- year plan with 
more and more problems that we are seeing in Europe. We're seeing in some of the 
developed countries a record number of bankruptcies.  
 
We have an extremely strong pipeline of mergers and acquisitions that will significantly allow 
us to reach very, very close to that number of 108. Just one big acquisition can be 
completely turning point for Motherson. We have doubled ourselves multiple times in the 
past So just imagine just one of two of these acquisitions in the products that we are already 
in that we have competence that the customer has immense trust on us gives us a large 
opportunity and you're seeing what's happening with a lot of these companies globally. 
When will the right time will be and we are selected, we definitely will go after that and again 
get very-very close to that 108 number just with the automotive opportunity that we have. 
Just to expand the imagination a little bit, since the start, we have progressively worked our 
way up the value chain from being tier 3, tier 2, tier 1, and now, tier 0 5. We're doing a lot of 
complicated just in sequence, just in supply kind of solutions for our customers, managing 
their entire supply chain, and also moving ahead in that assembly side with the acquisition of 
SAS that is focused on doing assembly. Envisage that in this next five-year plan we will get 
an opportunity to assemble a full car for our customers, for an OEM, and that is our ambition.  
 
And imagine what that will do for our 2030 targets. Let's be clear, we're not coming up with 
that. Motherson car just we're not going to compete with our customers we will do it for our 
customers. So that is something that we have progressively you know made our way up the 
value chain accumulating all these key technologies and we can manufacture a whole bunch 
of these parts, assemble these parts, deal with their complex supply chain and supply just in 
sequence, just in line. If the EV revolution is going to happen, more and more car makers will 
not want to do assembly. You have to understand that.  The reason why historically car 
makers did a lot of the assembly was because the engine was key technology. And if these 
vehicles are no longer going to have that, you will see that a lot of the motivation to keep 
assembly in house is going to go out. That is great news for us because that is our speciality. 
Yes, that is what creates the consistent cash flows, the dependability between the customers 
and us. And we now have full capability to be able to assemble a car. And that's going to be 
some exciting news that hopefully we have for you in this five -year period when we are 
successfully assembling cars.  
 
And not only cars, if we can do that for such a complex industry, we plan to do it for all the 
other industries that we have penetrated in, white goods, consumer electronics, and build 
fully finished products for our customers that, again, will take us significantly closer to that 
one way target that we have in 2030. And like I said, I'm proudly saying that we have all the 
capability already in house to be able to do that. So, summarizing everything that we have 
seen and all the examples that you have heard and presentations from our top leadership 

 
 
 
Page 35 of 36 
 
team, by doing all of this together, that's how we live our vision and become a Globally 
Preferred Sustainable Solution Provider. And that is really summing up everything that we 
have presented to you today.  
 
In recap, Motherson has successfully transformed from being a pure play auto component 
company to being a design, engineering, manufacturing, and assembly specialist. We have 
shown you that multiple customers in different industries have validated this thesis and given 
us very large opportunities of building multiple new factories and new products, harnessing 
new technologies, new materials, and we have successfully demonstrated that we can pivot 
and that we are a solution provider. A provider of choice by the car makers and we as a team 
now believe that we have created the platform for Vision 2030 and have everything that we 
require to go after it and of course to have a buy in from all of our people to show you that 
we are extremely motivated, convinced, and have the entire ability to go after this target, we 
all signed as a team a common declaration of intent where we say, yes, we are going after 
108, and we are going to give it everything possible. I want to show you a video of that.  
 
Video Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you, I really appreciate your patience. We're almost at the 
end. Some people are sighing. It's like longer than a Bollywood movie, but we are in 
Mumbai, the capital of Bollywood. So obviously, we had to have enough audio visuals to 
match the length of a Bollywood movie. But I hope we have given you a lot of insight as to 
and conviction as to how we're really going to go after 2030 targets we've all talked about 
how the company has changed but more importantly and I just want to summarize and 
maybe perhaps end on a slightly different note, because I think we have done our job to try 
to tell you where we are going in this next five year journey, and it's a very exciting one. 
While we have changed of course, we believe that the founding philosophy that Papa had 
set, of course, remains the same. So, while we are going after different industries, please be 
sure that the founding principles, the philosophy that Papa set the company with, that 
remains extremely intact. And you can see that we showed you our purpose, we showed you 
intent, we showed you our focus on sustainability, on our people, all the softer sides of 
Motherson. Because Motherson is more than just the numbers. We are a company that has 
a deep sense of purpose. And when you go on a journey like 108 billion in the next five 
years, you need something more than money or people, products, technologies. We have to 
tap into what is abundant in us already, which is our inspiration, our courage, our 
perseverance, and grit. And this is what we call a bit of that magic masala, or some people 
call it luck. I call it blessing.  
 
And I'm taking you back to the start of my presentation where I told you that before we 
started the Vision 2030, I wanted to go on a transformative journey personally, where I went 
to a very coveted place, a really spiritual perhaps capital for us as Hindus, to all the way to 
Tibet, to Mount Kailash, to take the blessings of Baba and prepare myself with purity of 
intent and take that blessing because we're going to go through numerous obstacles, 
challenges through this next five year path. To go to 108 is no joke. And you will need 
something more to make sure that you continue on that path. And that faith is something 
that's going to push us along this. I'm going to make sure that we don't stop believing all the 
way to the end that we can really get to 108. It was a life changing experience for me. And I 
want to end on this short documentary about my experience in Mount Kailash. I hope you 

 
 
 
Page 36 of 36 
 
enjoy it. And thank you so much for being patient with us and listening to all of us here. 
Please enjoy this. 
 
Video Clip (available in the video recording of the event) 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: Thank you. Thank you. So, I'd like to call up on stage Papa and our 
management team who was part of this presentation. And we all just wanted to say thank 
you to you, to all our investors, to all our partners, our bankers, every single person who is 
here to support us and has worked really hard to put up this entire show for you. Thanks, the 
internal team. And really, thank you for believing in us, for trusting us, for all these years of 
support. unwavering support that you have shown and even through all the tough times 
carrying us through. We all owe it to you and we say thank you very much from our heart.  
 
Thank you so much.  
 
 
