Email: investor.relations@tracxn.com 
Ph: +91 90360 90116 
Website: www.tracxn.com 
  
Date: August 13, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543638 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.​
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block,​
Bandra-Kurla Complex​
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: TRACXN 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on Thursday, August 07, 2025  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated August 07, 2025 wherein we had informed 
regarding the video link of the earnings call with analysts/investors for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2025.  
 
In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said call.  
 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e. 
https://cdn.tracxn.com/investor-relations/financials/Q1FY26_Earnings_Call_Transcript_L
dN49UGGWXtqBlr8Zy5J2.pdf 
 
Kindly take the above said information on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tracxn Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Megha Tibrewal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A39158 
 
Encl. A/a 
 
TRACXN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED | CIN: L72200KA2012PLC065294 
Registered Address: No. L-248, 2nd Floor, 17th Cross, Sector 6, HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka, 560102 
 
MEGHA 
TIBREWAL
Digitally signed by 
MEGHA TIBREWAL 
Date: 2025.08.13 
17:36:29 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY26-Earnings Conference Call 
August 7th, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Ms. Neha Singh, Chairperson and Managing Director 
Mr. Abhishek Goyal, Executive Director 
Mr. Prashant Chandra, Chief Financial Officer 
 
Host and Moderator: 
Ms. Devanshi Kamdar, Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Ltd 
Mr. Sidharth Agrawal, Systematix Shares and Stocks (India) Ltd 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  1 

 
Moderator: 
So, good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining us today on the Q1FY’26 earnings 
call of TracxnTechnologies Ltd. On behalf of Systematix, so me, Sidharth Agarwal and Ambrish 
Shah, we would like to thank the management of Tracxn for giving us this opportunity to host 
this earnings call. 
  
Today, we have on call with us Ms. Neha Singh, Co-founder, Chairperson and Managing 
Director, Mr. Abhishek Goyal, Co-founder, Vice Chairman and Executive Director and Mr. 
Prashant Chandra, Chief Financial Officer. I would now like to hand over the call to Neha to give 
her opening remarks and take us to the PPT and after that, we will open it up for the Q&A 
session. Please use the raise hand option to ask the questions or you can also submit your 
questions on the Q&A box at the bottom of your screen. 
  
Thanks and with that, over to you, Neha. 
  
Neha Singh: 
Thanks, Devanshi. A warm welcome to everyone. Thanks so much for joining us today for our 
earnings call for the first quarter of financial year FY’26. 
  
We are very excited to present the results for this quarter. In terms of format, we would like to 
run through a short presentation and I will share across some highlights for this period and also 
give some commentary along, right? And then we'll follow it up with a Q&A session. 
  
And please request you to go through the standard disclaimers for this presentation. A quick 
recap on our business. Tracxn is a data and software platform for the global private markets. 
  
If you look at the public market, it has multiple large companies, many of which are profitable 
and cash rich companies. As private markets are becoming large and important, it will also 
create platforms like these and we are building a global platform in this space. Our customers 
include venture capital funds, private equity funds, investment banks, as well as M&A teams 
and innovation teams of large Fortune 500 corporations. 
  
Also in terms of data, it's a global platform, so 60% of our revenue is international and we have 
customers in over 50 countries. I would like to begin by summarising the financial performance 
of Q1 FY’26. To set the context, we have one business and one legal entity, so you'll not see 
terms like standalone or consolidated. All the numbers that we talk about is for the business 
overall. Revenue from operations for Q1 FY’26 was 21.2 crores. This is a 3.2% growth on a 
year-on-year basis. Total income was 22.9 crores, which is an annualised run rate of 91.5 
crores. Coming to profitability, EBITDA and EBITDA margin for the quarter was negative 0.2 
crore and 0.9 respectively. Also to add, this EBITDA includes all the non-cash expense also, like 
ESOP charge. 
  
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  2 

 
PAT for the same period was positive 1.1 crores and PAT margin was 5.3%. On the cash side, 
the business continued to generate positive free cash flow. Free cash flow for Q1 FY’26 was 2.6 
crores. Cash and cash equivalents stood at 98.6 crores. This is an increase of 22.7% on a 
year-on-year basis or an increase of 18.2 crores in absolute terms on a year-on-year basis, 
right? So that's a fairly large increase. Coming to some of the other key metrics of the business, 
our customer accounts continued to grow at a very good pace. 
  
Our number of active customer accounts reached 2,030 at the end of Q1 FY’26, which is a 
43.7% increase on a year-on-year basis. Deferred revenue for Q1 was 37.9 crores, which is a 
growth of 6% on a year-on-year basis. In the subsequent slides, I'll be covering each of the 
metrics that we talked about in more detail, starting with revenue. Revenue from operations is 
essentially revenue from platform subscriptions. Bulk of the revenue is subscription-based, so 
it's a fairly high-quality revenue. Also, please note, this is accrued revenue. So though we do 
prepaid billing and collections like most other financial data platforms you may have used, we 
only recognise revenue for the time duration falling within the reporting period for which the 
service was made available. As discussed, revenue from operations in Q1 was 21.2 crores and 
total income was nearly 23 crores. We've also added historical data for the last financial year for 
reference here. 
  
Coming to profitability, we continue to have profitable operations. EBITDA for Q1 was negative 
0.2 crores. Please note, this also includes a non-cash expense. 
  
So if we exclude the non-cash expense, the EBITDA was positive 0.4 crores for Q1. PAT for Q1 
was 1.1 crores. If we exclude the non-cash expense, the adjusted PAT is 2 crores. 
  
Another metric that we tracked is basically the incremental revenue going into bottom line. In 
FY’21 and 22, this metric was close to 80%. In FY’23 and 24, these was 31% and 43% 
respectively. 
  
In FY’25 and Q1 of FY’26, the incremental revenue was offset by the increase in cost as we are 
aggressively investing across various growth initiatives. Just a point to note here that despite 
these investments in growth, we continue to have profitable operations as well as generate free 
cash flow during this period. Coming to expense, our total expense for Q1 was 21.4 crores, 
which is a 6% year-on-year increase. On the right-hand side, we have given the expense 
breakup across the key components. And just to summarise, it's the same as what you would 
have previously seen. First bulk of our expense is team cost. 
  
In Q1, this accounted for 88% of the total expense. This has been almost in the same range 
across the last four financial years. And also please note that all our team is in-house, so there 
is no outsource or contract workforce. 
  
The second largest item is cloud hosting, which accounted for 2.7% of the total expense, as we 
do a lot of data processing and analytics. This is followed by the rental expense. Some 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  3 

 
interesting points to note here is that we do not have a large paid marketing expense item 
because we do not have a large paid marketing spend, neither digital marketing nor 
offline-based, typically required for customer acquisition. 
  
The reason for this is that because we are a data company, we are able to use a lot of content 
that we have and hence are able to generate a lot of organic traffic, so we are able to acquire 
leads fairly efficiently without significant expense. Another interesting aspect that you see across 
the last few financial years, from FY’21 to the current quarter, if you see during this period, the 
headcount increased only by 4%. So this was 624 four years back, to 650 at the end of the last 
quarter. 
  
The total expense during this period increased by 40%, but the revenue in this period has nearly 
doubled. So it is great to see that though the revenue has doubled, the headcount only 
increased by 4% in the same period. So this is a great testament to the operating leverage of 
the business. 
  
Moving to our volume growth in terms of customer accounts and users, we continue to see this 
increase at a fairly high pace. We closed June’25 at 2,030 accounts, which is a 44% increase on 
a year-on-year basis. The number of users were 5,376, which is a 38% increase on a 
year-on-year basis. 
  
So we continue to acquire more customers at a fairly aggressive pace. Moving on to some of 
the other financial metrics, the company generated positive free cash flow of 2.6 crores in Q1 
FY’26. Cash and cash equivalents stood at 98.6 crores, which is a healthy increase of 18.2 
crore on a year-on-year basis or a 23% increase on a year-on-year basis. So we generated 
positive free cash flow as well as added cash to the latest quarter. Moving on to some of the 
other details on the customer base, starting with the split of customers by type. 
  
So if you look at the accounts at the end of Q1 FY’26, they split across three main categories 
that is as follows. 49% of the accounts were from the investment industry. This includes private 
market investors such as VC funds, PE funds, investment banks, family offices, accelerators, 
incubators, etc. 47% were corporates. This includes primarily corporate development teams, 
M&A teams, innovation teams at these corporates, consulting companies, etc. The remaining 
were others, which includes academic institutions, government agencies, and others. 
  
So as we have mentioned previously, we continue to have a healthy spread across investment 
ecosystem as well as corporates. So essentially we service a diverse and a rich customer base. 
The slide gives an expanded summary of the titles within the investment ecosystem and 
corporates that we work with. 
  
So this gives us a very large addressable market to tap into. Coming to some of the other 
characteristics and metrics of the company, of the business, 57% of the revenue for Q1 FY’26 
was from outside India. These customers span over 50 countries. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  4 

 
  
The top five markets by customer accounts are India, US, UK, Singapore, and Germany. So 
essentially it's the similar set of geos where you have large corporates and private market 
investors. Similar to the previous quarter, I also wanted to talk a bit on the market. 
  
So in terms of market activity, the private markets have been fairly slow for the last two years. 
So 2023 saw a decline in the tech funding, which was down 40% globally and down 60% in 
India from the previous year. 2024, which is last calendar year, the dollar invested improved 
slightly, but it was still down 50% from the peak and the deal volume was at a 10-year low. 
  
In the first half of the current year, which is 2025, deal value looks to be improving and likely to 
be close to what it was about five years back, that is in 2020. And the deal volume will likely to 
be at a 10-year low. Similarly, similar was a trend in the late-stage activity. 
  
One proxy for the late-stage activity is if you look at the number of new unicorn startups that got 
created or the new private companies that got valued at over a billion dollars. So in the last 2.5 
years, this has been fairly slow. The current run rate of 2025 looks lower than 2024 and likely to 
be one of the lowest in the last nine years. 
  
Coming to global M&A, it has seen some signs of recovery. In 2023, M&A hit its lowest point in 
the last decade. 2024 was slight improvement over the previous year and 2025 looks like the 
continued recovery. 
  
So the deal value is likely approaching the levels seen about seven years ago. If you look at the 
IB fee, the Investment Banking Advisory Fee, M&A fee had hit a similar low in 2023, which was 
at a nine-year low. 2024 showed a recovery and returning to levels as we had seen about five to 
six years back. And 2025 looks better than or broadly similar to the last year's run rate. So 2024 
was one of the lowest in the last 10 years and in terms of the global M&A activity and we are 
seeing some recovery in this year. Coming to some of the other green shoots in the business, 
we do see some very positive indicators. 
  
Talking about the customer account growth, you'll be excited to hear that we continue to have a 
very high velocity of volume growth. So on the left-hand side, you can see the Q-on-Q trend of 
the total number of ending customer accounts. And on the right-hand side, you can see the total 
number of net new accounts that got added in each quarter. 
  
So if you see historically until Q3 of FY’24, which is about six quarters back, we have added an 
average of anywhere between 30 to 60 new accounts on a quarterly basis. This pace of volume 
addition started accelerating from Q4 FY’24, wherein we added 88 net new accounts, right? And 
it has continued to remain fairly high across the last six quarters, right?​
  
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  5 

 
In fact, it increased to more than 100 net new accounts getting added for all these quarters. So 
you'll be glad to see that even in the latest quarter, we are able to sort of continue the trend. So 
in Q1 FY’26, we added more than 100, which is 104 accounts, net new accounts that got added. 
  
So this accelerated pace of account addition has been due to various growth initiatives that we'll 
talk about in the subsequent slides. Even on the user side, we saw a very good increase this 
quarter. So we added 325 net new users on a base of 5,000. 
  
And historically, we have added anywhere between 40 to 80 net new users on a quarterly basis. 
So that's a multi-fold increase. One of the recent growth initiatives that we talked about is 
essentially your vertical teams. 
  
And as we had mentioned previously, that most of the vertical teams, which are essentially 
teams focused behind different customer segments, so they were started initially in the India 
Geo. So while you talk about the acceleration of the individual vertical teams later in the 
subsequent slides, I also wanted to share the growth that we have seen overall in the India Geo. 
So there we see a very healthy revenue growth in the India Geo. In Q1 FY’26, India continued 
to see a good pace of expansion, increasing the number of customer accounts by nearly 60%. 
So 58% to be exact on a year-on-year basis and the revenue grew by 15% on a year-on-year 
basis. 
  
So this playbook of vertical teams or think about them as small business units, which are only 
about few quarters old, is working and is working very well. So our plan is to replicate this to 
other countries and we expect similar acceleration to see in the other Geos as well. Also 
covering in more details international markets, we've seen the account growth improve in Q1 
FY’26, the number of ending accounts grew by 25% on a year-on-year basis. 
  
So though it was not as high as the India Geo where the accounts grew by 58%, however, it is 
higher than what it was like a year back. The account growth for the international segment was 
negative 5% in FY’24, from there it has improved to positive 25% in Q1 FY’26. Most of the 
reasons for this acceleration is due to the generic sales and marketing initiatives. 
  
Primarily, it has increased organic traffic as well as launch of Tracxn Lite. What has worked well 
in the India Geo is basically the vertical teams, which is the customer segment by view teams. 
And we expect that as we are replicating that in some of the other countries, we should see 
similar acceleration and which will make our overall growth rate look much better. 
  
In terms of deferred revenue, we continue to see that increase. The deferred revenue for Q1 
FY’26 was 37.9 crores, which is a 6% increase on a year-on-year basis. Coming to platform 
engagement metrics, they continue to look very healthy and following the historical upward 
trend. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  6 

 
If you look at the platform usage, which here is in terms of number of exports and MyAnalyst 
queries, this has grown 1.9x in the last two years. So engagement has grown both at the overall 
level as well as on a user level on an average. So this is a very healthy trend. 
  
Apart from this, we at our end have been heavily investing across various growth initiatives over 
the last few quarters. These span across go-to-market funnel of sales, marketing account 
expansion, and we continue to see very good results. Some of the key initiatives that we've 
been working on include expanding the leads funnel by increasing organic search traffic. Our 
second is Tracxn Lite for driving product-led growth. Third is scaling with specialised teams. 
Fourth is increasing coverage of regulatory data across countries as well as expanding the 
types of data sets that we track. And fifth is leveraging AI in data production. And a few more. 
So I will take a couple of minutes to give you the overview of these growth initiatives, and we 
are fairly excited about sharing the results that we are seeing from these. 
  
So starting with organic search traffic. So one of the interesting growth initiatives that we've 
talked about previously is scaling our organic traffic. So this continues to be a big area of focus 
for us. 
  
Being a data company, we are able to use a lot of data that we own to launch large set of public 
pages, which generates a lot of customer traffic. For instance, if someone is searching for 
FinTech companies in Europe or AI companies in North America, they come across our pages 
and we are able to generate leads through that. So if you look at the organic traffic that we got 
across all the pages, in Q1 of FY’26, this was 6.1 million. So this is a fairly large volume and a 
couple of interesting things is that one is we have been able to build a fairly large volume 
through this. And second is that this has been growing rapidly across the last few years. For 
instance, if you look at across the last three years, this has grown four times. 
  
And third, we continue to work on this aggressively and we expect it to increase even further. 
For instance, the current traffic's annualised run rate has reached 24 million, which is higher 
than last year's. The next interesting initiative, growth initiative is the launch of Tracxn Lite. So 
we had launched Tracxn Lite last year for product-led growth to increase the awareness about 
the richness of the platform among potential customers. For Tracxn Lite, users get access to the 
entire platform when they sign up, though obviously with some limitations, such as restricted 
daily limits for profile views, exports and certain platform modules. So this was launched about 
one and a half years back and in this much time, we have been able to, so we have over 1.8 
lakh sign-up for Tracxn Lite. So this is a fairly large set of users that we've been able to sign up 
organically in a fairly short span of time. And the other thing is that the space of acquisition has 
also been increasing on a Q-on-Q basis. So another interesting aspect is that the users who 
sign up have also been actively engaged on the platform. 
  
The monthly active users have now crossed 32,000. So this is a large set of users that are 
getting familiar with the platform, which helps us in building a very good acquisition pipeline as 
part of the user's expressed interest in upgrade over time. So just to give you an update on the 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  7 

 
recent quarters in terms of metrices, if we compare Q1 FY’25 versus the latest quarter, Q1 
FY’26, the number of organic sign-ups have almost doubled. 
  
Average monthly actives have tripled. Average number of users per day hitting the credit limit 
have also doubled. So we have seen an increase in upgrade requests and demos. 
  
So this continues to be a path to become a large acquisition channel for us. Coming to the 
vertical teams of the specialised team that we have set up for most of the key customer 
accounts, we continue to see very good results. A good example being universities that we've 
talked about previously. And just to summarise, here we have set up a specialised team with 
cumulative experience over 20 years selling to universities. So majority of our customer 
segment come from top universities globally, which is also a great avenue to educate them 
about data platforms like ours. So initially, these teams start with new sales, wherein they are 
able to efficiently accelerate customer acquisition rates. 
  
Later, they take up also engagement, where they are able to work with the customers for 
increasing activation and account penetration. And eventually, they also start doing marketing 
initiative in the respective customer segments. So this was one of our initial teams was set up, 
and it has been a little over a year and a half since their launch. And you'll be excited to see the 
results. The number of customers in this segment have almost tripled in the last 12 months. And 
the revenue for this segment has grown by 100% in the same period as compared to last year. 
  
Because of these focus teams, we are also able to do targeted outbounds and get a high 
potential sort of logo customers as well. So we continue to add many top universities. And as of 
June’25, five of the top six IIMs are our customers. And many of the new IIMs are also getting 
onboarded with other top universities like IITs among others. The other interesting thing is that 
we are also working towards including Tracxn in relevant courseworks, such as investment 
banking, impact investing, venture capital, and private equity courses, etc, across universities 
like IIMs, ISB, and are also working on increasing engagement with activities such as 
on-campus onboarding sessions for all the incoming students to help them familiarise with the 
platform. We have also launched marketing-led initiatives such as podcast series with 
well-known people from the academy who look at private markets and entrepreneurship. 
  
These help us in building relationship within that ecosystem and also drive value from our 
platform. So this is a good testament to the vertical team approach that is very effective. This 
has helped us to increase both revenue and market share in these segments. 
  
And as we expand to other segments, we can see a similar boost across multiple other 
customer segments as well. We've also set up the specialised team for startups. So even 
though startups are served by the same platform, they have slightly different use case and 
workflow requirements. Some of the use cases include using Tracxn for business development, 
fundraising, competitor analysis, market research. So this is a very high volume of inbound that 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  8 

 
we get from, but their price point is actually slightly lower than investors. But cumulatively, this 
can be a sizable segment served by the same platform. 
  
So we set up a separate go-to-market strategy for this segment, wherein we have been getting 
a very high and increasing volume of inbound. So in addition to setting up a dedicated team, we 
also launched additional features for this segment. For instance, some of the recently launched 
ones include profile views, which enables founders to see which investors had viewed their 
company profile on the platform to help them build a pipeline for fundraising and sales outreach. 
Some interesting updates from this segment, in Q1 FY’26, the number of accounts have 
doubled on a year-on-year basis. And over 50% of the revenue from this segment is from 
international geos. Another recently launched vertical team is accelerators and incubators. 
  
Under this initiative, we are focussing on customers across private incubators, government 
incubators, universities, corporate accelerators. And one of the key use cases for this segment 
is facilitating fundraising for their portfolios, which we are able to do through features like 
investor database, live deals, next round investors, and more. So we are seeing good initial 
success as the pace of acquisition has increased in just a few quarters. 
  
And interestingly, even in this, 50% of the revenues from international customers in Q1 of FY’26. 
Another vertical team we had launched was investment banking. So this team sells to 
investment banking, both through inbound and outbound. Here, we had also augmented the 
data coverage as required by the customer segment, which helps us to improve conversions in 
this segment. In addition to increasing coverage of companies, we had also launched other 
things like key ratios, VC and team databases. We had also launched a deeper contact 
database so that this segment can do more outreach as they are required by them. 
  
And we are also working on other things like building coverage of offline sectors as well as IPO 
readiness markers, which is important for this customer segment. And one of the features which 
we had recently launched is that startups can mention if they are looking to hire an investment 
bank. So this also helps in building a sales pipeline for the investment banks. 
  
We continue to see very good results here. So the logo penetration in India continues to 
increase by 1% on a month-on-month basis. In India, the number of accounts grew by 60% and 
the revenue grew by 20% on a year-on-year basis. 
  
So we've also started scaling investment bank units to key geographies internationally and are 
seeing good success. And we expect further acceleration to happen. Another vertical team we 
had launched is the corporate sales team. 
  
So this is a specialised team that is focused on users with corporate sales focus who are 
typically looking to scout and analyse companies across sectors and geos for lead generation, 
market analysis, competitive benchmarking, business development mandates. We are also 
augmenting the data on the platform for this segment, example, PIN code data, CXO data, as 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  9 

 
well as updating the regular contact database at a much faster pace. And here also we are 
seeing very good results and the pace of acquisition has nearly tripled since launch and we are 
also seeing significant revenue acceleration. 
  
Interestingly, 50% of the revenue in this segment was from international customers in Q1 FY’26. 
So based on the success that we had seen on these initial vertical teams, we had accelerated 
the launch of more teams and launched about 10 additional vertical teams. These are 
specialised teams for customer segments such as venture capital, corporate M&A team, 
corporate sales team, etc. 
  
As mentioned earlier, we believe that we have cracked a very repeatable playbook through this 
architecture and setting up new units should have a material impact. In all these units, we had 
initially started by targeting new sales, which helps us accelerate the pace of customer 
acquisition. And later these teams will also move to include engagement within these segments, 
which will help increase retention, market penetration and revenue growth within these 
segments. 
  
And as mentioned earlier, we have also started scaling these vertical teams to some of the other 
geographies internationally and we expect this can help us bring us to our desired growth 
trajectory. Moving on, another interesting growth initiative that we've been working on is 
expanding our coverage of regulatory data of private companies across countries. This includes 
for instance, a variety of information on companies across various government registries and 
other government databases. One of these information is for instance, financials and cap table 
data sets of private companies, which are particularly in demand by certain customer segments 
like PE and IB. So we've done two things. One is we have significantly increased the throughput 
of the existing data sets like financials and revenue data leading to a many fold increase in the 
coverage, as well as we have launched new data sets as required by the investors for 
evaluating and doing diligence on private companies. 
  
So this has also helped us boost our sales efforts. Talking about financials in specific, today we 
track financials of private companies in over 20 countries. The number of detailed financials on 
the platform has increased at a fairly rapid pace. In 2023, we had increased this number by 5x 
on the platform. In 2024, we built on that momentum multiplying it by a further 6x. So this is 
achieving like a 30x increase in just two years. 
  
In the first six months of 2025 alone, we have already scaled this by another 3x. So as of June 
25, we had over 1.6 million companies with revenue data and 2.9 million companies with 
detailed financials available on the platform. So one thing which is obviously very interesting is 
that we've been able to add these data sets at a rapid pace without increasing headcount mass. 
  
So this is again a very strong testament to the level of automation and intelligence that we've 
been able to build as part of our infrastructure, which enables us to scale efficiently. Coming to 
cap tables, cap tables are requested by investors to see the detailed shareholding, valuation, 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  10 

 
leases, as well as historical share price of private companies. Today we track cap tables across 
15 countries. 
  
In 2024, we increased the number of companies on the platform with cap tables and detailed 
shareholdings from 39,000 in the beginning of the year to over 300,000 by the end of the year. 
So this is a huge 8x increase within one calendar year. In the first six months of the current year, 
that's 2025, we are able to increase this to 344,000 companies. 
  
Legal entities, so we launched legal entity database about two years back. Legal entities help 
investors in screening companies registered across various countries for specific high growth 
metrics like revenue threshold, growth rate, profitability, employee count. So this database has 
also expanded at an amazing pace. 
  
We had 11 million entities at the end of 2023. This increased to 64 million as of June’25. Major 
companies by coverage includes US, UK, Japan, India, Australia, Brazil. 
  
We are also seeing good customer usage with legal entity page views increasing on a Q-on-Q 
basis. So as highlighted earlier, we continue to focus on adding more data points for the existing 
entities. The recent enhancements include significant increase in the coverage of financials, cap 
tables, people details for these entities and other regulatory data points such as loans and 
charges as well as patents, right? So this helps us increase penetration in the customer 
segment requiring these. 
 
So as mentioned earlier, we are building sort of deeper coverage in the data points within the 
regulatory data, right? So some of the data points which are live and in pipeline includes loans 
and charges data, patent data, legal case data, FDA approval data amongst others. So these 
are particularly in demand, you know, for existing as well as new use cases like deeper due 
diligence, KYC, etc. 
 
And we believe these data sets will help us increase penetration within the customer segments. 
For instance, clinical trial data, which is crucial for healthcare and life sciences companies as 
well as healthcare focused investors. Patent data offers early visibility into emerging 
technologies, competitive positioning and market trends, helping investors assess growth 
potential and corporates to shape R&D partnership and strategy. 
 
Similarly, data points such as tax compliance, filing delays, payment delays, bankruptcy filings, 
etc are also critical for due diligence as required by investors. Another initiative that we have 
been aggressively working on is leveraging AI for data production. So we have been an AI first 
company and continue to harness Gen AI for key initiatives in data production. 
 
We have been able to multiply and augment our data sets by reducing the manual intervention 
and even shrinking headcount, which is a strong testament to our use of automation and 
intelligence in data production. In 2024, for instance, we expanded the coverage of key data 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  11 

 
points on our platform by over 5X while our data production headcount actually reduced by 
10%. In the first six months of 2025, we have further multiplied our coverage of key data points 
by over 2X while in parallel, our data production team's headcount got optimised by another 
20%. 
 
So we are seeing both on one hand, we are seeing great amount of acceleration in data 
production phase and on the other hand, we are also seeing much leaner data teams to be able 
to do that. To expand further, we've been able to enhance the pace of addition with high 
accuracy. So one is we are able to, we have increased pace of data processing in the existing 
systems. 
 
So reduced manual overhead and increased throughput. To give you an example, the number of 
companies that we've been able to process at the top of the funnel have increased by four 
times. The second is that additionally, we have also expanded coverage across multiple data 
sets through faster processing by unstructured documents. 
 
Example, accelerated extractions of financials and company information from regulatory filings 
across over 20 countries. Also because of this, we have been able to launch new data sets at a 
much faster pace than before. To give you an example, we had to launch an area pin code 
mapping for the sales team and this got launched in under a week. 
 
So we expect continued optimisation in the data production and further acceleration in the 
throughput of the system and we are excited about the possibilities with Gen AI technology and 
its potential to help us build data on private companies globally. Lastly, another growth initiative 
that we've talked about previously is press mentions. So as mentioned earlier, whenever media 
talks about data on private companies or startups or emerging technology sectors, we want 
them to quote data from Tracxn. 
 
So we continue to work on initiatives like launching reports with media data contributions, 
regular columns in some newspapers and this has resulted in a multi-fold increase in the press 
mention that we have received across the various media outlets. In Q1, we had some prominent 
partnerships also under this initiative. For instance, we were the research partners for the North 
Star Annual Report by WeWork Labs, we were the data partners of state of operator-led 
startups by RTP Global and the data partner for Titan Capital for another report. 
 
So we've also extended this initiative to other geographies to increase our coverage 
internationally. Our data got featured in multiple columns and our reports got coverage across 
various media outlets even in Southeast Asia this quarter. And we are also working on 
increasing our coverage in other geographies like Middle East, UK, Australia and Germany. 
 
So the advantage of press mention is that a lot of people discover our data for the first time 
through media and come to our website and generate a very high intent lead. This also helps us 
building a brand as a data company and also a sales conversion and helps the revenue growth. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  12 

 
In terms of some of the other KPIs of the business, the first graph talks about the contract price 
or the invoicing amount. 
 
In Q1, this was 21.6 crores. The second graph talks about the entity's profile of the data, which 
is a proxy to the amount of data added on the platform. So today we tracked 4.9 million profiles, 
which is an increase of 50% on a year-on-year basis. So this covers most of the key updates 
from the recent period. Subsequently, there are some slides for the detailed financials, which 
you can go over in more details. Thanks, that's all the key items and I'll pass it back to Devanshi 
for any Q&A that the group might have. 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah, thanks a lot, Neha, for taking us through the presentation. I'll wait for a minute there, get 
the question queue assembled. Participants, you can raise your hands or ask a question in the 
question box that is provided and then we'll take it up one by one. 
 
I think first, Sougata had raised her hand. You can unmute yourself and ask your question, 
Sougata. 
 
Sougata Roy: 
Thanks, Devanshi. Can you guys hear me?  
 
Moderator: 
Yeah, go ahead. 
 
Sougata Roy: 
Hi, Neha, thanks so much for taking us through the presentation. I think just a couple of 
questions. One is when we see the pace of growth in terms of customer addition, in quarter one 
of ‘26, it has significantly come down versus the previous quarters. Just want to understand the 
reasons behind the same. Is it that the number of gross account addition was lower or the churn 
was higher? And if you can give us a little more colour on that. 
 
Neha Singh: 
Sure, thanks, Sougata. So just to address that, we added, so if you compare it to just previous 
quarter, it looks lesser, but actually if you compare it to a longer period of say like two years, it is 
actually a fairly good number. To give you an example, in the last three years, we exclude the 
last year, previous three years, we added an average of anywhere between 20 to 60 net new 
accounts, which got added every quarter. 
 
And since this started accelerating in the end of FY’25, like in FY'25, it got accelerated when we 
added more than 100, across all the quarters. And we have sort of sustained that. So even this 
quarter, it's more than 100.​
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  13 

 
So any number between 80 to 100 is like a good number that if we continue to add. So that's on 
one part, like, so this is sort of the, even the net added is like a good number that we see. On 
your second part of the question, which is, what has sort of changed? So the retention has not 
changed. In fact, the retention has improved marginally, right? In this, in Q1, if you see, and if 
you compare it to FY'25, so it has actually improved marginally. 
 
And so I think it's just, I think, to summarise, I think like more than 100 or anywhere between 80 
to 100 is a good number to actually continue to have. 
 
Sougata Roy: 
So Neha, just so that I understand, how should we look at the following ensuing quarters? Is the 
expectation that you guys are going to go out and add in a similar range, because the 
understanding that at least we had is that the pace of growth of customer addition has 
increased, which was, which happened in the last couple of quarters. So how should we look at 
FY'26 quarter on quarter in terms of addition? 
 
Is this something that you guys are going to sort of keep following? Or is the pace going to 
increase to what we have seen in quarter four and quarter three of FY'25? 
 
Abhishek Goyal: 
Usually what we see is Q1, Q2 are slightly slower in that, slower in that addition. Q3, Q4 are 
stronger. Q3 is year end for US and geography which follow Jan to December calendar. There 
are some budgets there, so you're able to close slightly more there. And some countries follow 
March calendar year ending as financial year. So there is some budget expiring there. 
 
So usually Q3, Q4 are slightly stronger. But if you compare Q1 this year to Q1 last year, it's 
broadly in the same range. So in coming quarters, we are hoping that we continue to add at 
least 100 to 200 accounts in each quarter. But I think my sense is Q1, Q2 is usually slower than 
Q3 and Q4. And that is a similar trend we have seen in past also. 
​
Sougata Roy: 
Got it, understood. And if we have to, if I look at the last four quarters now, you guys have been 
in the 21 point something range in terms of revenues, right? So you've seen a cycle of 
customers getting added. 
 
And while growth comes during the year as well, when do we expect growth now to come on the 
revenue side? And how do we look at FY'26 and 27 from a year-on-year growth perspective? 
 
Neha Singh: 
Right, right. Yeah, so if you look at it, the overall growth rate might actually look, does not, looks 
a little slow now, but actually if you look at it in pockets, we have already started to see 
acceleration increase. So whichever segment wherein it has had more than 20% volume 
growth, we've also had revenue growth. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  14 

 
 
To give you an example, obviously at the individual customer segment level, wherever we have 
had vertical teams working for a few quarters, there you have seen acceleration. Like IB globally 
grew more than 20%. India grew even faster. 
 
Corporate sales is another segment that is growing, right? And even if you look at India level 
overall, wherein you had most of these view wise specialised team set up, there it grew at 15% 
on a year-on-year basis, right? You don't see the impact overall because you still have some 
impact in some parts. So that's why you don't see that overall. But going forward, what we are 
sort of aggressively working on is also expanding the coverage of these teams, right? To other 
geographies as well, right? Geography. So for instance, IB, which was initially in India, now you 
also have IB UK team separately, IB US team separately set up. So as you will see more of your 
customer base being covered by these teams, you should see more growth acceleration. 
 
So I think we're already done with setting up most of these teams. And I think there are a few 
geographies that we are working on. And so our sense is that from here on, you should start 
seeing the growth to improve. 
 
Sougata Roy: 
So Neha, I think the reason why we are asking these questions is also because of the fact that 
the presentation does not give colour in terms of cohorts, right? Which is exactly what we are 
talking about. Teams which have been set up in the last, let's say four quarters, five quarters, 
how are we tracking? 
 
What has happened to the average price point per customer? Right, it has obviously come 
down. How significantly has it come down? And what has happened to the older cohorts of 
customers who are higher paying, right? I think these, if we get clarity on these three aspects, 
very easy to understand the business. 
 
Neha Singh: 
Got it, got it. 
 
Sougata Roy: 
So I think a colour on that will be helpful. And what are you guys targeting at least for 26, more 
so for 26 than 27 in terms of growth on an overall basis? 
 
Neha Singh: 
Right, no, I think probably last year should have been the slowest in terms of growth. And you 
should see sort of that significantly improve, starting from these quarters to come. 
 
Sougata Roy: 
Okay, thank you. 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  15 

 
Moderator: 
Thanks. So the next question is from Mr. Praneeth. You can unmute yourself and ask your 
question. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah, go ahead. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Thank you. So I was wondering about the pricing part of it and discounting part of it. I 
understand that this quarter and like the last few months, we have been growing much better at 
an India level rather than internationally. 
 
Or at least that's what I remember. So can you give me a light on how the account expansion is 
going in terms of India and what is the average account value and user value in different, like 
domestically and internationally? And like, can you also give an idea of like, I think we mostly 
concentrate in the US. 
 
So how are we also expanding in terms of geography and how are the account values and 
discounting, like changing as we expand into the newer, let's say segments? Because I think 
we, as you mentioned before, we started to put new cohorts of people into expanding the 
specific niches and improve the conversion of those particular customers. So I was wondering 
how much is discounting playing a role in this particular aspect? 
 
Neha Singh: 
Right. Yeah, sure. So just to answer that, if you look at our average ASP today, by account, this 
is about 4.3 lakhs, which is slightly lower than 5.2 lakhs per account per year that we saw last 
year. And one of the reasons is obviously that there's a high volume of new addition, right? The 
customer base has grown at 44%. And most of the new accounts start small. 
 
So the average is about three users per account. Most of the accounts actually start with a 
single user, like more than 90% would start with like a single user as well, right? So that's one of 
the reasons. 
 
And we also had launched a vertical-wise pricing. So for instance, for some segments, like for 
sales and IB, which their payability is lesser than investors, we had also launched a 
segment-wise pricing, right? So right now we are focussing a lot on increasing market share 
within the relevant customer segments. 
 
And so that is why you see the ASP in this range, right? And just coming to that, your point of 
how we are seeing, how does it compare between India and international? So India is about half 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  16 

 
of the international. So if the average is about 4.3, India would be lesser than that, right? 
Between around three or so. And then international would be double of that. So between six to 
seven Lakh per year per account, right? So that's on the India versus US. 
 
And in terms of discounting, so I would not say discounting. So I would, for instance, one of the 
things that we had launched is that segment-wise pricing. So for some segments wherein we 
were able to get a lot of leads, but were, for instance, having a lower conversion, there, in 
addition to launching some of the product features and the data coverage, we have also worked 
on pricing, right? So that has also helped us in increasing the conversions within these 
segments. So hopefully that answers the questions, Puneet. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Yeah, I think it's the university part of it. You mentioned that you were also making it a part of the 
curriculum and doing all of this, right? So I was wondering, these university accounts, how many 
users do each account of them have? 
 
And how is the user-based pricing? So are you saying that each of them get this individual 
account interaction if you onboard a university or they usually use a common public account that 
everyone can use? How was that particular relationship with the university and students? 
 
Neha Singh: 
Right, right, yeah. So universities are very interesting aspect. Like if you look at it, even in the 
public markets, right? Like you get exposed to a lot of platforms, data platforms, which are for 
public market investing in the universities. And these are part of the curriculum or these are in 
the libraries, which is available. So we actually took a similar strategy for the private market. 
 
So like universities is a great channel for marketing for us because a lot of our user base, if you 
see, across investors, across corporates, corporate M&A teams actually come from the top, like 
500 universities globally, right? So that is why this was one of the initial teams that got launched. 
The pricing is, in university, is slightly discounted to what the investor would pay. So for an 
investor, if it is about you know, even the starting, the average is maybe higher. For university, 
they pay us anywhere, like around six lakhs, right? In India, maybe globally, slightly different, 
right? 
 
And this is a similar strategy that most of the other financial data platforms also take. You know, 
slightly there's an education pricing that most of them have. Coming to the users. 
 
So typically what we have is basically, you know, their entire batch will actually get access to 
this. And the users, we don't count it in, so the user count that you see over here, we don't count 
the university students, you know, within the user count, right? Because obviously these are 
differently structured ones. 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  17 

 
So there, you know, all the active students or which are part of the particular curriculum that we 
have signed up, they actually get access to the platform. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
So I understood. So at this point, as my understanding is right, the most, the highest value and 
highest margin probably would be the investors. Then it would be the IB and new verticals. Then 
it would be the universities because it's basically activation for the future growth. Is that a right 
understanding?  
 
Abhishek Goyal: 
Absolutely. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Got it. So I was wondering, you mentioned that you do not do any digital marketing or any of 
those marketing efforts, right? If an organic results have been yielding better results, and like if 
you see also, they're getting good results. I was wondering like how much ideally type with this, 
how much did this organic marketing cost? And like, I understand that you have different groups 
of people in your particular company where they're doing different type channel activation and 
information production and all of that. Could you give us a perspective on how AI has 
transformed each part of the business and what could, can you actually assign a, let's say a 
value, let's say a rupee value to these particular integration of AI? 
 
And can you also assign a value of the marketing saving or marketing spend that we have done 
using our internal particular, internal staff? 
 
Neha Singh: 
Sure. Yeah, thanks. Answer to that question. 
 
The first part is basically, you know, your marketing. So typically, you know, in a lot of tech 
companies, you will actually see this as a large line item. In fact, like all the brand companies as 
well, you know, marketing is a large item and it also scales as you acquire new customers, 
right? 
 
Because there's a customer acquisition cost, which is there for all the new customers that you 
acquire. So interestingly, we didn't choose that because that actually scale, that can potentially 
scale also, you know, as your customer base increases. Because we're a data company, we are 
able to use a lot of data that we anyways have to get customers. 
 
So to give you an example, we have a lot of public pages. So for instance, if you are searching 
for big tech companies in Singapore or AI companies in US, you come across our pages, right? 
That is free traffic for us, free inbound for us. 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  18 

 
And across all our pages, we today get an annualised generate of 24 million visitors. So that's a 
very large funnel that we've been able to sort of build through the data, which is there, right? In 
terms of the cost, the cost is actually very minimal because it's more of a tech enabled thing, 
right? 
 
Like the data is already there that is produced for the customers and a part of it is actually sort 
of visible as people are searching for that. So the cost, you know, for maintaining that, it's mainly 
the tech development cost that's fairly limited, right? You know, that we have been able to use to 
get a large set of users, right? 
 
So that is on your marketing part. The second part of your question was around, you know, AI 
and what is the impact that we are seeing across the business units. So, you know, AI is 
obviously something that we've been aggressively working on. 
 
And so just to give you in terms of, so there are two, you know, benefits to that. So one is we've 
been able to multiply our data sets, right? To give you an example, like, you know, we have, we 
increased the key data point by 5X in last calendar year, 2025. This year, it is already more than 
2X, right? If you look at the number of financials that increased by more than 8X, sorry, 30X in 
the last two years, right? So that's a huge magnitude of increase. 
 
So one is we've been able to increase the throughput, right? Across all our data units. The 
second is we've been able to launch new data sets at a much faster pace. 
 
So to give you an example, PIN code data that got launched in under a week, right? And on the 
other hand, the one thing which is actually on the expense item is we've been able to do this 
with much leaner team, right? So while we are able to increase the throughput, the headcount of 
the data team has actually been shrinking. 
 
To give you an example, in 2024, the data team shrank by 10%, right? And in the first half of 
2025, it's already shrunk by 20% additionally, right? So that is probably the impact in terms of 
the dollar that you're also able to see. So one is obviously these data production, but also much 
leaner teams to be able to do that.  
 
Moderator: 
Hopefully that answers the question, Praneet. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Yeah, that answers the question. Thank you for your time. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks a lot. So next question is from Abhinav. You can unmute yourself and ask the question. 
 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  19 

 
Abhinava Kashyap: 
Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, go ahead. 
 
Abhinava Kashyap: 
Yeah, so I want to understand the new businesses or new for what we are selling for startups. 
So what is the revenue contribution overall for the newer segments compared to the traditional 
segments which we are selling? 
 
Neha Singh: 
Yeah, thanks Abhinav. So in terms of the new ones as well, so these are not new segments. 
These are segments wherein we already had some customers and what we did essentially is 
that had separate teams focus on them, right? To give you an example, earlier the same team 
would be talking to like an investor or a startup or an ID, right? And right now we have carved 
out the team so that one is different sales people speak to these people as well as they're able 
to do outbound, right? Which we were doing much lesser of that earlier, right? 
 
So they are also able to do outbound in these segments. So these are not new business units 
but these are customer segments that we have carved out wherein we already had some 
customers and we wanted to sort of increase the focus or separate them out from the horizontal 
team so that we can actually grow revenue in these segments, right? And they had slightly 
different requirement in terms of how we onboard them, how we do sales, etc, right? 
 
So coming to the contribution, so ideally, we started with a few vertical teams last year and right 
now going forward, we will probably having most of the teams or most of our customer segment 
being served by vertical teams, right? Versus the horizontal ones because we know that is 
working very well for us because in the vertical teams, we are able to do a few things. One is, 
we are able to have more targeted pitch, right? 
 
So we are able to have better sales conversion than the horizontal ones. And the second thing 
is that we are able to also do outbound which is helping us acquire sort of high value logos in 
these segments. And the third thing is that we have also set up engagement teams, right? 
 
Which actually works by customer segment, right? So because we have a sort of a diverse 
customer base, this has worked very well for us and this will eventually span, you know, a bulk 
of your customer segment. 
 
Abhinava Kashyap: 
Cool, thank you. 
 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  20 

 
Neha Singh: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Hi, sorry, I was on mute. So I think now we can move on to chat box. So the first question on the 
Q&A box that we have is from Aditya Iyer. 
 
So he's asking any guidance for FY'26 and FY'27 on revenue and EBITDA front. And the 
second is about what would be the pace of net customer addition on a quarterly basis going 
forward? 
 
Neha Singh: 
Yeah, so thanks Aditya for the question. So in terms of this year, you know, we expect that this 
year will be, you know, so this year we should see the growth to accelerate. So it should be 
better than last year. And, you know, we should see that improve, you know, in the coming 
quarters. And in terms of profitability, so we are investing aggressively across two initiatives. 
One is across the sales and the other thing is also, you know, on AI, which is essentially on the 
backend production, leveraging that for, you know, for data building, which will continue to do 
that. 
 
But, you know, the cost will probably increase only in single digit percentage, despite all these 
initiatives. So we'll continue to generate cash, but I think we will, you know, we have not so 
much focus on increasing sort of profitability. I think we'll probably be in the similar range in 
terms of profitability, but you should see it improving, you know, growth across the segments. 
 
And the net customer account, you know, that volume should probably sustain. So it should 
anywhere be, you know, closer to a hundred net new accounts that you see getting added. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Neha. So the next question is from Sanjay Sood. Do you approach CEOs and supply 
chain managers of listed or other companies, as all of them need data for sourcing of materials 
and services? 
 
Neha Singh: 
So thanks Sanjay for the question. I think we, the way we do it is by different titles, right? So 
within, for a corporate, for instance, there are a few titles that we target. So one is your M&A 
team. So in case the company is doing any M&A, so that is one title that we go behind. 
Innovation team. So most of the large, for instance, you know, corporates also have an 
innovation team, which are essentially your vendor discovery for the long tail, right? So that is 
another team that we work with. Sales is another team that is working, that is growing well for 
us. So anytime you have a sales team who's looking at, you know, good quality customers 
within a particular city or within a particular zip code, that's another team that is growing for us, 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  21 

 
right? So these are some of the teams. And, you know, in banks, we probably go with a few 
other teams, teams which are lending, etc. 
 
That is a few other titles that we work with. So within corporates, we typically have teams that 
basically sell to different titles, right? So within a corporate, I think, you know, depending on the 
title, we would have different teams approaching them. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Neha. The next question we can take from Mr. Aryamaan Pawar. You can unmute 
yourself and ask your question. 
 
Aryamaan Pawar: 
Yeah, hi, Neha. So the sense I'm getting is the sales verticals we have in India are performing 
much significantly better than the international business. And obviously, logistically, much easier 
than scaling international sales vertical. So, because probably there are language barriers here, 
you probably need a different team, vertical wise for every country, say one for Germany, one 
for UK, one for US. So when can we see the kind of results we have got in the India business 
kind of translated into the same international revenue? Just maybe some light on that. Thanks. 
 
Neha Singh: 
Right. Yeah. Thanks Aryamaan. So in terms of, you know, so as I was saying, like in so a lot of 
the teams that we had launched was initially in India, because it's easier to sort of see, you 
know, see them in action, train them, and then scale to other geographies, we have already 
started, you know, extending the vertical teams. So to give you an example, if we set up a team 
for say, investment bank, then they would initially start with the India vertical, and then more 
teams would get added, like, you know, one, we've already added for UK and other one for US, 
right. And then we will add sort of key geographies, you know, in that wherein we already have 
some customers and are getting involved, we'll prioritise those. 
 
So that is already in the process. And, you know, you should see sort of more sort of results 
from that in the coming sort of months. Right. So that is already, you know, in process. And in 
some segments, we already seen some results. So that is why if you look at the overall, you 
know, growth rate in terms of the accounts, for instance, in the international GEO, this was 25% 
this quarter, if you compare it to Q1 of last year, this was like minus 1%, right, the account 
growth rate. So from minus 1% is it has improved to 25%. And right, so you should see more 
sort of improvements in the months to come. 
 
Aryamaan Pawar: 
Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Mr. Praneet. You can unmute yourself and ask a question. 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  22 

 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Oh, yeah, thank you for another opportunity. So I was wondering, in terms of understanding the 
market, so I understand there must be multiple data aggregations also, aggregation platforms 
across the globe. So I was wondering, what is the positioning of Tracxn in this particular 
market? Because everyone is offering data. So what is Tracxn's edge in it? And in terms of 
understanding market positioning in terms of India and abroad, like what are the, like how many 
players might be at tracxn's pricing? 
 
And what are the other pricing tiers in terms of the market? 
 
Neha Singh: 
Sure. Sure. Thanks. 
 
So in terms of the market, it's actually fairly, it's not as competitive as like, or crowded as a 
horizontal software, like if you're talking about HRMS, or, you know, the financial data software, 
right? So it's not as crowded as that globally, there are only about six or seven players, which 
exist for the private market, because it's a vertical layer, right vertical industry for this capital 
asset, capital market, this asset class, which is private market, right. So they're globally only 
about a handful of players. In terms of differentiation, you know, that's fairly clear, there are a 
few things that really stand out. So one is, you know, just in terms of the data that people 
require. So one is just in terms of the depth of, you know, companies that we cover. 
 
So that is, you know, much more than other platforms, the sector coverages. So one of the key 
things about private market is that, you know, they're, they're not just looking at the revenue 
numbers, but also by sector, right? Today, everyone is looking at Gen AI companies, or people 
are looking at online brands, right? So a brand would get listed, but like a private market 
investor would have invested in this about seven years back, right? So how do you basically find 
out all these things? Right. 
 
So so the second thing is that our own sector coverage is very unique, is very detailed, you 
know, much better than anyone else. This is some of one of the things that customers really like. 
And the third thing we have been also pushing more recently is getting more and more 
regulatory data about companies. 
 
So if you see across countries, governments are opening up more data about private 
companies about companies in general to increase the transparency to increase the ease of to 
get more business investors in their countries, right. So we have been so one of our big focus is 
actually to get or deepen our coverage and regulatory data. So today, you can get like financials 
in so many countries, etc, right. So this is another thing that people have really liked. And this is 
also one of the things that customers have wanted. So today, for instance, our coverage is 
probably the best, you know, best by far in India. 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  23 

 
And then even in Europe, we are probably, you know, now better than the Europe only player. 
So that had happened in the last few months, I would say. So so there are a few things that 
really stand out. And, you know, that helps us sort of like, you know, get new customers and 
close customers and work with them. Coming to India versus international, the use cases are 
the same, right? Like use cases that an investor would have in India and internationally would 
probably be the same, just that the coverage is different, right? So, for instance, a investor 
who's based in Germany would be looking at German companies. Investor based in UK would 
be primarily looking at, say, Western Europe companies and invested in India would be looking 
at Indian companies. So just the coverages would be different. 
 
But the data and the use case and everything, all the modules that they have is actually the 
same. Hopefully, that answers the question for me. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Oh, yeah, that answers the question. And I was just wondering about the pricing tiers in terms 
of, I understand that 6-7 players in the market. So where would, let's say, Tracxn rank in terms 
of premium, sub-premium or how would you categorise overall the pricing? 
 
Neha Singh: 
Yeah, so we would fall in the mid-price point, wherein you have the price point which is between 
$3,000 to $5,000 per user per year, right? That's a mid-price point. You have some of the 
low-price point products, which are priced at like $300 to $500 per year per user, which are very 
shallow data, right? Just about companies, mainly only the sales professionals, etc., would 
probably use them. And then you have high-end, which do more custom work, right? Which is 
like $50,000 and plus, which do more custom work. 
 
So this is lesser sort of data and product, but more custom work. We fall in the mid-price point 
bucket. And we believe that this is probably the most interesting space in the private markets, 
wherein you can actually have a good profit pool and good margins as well. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
So you're saying out of the seven, how many could be the custom ones and how many would 
be in your specific type of mid-tier? 
 
Neha Singh: 
So mid-tier would be maybe like two or three maximum, right? One or two in the higher price 
point, and then another two or three would be in the lower price point. So it's probably similarly 
spaced, but I would say many of the large players are in the mid-price point. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
So as I understand it, the number of people who are actually providing this particular services is 
very little. And you're in a fairly attractive pricing category of sorts. So that's easily attractive. So 
I'm wondering, I understand the account growth is going to be 100 for the next few quarters. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  24 

 
That's what you expect. But I was wondering, what can actually make it grow much faster? Or is 
there another level we can grow at, let's say 300 accounts per quarter? Or is it not, is the 
industry not shaped that way that adoption will happen at that exponential levels? 
 
Neha Singh: 
No, so I think, see, it is not. So the way you actually put it into perspective is enterprise 
customers versus consumers, right? So even if you look at the largest enterprise company, 
right, platform, like even like a Bloomberg or a Refinitiv, etc., you know, in the public market, 
even up to 40 years, they only have a few lakh users or terminals globally, right? 
 
So it's not about like, so it's about, you know, like, if you're able to have like a 5000 price point, 
and 100,000 customers, 1 lakh, that's like a, you know, even if you're able to reach that in the 
next few years, that's a good revenue and profitability to have reached, right? So because we're 
talking about enterprise, it will be probably, you know, like 1000s of customers, not like, you 
know, 100,000 customers, but it will be a good price point among that, right? So, so I think, and 
coming to your second point, which is how do we sort of, you know, reach out to and accelerate 
this. So this is, for instance, the initiatives that we talked about, right? Earlier, for instance, when 
we were acquiring, like anywhere between 20 to 60 net new accounts, now that has increased 
to, you know, more than four times, right? So nearly 100 per quarter. 
 
And this is thanks to all the initiatives that we have sort of worked on, right? So that initiatives, 
which is basically, you know, increasing the top of the funnel, which is on account of increased 
organic traffic, launch of Tracxn Lite, which helps people experiment the product, right? So, so 
these are the two initiatives which have worked on the top of the funnel. 
 
And the second is on the sales conversion, the vertical teams have worked very well, right, on 
just increasing the conversion across the segments. And third is which we are working on is 
having the engagement teams in the different views, which would also work on expansion over 
time of some of these accounts. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
So understood, like, as you say, it's most likely to be you'll see what be much more profitable, 
you'll increase your profit at a much faster pace. That's what once we think we're tracking before 
also, so I was wondering three years down the line, what sort of top line can we expect, like 
going at the very moderate growth that we're thinking of now, and how much is going to 
convert? Because initially in 2021, we were able to convert most of the incremental revenue into 
EBITDA, but as it it moderated and to get gotten to much lower levels. 
 
So as again, we end up staying at a similar level of let's say top line again, and probably the 
expenses also will grow at a little faster pace. So stagnation on the top line is likely to reduce 
the profitability. So I was wondering, how can we increase the profitability at a faster pace? 
 
Because what can be a three year projection in terms of profit and top line? 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  25 

 
 
Neha Singh: 
Right. So the way to think about our model is sort of fairly simple. So we don't, so it's a very high 
cross margin, you know, segment, like it's 90% or, you know, over gross margin that we are 
probably like, it's a very high, high gross margin segment. 
 
So the easy way to think about that is that, you know, if the growth rate is probably between 20 
to 25%, anywhere between, you know, 50% plus of the incremental revenue, you can 
technically go into the bottom line, right? Like historically, like as you mentioned, in 2021-22, we 
were able to add, you know, nearly 80%, right, of the incremental top end to the bottom line, 
right? On a steady year, anywhere between more than 50%, you can sort of expect as soon as 
the growth rate sort of crosses these levels. Because the expense, you know, grows at only a 
limited level. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
So, but can we see that, let's say hypothetically, it's a, can we grow at a 25% CAGR going 
forward with a, especially with all the teams we put in and all of the success rates we're able to 
see, is it a possibility that can we, we can grow at a CAGR of 25% over the next three years and 
let's say 50%, over 50% flowing down to the bottom line? 
 
Neha Singh: 
So even if you see historically, right, like if you exclude the last, I would say one and a half 
years, which have been probably the lowest in the private market industry in terms of the market 
conditions, we've had, you know, we have grown at even 40%, right, in a year. So we can 
technically, you know, if sort of things improve, we can probably get to a more desired growth 
trajectory, I would say. And once that happens, then you will also see the bottom line increase at 
a much faster pace. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Got it. So depending on how the market is also going to turn, your growth rate will depend on 
that? 
 
Neha Singh: 
No, so not so much. So right now, what we're betting on is not the markets to actually turn, we 
are expecting like even in the India growth rate that we've been able to achieve, which is 18% 
last year, 15% now. This is despite market being the way they are, you know, similar to what it is 
internationally, but this is because of a lot of our initiatives. So we are, we are just sort of 
working on our initiatives and we expect that, you know, that will sort of give us the return. 
You're not expecting, you know, any change externally, even if that is the, remains the same, we 
will be able to sort of improve. 
 
 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  26 

 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Understood. I was curious about in terms of tracking your sales efficiency, I know you must 
already have tools as your group is also able to get a decent ROI, as you mentioned in the last 
con call. So what I was wondering, like, do you have specific tools that are designed? 
 
Or how are you looking at the efficacy of sales teams? And how is the, how are you planning on 
growing that? Is it just going to remain in the particular cycle of number of people you have 
now? Or are we planning on growing that particular part of it also? 
 
Neha Singh: 
Yeah, so just to answer that, that is fairly straightforward for us. So right now, since we, you 
know, have sort of the vertical teams, every team has, is like a mini business unit, right? So they 
have, they run their, they track the, the growth and the revenue within that segments. 
 
And for us, it becomes a sort of, you know, the breakeven or sort of the recovery in the cost 
happens fairly soon, right? Because even if they are able to, you know, sort of have a good 
trajectory, they're able to the, the, the cost that we have to sort of do, you know, because it's 
just, you know, primarily the, the team cost, it's not, you know, some of the other costs that we 
are, we are able, we have to spend. So it's, it becomes profitable on a unit basis. 
 
So, you know, each sales team right now actually tracks that, you know, the, the P&L or the 
different customer segment that they're working on. So that's very straightforward for us right 
now. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
So let's, as I understand it, because the ROI, but since it has a separate P&L of its own, let's say 
business unit, you're able to track the efficiency of the particular unit. Understood. So I was 
curious, you're saying that you have a very high, fast rate of return on this particular capital 
employed with, let's say, adding people to this particular business units. So what is stopping the 
company from adding many more at a much faster pace? Is it the fact that you need to train and 
you need to make sure it can, it will actually fit in or is it the number of units that you need are 
shrinking? Like you're already tracking most of them. 
 
Neha Singh: 
Right. So it's just the, you know, the pace at which you can on like train and then get the people 
onboarding. Right. 
 
So, so we have actually accelerated, like, so we were able, we were initially planning of 
launching about two to three units a year and that we accelerated to launching 10 units within 
the one and a half years. Right. So that we had already sort of accelerated to cover most of the 
customer segments now. 
 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  27 

 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Understood. So last question is going back to market dynamics. So let's say what, can we 
actually say what percentage of market share we might already have in the market or is it too 
difficult and abstract topic for us to think about? 
 
Neha Singh: 
I know. So I, so actually, you know, there isn't good data around it, but our sales team basically 
tracks it because they track the logos. So for some segments, for instance, like we give out an 
IB, right. And then IB in India, you know, we are able to, despite being the market leader, right. 
We are still able to increase our market share by 1% on a month-on-month basis. Right. 
 
And that we've been able to do for the last, I would say, you know, more than two quarters. 
Right. So that is something that we track, like, you know, in terms of the, in terms of the, the key 
logos and how our coverage is there, you know, within the different customer segment, that's by 
different customer segments that we track. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Understood. So like, let's, let's say I understand for IB, we're going at a fairly fast pace. So in 
terms of university or other things, is it possible to say that what percentage you have at this 
point of time or how is that? 
 
Neha Singh: 
So for a lot of segments, it may still be small, like for some of the segments, like for instance, 
you know, if you look at, like IB in other countries, I think overall, it will still be a single digit 
percentage. Overall, if you look at it across customer segments, it will still be a single digit 
percentage that we are able to sort of. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
So even though our highest penetration is. 
 
Neha Singh: 
 No, no. Highest penetrated segment, maybe say like a VC in India, where it may be like a 
double digit. I don't have a number handy, but it may be, it may be much higher. And we would 
probably be working with most of the key ones. 
 
Like the ones that we currently increase is the new funds, which are coming up, family offices, 
which are now investing in private markets or expanding within the existing customer segment. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
So basically the older the particular business unit, the more likely you will have the higher level 
of percentage and the units are single. Let's say single digit at this point. 
 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  28 

 
Neha Singh: 
That's correct. Like even in university, to give you an example, like no, like one of our targets 
was to get like the high Lobo customer. So like, for instance, we work with most of the IMs 
today, like most of the top five, the top six IMs work with us and we are in the process of 
onboarding a lot more. Right. So there we have sort of a much higher penetration for the older 
units. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Understood. So I had like one question about like, let's say tracks and light. I've been a user of 
that and I actually find it very useful. 
 
So I was wondering in terms of, let's say, can you, are you planning on making that also a 
product for like a consumer grade product, or you're not interested in that particular venture at 
this point of time, or how would you see that? Like, let's say if I were to let's say pay X and you 
give me X credits and stuff, going to enterprise level and having an account value, is it a 
particular idea or strategy in your playbook that you want to integrate as a part of consumer or 
like a freelancer level type of situation product or no? 
 
Abhishek Goyal: 
So this is more of a product-led growth. So we feel that people, a lot of people have signed up 
and they never got a chance to experience a product. So with Lite, they are able to experience 
it. And we have seen that many of these users eventually come and try to buy the product. So I 
think for us, it's a way to get people hooked onto it. And once they will get hooked onto it, they 
are more likely to come and purchase our product. So that's how we are seeing it. We may 
eventually look at it and decide that a lot of these people who are not our core categories, we 
may launch a retail product for them. But that's not something we have planned right now. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
So it's still continue going to be the enterprise level, but for customers, we're going to target for 
at least the next midterm, two to three years. 
 
Abhishek Goyal: 
So we do look at customers who are using it and see which segment they fall into. And if we 
want to launch a vertical team in that segment. So we have seen that when we launch a new, 
like if we discover a new title, and if we create a team around it, they are able to eventually 
close these users. 
 
Because fundamentally, if these users are using it regularly, they have some use case. And if 
we reach out to them, they end up buying. 
 
Praneeth Bommisetti: 
Understood. So thank you so much for your time. That's actually very helpful to understand your 
business. 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  29 

 
 
Moderator: 
I think that was the last question that we'll be taking today. Thank you so much, Neha, for all the 
insights that you've provided today. It was great. 
 
And congratulations on a good quarter. We look forward to hear from you soon. So I'll hand it 
over to you, Neha, for your closing remarks. 
 
Neha Singh: 
Yeah, thanks a lot, Devanshi. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I hope we were able to 
give you a good overview and answer some of the questions that you have. In case you have 
any follow-up questions, please do feel free to reach out to us, any of us. I'm Neha@tracxn.com, 
or you can reach out to Abhishek and Prashant, or you can write to us at 
investor.relations@tracxn.com . Thanks again, and have a good rest of the day. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you so much. 
 
 
 
  
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove and / or correct any grammatical inaccuracies and inconsistencies in 
language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 
 
 
Tracxn Technologies Limited – Q1 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript   ​
  30 
