 
GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
CIN: L60231MH2005PLC344764 
Registered Office: Sector 6, Dronagiri, Taluka Uran, District Raigarh, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra 400707, India 
Corporate Office: 4th Floor, Prius Platinum, Saket District Centre, New Delhi – 110017, India 
  T: +91 11 4055 4400 F: +91 11 4055 4413 E: investors@gatewaydistriparks.com W: www.gatewaydistriparks.com  
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebjoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543489 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: GATEWAY 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earning / Conference Call - Q1 FY.2025-26 held on Tuesday, July 
29, 2025 from 04:00 P.M. (IST), onwards 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to our communication dated July 22, 2025, wherein we 
had informed regarding the convening of Conference Call to be held on Tuesday, July 29, 2025 from 
04:00 P.M. (IST) onwards, in this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid 
Conference Call. 
 
Please note the aforesaid transcript of the Call is uploaded on the website of the Company at 
https://gatewaydistriparks.com/investors  
 
Kindly take the information on record. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Gateway Distriparks Limited  
 
 
  
  
Divyang Jain 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Encl. As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DIVYAN
G JAIN
Digitally signed 
by DIVYANG JAIN 
Date: 2025.08.05 
11:15:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Gateway Distriparks Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 29, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 29th July 2025 will prevail. 
 
      
 
  
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PREM KISHAN DASS GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. ISHAAN GUPTA – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. SAMVID GUPTA – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. KARTIK SUNDARAM AIYER – CFO – GATEWAY 
DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJGURU BEHGAL – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – 
GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
 
MR. MANOJ SINGH – CHIEF STRATEGIC OFFICER – 
GATEWAY DISTRIPARKS LIMITED 
 
MR. PADAMDEEP SINGH HANDA – CEO AND DIRECTOR – 
SNOWMAN LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
MR. N. BALAKRISHNA – CFO – SNOWMAN LOGISTICS 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Gateway Distriparks Limited and Snowman Logistics Limited. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
Today on the call, we have Mr. Prem Kishan Dass Gupta, Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. Ishaan Gupta, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Samvid Gupta, Joint Managing Director. From 
Gateway Distriparks Limited we have Mr. Kartik Sundaram Aiyer, CFO; Mr. Rajguru Behgal, 
Chief Business Officer; Mr. Manoj Singh, Chief Strategic Officer. From Snowman Logistics 
Limited we have Mr. Padamdeep Singh Handa, CEO and Director; Mr. N. Balakrishna, CFO. 
 
I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Prem Kishan Dass Gupta, Chairman and Managing 
Director from Gateway Distriparks Limited. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Prem Kishan Dass Gupta: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today. It is my 
privilege to address you at the outset of our quarterly earnings call. I hope everyone has had an 
opportunity to look at our investor presentation and press release that is uploaded on our website 
and Stock Exchanges. 
 
I'm pleased to report that our performance during the quarter has seen strong year-on-year 
improvement. This is largely attributable to the absence of the Red Sea disruption that adversely 
impacted the first quarter of the previous financial year. Our volumes have been consistent, along 
with slight increase in market share in the regions where we operate. There are some geopolitical 
and geoeconomic conditions that remain, but we expect them to stabilize soon. 
 
India has already closed a trade deal with UK and is expected to close similar deals with USA 
and EU, which will improve EXIM volumes. It may not lead to immediate impact, but it will be 
good for long-term business, as Indian exporters’ competitiveness improves.  
The business remains stable where our EBITDA per TEU for the Rail business was around 
INR9,100 per TEU, slightly down due to the higher empty and underframe running, lower 
double stacking and increased imbalance due to lack of exports. Our CFS business sees some 
improvement with an EBITDA per TEU around INR1,500. Our focus on expanding our Inland 
Container Terminal network continues. However, land acquisition continues to be a challenge. 
These delays are unfortunate, but we remain committed and are actively engaging on multiple 
fronts to finalize new locations by exploring domestic opportunities as well as asset-light 
models. 
 
Snowman continues to maintain its position as the market leader and as it adds further capacity 
in Calcutta, Krishnapatnam and Kundli in NCR, we have plans to add more capacity in both own 
and light asset model and continue our expansion in the 5PLvertical as well. 

 
 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
With that, I now hand over to the moderator for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rehan Saiyyed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Sir, in the first phase, your voice was breaking. So, I just want clarification on the P&L side. 
Like on the operating expenses increased Y-o-Y despite revenue growth. So are there specific 
cost headwinds in fuel, manpower, technology investment that we should expect to continue in 
FY '26 going forward? 
Samvid Gupta: 
Sorry, there's some echo or some disturbance coming when you're speaking something louder. 
Can you try again? 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Sir, your voice is not audible? 
Moderator: 
Can you just please use your handset to ask the question, please? 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Ma'am, I'm using handset only. 
Moderator: 
Actually, there is some echo from your line. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Yes. So, I want some more clarification regarding the operating expenses increased Y-o-Y 
despite revenue growth. So are there any specific cost headwinds in fuel, manpower, technology 
investment that we should expect to continue in FY '26? 
Samvid Gupta: 
These are general increases. Yearly, there is manpower and minimum wage and fuel increases. 
The hikes keep happening. So it's part of that only. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Okay. So it's like a recurring expense, we are seeing in this quarter? 
Samvid Gupta: 
Yes. But then this quarter had more underframe and empty running. So, we do expect some 
improvement in margin going forward, as the overall imbalance also improves. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Okay. And my second question is around the tech. The company has made significant investment 
in digital platforms and IoT-based monitoring. Could you please share any quantifiable impact 
on cost saving or service levels from this initiative so far? 
Samvid Gupta: 
It's hard to quantify, but we continuously keep investing in IT just to stay ahead of the curve. 
Like we have OCR technology at ICDs now. We were the first to do RFID and GPS. But again, 
it's very hard to keep quantifying things like this. It's a continuous improvement that we keep 
working on. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Okay. Okay. The last question from my side. In the year, you highlighted the use of rooftop solar 
and renewable energy integration at warehouses. So, could you share your targets for renewable 
power usage in the next 2 to 3 years, its potential effect on margins going forward? 
Samvid Gupta: 
So all our -- majority of our warehouses, say, 80%, 90% of all our locations in both Gateway's, 
Snowman's put together have solar. We've done this under the opex model so far where someone 
else invests and we just take the benefit. We take like a discount to the grid rate. But now going 

 
 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
forward, we're evaluating, doing it ourselves where we invest in the solar and then it will be 
about INR2 or INR2.5 compared to something in the average is about INR4.5 right now. 
 
Then we're also looking at electric vehicles for movement. That will also -- it's about -- the capex 
is almost double, but the opex is about one third, one fourth. So, there are savings there also. 
Other than this, we're also looking at LNG vehicles. So, that's also in similar lines to EV. We're 
already running CNG vehicles. We have about 65 vehicles -- 65, 70 vehicles. So, that also is 
focused more on the greener side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Achal Lohade: 
My first question is, if you could help us understand in terms of the competitive intensity, the 
overall EXIM growth, if we have gained, maintained market share? 
Samvid Gupta: 
So the trends for the last couple of quarters has been roughly the same. So whatever market share 
we've been reporting, it's broadly along the lines of that only. No fresh competition intensity has 
increased. Anything like discount levels also remain more or less the same. 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. If you could help us understand, if I see the numbers right, INR319 crores of revenue in 
rail segment, which implies a realization of INR34,200, which is down about 3% Y-o-Y. Is it 
entirely to do with the lead distance? Or is it to do with anything specifically on the pricing part? 
Samvid Gupta: 
No. So it's more a mix of empty versus laden. So, we've done more emptys in the last quarter 
due to the imbalance. So, you'll see a decline in revenue per TEU because of that. 
Achal Lohade: 
Would it be possible to get some sense how the emptys are usually and what was it in first 
quarter? 
Samvid Gupta: 
We're not really sharing the breakup publicly for empty versus lading. 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. But on an average, how much would that be typically? Would that be 15%, 20%? Or 
could that be 30%, 40%? 
Samvid Gupta: 
I mean, that's like I said, we're not getting into the split of laden versus empty. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And you said margin was INR9,100 per TEU. I presume this again includes the 
other income. But ex of other income, how much would that be? Would that be closer to 
INR9,000 per TEU? 
Samvid Gupta: 
Other income was very nominal this quarter. It's only about INR2.9 crores, out of which majority 
of it is business related only. So, we're not measuring it other side. 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. And in terms of the outlook, how do you see that in terms of the margins? 
Samvid Gupta: 
So, there is scope to increase double stacking. Possibly, we'll go back to INR9,500 in the coming 
quarters. 

 
 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. And if I may ask, in terms of the volumes, how do we see last 2, 3 quarters? We are seeing 
-- rather 4 quarters, we are stuck in that 92,000 to 94,000 TEUs on a quarterly basis. If you could 
give us some sense in the near term and from a medium-term perspective, how do we see this? 
Samvid Gupta: 
Generally, Q1 is weaker. I know last year was weak because of the Red Sea more than so. But 
for Q1, even to stay at the same level that we did for Q4, it's a good achievement. For even the 
rest of the year, we should see some growth coming in. We're still targeting a double-digit growth 
for the entire year. 
Achal Lohade: 
Okay. Which implies a very steep ask for the balance 9 months. Is that still doable according to 
you? 
Samvid Gupta: 
Yes, I think it's possible. 
Achal Lohade: 
Okay. Got it. If I may ask a further question with respect to the DFC, what is the update you 
have with respect to the connection at JNPT and how does it impact us? 
Rajguru Behgal: 
Yes. Rajguru, this side. So right now, we have the same status. The last stretch of 100 kilometers, 
it is just to get operational. So, what we are expecting as per DFC, so it will get operational by -
- like on the side, we are telling 31st December 2025. But when we spoke to them, so we are 
expecting that it should get completed by 31st March 2026. 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. And when it gets connected, does it benefit us, hurt us in terms of -- given we are not 
really much present at the JNPT? 
Rajguru Behgal: 
So, it is too early to say, because there are multiple factors that will come into play - how the 
shipping lines are going to do their vessel rotation and how the cargo, which is going to Pipavav 
and Mundra, how the exporters, importers - they are going to ship. Because ultimately, it is the 
extra distance of 300 kilometers vis-a-vis Mundra and Pipavav. So, that will also come into play. 
 
And what pricing, shipping lines are going to come up and what the pricing the port authorities 
are going to come up vis-a-vis Pipavav and Mundra. So, that is something which will determine 
how much volume will get shifted. But we have a pan-India license and we have this advantage 
that after CONCOR, so we are only one of the private operators who have regular services 
towards JNPT. And definitely, we will foresee an advantage once this corridor starts. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. 
Aditya Mongia: 
I will go ahead with my question. The first question is you've talked about the double stacking 
portion declining for you in the quarter. Could you quantify the quantum of double stacking for 
the quarter? And why is it declining? 
Samvid Gupta: 
So it's 39%, and it's basically declined due to lack of exports. There's also realignment of trade. 
Certain volumes have increased towards Mundra rather than Pipavav, which is further increasing 
their balance. Also, there's a slight echo on your line. So, I'll just request if you're on speaker or 
something, please use the handset. 

 
 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. I hope this is better from my side. The second question that I had was, if you could 
share the individual market shares that you typically do for the key markets of Ludhiana, NCR 
and others, that would be helpful. 
Rajguru Behgal: 
Yes. So basically, we have been able to retain the same kind of market share. At NCR, we have 
retained between 16% to 17%. And Ludhiana, we have retained 27% and at Uttarakhand, that is 
37%. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Okay. The third question that I had was more on this guidance of INR9,500 of EBITDA per 
TEU. At some point of time, this was INR10,000 kind of guidance. Now, numbers have fallen 
to about INR9,100. I understand there is an empty mix issue. But just wanted to get a sense of 
how to think through the steps that need to be taken to get to INR9,500 and what is the outside 
chance of doing better than that? 
Samvid Gupta: 
INR9,500 would be our normal only. So, that would just be with slight better trade volumes like 
export increasing and there were some double stack restrictions during the months of May and 
June. So, that is no longer there. So, we should probably get back there quite fast. INR10,000 
plus, we had kind of said when it would be connected to Bombay, the DFC. And also, we had 
factored in Jaipur coming in. But still, that being said, we can still look towards the INR10,000 
even when Bombay comes in. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Okay. The last question that I had was, I just wanted to get a more comprehensive response on 
Jaipur and outside. What are the key cases, including an outside Jaipur, wherein there is some 
issue linked to land acquisition? And what have been the progress in the last quarter gone by? 
Because I see several disclosures inside, which talk about beyond Jaipur, certain other issues in 
Snowman and the CFS side of things. So it would be useful to get a comprehensive response 
from the company on the same. 
Samvid Gupta: 
Yes. There's only one other land issue going on, which is in Krishnapatnam. So basically, GDL 
sold some land to Snowman and part of it got registered, part of it didn't get registered because 
there's some old survey from -- old records from the 1920s, which are being questioned by the 
local government over there. So, we filed an appeal over there to get this land registered, but it's 
not stopped any operations at all. 
 
So, we don't believe that this will have any effect for us. But it is an old case and we can't do 
anything about it. And we believe we're in the right because when GDL bought the land, it got 
registered without any problems. It's only when Snowman was trying to acquire from within 
GDL. So, that will get sorted out soon, hopefully. 
 
Jaipur, we've already disclosed what's there. There are no other land issues going on in the group. 
Generally, what we say, land acquisition remaining a challenge, that's the same issues that we 
mentioned that it is either pricing or clear title - that we don't want any encroachment on it. It 
should have specific road access, connectivity to the railway station, the right length and the 
width and near a manufacturing hub. 
 
So, those were the constraints. If you generally see lesser and lesser ICDs has been coming in, 
which is why we started exploring the asset-light model also, and we are in discussions with a 

 
 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
couple of people where we do the rail part, but they will run the terminal. So hopefully, we can 
update you on that soon. 
Aditya Mongia: 
And any update on the sale of the land at the CFS? That will be my final question. 
Samvid Gupta: 
Sorry, the CFS sales you're referring to? 
Aditya Mongia: 
So the CFS portfolio, there were some land parcels or let's say some CFS that you would wanted 
to discontinue and sell as land for other purposes to players outside. Is there any progress being 
made on that aspect? 
Samvid Gupta: 
So, we are in discussion with some people, but we've not found the right valuation. And it's not 
a distressed sale, so we don't want to sell it at anything. And meanwhile, it's still generating good 
cash flow. So only when the right valuation comes in, we'll consider selling it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Slade Alexander from Artha India Ventures. 
Slade Alexander: 
Sir, my question is regarding the segmental revenue trends for Snowman. So for the 
transportation and warehouse segments, there has been a slight change, like a single-digit change 
quarter-on-quarter. But for the trading and distribution segment, I can see a change of around 
54% quarter-on-quarter. So, that seems to be far more than the other 2 segments. So, could you 
please tell me some more about the nature of this thing, what mainly drove it and how sustainable 
that will be for the coming quarters? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: So, we have seen positive growth in our warehousing and distribution business that is attributed 
by the new customers we added last quarter and with the existing customers also, there has been 
a solid growth. So it is clearly reflecting on the segment and that also has given us some boost 
to our warehousing and distribution business. 
Moderator: 
Sir, your voice is not clear properly. I'm sorry to interrupt sir. 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: Okay. Is it clearer now? 
Slade Alexander: 
Yes. 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: It's a bit better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: Great. So, I was saying that we have seen good increase from our existing customers, plus a 
couple of new clients which were added last year -- I mean last quarter of last year and they have 
also started gaining some momentum. So overall, the segment of Snow Distribute wherein we 
do the entire 5PL  has helped us gain that momentum and maintain it. And as we see the 
projections from all these customers, it looks like there will be a positive impact going forward 
as well. 
Slade Alexander: 
Okay. So, can you please give maybe some guidance for the three segments? How much growth 
will be expected in the coming quarters for the revenue? 

 
 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: So typically, quarter 1 is a little higher than Q2, if we see historically as well. And we expect to 
maintain the same pace, as what we have done in quarter 1 and continue thereon to meet our 
annual budgets. 
Slade Alexander: 
So then -- so quarter 1 was high for trading and distribution segment, but then transportation and 
warehouses weren't as high. So are you saying that, that same trend will continue that it will just 
be single-digit growth for transportation and warehousing? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: So in transportation, we are strategically managing a little lesser numbers because we wanted to 
weed out the low-margin businesses. So in transportation, as I said, we strategically made a little 
-- I mean it's an informed decision wherein we wanted to weed out the low-yield margin or 
negative margin businesses. And thus, the growth is not reflecting. But as per our targets from 
next quarter onwards, we are going to work back on that, and it is going to show a positive trend. 
Slade Alexander: 
Okay. And for warehousing as well? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: Warehousing has been doing good. We just onboarded our two facilities, which is Calcutta and 
Krishnapatnam. They will definitely be adding revenues, plus we have taken a warehouse on 
asset-light model in Kundli, which will also start contributing from the month of August. And 
then a couple of them are in pipeline as well in new locations. So, that will help to add 
furthermore. 
Slade Alexander: 
Yes. Sorry to be repetitive, but if you could give like some figure, what would be expected from 
these new warehouses like in percentage terms or absolute terms, just an estimate? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: I mean, if I say for the quarter, just an estimate, maybe we'll have a utilization percentage 
increase by approximately 7,000 to 10,000 pallets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Tokas from FVC. 
Kunal Tokas: 
My first question is about the 5PL business. It would be great if you could tell us what the scope 
of your work is geographically for some of your clients like Tim Hortons or BR or Kopi 
Kenangan? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: So typically, we do the end-to-end supply chain management for them. And in that, it includes 
right from procurement activities. For customers like IKEA, we also do the factory audits of the 
vendors. It includes warehousing, distribution. I mean, distribution per se goes to their outlets. 
So right from procurement to planning to execution, everything falls in our portfolio there. 
 
We also do for a few of the clients, I mean, we do evaluate vendors. We do find out new vendors 
and offer them products. And then for customers like IKEA, Tim Hortons and Kenangan, we do 
a little bit of import as well from across the globe and then bring it to our bonded warehouse and 
then distribute it to them or sell it to them. 
Kunal Tokas: 
And what regions would you be handling for those clients? Are you catering to them on a pan-
India basis or handling specific geographies only? 

 
 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: So for Baskin's, there are specific geographies, but all other -- I mean Baskin's and Unilever are 
specific geographies, whereas for IKEA, Tim Hortons and Kenangan, we are doing pan-India 
basis. 
Kunal Tokas: 
Just to confirm, you said for Tim Hortons, BR and Kopi Kenangan, you do pan-India? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: Tim Hortons, IKEA and Kenangan. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, sir. Your voice is not audible properly. 
Samvid Gupta: 
Can you hear me now? Is this fine? 
Moderator: 
Yes. Now it is better. 
Samvid Gupta: 
Tim Hortons, IKEA and Kopi is pan-India. Baskin and HUL is regional. 
Kunal Tokas: 
Okay. Understood. And second question is about a comment you made, early in the call, that 
you are pivoting to a model where you own the asset. Does this also apply to your transportation 
business in Snowman? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: So, we have a mix of it -- we do own trucks and we also take on asset-light model. So, the same 
model pertains to transportation as well, wherein we own approximately 300 vehicles and then 
a similar number is on lease basis or on trip basis with us, which is through our SnowLink 
platform.  
Kunal Tokas: 
And as you grow, do you want to maintain a certain ratio or will you onboard more third-party 
vehicles rather than your own? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa 
So, more will go towards the third-party vehicles and then we will maintain our fleet almost 
approximately to the numbers we have today.  
Kunal Tokas: 
Okay. And just a last question on warehousing. So the 6% growth rate, can you decompose it in 
terms of new capacity added and rate increases or decreases, whatever was the result? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: So, in the last quarter, we have seen rate hikes from most of our customers and we have been 
able to achieve that. That has ended up giving us a better yield than last quarter and last year 
same quarter as well. In terms of the capacities added, approximately 15,000 pallets is what we 
have added.  
Kunal Tokas: 
I understood what you were saying, sir. 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: So, I was telling that we have…. Ok you understood, Fine fine. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Disha Giria from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Disha Giria: 
Yes. Sir, in your presentation, you had mentioned that there are certain new opportunities 
available in the domestic segment for Gateway Distriparks. So if you could just specify them a 
bit? 

 
 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Samvid Gupta: 
So while EXIM volumes remain stable, we are looking at different ways to increase our volumes. 
So within our existing customers and network, there are some opportunities. We have to procure 
domestic containers. Right now, we have a fleet of 800, but it's a bit aged. So, we're looking to 
get some new containers and then start moving things in the domestic segment. We've already 
crossed about, say, 600, 700 TEUs on it - last month average. So, we should be expanding on 
this front. 
Disha Giria: 
Okay. My next question is, over the past 1, 1.5 years, you had an expansion plan. The stepping 
stone of it was the Jaipur ICD. Now, it has been delayed due to the land issues and everything 
and connectivity issues. Meanwhile, there's another competitor who is willing to enter into the 
same industry and has a very huge FY '30 target, which they plan on achieving. 
 
So, how would you compete with the additional competition? How will you meet your expansion 
initiative? Because you already have 2 big players in this industry, that's CONCOR and Adani. 
With the third big player coming in, how are you going to compete? And how will it impact your 
expansion strategies? 
Samvid Gupta: 
Which announcement are you referring to for FY '30? Can you just elaborate a little? 
Disha Giria: 
I'm talking about JSW's logistics expansion plan. 
Samvid Gupta: 
Okay. See, people have been announcing ICDs since before we started also. So, we've been 
focused on our growth story. We've had problems in the last couple of years that we have not 
been able to identify the right location. But we do have plans and it's not just 1 or 2 locations. 
We've identified probably the next 6, 7 ICDs that we want to open up. 
 
But it will take some time, and we don't want to get stuck in a situation like Jaipur again. So, we 
are being extra careful. We're looking at some asset-light models also, apart from domestic, 
where we mentioned earlier that someone else operates the terminal, but we operate the rail. So, 
no capex from our side. Sorry? 
Disha Giria: 
In the Gati Shakti scheme. 
Samvid Gupta: 
No, these are some private freight terminals that someone is looking at. Gati Shakti also, so far, 
we've not found anything suitable. But if some good proposal comes in the Gati Shakti scheme 
also, we'll be happy to look at that as well. 
Disha Giria: 
Okay. All right. But there has been issues in our expansion plan and it has delayed it 
significantly. If I am correct, the Jaipur ICD at the start was supposed to be operational by FY 
'25, then it got delayed to '26 and then now '27 expected time line. And if we plan on having the 
6, 7 more ICDs, how will that pan out? Any time line as such? 
Samvid Gupta: 
Yes, it takes 2 years to build up an ICD. So 6, 7, I'm talking over a period of 5 to 7 years, not 
even immediate. We are focused on two in the near term. But this is just not an issue with us. 
It's an industry-wide issue. If you look all across, everyone is struggling to find land to expand 
in the right locations. We can expand in a place which has 500 or 1,000 TEUs per month, but it 

 
 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
won't make sense. So, we're trying to target key market areas along the Northwest and Central 
parts of India. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prithvi Ranga from Avendus Spark. 
Prithvi Ranga: 
Just a couple of bookkeeping questions from my side. Sir, if you can -- sorry, I missed out on 
the earlier part. So if you can just... 
Moderator: 
Sir, your voice is not clear properly. 
Prithvi Ranga: 
Can you hear me now? 
Moderator: 
It's still muffled and there is some background noise from your side. 
Prithvi Ranga: 
If you can just give me segmental EBITDA per TEU for the rail and CFS business and also a 
broad outlook on the capex going forward this year and through FY '27, that would be great. 
Samvid Gupta: 
Sorry, I can't really understand. If you are on speaker, I'd just request you to go to handset. 
Prithvi Ranga: 
Yes. Just a couple of bookkeeping questions from my side. Am I audible now? 
Samvid Gupta: 
Yes. Much better. 
Prithvi Ranga: 
Yes. If you can please share the EBITDA per TEU segment-wise for rail and the CFS business 
and also a broad capex outlook for FY '26 and through FY '27, that would be great? 
Samvid Gupta: 
So, rail is at INR9,100 and CFS is at INR1,500. We had announced at the start of the call. The 
capex plans remain the same. Basically, we are looking at about INR30 crores of capex per year. 
This is not counting any new terminals. As and when a new terminal comes in, that will be at an 
average of about INR150 crores per terminal. So, we've earmarked INR300 crores for two 
terminals. And then the balance works from Jaipur, whenever that comes in will be about INR60 
crores, INR70 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Gupta from Fair Value Capital. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Sir, a couple of questions with regard to Snowman. So, we have added some capacity with 
respect to the pallet size. So, can you just describe like what kind of a opportunity size you're 
looking at over the next 3 years? What kind of the capex we will be incurring? And also in your 
opening remarks, you mentioned about the pricing hikes you have taken in this segment. So just 
can you describe on the same? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: So, I mean, our plan is to continue to spend something around INR100 crores from our 
investments into our own facilities and then build couple of asset-light models alongside. So, 
maybe 3 to 4 facilities in next 2 years and in next 3 years, probably 5 to 6 facilities is what is on 
the horizon right now. And the other question was on?  
Management: 
Price increase. 

 
 
Gateway Distriparks Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: Price increase. So price increase, I mean, it's in the range of 5% to 7% in general. Looking at 
segment to segment, it varies, but that's in general what is coming at present.  
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. So overall, in terms of the pallet size, I think 1.5 we have currently. But overall, if you 
look 3 years down the line, how do you see the overall level of pallet reaching up? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: We'll go beyond 200 plus -- I mean, 200,000 pallets plus. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. And sir, secondly, just to get a sense about what's your thought process with respect to 
5PL, given out it's a low-margin business as compared to the warehousing, which is one of the 
traditional business for us? And what kind of risks are associated because we are involved in the 
complete value chain for all the customers we are catering to? So how do you read it? Like 
what's the strategic thought process behind investing in 5PL right now? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: See, 5PL gives us additional stickiness to the customers. That's the first part of it. It adds to my 
warehousing. It adds to my distribution business, which is the core for Snowman. And then we 
add upon other opportunities of creating margins from the trading of products. So net-net, it's a 
very healthy business to be in.  
 
We have to be thoughtful of the customers we pick and we are very careful on with whom we 
are engaging and then the long term -- I mean, we look at the longevity of the relationship as 
well - before we and the customer we get into a knot and start operating. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Sure. Last question, sir, if I can squeeze in. With respect to the quick com and e-com, just to get 
a sense, what will be the revenue contribution coming out from this towards the logistics chain? 
And I believe this has been one of the segments, which has exponentially been growing. So, how 
do you see that trend playing out with respect to the industry and with respect to us? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: Quick commerce is also e-com and Quick commerce is a part of our business as of now, and 
they have been contributing to the extent -- I mean, we have an exposure with them and we are 
doing fairly well. That's what I can tell you at present. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Any quantification, sir, with respect to our overall revenue exposure towards them? 
Padamdeep Singh Handa: I would not be, segment-wise numbers and all, we will not be sharing. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. Participants that have missed out 
due to the time constraint can reach out to the management and SGA team for the Gateway 
Distriparks and Snowman Logistics for any further information. With that, we conclude this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
