() 
| Vardhman 
VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
Delivering Excellence. Since 1965. 
CHANDIGARH ROAD 
LUDHIANA-141010, PUNJAB 
T: 
+91-161-2228943-48 
F: 
+91-161-2601048 
E: 
secretarial.lud@vardhman.com 
  
Vardhman 
| 
  
  
Ref. VSSL:SCY:AUG:2025-26 
Dated: 01-Aug-2025 
BSE Limited, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
New Trading Ring, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, MUMBAI-400001. 
MUMBAI-400 051 
Scrip Code: 534392 
Scrip Code: VSSL 
 
 
 
  
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL OF VARDHMAN SPECIAL 
STEELS LIMITED - 1QFY26 
Sit, 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule 
Ill of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed herewith transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company held on 
28" July, 2025 to discuss the Company’s business and financial performance for 1Q 
FY26. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
(SONAM DHINGRA) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
YARNS 
| 
FABRICS 
| 
THREADS 
| 
GARMENTS 
! 
FIBRES 
| 
STEELS 
  
CIN: L27100PB2010PLC033930 
WWW.VARDHMANSTEEL.COM
SONAM 
DHINGRA
Digitally signed by SONAM DHINGRA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=141012, st=PUNJAB, 
street=HOUSE NO. 121-B ,LUDHIANA,141012, 
l=LUDHIANA, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=b09c707fc4f741fb18f54bfbc84b1ffe97be
24b137d8dbbb3f7f1edb86e95c74, 
pseudonym=a7ca790b23d74dc6becad3a90c08d077, 
2.5.4.20=53ace98660da7d7f91b5dbf8bb23eabcfe0c921
575933b925e673687fb584ff1, 
email=SONAMTANEJA32@GMAIL.COM, cn=SONAM 
DHINGRA 
Date: 2025.08.01 12:50:06 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SACHIT JAIN – VICE CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJEEV SINGLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
 
MR. R. K. REWARI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
 
MS. SOUMYA JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. YASH UPADHYAY – IIFL CAPITAL SERVICES  
 
 
 
LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Vardhman Special Steels' Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by IIFL Capital Services Ltd. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yash Upadhyay. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Yash Upadhyay: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of IIFL Capital Services Ltd., welcome to the 
Q1 FY '26 Post-Earnings Conference Call of Vardhman Special Steels Limited. I also take this 
opportunity to welcome the senior management team. On today's call, we have with us Mr. 
Sachit Jain, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Sanjeev Singla, CFO; and Mr. R. K. 
Rewari, Executive Director; and Ms. Soumya Jain, Executive Director. 
 
Now I hand over to the management for their opening remarks, which will then be followed by 
a Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Sachit Jain: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and thank you for coming to our 
conference call. Last quarter has been good and slightly tough on -- good that our volumes are 
intact in terms of our targets. And we've also implemented our Kocks Block very well, that is 
getting stabilized. In fact, it is in good operations from day one. We did not do lose any material 
because of any bad quality or anything. So it stabilized much faster than was anticipated. So that 
went well. 
 
On the margin front, there is a pressure because there are big players from the outset, and 
therefore, price cutting continues. And as a result, our margins are at the lower end of our 
EBITDA range. We are at about INR7,000 EBITDA per ton for this quarter. Also, raw material 
prices are at a declining trend. And therefore, there's a valuation -- inventory valuation loss of 
roughly INR6 crores. So with that, actually, the margins are slightly -- actual margins are slightly 
better than what appears in the numbers. 
 
On capex, as I said, the Kocks Block successfully commissioned. New heating furnace is in 
progress. It should get commissioned in the last quarter of this year. The solar plant is in the last 
stages. It should have got commissioned by the June quarter, but there is a small court case, 
which has come in for some of the line, which may delay this project. And it should come up -- 
it should be cleared by August, but that is still in progress, and the new NDT line is in progress. 
 
On the Greenfield steel plant, I'm very happy to report that our partners, Aichi and the Vardhman 
team have started working together. RFQs for the equipment is going to go out this week, and 
land purchase is in progress. And we hope to commission this plant in July '29 as per an 
aggressive schedule as we had put forward. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
For this, Aichi has already put in equity. INR385 crores has come in from Aichi with which their 
equity stake has gone up to 24.9%. So they -- this has gone in a significant vote of confidence 
in the company. 
 
As the need of funds comes up later, there will be fund -- further fund infusion in the form of 
equity, which could come from either Aichi or Vardhman Group or a QIP or a combination of 
the three. And then there'll be a loan component, which will be taken from one of the commercial 
banks. 
 
We intend to be conservative in the balance sheet. And even at the peak, we will be targeting a 
debt/equity of about 0.5:1 because it's important to be conservative while the plant is getting 
commissioned. Once the plant is commissioned, then you have more flexibility on the financial 
structures. 
 
This capital that has come in has gone largely to repay all our debt, and so we have become a 
debt-free company now. And remaining is in FDs, which will be used as and when we need 
funds for our capex. We also have a very important update, which happened in the previous -- 
in the just-concluded Board meeting. As most of you know, our partners, Aichi, are one of the 
world's leaders in forging. And in the area of specialized forging for automotive, they are perhaps 
the world's number one company. 
 
And after years of studying the Indian market, they have finally decided to enter India. Of course, 
that will be through VSS. And we are looking for a specialized product where there is hardly 
any competition in India. And that line is being discussed together between our teams. And our 
target is that it should come up almost at the same time as the new steel plant comes up, maybe 
a little before, maybe a little after. 
 
The detailed project cost, the detailed thing will be finalized in the next 6 months. But at this 
time -- at this point of time, I think it suffices that this kind of -- the new line of business, the 
forward integration is going to start. And we believe this is going to be a major business going 
ahead in the future. 
 
So that's all from me at this point in the opening remarks. Mr. Singla will carry on with some 
financials, and then we can have the Q&A. Thank you. 
Sanjeev Singla: 
Thank you, sir. On the financial side, first quarter compared to the first quarter of last year, this 
quarter, we have achieved a total volume of 55,500 tons of sales, which is higher by about 10% 
over the corresponding quarter of last year. And revenue from operations is INR433 crores, 
higher by 5%. Some mitigated because of the decline in prices happened in the last year and this 
quarter also. 
 
EBITDA per ton is at INR39 crores, lower by 18%, primarily because of two reasons that Jain, 
sir, has already explained that this quarter we have inventory valuation loss of about INR6 crores. 
That is one. And second, last year, our production was for the full quarter, whereas in this quarter 
there is a shutdown of 10 to 12 days because of Kocks. And last year, the fixed cost allocation 
was on a larger quantity. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
As a result, EBITDA per ton for the quarter is INR7,077, still well within the range -- stated 
range but at the lower end. As a result, our PAT stands at INR20 crores as against INR26 crores 
in the corresponding quarter. 
 
So that's all on the financials, and I now invite the questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Anil Kumar Sharma, an Individual Investor. 
Anil Kumar Sharma: 
Congrats on a good number in a tough situation. Sir, I have one query regarding the coming 
expansion as you mentioned. Sir, when do you think it will be complete if '29 this will be started? 
And when do you think it will be completed, full benefit when can be started? 
 
And what do you expect the return on capital implied as you have always stressed for a 20%-
plus return on capital? What do you think on those lines? And what is the forging -- how much 
-- any estimate on the forging plant that will be separate from this greenfield project, I think. 
Sachit Jain: 
Yes. So the new plant, we expect it to start by July '29. And full capacity utilization -- because 
approvals will all take time. Again, every plant will have to be approved again. But again, thanks 
to Aichi and their technical prowess, our approval process should not take as long as a normal 
new steel plant would take. And so we expect in between 2 to 3 years, the plant should reach to 
full utilization. That will be our target. So full benefits, I would say, in 3 years' time is what we 
will target. 
 
And return on capital employed, we will -- once the plant is fully commissioned and fully utilized 
should be around the same figure that we have always said, between around 20% EBITDA on 
capital employed, company as a whole. And again, we'll be targeting towards -- we will reach -
- we will hit 20%, hopefully, by then. And then our target will be to go back up to 25%. 
Anil Kumar Sharma: 
One more question, sir. The last question... 
Sachit Jain: 
And as regards the forging -- yes, regarding the forging, forging capex will be in addition to the 
capex already announced. Details and all as of now, as I said, in 6 months' time, all planning 
details and all will come up over the next 6 months and then we'll have more details to share, 
stricter -- what approximate time lines, revenue, expected investment. All those things, we 
should be able to share in about 6 months' time -- roughly 6 months' time. 
Anil Kumar Sharma: 
One more question regarding this current ongoing expansion... 
Sachit Jain: 
Can you come back? Anilji, can you come back once other people. We'll be happy to answer 
your question after that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. 
Radha: 
Sir, in your opening remarks, you mentioned about pricing pressure being replaced on account 
of some larger competitors. So please give some more highlights in terms of what is the total 
supply and demand of our products in India today? And which are the key competitors who are 
creating such pricing pressure? 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Sachit Jain: 
I think this is a detailed kind of market research kind of answer. Please send us a mail and we 
will answer that separately. But the main -- as you can see that our sales have already increased. 
So we are able to maintain our sales as per our targets. And I'll be happy to announce also that 
we have entered into some pricing formula with some of the key OEs, after which we will be 
now safe from the pricing pressure because of any other large companies' desire to undercut 
prices. 
Radha: 
Okay. Actually, I was asking because until the new plant is going to get commissioned, so we 
can expect about 5% to 10% volume growth. And given the price correction that is happening, 
what kind of... 
Sachit Jain: 
No, we have already announced that our target -- before the new plant is getting commissioned, 
our attempt will be to reach 260,000 to 270,000 tons of sales from the last year's 215,000 tons 
sales. So from 215,000, we'll go up to 265,000 to 270,000 in the next 4 years. 
Radha: 
That's on the volume front. But considering the pricing scenario, any highlights on how do you 
see this... 
Sachit Jain: 
Pricing scenario depends on raw material prices. Pricing scenario depends on raw material 
prices. Raw material prices fall further, then prices will also fall. Raw material prices rise and 
prices will rise. So we do not -- that is why we talk about volume. We do not make predictions 
on sales. 
 
And we talk of EBITDA on tons and there are 3, 4 factors, which will increase the EBITDA per 
ton from next year. One is our solar plant, which should have kicked in by June, but we have 
started getting the benefit partly in second quarter and then second half and full performance of 
that next year. That is one factor. 
 
The second factor will be with the new reheating furnace getting commissioned, the material we 
sent for job work outside will all be done in-house -- not all, pardon me, largely done in-house 
and therefore a large part of that cost will get saved. 
 
And the third part is with the new reheating furnace, our billet size is going to increase, and 
hence, the yields are going to improve. And the fourth benefit is as volumes increase, there are 
other hidden costs, which include power cost reduction, yield improvement, other things happen 
with increased volume. So -- and there's a benefit of the Kocks Block coming in because Kocks 
Block till we get the final approval from customers, the full benefit of the Kocks Block is going 
to come in only in the next year. 
 
So those are the four factors, which will lead to better margins from -- coming up from next 
year. As you all would recall, our new reheating furnace was originally expected to come up by 
June, but because of delay in the equipment supply and other factors, so this is going to -- got 
delayed by about 6 months. 
Radha: 
Sir, actually, all the margin improvement measures... 
Sachit Jain: 
Radha, can you come back in the queue, please? 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up Financial Consultants Private 
Limited. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, just following from the previous question, should we partly assume that the pricing pressure 
is behind -- because you mentioned that we have taken a pricing formula with certain OEMs and 
we do not expect further price cut, so this pricing pressure should be the worst in Q1 and things 
would abate going forward? Would that be a reasonable assumption? 
Sachit Jain: 
So let me put this way, it'll not get worse than this. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. 
Sachit Jain: 
When will it get better? Very difficult to say at this point in time. But a couple of factors which 
are, I would say, tailwinds in our favor. One is this area of green steel, sustainability, carbon 
footprint, more and more customers are talking about it. And we feel in the next year or two, 
this could start translating into even more business coming our way. So which means as you get 
to choose to a better product mix -- customer mix, and therefore, the possibility of margins 
improving on that front. 
 
The second thing is this concept of circular economy, which is the scrap coming in from the OE 
comes to the steel company. Steel made by us go to Tier 1s or Tier 2s of the auto companies. So 
with this concept, which is getting gradually more -- again, more and more people talking about 
this. And one OE has started moving on a concrete plan with somewhere in the next 6 months, 
they want to test this concept and then increase this concept. What this will give us is a sustained 
business, protection of business, and hence, protection of margins also as we go along. 
 
So this is something which we have been banking on. And with this -- and we are the company 
best -- by far the best suited amongst the auto-approved companies. Though there is one 
company, Saarloha Steel of Kalyani Group, which is a private company, which is ahead of us in 
this journey of green, but we would be the second best placed company in the country, and by 
far, at this point in time. So none of our competitors come anywhere near us in this area of green 
and carbon footprint. 
 
So the day this becomes law as the government intends to do, we will stand to have a major 
advantage and there'll be a major pressure on us to supply more quantities and therefore 
possibility for us to drop the less profitable products and improve our margin mix. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sure. And sir, any sense what could be the green steel EBITDA per ton margin versus current 
what we are selling right now is INR7,000 to INR10,000? What could... 
Sachit Jain: 
No, no. We are anyway selling green steel. For us, it is green steel. The question only is once 
there is a pull in the market, there are products that can be dropped from the current product mix, 
we feel easily INR1,000 to INR2,000. We don't know where, but INR1,000 to INR2,000 increase 
in EBITDA per ton is a possibility. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Whether we'll get there or not, I don't know. It will happen in 2 years' time, 1 year's time, 3 years' 
time, all difficult to predict. But this is the tailwind. So the point is if -- when the change happens, 
it's in our favor. We have not taken this into our forecast anywhere. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sure. Got it. And sir, one more question on the forging capex. So it will be in the new plant that 
we are acquiring? 
Sachit Jain: 
We are trying to see if we can put it in the existing plant, but all that in the next 6 months, please. 
For forging, we don't have more information at this point in time, but -- this is under discussion. 
But we are examining if at least one line of forging, the first line, the pilot plant can come up in 
the existing plant. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. And sir, just 1 more question. You mentioned that... 
Sachit Jain: 
Can you come back in the queue, please? Can you come back in the queue, please? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rudraksh Gupta from Navneet Investment Trust. 
Rudraksh Gupta: 
This is Rudraksh Gupta from Navneet Investment Trust. Especially related to forging segment, 
since you are suggesting forging is a very large opportunity and Aichi is the largest company in 
the world in specialties forging, are any of those forging capabilities available in India? And 
what are the limitations that have restricted investment in this space? 
Sachit Jain: 
So again, as per our partners, okay, I'm saying as per them, for the products that are thinking of 
getting into India, there is no competition. So -- and the second question for you is what took 
them so much time. They have been studying the forging market in India and planning to enter 
from before the steel plant because they saw the opportunity in forging much earlier. But getting 
the right partner has been difficult, and therefore, they could not enter. 
 
But once with Vardhman, we started in steel and after 6 years of working together, the 
confidence that they have developed in us as partners has prompted them that now is the time. 
And since it's been on their agenda for the last 15 years, that's why the hurry to now -- once they 
have decided after their stake has gone up. So I would say, finding the right partner, which, in 
this case, is Vardhman, the confidence of 6 years of working together. 
 
And third, with the equity infusion; and fourth, since the last 1 year, I mean, they were not sure 
about our desire for forging. And once we started telling them also that we are also keen for 
forging, all those factors combined together. And finally, in this Board meeting, it was decided 
that yes, we will now go ahead. 
Rudraksh Gupta: 
Okay, sir. And what is the kind of profitability that the Japanese and Aichi makes in this 
business? And what is the profitability that you... 
Sachit Jain: 
No -- as I said, we have no information as of now. This is just a strategic decision. In the next 6 
months, all this will be finalized. A lot of discussions have to happen. A lot of information will 
be exchanged and decision taken. So about 6 -- roughly 6 months will take for all this thing, and 
we will be able to share that maybe in 6 months' time. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Gupta from Orient Research. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
So I wanted to understand on the demand side, sir. So demand which we are getting, is this 
demand sustainable in the coming quarters as well, sir? 
Sachit Jain: 
For steel, yes, I don't see much of a problem in meeting this demand. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Okay. And second, I have like a... 
Sachit Jain: 
Our target for this year is 225,000 tons is our budget for this year. So as of now, we feel we will 
be able to meet this target. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Okay. And secondly, what is the update on our export side, sir, how that side is performing? 
Sachit Jain: 
That side, as we said earlier, because of pressure in Thailand, which is our main market. The 
exports are not taking place to the extent we had envisaged together. And therefore, the pressure 
that steel uptake that Aichi had forecasted from exports, they may substitute that with the uptake 
in the consumption of steel in the forging business, which would be focused on the domestic 
market. But clearly, it's a new consumption, which Aichi will support. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Natasha Gupta, an Individual Investor. 
Natasha Gupta: 
Sir, my question is that currently you are running at close to full capacity. So how do you plan 
to grow over the next 2, 3 years? Are there any expansion plans in the pipeline? 
Sachit Jain: 
No. So capacity for us has 3 elements. One is melting, which is billet steelmaking and billet 
making. So we have tested a capacity of 45,000 tons in 1 month, which would translate to 
300,000 tons of billet making if this was equally spread out. But I would say 280,000 tons to 
285,000 tons is the billet making capacity as of now. So we have the capacity there. 
 
The constraint is in the rolling. Now rolling also has two parts. This constraint was -- one 
constraint was through -- eliminated by the Kocks Block. And the second constraint is with the 
reheating furnace. The reheating furnace is going to get commissioned by -- in the last quarter 
of this year. So after that, the capacity of the rolling mill will also be about 270,000 tons of 
output. So after that, there will be no constraint as far as production is concerned. 
 
The constraint then will move to the NDT because for the high-quality products, NDT may 
become a constraint. But the second NDT line has already been approved, already ordered and 
under construction. So that should get commissioned by June, July next year. And we have 
capacity to move up to then. So really speaking from the next financial year, which is '26, '27, 
right from the beginning, our capacity will be around 265,000 tons of rolled products. So we 
have the capacity. 
Natasha Gupta: 
Okay. Yes. Sir, any capex plans you have for the year? 
Sachit Jain: 
Next 2, 3 years is already announced, the reheating furnace, the NDT line, the tube extraction 
system from Kocks Block is already done. So -- and some R&D equipment. So these are the 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
capex, which is already announced and already undergoing. And there will be some more 
investments will happen for improving quality further, but this is already announced in ongoing. 
 
The new capex announced is INR2,000 crores for the new steel plant. And there will be a third 
capex announcement, which is as and when the forging plans get finalized, there will be a capex 
announcement for the forging line. 
 
And if it comes up in the existing plant as we are trying, there will be no capex for -- additional 
capex for land. And if one of the proposals that we have in mind, then even the existing buildings 
may work. So we may not even have a building, major capex, except for some minor alterations 
and some changes. 
 
So those are things all we are examining, which proposal works, which lines, the lay out, all 
those things are being discussed. But we are hopeful and our full attempt will be that it can come 
up in the existing lines. As you recall, we had bought 5 acres of land last year. So we have some 
additional land, which will be used either for this or shifting something from here to the new -- 
that site to get the forging here. So all those things are being finalized in the next 6 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Shah, an individual investor. 
Sarvesh Shah: 
Just one question on this new corporation that you have done. So just wanted to understand, is 
there any significant revenue contribution we can expect down the line, 1 or next 2 years from 
this collaboration? 
Sachit Jain: 
As far as the steel plant is concerned, there is no new steel collaboration. As far as forging is 
concerned, the forging plant, as I said, will come up by '29. So any revenue after the -- from the 
forging will happen only after that. 
 
And this is just to start. We will formulate specific plans, but I visualize this business going up 
to 60,000 to 100,000 tons a year of forging capacity in the next 10 years. So we will see 
continuous growth once this business starts. But provided the first line is successful and we 
stabilize and learn this business and able to do a job, do a good job. 
 
And the interesting part about forging is incremental capital required for growth is not as much 
as for steel and you don't need large capex to start this business. So it is a modular business. You 
can put in one line and the second line and the third line and keep on adding lines rather than a 
new steel plant that one line itself is going to cost us INR2,000 crores. 
 
So it's going to be more capital efficient, and we hope to have -- be closer to the final customer. 
And we hope to improve our return on capital employed as we go ahead. But again, these are all 
hopes. At this point in time, I don't have concrete numbers to back this up at this point in time. 
This is just a directional statement that we are making that strategically we are entering the 
forging business. 
 
We will start with one line. And what we have gathered, together, we have studied the product 
that is being thought of, there is sufficient demand in the country. As we have talked to a few 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
customers, they are eagerly waiting for this product to start in the country. So selling this product 
in India to our existing customers is unlikely to be a problem. 
Sarvesh Shah: 
Okay. That's helpful. And sir, second question more on the industry side. So are there any 
initiatives taken by the government for the green steel? 
Sachit Jain: 
Yes, the government already announced the norms for green steel. They have set a carbon 
footprint of below 2.2 is green steel. They have taken a rating, star rating. 5-star rating is below 
1.6, and we are at 0.73. So we are significantly better than the government norms of 5-star rating. 
And after our solar plant comes up, we will be at around 0.45 to 0.48. So we'll be way, way 
better and our major competitors, all of them, will be in the range of 3 to 3.2. So our competitors 
will be between 3 to 3.2. Government norm is 2.2 is green steel. And we'll be at 0.5 to 0.48. 
 
And the government is contemplating a carbon trading mechanism also to come up. So it's 
clearly the government intends to give some benefits to the companies, which are at a lower 
carbon footprint. And there is going to be -- there is an announcement from the government that 
there will be preference for green steel in government procurement. 
 
Now as far as government procurement is concerned, for us, the main interest would be railways, 
especially from the new plant, but some from the existing plant. And once the government puts 
preference in government procurement, at some stage, it will ask the major OEs also to come in 
because government already has a target to reduce carbon footprint. They have made global 
commitments. And the target is to bring down the carbon footprint of steel industry to below 2 
by 2030. 
 
So very clearly, people like us with much lower carbon footprint, some advantage will flow our 
way. Now what specific advantage will come, when it will come is very difficult to predict, but 
this will happen in the next 5 years. Again, I'm repeating, for us, the main thing to see is the 
trend is in our favor whenever the change happens, it's going to benefit and has not been taken 
into account in any of our forecasts. 
Sarvesh Shah: 
That's helpful, sir. One more question on the update... 
Sachit Jain: 
There will be a forecast when it comes. Sorry, go ahead. 
Sarvesh Shah: 
Sir, I just wanted to know the update on the solar panel, which we are expected to start. Any 
update on that? 
Sachit Jain: 
Yes. We said it was supposed to have got commissioned in June. The solar plant is ready. It is 
ready. They have got all the approvals. It's just the line laying. Just a few transmission lines, 
there's a problem. Some people have gone to court, some farmers, which should get vacated in 
the next -- in the month of August. So hopefully, the month of August, we should have this plant 
running. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Radha: 
Sir, I wanted to understand for the INR2,000 crores capex that you have announced, how much 
is the breakup -- what is the breakup of equity and debt? And in equity, what is the breakup of 
equity funding plans? I'm asking this because after the Aichi stake inclusion, the promoter stake 
has come down to 51%. So what is the minimum promoter stake you want to have in the next 3 
to 4 years? 
Sachit Jain: 
Yes. So the project that we are planning as of now is going to be one -- roughly 1:1 debt/equity, 
so which will mean a INR1,000 crores of new equity being raised. And with INR1,000 crores 
net worth, which will be the situation of the existing plant by then, so this will mean INR2,000 
crores net worth and INR1,000 crore debt, which is 0.5 debt/equity, which is what we are 
targeting. 
 
Promoters are not hell-bent on any particular equity number. As of now, we intend to remain 
above 50%. But at some stage, if Aichi wants to increase their stake beyond this 24.9% in the 
next 5, 10 years, whenever they decide, that is something that we have already committed. As 
Vardhman Group, we will support the increase of their share in the company. 
 
So as of now, we have no desire to go beyond 51%. If Aichi decides to increase their stake, we 
will facilitate their increase in stake. There could be a possibility of a QIP coming in, but that is 
something that we will examine when we need the funds. As of now, the major need of funds 
we envisage is going to be in 2028. 
Radha: 
Okay. So out of INR1,000 crores equity, it could be INR385 we have already got. So the value 
is about INR600 crores. The QIP would be to that amount or... 
Sachit Jain: 
No, no, no. There will be -- see all those in QIP will be decided. Aichi intends to retain their 
stake at 24.9%. So whatever is the further equity that is raised either from promoters or from 
QIP or both, Aichi will make sure that they retain 24.9%. So they will also put in more equity. 
Radha: 
Understood. And sir, for any new... 
Moderator: 
Ms. Radha, can you return to the question queue for a follow-up question. The next question is 
from the line of Saket from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket: 
Sir, firstly, on the forging line, which we are alluding to in the earlier conversations, so what 
kind of capacity and to which sector which you will be catering to, sir? And if you could just 
give a peer comparison, whom we will be directly competing? 
Sachit Jain: 
So this line is going to be purely for automotive business. And the capacity is going to be about 
12,000 to 15,000 tons per year, the first line. And as we said, there is no real direct competitor 
because they have a far superior process and far superior product than their products being used 
in the country. 
 
So final customers will be customers like Sona Comstar, Aisin and other such customers. So all 
who are -- so we are talking to several customers who are -- all of them are existing customers 
of VSS because we are also very careful. We do not want to compete with any existing customer. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
We want to be supportive to our customers' needs and give them a product which enhances their 
capabilities rather than competing with any of our customers. 
Saket: 
So the first line, as you mentioned, about 12,000 to 15,000 per ton, what kind of investment and 
what are the turnover... 
Sachit Jain: 
Please, as I said earlier, all these things will be finalized in the next 6 months. As of now, we 
have made the strategic decision to start -- as of now, we have taken a decision that strategically, 
we're entering this area with the idea of specialized forgings, which will not compete with our 
existing customers, which will support our existing customers. And so really, there will be no 
competition in India for the product that we are contemplating. 
 
We will start with 12,000 to 15,000 tons, first line. And we are trying to see if it will come up in 
the existing plant facility itself. The details will all be finalized in the next 6 months. And then 
moment they are finalized, it will be shared with all of you. 
Saket: 
Sir, on the volume front, you mentioned we have budgeted for this financial year for 225,000. 
Is that understanding correct, sir? 
Sachit Jain: 
Yes, that is correct. 
Saket: 
We did around 55,754 tons for the first quarter. So annualizing it, there will be almost a similar 
kind of volume for the remaining part of the year. That is what should be the linear trend, barring 
here and there... 
Sachit Jain: 
Business doesn't follow a linear trend, so -- but yes, you're right. 
Saket: 
Sorry, I did not get it. Come again? 
Sachit Jain: 
I said the auto demand does not follow a linear trend in the year. Second quarter is normally the 
highest sales. So second quarter will be higher. Third quarter will be a little lower. Fourth quarter 
is the lowest. 
Saket: 
Okay. And I was coming to the customer feedback condition which -- yes, please. 
Sachit Jain: 
This is typical, but sometimes this is changes. So these things are -- which vary depend. We are 
an intermediate supplier. So our sales are dependent on auto sales. 
Saket: 
Correct, sir. My second -- my question follow-up is on that front. What are the current feelers 
from our major customer, taking into account the deemed export from the customer side to the 
other nations where tariffs is the axe x overhanging. So how are things lined up in terms of our 
customers' commitment to exports? We are -- how are we -- what are the feedback currently that 
we are getting from them? 
Sachit Jain: 
Mixed feedback. So some customers feel that business is going on and some customers are in a 
very strong position. So they are able to -- their customers are going to pay the differentials. But 
those are discussions we don't go into too much detail with our customers about how their 
business is faring because please understand, if they start saying, oh, we are under a lot of tariff 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
pressure, etcetera, so please reduce prices. Please understand why we don't want get into those 
discussions. 
Saket: 
Correct. And lastly, sir, on the EBITDA per ton guideline, I think so last year, you alluded to the 
INR7,000 to INR8,000, correct me there also, and that will be moving up to INR8,000 to 
INR10,000. So for this financial year, what should be the EBITDA per ton ballpark number 
which we should be fencing in? 
Sachit Jain: 
So as I said, INR7,000 to INR10,000 has been a range that we've been speaking for some time, 
and we are within that range. And we also said that the rate should move up to INR8,000 to 
INR11,000. The factors that would have led to the range going up have partly because of the 
pricing pressure that came in has delayed it by 1 year. 
 
Plus, as I said, the solar plant was one factor, which has led to the margins going up, as well as 
the new reheating furnace. So I would say this year we'll remain in this range of INR7,000 to 
INR10,000. It's next year that we hope -- we will hope to raise the range from INR8,000 to 
INR11,000. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanaya Jain, an Individual Investor. 
Sanaya Jain: 
Just a few questions. Like what is the revenue breakup of rolling mills and bright bars? And also, 
like what is the margin difference in both type of products? 
Sachit Jain: 
We don't share the revenue breakup in terms of sales, but roughly 75% is black bar. So all process 
goes through the rolling mill. Bright bar is a further value addition to the black bar. So our bright 
bar capacity is about 50,000 tons a year. So roughly 25% is bright bar and 75% is sold as black 
bar roughly. 
 
But it changes because those are all dependent on specific customers, which customers because 
some customers buy primarily bright bar or largely bright bar. If their business gets affected 
slightly, then the bright bar, the swings are bigger in bright bar business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket: 
Yes, sir. Firstly, sir, for the Aichi strategy for us, as you mentioned that going ahead they would 
be more inclined to keep the stake at 25% even when we further -- if and when the other 
fundraising exercise happened through the equity route. So what is so sacrosanct of this 25% 
number from the Aichi or what... 
Sachit Jain: 
That's a question you need to ask Aichi. I can't answer on their behalf. 
Saket: 
Okay. Since you have laid down the commitment from their side, I thought they have given the 
feedback also. 
Sachit Jain: 
No, no. So very clearly, they intend to have a higher stake than even this in the future because, 
for them, India is a strategic market and a very important market for the future because for Indian 
market itself and as an export hub to export to Europe in the future, Africa in the future and be 
a support to Japan because as Japanese population ages over time, over the next 20 -- see, they 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
think 40, 50 years as Japan's population shrinks, as it ages, demand in Japan will go down. Their 
ability to keep producing steel competitively in Japan may go down. All those things are much 
longer term placed to happen. 
 
So to derisk Toyota's business, please understand this is Toyota's strategy, it is imperative to 
have a very strong second plant out here. Now if it is important for Toyota's strategic plan, then 
Aichi logically, as a world leader, would like to have a clearly larger stake in this business. 
 
So first, they started with 11.3%, which was a bare minimum just to test the waters. After they 
have tested us as a partner, tested India as a market and seen that the partnership is going well, 
the next stage is to go up to the maximum possible before triggering an open offer. And therefore, 
25% is that limit, so 24.9% is where they are and they will stick at that level. 
 
And at the right time when they think there's the right time for them, I believe that at some stage, 
they will -- that some stage could be 5 years from now, it could be 10 years from now, I don't 
know, but they will, at some stage, increase their stake. And Vardhman Group has already 
indicated, if they want to increase their stake, then we will support. 
 
So that is an easy friendship that we have with them and partnership with them that we are as if 
it's Aichi India and they are as if they are Vardhman Japan. 
Saket: 
Correct, sir. Sir, when we look at your presentation, wherein we have this strategic alliance with 
them, as of now, sir, we are -- correct me here, as of now, are we in the only product development 
phase? Or what percentage of our sales are directed -- are directly towards the Toyota base 
through this collaboration with Aichi? 
Sachit Jain: 
Toyota still remains a smaller customer. But please understand, Maruti is a far more important 
customer as far as Aichi is concerned. And there are other Japanese customers. So for example, 
there's Yamaha, there is Kubota, there is Isuzu. So there are other Japanese customers also, 
which are on the target of Aichi. 
 
And they have far more specialized products. They have some patented products also, which all 
those products will step by step as our manufacturing capabilities increase, all those products 
will eventually come into India through us. It's a step-by-step process. 
 
Please understand, Japanese don't work very fast. They are cautious, stable and they look at 
consolidation at each stage before going to the next level. 
Saket: 
Right. And one question for our CFO, sir. The tax expense shown here is around INR6 crores 
20 lakh. If feasible for you, can you share the advanced tax number for the June quarter, how 
much cash we have paid as advanced tax? 
Sanjeev Singla: 
I think we do not share these advanced tax figures, but you can calculate at your end, we fall 
within the bracket of that 25% corporate tax. 
Saket: 
Okay. But that is paid on what we are anticipating for the entire year, 15% of that. That was my 
reason for asking this question. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Sanjeev Singla: 
Yes, yes. Exactly, as per the calculation. 
Sachit Jain: 
As per the estimates for this year, yes. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Sachit Jain: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your patience, and I can see very clearly a lot of 
questions on forging. Apologies that we don't have enough information at this point in time. But 
as soon as we have information and within the next 6 months, we'll have far more information 
after the talks are concluded with our partners. 
 
And then we'll be happy to share all that information with you. But we are excited that your 
excitement on the forging line gives us confidence that strategically we're on the right track. 
Thank you so much, and we look forward to seeing you in the next call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Capital Services Ltd., that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
