Indian Energy Exchange Ltd
Registered Office: C/o Avanta Business Centre, First Floor, Unit No. 1.14(a), D2, Southern Park, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi–110017, India
Corporate Office: 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh–201301 , India
Tel: +91-011-3044 6511 | Tel: +91-120-4648 100 | Fax No.: +91-120-4648 115
CIN: L74999DL2007PLC277039 | Website: www.iexindia.com
Dated: August 01, 2025
The Manager
The Manager
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Corporate Relationship Department
Listing Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1
Dalal Street
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai- 400001
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051
Scrip Code: 540750
Symbol: IEX
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call with analysts and investors held on
July 25, 2025.
Dear Sir / Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the earnings conference call held
with analysts and investors on July 25, 2025, to discuss the financial results of the
Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company:
www.iexindia.com
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Thanking You.
Yours faithfully,
For Indian Energy Exchange Limited
Vineet Harlalka
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. ACS-16264
Encl: as above
VINEET 
HARLALKA
Digitally signed by 
VINEET HARLALKA 
Date: 2025.08.01 
13:21:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
Q1 FY’26 Earning Conference Call” 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATYANARAYAN GOEL – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR –INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE 
LIMITED 
MR. VINEET HARLALKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER-
-INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT BAJAJ – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR –
INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MR. AMIT KUMAR – HEAD OF OPERATIONS NEW 
PRODUCT INITIATIVES AND EXCHANGE TECHNOLOGY 
–INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MS. APARNA GARG – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
AND CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS –INDIAN ENERGY 
EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MR. ADITYA WALI–INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ROHAN GHEEWALA – AXIS CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Indian Energy Exchange Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand over the conference over to Mr. Rohan Gheewala. 
Rohan Gheewala: 
Thank you, Pari. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Axis Capital, I'm pleased 
to welcome you all for the IEX Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us the management team of IEX, which is represented by; Mr. Rohit Bajaj, Joint 
Managing Director; Mr. S.N. Goel, the Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Vineet Harlalka, 
Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Amit Kumar, Head of Operations, New Product Initiatives and 
Exchange Technology; and Ms. Aparna Garg, Head, Investor Relations and Corporate 
Communications.  
We will begin with the opening remarks from Mr. Rohit Bajaj, followed by an interactive Q&A 
session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Good evening, friends. I welcome you all to the IEX earnings call for Q1 FY '26. With me today 
on this call are Mr. Satyanarayan Goel, CMD, IEX; Mr. Vineet Harlalka, CFO and Company 
Secretary; Mr. Amit Kumar, Head of Market Operations and Exchange Technology; Ms. Aparna 
Garg, Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications; and Mr. Aditya Wali. 
Friends, the Indian economy continues to stand out as the world's fastest-growing major 
economy, registering a robust growth rate of 6.5% in FY '25. Notably, India recently became the 
fourth largest global economy surpassing Japan. This remarkable trajectory has been 
underpinned by resilient domestic demand, strong investment activity and a steady expansion of 
both industrial, as well as service sectors. 
Despite global uncertainties from ongoing policy changes and geopolitical tensions, India 
remains a source of stability and opportunity in the international landscape. High frequency 
indicators as reported by Reserve Bank of India, revealed sustained momentum in both 
manufacturing and service sectors. 
Looking ahead, the Indian metrological department has maintained its forecast of an above-
normal monsoon for the June to September 2025 period with rainfall expected at 106% of the 
long period average. This bodes well for the agriculture sector, potentially boosting rural income 
and supporting broader consumption trends. 
 
In addition, the RBI has maintained its real GDP forecast at 6.5% for FY '26. Overall, India's 
macroeconomic outlook remains bright, supported by a balanced approach to growth, financial 
stability and inclusive development.  

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
On the power sector front, India's peak summer power demand in 2025 reached 242 gigawatts 
in June 2025. This peak demand was met without any power shortages, thanks to the proactive 
government measures. These included extending Section 11 of the Electricity Act mandating 
imported coal-based plants to run at full capacity till June end, activating gas-based power plants 
and ensuring sufficient domestic coal supply. 
 
Weather played a key role this quarter. Despite forecast of an intense summer leading to a peak 
demand expectation of 277 gigawatt, early monsoon and widespread unseasonal rain kept 
temperatures low, resulting in lower-than-expected power demand. India's power consumption 
of 446 billion units in Q1 FY '26 was lower by 1.3% as compared with Q1 FY '25. 
On the fuel side, ample fuel has been available at competitive prices. India's coal production 
reached 247 million tonnes in the first quarter of FY '26, similar to production during the same 
period last fiscal. Coal inventory as of mid-July 2025 stood at a high of 25 days. 
 
For the quarter, imported coal price for 4,200 GAR coal remained steady at around USD 50 per 
tonne, lower by 9% as compared with the same period last quarter. Prices of imported gas have 
also remained stable at nearly $11 per MMBtu in the first quarter of this fiscal. Overall, the fuel 
situation for the sector has remained comfortable in Q1 FY '26. 
Friends, while there was lower-than-expected power demand in Q1 FY '26, CEA expects power 
demand in the country to grow at a rate of 6% per annum till 2032. Based on this, MOP has been 
regularly monitoring the road map of thermal capacity addition of 80 gigawatts by 2032. The 
MOP has also been lending policy support to energy storage solutions such as pump storage and 
battery storage to meet peak demand and also enable renewable power integration with the grid. 
 
To support battery energy storage solution, BESS, the Ministry of Power has finalized 2 tranches 
of viability gap funding mechanism. Under the first tranche, 13,200 megawatt hour of BESS 
projects are currently being implemented across the country and about 9,750 megawatt hour of 
BESS projects have been awarded and another 5,000 MWH are in the pipeline. 
 
More recently, under the second tranche of VGF, approval has been granted for further 30,000 
megawatt hour of BESS projects to be implemented. As per the CEA, BESS-based storage of 
47 gigawatt shall be required by FY '32. The increased activity in BESS tenders has been driven 
by a reduction in battery capex cost and declining storage cost. As recently as June 2025, NVVN 
and NHPC both discovered INR 2.16 lakh per megawatt per month and INR 2.08 lakh per 
megawatt per month for 500-megawatt 2-hour cycle tenders under the VGF mechanism, 
respectively. 
 
As we have mentioned earlier as well, BESS would be able to store surplus power during 
daytime to deliver electricity during hours of peak demand while leveraging power exchanges. 
This would increase liquidity and potentially increase volume on exchanges during daytime as 
well as during evening hours. 
 
Let us now talk about a few important regulatory updates and policy initiatives that continue to 
be conducive for power market development. The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs 
revised the Shakti Policy for coal allocation to thermal power plants. The existing policy 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
replaced the earlier policy and has attempted to make it more flexible and transparent for the 
power sector. 
 
In the new policy, fresh coal allocation is now available under 2 windows, one for Central and 
State GENCOs at notified price and another for all GENCOs at a premium above notified price. 
The policy paves the way for coal linkages to generators even without PPAs, generating 
unrequisitioned surplus (URS) power, which can then be sold in power markets. The revised 
policy would ensure continued availability of adequate fuel supply for thermal generators and 
help maintain liquidity on exchanges for competitive price discovery. 
 
In FY '25, in a draft order, CERC proposed various changes in the design of the Term Ahead 
Market across exchanges to help improve liquidity and transparency in this segment. In its order 
in April 2025, the CERC streamlined time-lines for completion of various stages of any day 
single side (ADSS) contracts across exchanges. Other proposals include notifying predefined 
time slots for trade under TAM contracts. Public consultation for these predefined slots have 
been conducted and a petition has been filed before the CERC for approval of the same. In its 
order, the regulator also proposed modification in the price discovery mechanism of the day 
ahead contingency segment from the current continuous matching to uniform price step auction 
through draft amendments in the Power Market Regulation 2021. These amendments are open 
to stakeholder comments till July 2025. 
 
In May 2025, CERC issued draft guidelines for Virtual Power Purchase Agreements, VPPAs. 
These guidelines recognize power exchanges as authorized platform for sale of electricity by RE 
generators under VPP arrangements. Renewable generators entering VPPAs may sell the 
electricity component in the collective segment on power exchanges. This would help increase 
volume on exchange. 
Recently, the CERC issued draft amendments to Deviation Settlement Mechanism regulations 
with regards to infirm power charges for thermal stations. Earlier thermal generators could not 
recover payment before the trial run, but with the draft amendments, they are assured of payment 
of a ceiling price. With these amendments, RE infirm power can also come to market before its 
commercial operation date. These amendments by CERC are designed to refine DSM, ensuring 
a clear framework for managing inform power injections and promoting stable grid operations 
under varying frequency conditions. 
 
Further to the approval in February 2025 of SEBI and CERC to introduce electricity derivatives 
in India, the much-awaited electricity future contracts began trading on MCX and NSE 
respectively, earlier in July 2025. The launch of electricity derivatives is expected to benefit spot 
market participants allowing them to hedge against any volatility in the market. With the 
availability of hedging instruments, the spot market will also benefit through higher participation 
and volume spillover. 
 
CERC recently issued an order on implementing market coupling. Order was issued 
on 23rd July, in which the regulator has decided to initiate process of implementation of market 
coupling in Day Ahead Market. This is to be done by January 2026 as per the order. In the same 
order, it is mentioned that coupling of the real-time market will be considered at a later stage. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
The order also talks about running a shadow pilot for coupling of the Term Ahead Market and 
stakeholder consultation for RTM and SCED coupling. Further in the order, CERC directed its 
staff to initiate consultation with Grid India and all exchanges on operational and procedural 
aspect of the Day Ahead Market coupling, including identifying and proposing amendments 
required in the various regulations. 
 
During Q1 FY '26, IEX recorded electricity trading volume of 32.4 billion units, a growth of 
15% on Y-o-Y basis. Revenue for the company grew by 19.2% Y-o-Y, increasing from INR 
154.5 crores in Q1 FY '25 to INR 184.2 crores in Q1 FY '26. PAT increased by 25.2%, rising 
from INR 96.4 crores in Q1 FY '25 to INR 120.7 crores in Q1 FY '26. The robust performance 
in Q1 FY '26 was led by a substantial sell availability due to weather conditions and also 
measures undertaken by the government and the regulators. 
 
In Q1, nearly 53 lakh Renewable Energy Certificates were traded, recording a growth of nearly 
150% over the same quarter last fiscal. Due to efforts of the Bureau of Energy Efficiency, 
compliance by designated consumers to meet their RPO targets has increased.  
The RTM segment continued to demonstrate strong growth. For Q1 FY '26, RTM volumes at 
nearly 13 billion units were higher by 41% on a year-on-year basis, highlighting the segment's 
critical role in helping DISCOM and open access consumers efficiently manage their short-term 
requirements. RTM’s ability to offer flexibility and immediate responsiveness underlines the 
opportunity to efficiently integrate renewables with the grid.  
Green market volume in Q1 FY '26 rose 51% Y-o-Y to 2.7 billion units compared with Q1 FY 
'25. This segment advances integration of clean sources such as solar and wind into the grid and 
helps obligated entities, including DISCOMs, meet their renewable purchase obligations. 
With an increase in hydro, wind and sustained supply from coal-based generation, supply 
liquidity on power exchanges improved and drove prices down. In Q1 FY '26, supply liquidity 
in the Day Ahead Market of IEX increased 45.2% on Y-o-Y basis. As a result, the average Day 
Ahead Market price was INR 4.41 per unit, down 16% Y-o-Y, while price in the Real Mime 
market averaged at INR 3.91 per unit, a 20% drop. On May 25, heavy rains pushed RTM prices 
down to INR 1.53 per unit on average basis with near zero prices during several time blocks.  
In terms of new products, we continue to await approval from the CERC on our petition to 
extend the Term Ahead Market contract from 3 months to 11 months. 
As mentioned previously, hearing for our petition on the Green RTM segment with the CERC 
has already been completed and public comments on the petition have also been closed. We 
await the final order on the matter. Green RTM would provide an opportunity to reduce deviation 
exposures due to weather events by providing an avenue to trade green power 1 hour in advance. 
Our associate company, IGX traded record gas volumes of 24.6 million MMBtu in Q1 FY '26, 
a growth of 109% over Q1 FY '25, led by demand push from the oil marketing companies, 
refineries and city gas distribution companies. The quarter also witnessed  the first trade in the 
3 to 6-month long duration contract, underscoring market confidence in long-term gas trading 
on IGX. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
In Q1 FY '26, IGX recorded a profit after tax of INR 14.1 crores, which was higher by nearly 
86.7% compared with INR 7.6 crores in Q1 FY '25. As gas prices continue their downtrend and 
policy initiatives continue to remain positive in the sector, volume at IGX would continue to be 
robust. 
 
Friends, as per CEA estimates, India was to experience hotter than usual temperature from April 
to June this year. However, the advent of early monsoons meant lower peak demand than 
forecasted. Nonetheless, with CEA forecast of peak demand at 366 gigawatts by 2032, and 
power consumption to reach nearly 2,500 BUs, demand growth will continue to drive exchange 
volume growth. In addition, policy measures undertaken by the government and the regulators 
to ease supply side liquidity is expected to further rationalize power prices on exchange. 
Our diversification initiatives are also gradually gathering momentum. For the first quarter of 
FY '26, the International Carbon Exchange ICX, issued over 44 lakh I-RECs compared with 59 
lakh I-RECs issued in the previous financial year. 
Revenue for ICX in Q1 FY '26 stood at INR 178.8 lakhs. The I-REC is a globally recognized 
digital certificate that serves as a transferable proof of generation of 1 megawatt hour of energy 
from renewable sources. Through ICX, we have also filed an Expression of Interest with the 
Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) for developing the Extended Producer Responsibility 
(EPR) trading platform and are awaiting final results of the EOI. 
 
On formation of Coal Exchange, stakeholder comments have been closed, and we await further 
directives with regards to the legislative changes to the Mine and Mineral Development 
Regulation Act. The MMDRA Amendment Bill 2025 is scheduled to be tabled for discussion in 
the monsoon session of the Parliament. 
The power sector is undergoing changes with the development of new market models in the form 
of battery storage arbitrage, firm and dispatchable renewable energy, virtual power purchase 
agreements and the introduction of electricity derivatives. These market models and instruments 
are slated to be the future drivers to deepen India's power market and eventually ensure a 
successful energy transition.  As India marches towards achieving its net zero targets, there is 
bound to be a much larger role of power exchanges in the country's energy landscape. Thank 
you. And now we can have question and answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Bharani Vijay from Avendus Spark. 
Bharani Vijay: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on market coupling. Could you 
refresh us regarding the advantages that IEX has over its competitors, which helped it to have a 
near 100% market share in the DAM and RTM segments? And also, why the competitors were 
not able to replicate this? And if they would be able to gain market share now after market 
coupling implementation? This is my first question. 
SN Goel: 
Yes. IEX has maintained a leadership position in the Day Ahead and RTM market over the years. 
In the DAM market, in fact, from the last 17 years, we have the leadership position. If you see 
initially, the other exchange also had some reasonable market share of 20%, 25%. But over the 
years, they even lost that. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
And we today have more than 95% of market share. And this has happened because of many 
factors. There is not one reason, there are many factors. One is we have a very, very robust 
technology platform. We have introduced new products ahead of our competitors. We have done 
a lot of activities with the customers. We regularly interact with the customers, understand their 
problems, tell them how they can use the exchange to purchase cheaper power and optimize 
their power procurement cost. 
We interact with the State regulatory commission. In fact, we are in the advisory board of more 
than 12 State regulatory commissions. We advise them how exchange and  power market can be 
used for the benefit of distribution companies. We provide a lot of data analytics to our 
customers. And we have a web-based technology platform. Our IT infrastructure is very robust. 
In spite of so many cybersecurity attacks, so far on IEX platform, there has not been a single 
penetration. And it's a sum together of all these activities because of which we have been able 
to have a significantly large market share in the exchange -- in the Day Ahead Market and the 
RTM market. 
Going forward, even after coupling, I'm sure we will continue to do all these activities and maybe 
even more to ensure that the customers stick to us and the customer loyalty is maintained. So, 
I'm very sure that we will be able to maintain definitely a larger market share even after coupling. 
Bharani Vijay: 
Okay, sir. My second question is on the trader members who trade on behalf of their clients and 
submit bids to IEX. Like one significant trader member is PTC India. So, I wanted to know what 
percentage of volumes overall for IEX and specifically in DAM market that PTC India as a 
trader member contribute because being investor in one of our competitors, post market 
coupling, I just wanted to see if they can shift this to that competitor. So, I just wanted to know 
how much of it will be impacted. 
SN Goel: 
As per the power market regulations, , if a trader member is holding more than 5% equity, then 
he cannot trade in that exchange. Since PTC is holding 25% equity in the competing exchange 
and also on the Board of that exchange, they cannot trade on that exchange. However, their 
percentage share is almost about 10-12% on IEX platform. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Your clarifications on the technology edge that IEX has and your 
other advantages versus competing exchanges are well received. But do you see competition 
using transaction fee as a tool to take market share in Day Ahead Market post market coupling? 
SN Goel: 
We will deal with that when we reach there. Why to worry about that right now. I don't think 
customers really will value that part of it because transaction fees is a very, very small 
component of the total power procurement cost. But if that is the case, then we will deal with 
that also. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. Because if they are not able to overcome your barrier of having a tech advantage and they 
cut price by 5% or 10%, you would have to follow suit in order to retain market share. Is that 
the right understanding? 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
SN Goel: 
I told you. I mean we will deal with the situation when we reach there. So if we have to do that, 
we will do that. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sir, would Day Ahead Market also include GDAM? 
SN Goel: 
Well, today, it is DAM only, Day Ahead Market only. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. So Green Day Ahead Market would not be part of the overall Day Ahead Market that 
would be impacted. 
SN Goel: 
That is ambiguity in the order. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Yes, it's not mentioned there. 
SN Goel: 
Yes, it's not mentioned. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And based on the current status of technological progress that Grid India might have made, do 
you foresee Jan '26 timeline as being implementable? And where or when do you see RTM also 
forming part or progress on RTM to come under ambit of market coupling, if at all? 
SN Goel: 
First of all, as far as the implementation of market coupling in the DAM segment is concerned, 
there are a lot of things to be done. And one of the things is basically you need a common 
software for all 3 exchanges, the IT infrastructure for all 3 exchanges to be compatible. You 
need clearing and settlement mechanism. We have to work out that part of it. And in fact, also 
at the commission’s end, they have to formulate regulations for the implementation of market 
coupling. So all these things will need time. So, let's see. I will not like to comment on this 
whether January '26 is feasible or not. But, based on the activities involved, I feel that it may 
take longer time. That is about the Day Ahead Market. 
 
As far as RTM market is concerned, I'm reading out from the order. “Given the shorter time for 
bid submission and running the market clearing engine, the decision to implement the coupling 
of RTM of power exchanges shall be considered at a later stage.”  
So, there is no decision. The decision will be considered at a later stage after gaining operational 
experience from the coupling of DAM. So, in this order, they have not taken any decision about 
the RTM. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. And finally, any comment from your side? Are we any closer to MBED now that market 
coupling has been put in place for Day Ahead Market? 
SN Goel: 
Well, I think that is something which the regulator will have to decide about. That is a much 
bigger issue. So, let's hope that happens. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Jain from FQ. 
Vikas Jain: 
Good Afternoon Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So my question is regarding the recent order 
by CERC for the market coupling. Is there any mention of MBED in the order that has been 
recently received? Any comments or any insights on that part of the market coupling? 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
SN Goel: 
There is no mention about MBED in the order. 
Vikas Jain: 
So is it likely that, that would follow up from CERC or there is no hope that MBED will be 
implemented. So, what is the management view from IEX on this one? 
SN Goel: 
I can't say about that. That is for the regulatory commission to take up that issue. I wish that 
happened. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Tanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Kunal Tanvi: 
My questions were related to market coupling. I had a few questions around that. One, if you 
can explain us how the regulation that has come up  is going to play out. Our understanding was 
that all the bids would be given to one exchange in a particular time and the prices would be 
discovered there. So, the price discovery that used to happen on IEX will now happen across the 
3 exchanges, right? Because of that, is there any possibility of change in the pricing regulations 
by the regulator itself? If you can throw some light. 
SN Goel: 
All this will be a part of the various operational and procedural aspect, which needs to be decided 
by the Commission. There are a lot of things like this, which needs to be decided. 
Kunal Tanvi: 
Sure. So at this point in time, the only clarity is that market coupling is being implemented and 
all for the DAM market. That is the only clarity we have, right? 
SN Goel: 
Yes. You're right. 
Kunal Tanvi: 
Sure. The second question was when market coupling was first talked about like 4, 5 years back 
when the first draft had come, the idea was that market coupling would be a good tool for 
expanding the market and long term and PPAs would also come through. Any thoughts that you 
would want to share like if in the form and shape that the current regulation talks about was to 
get implemented, what are the benefits to the customers' ecosystem that would come through? 
SN Goel: 
What you're asking is basically MBED and as far as MBED is concerned, there is no mention of 
that bit in this order, and we are not sure when this will be taken up by the Commission. 
Kunal Tanvi: 
And like if this form, the current form gets implemented, what are the benefits to the ecosystem? 
SN Goel: 
Well, we don't see any benefit, but then it is a regulatory decision. 
Kunal Tanvi: 
So, is there a possibility that because there could be a confusion among the ecosystem because 
of 3 exchanges? 
SN Goel: 
Confusion in what respect? 
Kunal Tanvi: 
For example, we have 95% market share, right? So, if our customers were to trade on the 
exchange, they will continue to come on IEX and then the orders get pulled to some other 
exchange. Your customers will continue to be yours? 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
SN Goel: 
I wish that. And I'm sure the kind of efforts we are making, we would like to maintain that. We'd 
like to ensure that. The customers remain with us. 
Kunal Tanvi: 
Okay. From a client perspective, you talked about there are numerous things that play a role in 
terms of value addition that you provide to the customer, including, technology and the support 
and the long-term relationship. How do you think the price plays a role? Like price discovery, 
how important is the role price discovery plays when customers come to buy a power on the 
exchange? 
The reason I ask this question is if you see historically, the demand on the exchange, the volumes 
on the exchange have been a function of change in the price. So, times when price is lower, you 
see higher volume. So definitely, the price discount that the exchange plays some role in terms 
of more and more people coming on the exchange. So, if you want to share some insights on 
that, it would be very helpful. 
SN Goel: 
See, price discovery is the key function of exchange. And one of the USP of IEX has been that 
in the last 17 years, there has been no questions raised on the price discovery of IEX. We display 
all market data on our website. We display the price discovery curves, and no issue has been 
raised by anybody till so far because that shows the robustness of technology platform and our 
price discovery process. Let's see what happens after the coupling. I would not like to comment 
anything on that at this stage. 
Kunal Tanvi: 
Sure. And one last question, apart from IEX since we have a very long history of operation, one 
competitor has a reasonable history of competition of operations. The last one is very new. Will 
the other exchanges be able to handle this kind of volumes if it could get divided among 3 
exchanges? Any comment you would like to? 
SN Goel: 
I'm sure about one thing that before implementing the coupling, regulatory is definitely going to 
do the mock drill to check about the capability of the different exchanges, the IT infrastructure 
available and the capability of the exchange and then also do the mock trial with the big data 
post-trade basis. And that it will be seen And what other efficiencies in the system and how to 
take care of that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prateek Jain from ICICI Prudential AMC Limited. 
Prateek Jain: 
Yes. So Sir, my question is regarding other income. So, it was INR120 crores in FY '25. And 
this quarter, it's INR42 crores, up 37% Y-on-Y. So why is this large increase? And can you 
broadly explain the source of this income? What part of it comes from the interest on margin 
money and what part comes from the investments that belong to IEX? 
Vineet Harlalka:  
The increase is mainly because of one target maturity fund investments we had in our books, 
whereby because of the rate cut by the RBI during the first week of June, we got a decent mark-
to-market gain, so we capitalized on that gain. We redeemed the funds and recognized that gain. 
That was the one reason. 
And second, we had some investment in the NIFTY 50 index fund. So, a good amount of mark-
to-market gain was during this quarter because of the market made a good recovery from 22,000 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
to almost 25,000. So these 2 factors were the main reason where we had a decent treasury 
performance during this quarter. 
Prateek Jain: 
Okay. And sir, regarding that, let's say, about FY '25, so if we have to look at the breakup 
regarding our own investments versus the interest income and from margin money, so what sort 
of proportion would that be? 
Vineet Harlalka:   
It will be 2/3 will be from the own fund and around 2/3 to 3/4, about 75% will be from the own 
fund, around 25% from the float and other income. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Capital. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Good Afternoon Sir, and thank you for the opportunity. Firstly, sir, to start with, I just wanted 
to know your thoughts. Can this order be overturned by CERC? Is there any recourse that we 
have? 
SN Goel: 
If CERC decides to do that, they can do it definitely. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
No, no. In terms of any legal opinions that you would have sought over the last 2 days, which 
gives some comfort that there is a case to challenge this? 
SN Goel: 
We are evaluating this order. We haven't made any view on this at the moment. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, sir. So sir, in case assuming this goes through, one of the moats that we talked about was 
the technology. So, when we talk about technology, is it the price discovery part is what we 
highlight? Or is it the integration that we would have done over the years with the buyers and 
the sellers that is like a moat for us? 
SN Goel: 
It is, I think, a combination of everything. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
The reason I asked because you mentioned that there is a common software that will be 
developed to do this market coupling. So, in terms of price discovery will be taken care by this 
common software? 
SN Goel: 
Yes, yes. You are right. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
So then what we are left with is the integration part. 
SN Goel: 
We have done so many things. Out of that, one thing has been taken out. So, rest of the USP still 
remains. Rest of the activities, which we have done, they still remain with us, and I'm sure we 
will be able to get benefit of that. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
And sir, is this something that will be very difficult for the competition to replicate in terms of -
- or they can do that over time, say, probably 2, 3 quarters or 4 quarters, they'll be able to invest 
and replicate this or whatever technological advantage. 
SN Goel: 
They had 17 years to replicate this. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Although it's much difficult than that. Right. And sir, finally, one last one. If we were to assume 
that with market coupling, if we have to sustain a market share of, say, more than 40%, 50% 
then what would be those key advantages that we would have to sustain that higher market share 
compared to the competition? 
SN Goel: 
Devesh, we are working on all these strategies, and we'll let you know in due course of time. I 
can assure you one thing that we are not working on retaining 40%, 50% market share. We are 
working to retain the present market share. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Sir, first question is in the order the savings mentioned is 52 million units. Is it possible that the 
savings could have been derived by coupling only the number 2 and number 3 exchange because 
savings is nothing but inefficiency that is present in the system, which seem to have been 
efficient by combining all the three exchanges? 
SN Goel: 
Increase of 52 million units is not a saving. It is an overall volume cleared increase of 52 million 
units in a trade of 24 billion units 24,000 million units, there is an increase of 52 million units, 
which is insignificant. I don't think those numbers can be a reason for doing the market coupling. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Absolutely correct. Sir, my second question is the order talks about amendments and operational 
procedures to be implemented. In any scenario in any of these amendments, will there be a State 
involvement where involvement from states will be required from the 28 States? 
SN Goel: 
Question is not clear. Can you repeat, please? 
Lokesh Manik: 
Will they have some form of approval from their end also will be required for these amendments 
to take place? The order talks about some amendments in the Act. 
SN Goel: 
All these approvals will have to be done by the Commission only. There is going to be a new 
regulation for the market coupling. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Right. So will the State commissions be involved in this? 
SN Goel: 
No, State commissions have no role to play in this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good Afternoon Sir. My first question, Sir, have you heard anything on the Coal Exchange(s) 
and EPR trading? 
SN Goal: 
Coal exchange, we haven't heard anything about it, but I was reading in the newspaper that 
MMDR Act is going to the Parliament for some amendment. And I don't know whether that 
Coal Controller of India will act as the coal regulator for the purpose of coal exchange, whether 
it is there in that (MMDR Act amendment) or not. We have not been able to find out that. But if 
that is there, then that is definitely one positive step in the right direction for Coal exchange. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And anything on the EPR side, sir? 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
SN Goel: 
Yes. On EPR side, I think CPCB is yet to take a decision on that. We are awaiting the response. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. My second question is, what explains the sharp increase in the gas volume in 
the quarter and the sustainability of this number in the coming quarters? 
SN Goel: 
Yes, Gas Exchange increase with respect to last year, Yes, there is a significant increase. But 
then the numbers are still small in comparison to our expectations. So, I'm sure in the coming 
quarters, you will see a much better number. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And how do you see this... 
SN Goel: 
The domestic selling price gas by Reliance was sold for 3-month period in 1 lot, and that also 
led to significant increase in the volume. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And how significant is the recent PNGRB regulation, which allows only 2 tariff zone compared 
to, I think, earlier the higher 3 or 4 tariff zone, if I'm right? What’s your take on that? 
SN Goel: 
Definitely, these regulations are conducive for gas market development. Initially, there used to 
be 4 zones, then it became 3, now it is 2. And in fact, like in the power sector, we have injection 
and draw charges, so in the gas sector also invariably, it is only entry and exit tariff. So, we are 
going towards that slowly. That's a good thing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishabh Shah from BulgeRock PMS. 
Rishabh Shah: 
Sir, I have one question. The other kind of system of the other competitors. So both systems. 
SN Goel: 
Slightly louder, please. 
Rishabh Shah: 
Sir the competitor’s systems and our system won't be the same. So, if a user is comfortable with 
the platform, what incentive would he have to shift to a new platform? 
SN Goel: 
Your question is not clear. I think what you are talking about is that if the competitor's platform 
is not similar to ours, what benefit we have in shifting there? 
Rishabh Shah: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
SN Goel: 
See, regulator will have to decide about the common platform, the common software and also 
the IT infrastructure across all 3 exchanges compatible to the requirement of the system. So, 
these kind of things can be done only after that. 
Rishabh Shah: 
Okay. So, can we assume that if these things are not compatible, then this coupling might get 
removed again, if the systems of the competitors are not compatible? 
SN Goel: 
I mean these are some of the requirements for implementing market coupling. And I'm sure 
regulator will implement market coupling after fulfilling all these requirements. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ketan Jain from Avendus Spark. 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Ketan Jain: 
Sir, my first question is just on the competition. What steps apart from reduction in transaction 
fee can the competition do to attract customers? Is it something like reducing subscription fee or 
margin requirement? And what stops them to invest in better technology and people. So, some 
flavour on this? 
Management: 
Number one, the present order is for coupling of DAM market. DAM market constitutes only 
about 35%, 40% of our total volume. So, we still have almost about 60%, 65% volume coming 
from the other products. So, we will continue to maintain that technology platform and continue 
to do upgradation of that. 
And even in case of DAM market also, except for the price discovery, there are other part of the 
technology platform, technology services, customer services, market development activities, 
which we will continue to do. And I'm sure that all will basically ensure that we retain the 
leadership position. 
Ketan Jain: 
Understood, sir. And sir, so I just wanted to understand one more thing. As a customer, if I'm a 
customer and if I want to move my accounts from IEX to some other competition, so will I have 
to shut down my account? Will the company have to pay the margin money back to them? 
SN Goel: 
Margin money is the customers' money. They can take it back any time. When they are doing 
trade here, they will have to ensure that margin money is available. 
Ketan Jain: 
Understood. –So, just an understanding question. Say, if I'm a customer and only if the DAM is 
coupled and RTM is not coupled. So, for me, it will become an inconvenience for me to go to 
some other exchange just for the DAM. But for RTM, the liquidity will be with IEX will continue 
to be with. Is that a fair assumption? 
SN Goel: 
I think you can yourself analyse the situation and take a call on that. RTM, you are participating 
on the IEX platform on round-the-clock basis, keeping margin for that. And then we are 
separately participating in other exchange trying to bring additional margin there, you have to 
take a call on that. 
Ketan Jain: 
Understood, sir. Yes, this is a fair point. Who will be doing the settlement and clearing process? 
SN Goel: 
Respective exchanges. 
Ketan Jain: 
Respective exchanges, whenever is their turn of round-robin? 
SN Goel: 
No,. for the bids received by them, whatever bids are settled, clear for those bids, respective 
exchanges will do the financial settlement. 
Ketan Jain: 
Even in the coupling, even for the DAM segment? 
SN Goel: 
Yes, yes. 
Ketan Jain: 
Understood. Okay. And as you said, so there should be a new common platform, which needs 
to be developed, right, and installed across all the exchanges for coupling?  

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
SN Goel: 
Yes, that is my understanding.  
Ketan Jain:  
And who will be developing this? Regulator will nominate someone?  
SN Goel: 
These are all details to be worked out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Subhadip Mitra from Nuvama. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Just one point of clarity. I think this is a point that you've already talked about before. So, when 
we are looking at market coupling in each of the exchanges getting the opportunity to be the 
market coupler for price determination on a round-robin basis. So, on a particular day, if, let's 
say, exchange A is doing the price determination, it doesn't mean that the volumes have to also 
automatically flow through that exchange, right? It can flow through any of the other exchanges 
depending on where the bids are coming. Is that the right understanding? 
SN Goel: 
Yes. Volumes will be flowing through the exchanges from which the bid has come. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Secondly, a broader question on MBED versus SCED. My understanding was that with SCED 
already in a pilot phase and some thoughts of extending these beyond Central government plans 
to even State-owned GENCOs, do you see MBED really having an impact since you already 
have an alternate mechanism to SCED? Or do you think there is space for both? 
SN Goel: 
Yes. SCED is basically a subset of MBED. If MBED is not being implemented, maybe to some 
extent, SCED is serving the purpose. That is an optimization between the Central generating 
stations. MBED was for Central generating stations, State generating stations, IPPs, everybody 
taken together. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Correct. So, if SCED, I mean, hypothetically, if we assume that SCED gets extended to Central 
plus State generating stations and that is anyway running on the Grid India platform, then 
MBED, even if it comes, may not have much of an impact. 
SN Goel: 
No. See, SCED is basically operated between the Central generating stations only. In the same 
SCED, if you bring the State generating stations also and IPPs, then it will be as good as MBED. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Correct. But then would exchanges still have a role to play there since that is already running on 
a pilot through a separate platform? 
SN Goel: 
That is a different exercise. That basically is just before the actual scheduling actual dispatch 
they are doing this optimization study. But then bringing State generation to the Central SCED 
is a difficult process. That is why an initiative is being taken to do intrastate SCED Within the 
State, (within) each of the State SCED is being done to achieve some efficiency there. During 
your next visit, we can discuss in detail. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Nigam from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Sir, just a theoretical question. I'm not asking you for your response to this. But theoretically, 
what are the options available post the CERC order? Can someone go to an appellate tribunal, 

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
can you appeal in a court of law? Again, just to reiterate, not asking you for your legal options 
right now. 
SN Goel: 
There are many options available. One is we go ahead with this. Second is we go to CERC for 
review. Third, is we go to APTEL. So, there are many options available. I told you at the 
beginning of this conference that we are evaluating this order and yet to take a view on this. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Fair enough. I totally understand. It's very, very early. And the second question is that the order 
says that the exchanges have to basically cooperate with the market coupling operator. Now it's 
still very early days, I know this is still being sort of worked out and you are going to look for 
clarification. But is there any proprietary stuff, any software which  they might expect or they 
might need to be able to implement this? Do you think you have that clarity on that? 
SN Goel: 
I'm not clear about your question.  
Abhishek Nigam: 
So, my question is when the order says that the exchange has to cooperate with the market 
coupling operator, is it just data? Or does it include some algorithm, something that is proprietary 
to you? 
SN Goel: 
I don't find such mention in the order.  Can you tell me where it is. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Okay. Maybe I'll just connect with Aparna later on. 
SN Goel: 
Last Paragraph, Paragraph 9 is, “the commission hereby directs all power exchanges to share 
the necessary data and other information as required by the staff of the commission and Grid 
India to analyse various operational and procedural aspects for implementation of coupling in 
DAM.” 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Yes. Actually, that's what I was referring to. 
SN Goel: 
No. This does not talk about technology or any such thing.  
Abhishek Nigam: 
Yes, actually. So that was my question. So, it only talks about data investing, right?  
SN Goel:  
That we are already providing.  
Abhishek Nigam:  
Okay. Perfect. That clears it. And just last question, post this disruption in one major segment, 
is there a sort of a rethink or a pause in terms of Strategy with respect to new product 
development, new segments which you are trying to enter and because something similar 
happens in one of those segments as well, then what are the thoughts over there? 
SN Goel: 
Product development is a continuous process. Five years back, we had only one product Day 
Ahead Market and Term Ahead Market. Now today, we have so many products available. So, 
in future also, this is a continuous process. We have already filed petition for the Green RTM 
market and also a petition for peak power,  
11 months contract is already with CERC. So, 
it is a continuous process. In due course of time, as and when we find that there is a need of a 
new product in the market, we will take that up.  

 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited
 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
SN Goel:  
I think it is already about 3:30. So can we have one last question or 2 last questions? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from UTI Mutual Fund. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sir, just one question from my side. So, can you just share the revenue share agreement that we 
have with NSE and BSE for the power derivatives? 
Management: 
I don't think there is a need to share that. We have an agreement with MCX so that they can use 
our price. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
But what portion of the power derivatives revenue should flow through us.  
SN Goel: 
I don't think these things are necessary to be discussed here. We are not paying anything to them. 
That is for sure. I think if there are no more questions, can we close the conference? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand over the conference to management for closing remarks. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Thank you, friends. I would like to thank each one of you for being part of today's call. 
Throughout this quarter, we witnessed efforts from the government and regulators to establish a 
favourable policy and regulatory climate to develop the energy sector. We at IEX remain 
committed to contribute to the development of sustainable and energy-efficient future for India. 
Have a wonderful evening. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
