AUTOMOTIVE AXLES LIMITED 
Regd. Office & Mysuru Unit : 
Hootagalli Industrial Area, Off Hunsur Road, Mysuru – 570 018, Karnataka, India 
 
Telephone : 91-821-719 7500, Fax : 91-821-2402451 
 
Email : sec@autoaxle.com, Website : www.autoaxle.com 
CIN : L51909KA1981PLC004198 
ISO 9001:2015 / IATF 16949 : 2016, EMS : ISO : 14001:2015 & OHSAS : ISO : 45001 : 2018 
 
  
 
 
09th August 2025 
 
The BSE Limited                                
            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                                     Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G- Block                    
Dalal Street                                                            Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400 001                                                    Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 505010                                                Scrip Code: AUTOAXLES 
                                     
Attn: Listing Department 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Analyst / Investor Conference Call Transcript. 
 
In continuation to our earlier intimation dated 04th August 2025 regarding Intimation of Analyst 
/ Investor Conference Call and with reference to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III, Part A, 
Para 15 (b)(ii) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
enclosed herewith Transcript of Analyst/Investor Conference Call conducted to discuss on the 
Automotive Axles Limited 1QFY26 Financial Performance” held on Thursday, 07th August 
2025 at 10:00 AM (IST). 
 
The Transcription and Audio Recordings of the same is available on the website of the Company.  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Truly, 
 
For Automotive Axles Limited 
 
 
 
Debadas Panda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
 
 
DEBADAS 
PANDA
Digitally signed by 
DEBADAS PANDA 
Date: 2025.08.09 
17:12:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
“Automotive Axles Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAGARAJA GARGESHWARI – PRESIDENT AND 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – AUTOMOTIVE AXLES 
LIMITED 
MR. RANGANATHAN S. – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AUTOMOTIVE AXLES LIMITED 
MR. KISHAN KUMAR UDUPI – GENERAL MANAGER, 
MERITOR HVS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAILESH RAJA – BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Automotive Axles Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sailesh Raja from Batlivala & Karani Securities Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Thanks, Shubam. Good morning, and thanks to everyone who have logged into Automotive 
Axles 1Q FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. From the management side, we have with us Mr. 
Nagaraja, President and Whole-Time Director, Automotive Axles; Mr. Ranganathan S, CFO, 
Automotive Axles; and Mr. Kishan Kumar, GM, Meritor India. 
 
I would now like to turn the call to Mr. Nagaraja for the opening remarks followed by Q&A. 
Sir, you may begin now. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes. Thank you, Shailesh. Good morning, everyone. Once again, welcome to this Automotive 
Axles quarter 1 FY '26 earnings call. I have, again, with me Mr. Ranganath, CFO, who will be 
able to take up any of your questions related to the finance. And then I also have my colleague, 
Kishan Kumar Udupi, President and Whole-Time Director, MHVSIL, who can bring in more 
information to the end markets. Despite the soft market, we are able to put up a very strong 
performance and then we continue to improve our EBITDA and cash flow for the quarter. 
 
So with that, Ranga, could you please take us through the results and followed by the question 
and answer. 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
Sure. Thank you, Nagaraj. Very good morning to all of you. I'm Ranganathan, CFO, Automotive 
Axles Limited. The revenue for the first -- I'll just do a quick highlights of the financial 
performance. And overall, revenue for this quarter is close to about INR498 crores. If you see 
the overall revenue of the last year, more or less, the revenue is in the same level. And the 
revenue from operations was slightly lower, that is 1% compared to last year. But if you take the 
overall total income is we are at the same level of the last year. 
 
As far as the profitability is concerned, the EBITDA for the quarter is about 11.7% as per the 
published results. And compared to the last year for the same quarter is 11.2%. At the EBITDA 
level, we are able to improve 0.5%. And as far as the PAT is concerned, we are at 7.3% compared 
to 6.9% last year, still better than 0.4% to 0.5%. 
 
So the highlight and overall strong working capital performance for the quarter. The cash has 
significantly improved and good cash flow performance too for this quarter. And overall, the 
key contributors, as all of you know that we have adopted the new business model as per the 
arrangements with the return. So the first quarter, we are reporting under that. 
 
And overall, as Nagaraj said, the market is still -- this quarter is going a little slow and we are -
- and probably in terms of the initiatives towards new product development and production and 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
improvement on the cost reduction and automations, all continue to be on the same pace. And 
this is definitely yielding slowly the improvement in the profitability perspective. That's one of 
the things I just want to highlight. Overall the profitability has improved compared to the last 
year. 
 
With this note, I'll probably end here and we will continue with question-and-answer. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Viraj from SiMPL. 
Viraj: 
A couple of questions. First, can you explain a little bit more in detail how the new model would 
work both in terms of impact on top line EBITDA? And also how is the arrangement now with 
regards to the service fee, which we will be paying to the private entity? 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
Yes. So I'll take this question. By and large, the earlier model versus this model, more or less 
about 75% of the sales were referred to MHVSIL, which has also been consolidated currently 
with end customer. In terms of revenue, earlier also we are operating with very strong operating 
-- the transfer pricing as to the arm's length. The improvement on the revenue may not be very 
significant in terms of the top line and it is less than the double digit in terms of the increase on 
the top line. 
Viraj: 
Sorry, increase in top line is? 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
It will be in the single digit. It may not be a significant improvement as compared to the earlier 
transfer pricing, which is the direct sales to the end customer. And because it varies between the 
product mix, that's why I'm saying. 
 
Second is about from the overall profitability as an arrangement, we have a very scientific and 
arm's length assessment towards the fee what we need to pay as the Meritor continue to support 
Automotive Axles on the marketing, product development and engineering support. So we have 
made an arrangement as per the arm's length and that's been arranged. 
 
In terms of the overall profitability, your question is you can see the effect for the full year 
because the first quarter since we have -- there are two factors I just want to bring about. The 
revenue recognition is one of the factors which will affect especially for the export this year -- 
this quarter and that will get normalized in the coming quarter. 
 
And definitely, all the efforts on the new product as well as on the cost improvement programs 
will continue to repeat. And you'll definitely find a margin improvement. But since the 
arrangement is also to pay the fee for the support and marketing and engineering and product 
development. 
Viraj: 
So just a follow-up on this only, because sorry, it's not clear to me. First, if I look at the sales 
model earlier versus now, right, as you said, close to 80% of the sales were routed through 
Meritor HVS. And if you look at that entity, they typically have a gross margin of 10%. So there 
was a markup of 10% further on the sales purchase from us and sold to OE. Now that piece is 
basically now sold by us to OE. 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
So naturally, one would think that there will be at least a 10% or so kind of a bump up in our top 
line starting from Q1. And if I look at our key customers, be it Ashok Leyland and others, ex of 
bus also, the production largely being for the quarter being flat or marginally positive. So starting 
Q1, the thinking we had and I think in our earlier discussions also, you indicated the top line 
growth being faster irrespective of the market cycle. That has not really played out starting Q1. 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
That's why I mentioned there are two things to it. The 10%, I don't know where you reference is 
from and also… 
Viraj: 
If you look at their own financials from RFC. 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
No, that's not right. That's we have mentioned this earlier also, sorry to intervene. Their financial 
is not only selling through AAL. They have their own aftermarket division, which they have a 
separate setup, which has nothing to do with Automotive Axles, okay? So you can't compare the 
entire other entity what the entire margin the consolidation going to bring in. That's a wrong 
assumption and that may not be appropriate, I'll assess. 
 
So the sales what we are selling to OEs, which is -- now it's been consolidated at AAL level, 
okay? And whatever the MHVSIL has got their own initiative of aftermarket, which 
continuously with other units. That's -- Automotive Axles has no role to play there. 
 
Secondly, about -- I know you talked about it, the revenue. Yes, there will be definitely there 
will be an upside on the revenue with the consolidation is concerned, but may not be 10% for 
sure because that's not appropriate to consider. 
 
Point number two is about -- I mentioned that during the first quarter, the revenue -- some of the 
revenues we have to follow as per accounting standard, the Incoterms and the revenue could not 
be recognized, especially of the exports. That will get normalized. That will show a little bit up 
on the top line. 
 
And again, when you look at it in the shareholder outside, is a holistic revenue, what you see. It 
also has an effect of the domestic market. And it's a combination of both. So if the domestic 
market comes to normalcy and probably the spoke on the top line, you will definitely see a little 
much more as compared to what you see today. 
Viraj: 
Okay. Second question on this only. Can you get more detailed perspective of how the service 
fee would work? It's an absolute fee which we'll be paying every quarter or if it's percentage of 
sales and if it's portion of sales or is that fee structure now which we'll be having to pay to the 
private entity? 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
Yes, that's what I'm saying. This is basically scientifically done with assessment of the 2 
professionals to see what is the fee to be paid and it has been assessed at an arm's length, this 
has been determined. And it is a percentage of the revenue. 
 
It's a percentage on the revenue, what we pay outside the sales outside our group entities. Means 
that most of the sales, what is the Indian OEs, what we do, basically, it's what the fee is 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
applicable. So overall basis, this is basically an announcement and probably that's how the 
arrangement has been made at this moment. 
Viraj: 
So net effect post this fee structure and post full consolidation of export, I'm assuming export, 
we would have not recognized any revenue this quarter, correct me on that. So post consolidation 
of that and post now the new fee structure, the net effect to Automotive Axles at the EBITDA, 
should we see a material margin improvement also assuming the market stays where it is? 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
I probably -- there will be an improvement in the margin, which is actually may not be material. 
I don't know what is material, but there will be definitely an improvement. It's a marginal 
improvement, I'll put it this way because we have to be true to the arm's length assessment. So 
there will be definitely an improvement. There will be an improvement in the top line. 
 
You see -- if you look at the whole financial year, you'll see the overall effect you will see 
because there are a lot more combinations you need to look at it. The market is so fluctuating. 
This quarter, we are looking a little more softening on the market. I think Kishan can explain 
that. So the point is that, that effect will also come in. 
 
We can't stand-alone pull out, I'm saying that it's difficult because when you do that. So the point 
is that definitely, there will be -- per se, the consolidation will definitely give the margin 
improvement, no doubt about that. But to the next, I don't know what the material means, but 
what I mean is there will be definitely a margin improvement will be there. 
Viraj: 
Okay. Just two more questions, I'll come back in queue. We have been working in filling the 
product gaps pertaining to the bus segment. And any update you can give whether that has been 
commercialized, either the 13.5 or the 15-meter or the 9-meter segments, which we were 
working on. Any update on these new product... 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
Kishan can address 
Kishan Kumar: 
Yes, I can -- thank you for the question. So I'll start with the 13.5 and 15 meters. So these 2 are 
already supplying in proto batches and we'll be going into production soon, which is as per our 
plan. And coming to the other one, which is the -- we have discussed in the past, the new 
development, the business discussions and commercials are going on with the customer. So we 
have finalized the specification and design and we are hoping to close the commercials first in 
this quarter, which is the Q2 of this year. 
 
The other 2, 13.5 and 15-meter coach, as I mentioned, the proto trials are going on, and we have 
received good feedback on that. There are some tweaking required as we expect after the trials, 
which also we are planning to complete in the Q2 and early Q3 of this year. 
Viraj: 
Okay. Last question. So you said service fee would primarily be on the domestic OE business 
and not on the export, which is done to group entities, correct me. So in terms of export, how 
should one now look at the margin compared to the domestic piece? 
 
And a related question is, if you look at the private entity, I understand they also have 
aftermarket. But if I remove the sales which are supplied by us to them and then eventually they 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
are supplying to OE, that 20% of sales and the margins we earn would imply the ross margin 
they will be earning on that 20% sales after would be in excess of 40%, 50%, which is quite 
abnormal for an aftermarket business to be in. Hence, the assumption what I was alluding earlier. 
Kishan Kumar: 
So I don't know, I have not reviewed their financials to see what margins they are making in 
terms of that. And as far as the Automotive Axles is concerned, it's fairly consolidated. And we 
have made an arm's length assessment. Based on the assessment we fixed fee purchase payable 
to them. 
 
You are right, this is basically for the -- largely for the domestic OE supplies. And for 
intercompany exports, this is not applicable. And -- but there will be a marginal improvement in 
the margin for the -- per se for this consolidation. And the effect of this, you can see holistically 
as a couple of quarters is good season, you can see the normalcy over there. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Arjun from ARJ Securities. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Sir, my name is Gaurav Agrawal from Nine One Capital. Sir, your assumption, the previous 
participant when you said that most of the revenue at Meritor, it is coming from automotive. I 
also did some work. And sorry to say his assumption holds right because if you see direct 
purchase in that entity for the last 5 years, right? 
 
And you see it in your related party as a percentage of that, it comes to 100%. So 100% of the 
RM is basically equal to whatever you supply to them as a related party. And also, they have 
only what fixed assets of INR10 crores, other expenses, operating expense of 2.5% of sales. So 
you can choose to be ignorant about it or handle it honestly what you are going to do in this 
arrangement. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
So what's your question? 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
The question is that 10% gross margin which Meritor is making, now that entire sale has to be 
routed by you, will we see any benefit at the EBITDA level? Or will you see the zero benefit? 
And in some of the other... 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
You're putting very aggressive statement. See, what I'm saying is I very clearly mentioned there 
will be a marginal improvement on the EBITDA, okay? So... 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
I'm not able to understand that unless you say that service fee and R&D fees, all of that put 
together is around INR200 crores. If you believe that, then it's okay. If there is a reason to believe 
that they should get INR200 crores for providing these kind of services, then I totally agree. 
There should be -- there should be only marginal difference to the EBITDA. But if that service 
fee is, let's say, even INR100 crores, then we should get INR100 crores kind of a benefit to our 
P&L. So that's what I'm trying to understand. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
That's what I said. This arrangement is done on an arm's length. So there will be -- because of 
the model change, there will be an improvement in the EBITDA margin, okay? I can't say a 
number at this moment of time. We're also going through this. The point number 2 is about the… 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Sir, arrangement was supposed to happen from Q1, right, from 1st April 2025, right? And it is 
still 4 months into the financial year. So still the arrangement is being decided upon or we'll get 
to know later part of the year or when will it be? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
No, no. You see the -- as an investor, you see the effect of the -- we need the season I mentioned 
that the first quarter, we have the revenue recognition point, which is as we change the model. 
That will get seasoned out in 3 to 4 months' time depends on the incur terms what we agreed. 
 
And definitely, as a stand-alone, if you look at it under the new model, this will have a benefit 
to the P&L, but the previous participant also mentioned it will be a material. I said material is a 
relative term. I mentioned very clearly that… 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
It is not a material term. We are -- INR200 crores of gross margin. It's very material, right? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Just I think, one thing. I think you need to -- I think you are... 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
We are at a INR200 crores profit pool. Just even if INR50 crores comes to our account, right? 
So it is 2.5% of your revenue or as a percentage of your EBITDA, it is like 25%, 30%. Last year, 
INR220 crores EBITDA you made. If you add INR50 crores, it's like 25% addition to your 
EBITDA. So it can be quite material. And the profit pool is large enough, right? And the other 
entity, they have only INR10 crores of fixed assets. So I don't understand with INR10 crores of 
fixed asset, what kind of manufacturing are they doing. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Just hold on a second. I think Ranga already mentioned. They not only have this business and 
they also have an aftermarket business, okay? So I think we don't have the complete details of 
what their margins are. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
If you want I have calculated everything. You can give you your e-mail, I'll send you everything. 
I think it's fairly easy to conclude that most of the... 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
What we have concluded is with our visibility like what Ranga has mentioned, there is going to 
be an improvement. At this point of time, because the soft market and then product mix and 
everything, it may not be visible. Over the whole year or 6 months, you will have a very clear 
visibility of what improvements we are going to see. It will be marginal. It will not be big, but 
you are going to see it more on the -- rather than on the percentage, you are going to see it on 
the numbers. That's what we think. Next question, please. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Radha. 
Radha: 
Sir, my question was in buses. So with the 13.5 and 15-meter buses that you mentioned that 
you'll be supplying from 3Q onwards. So currently, who is supplying to Ashok Leyland? And 
what is the expected share of business gain with this customer that you expect from the bus 
segment in the next 2 years? 
Kishan Kumar: 
Okay. I can take that question. So first of all, I did not say Ashok Leyland, I said customer, but 
anyways, let's keep it that way. So these -- both these are new launches for the customer. So 
currently, there is no one supplying it. It's a new platform that is coming up. And like I 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
mentioned, we did some tweaking to our -- one of the products so that it is suitable for the 
application. 
 
So the volumes are pretty low as it is a launch program and it may not impact our overall share 
of business significantly with this customer. And over a period of time, the customer has an 
aggressive launch plan, but that has to be realized only after the market acceptance of the 
product. But overall, it looks like a big growing market and the customer has the right strategy 
and we are present 100% with them. So I can leave it there. 
Radha: 
Sir, in the other model of the existing customers, who was the current supplier. 
Kishan Kumar: 
The other one is our competition, you can guess. There are -- one of them is the competition 
there. 
Radha: 
Okay. Sir secondly, is there an opportunity to make axles for the bus segment for other customers 
also other than Ashok Leyland? 
Kishan Kumar: 
In the coach, probably the chances are few because the other customers, for example, Volvo, if 
you see they're already using our axles, which are imported directly through them. And then it's 
a very niche segment, not many OEMs are present, not other OEMs are present. Coming to the 
smaller one, yes, there are opportunities, but I think our focus is right now to get the product out 
and then we will pursue with other OEMs. 
Radha: 
Sir, for Tata, any [inaudible 0:23:03]. Do they have in-house manufacturing for the buses and 
also for the e-buses also? 
Kishan Kumar: 
They have in-house capability, but this product range, the 13.5 and 15-meter, that's a niche 
segment. As I mentioned, that's something apart from Volvo, nobody is present today. And 
everybody has tried in the past, but it's a very different market. So I will leave it there. 
Radha: 
Okay. Sir, on the export market, other than non- Meritor, we have added only Volvo as a 
customer in last 5 years. So what are the initiatives that we are taking to add more customers 
there? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Kishan? 
Kishan Kumar: 
Sorry, can you repeat the last part? 
Radha: 
So in the exports market, other than non-Meritor, we have added only Volvo as a customer in 
last 5 years. So what are the initiatives that we are taking to add more customers? 
Kishan Kumar: 
Okay. So like you said, the first part is right. We always supply to our own entities elsewhere. 
And we don't typically do a direct sales because the application, the business model and the legal 
requirements are very different in the regions. Volvo or currently UD, that is a different case 
because that is a division that is sitting in India and the discussions and the techno commercial 
closes here. It's only a supply that goes to the other plant outside India. 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
But everywhere else, we have our own presence. And like I said, the application, techno 
commercial terms, legal requirement, that's all handled by the regional teams. And that's why 
we supply to our own entities and they interface with the end customer. And also there is a lot 
of value-add that happens at the region. So it's -- we only supply the subcomponents, but the 
value-add, final value-add specific to the region happens at those locations. And that's been the 
strategy and I don't see that changing in the near future. 
Radha: 
Okay. So in previous calls, you have mentioned that you were in discussion with a few OEMs 
to add customers in the export market. So what is the update on that? 
Kishan Kumar: 
So you're talking about deemed exports. So let's say, if one of the customers in India, they want 
to do an export. We always have the right to approach and that's our right. That's our business. 
So it is a deemed export. That is possible. But going to the location where the -- sorry. 
Radha: 
Direct export, sir. Not indirect. 
Kishan Kumar: 
Direct export is only through to the sites of Cummins or the entities of Cummins, not directly to 
the end customer. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of from Purva Jhaveri from One Up Financial. 
Purva Jhaveri: 
So I just wanted to -- I had a few questions, sir. So firstly, sir, on the overall outlook for FY '26, 
will it be -- will the demand -- do you see the demand softening or you see the flattish year? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Kishan, can you take it? 
Kishan Kumar: 
Yes. So let me step back. So what we are seeing -- okay, let me start with the overall industry, 
what's going on. So typically, if you go back 10 years or 12 years, the historical cyclicality of 
the industry, we see that after, let's say, 2 stable years with good volumes, we see a dip. And 
usually, the dip is pretty severe, like we have seen 15%, 20% dip. But last 3 years, if you see, 
the market is hovering around 400, pretty stable. And we are not seeing a steep dip even this 
year, even though we have projected 4% lower than the last year overall production. That's still 
a very strong market for us. 
 
But what we do see is a couple of things which may be only temporary. The Q1 due to this AC 
cabin change, most OEMs have built on their inventory, I think in surplus of what they usually 
plan for. So that is going to impact us in Q2. And then the second one is monsoon. Typically, 
we see that when there is a good monsoon, the freight movement is low. And this year looks like 
it's above average monsoon and also it started a little bit early in the country. 
 
So both these will -- probably the Q2 will be much lower than what we initially anticipated. But 
we do think that Q3, Q4, that's where we start seeing the other programs that the government is 
doing, for example, infra, the industrial activities are very low, even though there's so many infra 
programs launched, but those will start kicking in after the monsoon. Hopefully, Q3 and Q4, we 
will see the market coming back we are very optimistic that it will be at that INR400 crores or 
plus/minus 3%, 4% level. 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Purva Jhaveri: 
Okay, sir. And sir, another question to CFO, sir. Sir, I wanted to ask about the other expenses, 
which came in around INR75 crores. So we must have classified the fees paid to the Meritor in 
the other expenses. So can you just quantify how much fees have we paid to Meritor? 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
At this moment, I don't have the detail with me, but it is grouped under the other expenses at this 
moment of time. 
Purva Jhaveri: 
So sir, going forward, we can expect other expenses to be in the range of 15%, 15%, 15.5%? 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
May not be. I don't think so. Probably -- yes, it depends on, again, the product mix again, I think. 
So yes, it will be around 12%, 13%. 
Purva Jhaveri: 
All right, sir. From Q2 onwards or for the whole year to 12%, 13%? 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
Yes, we need to see, the first quarter, we have just moved to the new model, okay? So we may 
have to have a little bit of things settled down next couple of quarters. Maybe Q3 onwards, you 
can see a reasonable normalcy in the overall financials. 
Purva Jhaveri: 
Okay. And the incremental revenue from the direct sales buyers won't be having -- will be below 
10%, right? The growth in axles. 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
Yes. 
Purva Jhaveri: 
All right. 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
Because see, for example, I don't know, there are a lot of calculations going outside. are much 
more informed information with them. The point is that our transfer pricing for the financial year 
last year also is well made and no compromise on the transfer pricing is concerned. This is as 
per the arm's length, and it's been certified by the people. 
 
So this model is basically in response to the shareholders' decision and probably a lot of 
expectations, all of you have, I completely respect that. And -- but we also need to be -- when 
we adopt a model, the change of 44 years, we have to gradually adopt into the new system. 
Expectations are fine. We respect that. But we may have to take the business in a gradual way 
because there are some values which other entities that we get we need to respect. 
 
We need to have an arm's length model being a listed entity, we need to align the compliance is 
a very critical aspect for Automotive Axles. So we've gone ahead with the right process in terms 
of setting this. It's probably the intention is very straightforward, and we want to be very honest 
to the shareholders. I just wanted to place it across the board. 
Purva Jhaveri: 
Sir, can I just squeeze in one question, sir? 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
Yes. 
Purva Jhaveri: 
Sir, you have seen gross margin improvement in this quarter. So what would be the reason 
behind? Would it be product mix? 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
Probably this quarter is concerned, overall basis is basically -- yes, a couple of things, probably 
Nagaraj can add. One is about the new product, which we have introduced called [18TG 
0:31:43], which is probably the volumes have slightly picked up this quarter. This was one of 
the reasons that the mix definitely has a benefit. And secondly, we also have other side -- flip 
side of the mix is about export revenue is not recognized. 
 
But very important point is about very consistently for several years, we have a very focused 
approach as far as the cost improvement programs are concerned. And all of you know the last 
1, 1.5 years, we are very seriously considering automating our manufacturing lines. We have 
recently certified last year certified by TPM, and we are adopting Industry 4.0 for all the value 
by one. 
 
Automotive Axles is investing though the market is slow, we are investing on this automation 
to improve the productivity. And we want to be up and ready for the upside of the market one in 
terms of the capacity and the efficiency. So that is also happening. So all these programs of cost 
reduction and automation is paying up this year. And you can be evident you will see in the 
coming quarters, too. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Viraj from SiMPL. 
Viraj: 
Just a few more questions. Just wanted to understand why -- what are the reasons behind not 
consolidating -- us not able to consolidate exports in Q1? And whether any expenses incurred 
pertaining to the same P&L in Q1? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
No, no. Export is being made from Automotive Axles. Only these Incoterms for all these exports 
are different. So based on the Incoterms, we are not able to recognize the revenue in the books. 
And as we meet the Incoterms, the revenue will be recognized from this quarter onwards, that is 
Q2 onwards, the revenue will be recognized as per the revenue recognition policy. 
Viraj: 
So the expenses -- sorry, I'm not able to understand. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
It is only the timing. It is just the timing because it depends on whether you are having a CIF, 
you have exports or landed, depending upon what agreement is there with the customer, the 
revenue recognition is done. So it is just the timing. And like what Ranga mentioned, going 
forward from the Q2 onwards, it will get normalized. 
Viraj: 
And the expenses have been recognized pertaining to the same or that is still yet to be... 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
The revenue is not recognized. Automatically, the COGS relevant to the export is also not 
recognized. So it goes hand in hand. 
Viraj: 
Okay. Second question is, in terms of export, what is that you are hearing from your key group 
entities across the globe. So I think for this year, we were also looking at a sizable capex to 
modernize the Mysore plant. So any color you can give in terms of what is that you're hearing 
from key markets in terms of export? And any update on the capex? 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
I will take the first portion of it and Kishan, you can add. So as you can see that North America 
with all the tariff discussions going on, the end markets are very, very low. So we have always 
been very competitive when it comes to certain specific models, which we manufacture only in 
India, which is required in the rest of the part of the world. And at the same time, also when they 
have peak demands where we can act as a layered capacity. 
 
So the investment what we are doing is not only for the export, but also for the domestic, as 
Kishan mentioned, the end market is changing, new products are coming. There is a lot of 
requirement in terms of product performance. Obviously, along with that, this will also drive our 
productivity improvement and reduction in operational cost. 
 
So this is -- when we started investing, we thought that the end market, especially in North 
America and Europe is going to hold. Unfortunately, it is not the case. So we are expecting there 
will be a potential increase in our export to these regions in next couple of years. 
Viraj: 
And given the way the tariff rates are playing out, how does that place us vis-a-vis other entities 
in the parent must be sourcing from in terms of competitiveness? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes, that is some strategy. Obviously, we need to be competitive when compared to the landed 
cost or in-house cost. Obviously, we also look at the same thing. We don't know if the tariffs are 
temporary or they are permanent. I'm sure that Cummins on their side, they are also working on 
the strategy in terms of, they have a manufacturing centers here in India, Asia Pac, Europe and 
everywhere. 
 
So I think they're probably also working on that, and then we work on our strategy and see where 
our strategy is going to sync with them. But again, at this point of time, it is too early to comment 
on this. 
Viraj: 
Okay. Just 2 more questions. So you said that the fee that you'll be paying is purely on domestic. 
So would it be right to think that whatever exports we will now be making directly to group 
entities, that would carry a much higher margin structure than what we have historically been 
earning? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Theoretically, yes. The agreement is the fees are payable only for the sales that is done outside 
Cummins businesses. So essentially, any exports to Cummins entities will not carry any of these 
fees. 
Viraj: 
Okay. So traditionally, we have maintained that assuming a market is stable or marginally 
growing, given the kind of cost initiatives and we have been taking, as an entity, we can easily 
comfortably earn somewhere around, say, 12.5% to 13.5% operating margin. So given the fee 
structure is not applicable on exports, would it be right to think that we can have even possibly 
on mid-teen margins on exports? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes, theoretically, yes. 
Viraj: 
Okay. Last question. See, I assume -- I understand there's a lot of volatility in the market in terms 
of demand and product mix and other calculations. But if I take 2025 as a base, right, for you, 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
and on that base, if you take into factor the new model we have, there will be some working we 
would have done in terms of the absolute increase in EBITDA we would see, assuming 2025 as 
a base. 
 
So where I'm coming from as investors, we would also probably get some perspective of how 
much of that value addition is now coming to the listed entity as against what it was flowing 
through the private entity. So can you give some more perspective on this? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Ranga you want to take that? 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
As I mentioned before, at this moment, I can't be able to quantify and tell you, much sorry for 
it. But you definitely see a marginal improvement of that benefit coming through. And it is not 
appropriate for me -- we've not looked at it whether how much the other entity you are making 
money. I like that approach most of the investors having is quite genuine. 
 
We respect, as I mentioned that, but that's not the way we can structure the arm's length 
transaction between the 2 entities and the value addition of the other entity is quite significant. 
So survival of Automotive Axles basically depends on the engineering value addition. So the 
engineering is the brain behind this product. So obviously… 
Viraj: 
Sorry to interrupt. I think nowhere either me or any of those other investors are questioning the 
IP or the value-add the private entity is bringing to the table. I think the idea that you need to 
pay is fully justifiable. What I think me and others are just trying to get more clarity is how much 
-- as per the new arrangement, how much of the value addition would now be coming to the 
listed entity? 
 
And if you go back, say, in October, November, the whole reason why shareholders may be 
rejected the proposal is because there was not a clarity of how much value addition will be 
flowing to the listed entity. So while we appreciate that you have corrected this structure and it's 
now flowing through only to the listed entity, there's still some degree of ambiguity of whether 
the value addition will at all be coming to the listed entity or not. 
 
And I think we have Mr. Kishan also on the call, who is representing Meritor HVS. So I think 
some more clarity as long-term investors and co-owners, we would also appreciate having to 
have because we also want to be part of this new ownership when the Cummins. So... 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes, we appreciate you bringing it up. And I think we owe you an answer. As we clearly 
mentioned, if you compare base to base, there is an improvement. There is improvement you are 
going to see in terms of margin, also in terms of absolute numbers. The challenge for us is putting 
it up because of the various product mix and then the mix between the exports and domestic 
sales, which is changing so drastically quarter-on-quarter. 
 
We are not able to put an absolute number. And that's why we are asking you to have a patience 
in just the first quarter. And probably by Q3, we will have a very clear visibility of what those 
margin improvements that we are going to see because of the new arrangement. 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Viraj: 
Just one last question for Mr. Kishan. See Meritor HVS as Mr. Nagaraj has also talked about, 
other than the sales through which they source -- traditionally been sourcing from Automotive 
Axles, they have roughly somewhere around INR300 crores to INR400 crores of sales outside. 
 
Now in the past, we have talked about aftermarket also being a sizable growth driver in our 
ambition to double sales in the listed entity. So can you just give some perspective what this 
INR300 crores, INR350 crores of sales, what does this pertain? And what role automotive axle 
will play in the aftermarket play in India? 
 
And just one request to the management. Maybe not immediately, but maybe you can just put it 
out in a press release laying out a scenario that if we were to assume 2025 operations as a base 
and with the caveat, obviously, mix changes and markets are dynamic, what kind of a change 
one would see as per the new model? I think this will go in alleviating a lot of concerns of 
minority investors. So over to you, Mr. Kishan. 
Kishan Kumar: 
My respect to all of you that let's have -- this is investor call for Automotive Axles. And let's 
restrict to the question with only with respect to Automotive Axles because going beyond, it's 
not very appropriate. It's not compliant is also my opinion. So it's not -- just purely let's restrict 
to Automotive Axles performance as far as the call is concerned. I appreciate your 
understanding. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes. Just to tell about Automotive Axles, any of the product that we sell into the domestic OEs 
or that we manufacture it here, all those parts are MHVSIL will be our sourcing from AAL only. 
So that means they cannot buy it from anybody else. They are buying it from Automotive axles. 
So whatever they sell in the aftermarket, it will be Automotive Axles product. But other than 
that, they also sell other makes and other than axles and brakes, they sell so many other parts. 
So I think we'll leave it at that place. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Samarth from Janak Merchant Securities. 
Samarth: 
So American Axles, which got taken over by Bharat Forge, who is where Kalyani Group is also 
a partner in our own company. So they have been also trying to -- like when it was American 
Axles, they were also trying to get in Ashok Leyland. So do you see any pricing pressure in the 
axle category going forward or already is it visible because of which we had to take price 
decrease? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
No, I don't think so because, in fact, we also supply some brakes to American Axles for another 
OE through the American Axles. So essentially, what we see is American Axles and as we 
continue to be competitors. We continue to compete for the share of business. That has been 
happening for the last several years, if I'm right, at least for the last 10 years. I think it will 
continue to happen. 
 
And then we are very confident in terms of the products that we are developing, in terms of the 
manufacturing capability and capacity what we are having. So we hope -- and then we continue 
to put efforts in winning as much as share of business with the customer as possible. So this -- 
whatever the recent transaction has happened, it is not going to change the way Automotive 
axles is going to operate or pursue potential businesses. 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Samarth: 
We haven't seen any pricing pressure. 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
No, no. See I just add to Nagaraj. See, in automotive industry, as far as OE is concerned, we 
consistently faced pricing pressure, okay, in terms of the value additions and crossing on. It 
continuous to be there, not with us with respect to any Tier 1 or Tier 2 suppliers are concerned. 
That continues. 
 
What Naga is trying to say is, not that, American Axles presence is not invalid. They already 
preexisting before us also, before this acquisition also. So I don't think that's going to add 
anything special at this moment of time. The business got normal. There will be continuous 
pressure from the OEs as far as the price reductions are concerned. That we'll manage it. We 
have been managing for several years. We'll be continuous to manage it. 
 
We have specific programs with the OEs where we have an arrangement to share some benefits. 
There are some internal value- addition that will definitely accrue to us. So that arrangement 
continue will continue in the future also. 
Samarth: 
Sir, another two questions from my side. One is the heavy axles that we have for the 50 and 55-
ton vehicle. So from what we understand is Tata Motors captively doesn't have these products. 
So can you win more business with Tata Motors for the very heavy axle category? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Let me just try to answer, Kishan, can add to that. No, we continuously explore opportunities 
with the OEs. There are new OEs other than to whom we are already supplying. They have 
approached us inquiring about certain -- not just this particular product, the potential other 
products that we have developed. So continuously, we are looking at the opportunity. If the 
business makes sense, if it works out, why not? Yes, we would like to supply to Tata, not just 
Tata, any other OEMs as well. Kishan, you wantâ€¦ 
Kishan Kumar: 
I agree with Nagaraj, but I also want to clarify our strategy with Tata. It's definitely we want to 
strengthen our relationship on brakes, right? That's where our current business holds. And then 
anything add-on, and I don't know where you're getting this data that Tata is looking for or may 
not have the right product. 
 
They already have a product, which is in the market. And we're always pitching our product 
when we launch it, but it's purely the gap they see in their product line in terms of whether it is 
cost, performance, reliability, durability, quality, that is what is the pull. Otherwise, it's purely 
an interaction with Tata on brakes alone today. 
Samarth: 
Sir, on the brake side, so in brakes, like 30%, 35% cost is a casting cost and we don't do our own 
castings. So as we gain scale, do you have any plans of getting castings for captive purpose or 
you can even export it out of India since you will be able to build the scale? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Right now, we are looking at multiple -- we have been looking at potential opportunities to 
increase the value-add within our manufacturing footprint. So I don't know whether it is going 
to be just a casting or it is more automation and then increasing the capacity. So we -- time and 
again, whenever there is an opportunity, we'll explore it. 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
Casting is a totally different animal. If it makes sense, yes, we might look into this. But right 
now, our focus is looking at automating our current processes, bringing in new technology rather 
than adding some commodities, which we can buy more economically and more efficiently from 
the current suppliers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, if you -- I joined late. So firstly, if you could just give us some understanding how 
the current year is shaping up with the exit of the first quarter in terms of our deliverables that is 
scheduled going ahead in terms of the incremental tonnage that we may expect? 
 
And in the other expenses line item, we see that line item increasing disproportionate to the case. 
So what -- any one-off item that is incubated in the other expense line item of INR75 crores for 
this quarter? 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
So I'll just answer the second one, I'm and Ranganathan here. So I think we have explained it 
earlier. So the technical fee what we pay to MHVSIL under the new model, which has been -- 
which has been coming under the other expenses. And as far as the market is concerned, Kishan 
can able to answer it. 
Kishan Kumar: 
Yes. So this year, specifically, a couple of things are happening. One is I explained earlier to the 
audience, historical cyclicality has actually changed now. So we are having a constant volume 
around 400,000. This year, we do see a dip of around 4%, which is primarily coming from some 
of the inventories that has been built in addition to what OEMs typically plan. 
 
And second one is even though the volumes are around 400,000, the mix is changing. So one, 
in the truck segment, we are seeing higher heavy-duty engines coming into play, whether it is a 
4x2 tractor trailer, where we already have a product launched and then the tipper segment. So 
again, we have a product there. 
 
The other change which we are seeing consistently last 3, 4 years is the bus volume in this entire 
product mix. That is changing. That has increased. Typically, we see around 40,000 buses on an 
average last 10 years, if I take an average of bus sales. But last 3, 4 years, we see consistently 
70,000, 80,000. This may be the deficit that caused by the COVID and then there was a 
continuous push to improve the overall bus from the state transport units as well. So overall 
market will still be 400,000. 
 
We do see this product mix mainly in the buses where we have already launched 2 products. 
One product is in the pipeline. And the heavy segment, what you mentioned, the tonnage 
carrying capacity in terms of tonnage carrying capacity of the vehicles, we have for 50 to 55 ton 
range, the axle already in production. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, so that is all alluding to our business volumes and the margins going up, which is what the 
commission part should be especially for the higher tonnages and the contribution also moving 
ahead? 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Kishan Kumar: 
The per axle realization in terms of pricing, yes, it is definitely more because there is more metal, 
more content, more technology, yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, for this other expense, which you mentioned for the -- I think the Meritor part, so this 
is going to be directly proportional to the sales? Or what should be the number we should see in 
going ahead? Just to understand what should be the percentage. 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
No. The point is the arrangement, I mentioned earlier, the arrangement for the support of 
engineering and product development and the marketing. They are based on arm's length, we 
have fixed base, which is a percentage to the sales to the domestic OEs. So that has been -- will 
be payable through MHVSIL for the valuation what we are bringing in. So I mentioned it earlier, 
just wait for a couple of quarters. Third quarter onwards, you can see kind of the normal view 
about this transaction. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, last two lines, I completely missed. If you could just repeat fourth quarter or what you were 
trying to say. 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
No, no. We want to see -- we want to have some holistic view. I said at least 3 quarters we need 
to go through. So I just requested that you hold it until the third quarter and see. Then if you still 
have any points, then we can discuss that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. No, if you could just elaborate the component for it, out of the INR75 crores, how much 
is attributable to the commission part for the special expenses which we have paid for the 
technology and the sales promotion? 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
No, no, that's what I said, hold it for a couple of quarters. At this moment of time, I'm not -- I 
said the percentage is based on the sales what we made to the domestic OEs. And hold your 
question for the next couple of quarters, my request is that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. But will our margins be protected, sir, when we... 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
100%. 100% margin is protected. I mentioned earlier also and Nagaraj also reinstated that. This 
new arrangement, definitely there will be a marginal improvement on the margins. And the 
market expectation is high. That's what we have given a very clear communication in the earlier 
part of the call that there will be a marginal improvement on the margin as far as the model is 
concerned. 
 
See, the margin on a holistic way when you look at it, there are various other elements too. One 
element is about the product mix. Other element is basically the market fluctuations. So 
definitely, we are doing our best to make sure that Automotive Axles margins are well protected. 
Under the new model per se, there will be -- there will not be any deterioration in the margins. 
There will be a marginal improvement on the margins. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, last point is for this quarter, how are the programs for the deliverable scheduled 
if we compare it with first quarter or with the last year, what are the current sentiment? And this 
tariff part of the story, sir, I joined late. So what would be the impact from us, if any, on the 
same, if these 2 points you can explain? 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Sankaran Ranganathan: 
Could you repeat the question, please? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly is how are the quarter 2 deliverables currently ongoing with respect to the programs 
which we have from the OEM, the current ensuing quarter? And how are these comparables 
with the first quarter of the last year similar quarter? I just wanted to understand the business 
sentiment. And secondly, the impact of tariff, if any, I think so from the U.S. part, how are we 
prepared for the same. 
Kishan Kumar: 
Yes. I'll take the first part. So this quarter is -- compared to last year's quarter, it's about 5% 
down. And there are many reasons like we were discussing in the past, the AC cabin changeover 
that has actually created a lot of additional inventory with OEMs. So we are seeing that impact 
coming into this quarter, which will subside going forward. 
 
And then the monsoon is also playing a role, which is typical. We see that from Q2 onwards. 
This year, only thing is the impact is slightly longer than what it was earlier because of the early 
monsoon and also higher than above average monsoon. Coming to the tariff, I think every day 
morning, we wake up with something new. I think anybody's guess right now, 50%, that's just 
impossible for anybody to navigate. I'll put it that way. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what percentage of our business is directly affected because of the tariffs to our U.S. 
counterparts? 
Kishan Kumar: 
Our export to North America is pretty small. So it's not a big concern for us. And also, as you 
know, North America market is already 50% down. And they have -- like Nagaraj was telling 
earlier, only where we are 100% present, only that is where we may see this impact. But 
otherwise, it's insignificant right now. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And two small points. Firstly, sir, about the capex, how much are we going to spend for 
the capex, especially for capacity augmentation and further product introduction? And secondly, 
on our path to double our revenue, I think with the 5-year program, which was outlined last year, 
how well are we progressing? And what milestones are we expected to reach this year and next 
year? If you could just elaborate these 2 points. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes. So I'll take that. Right now, the Board has already approved about INR120 crores that we 
are spending on the capex, including our capacity capability and then equipment replacement 
and also automation. So all those projects put together. So what we see is 
 
I can split it into, let's say, Phase 1 and then Phase 1a. The Phase 1, we will be completing it by 
end of this financial year. So we're going to start seeing those benefits improvements coming in 
during the later part of first quarter of FY '27. And then coming to the Phase 1a, we should be 
able to complete those upgrades and investment and commission all the equipments by 
December 2026. So that's third quarter of 2027. 
 
So essentially, what I call is this -- the first initial investment will be completed in the next 18 
months or so. And in the meantime, we'll be -- we are already developing on working for to meet 
our FY 2030 goals at all the other additional investments that we need to do, including our 
product strategy, including our manufacturing strategy, we are working on that. So that we 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
should be able to complete kind of finalize by end of this year and go to the Board to seek their 
guidance and approval. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So INR120 crores is what we spent this year. This is what we have outlined. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
This year and next year put together, mainly on the specific capacity enhancement -- capacity 
and capability enhancement projects. This is other than sustenance capex. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Yes. And for the product introduction, sir, you mentioned some new products launch 
would be there for the second half. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes. Towards the end of second half. We are kind of looking at this point of time, we are kind 
of fine-tuning the product specification to meet the ever-changing customer applications and 
demands. So we'll be having a properly prototype ready by end of this year. And then we need 
to see when the actual start of production happens with the OEs. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And just lastly, sir, taking all these factors into account and the business modeling which 
we have done, does the quarter 1 business environment gives us an understanding that we will 
have a better year in terms of higher tonnages and thereby improvement in margins and 
profitability for the year as a whole? Or we should have to -- we need to wait for another quarter 
to get that understanding clear. How are we seeing the landscape for us for this financial year? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
I would say that we need to wait for at least another quarter to clear all the confusion with the 
tariffs and everything. And then also, we need to see like Kishan was mentioning, how the post 
monsoon scenario is going to develop. We think that it will be slightly -- it will be flat or slightly 
lower compared to last year. But unless something goes drastically wrong, we should be putting 
in a good performance. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Can we close the call because we already exceeded the time. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Sailesh Raja: for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Sir, would you like to make any closing comments, Nagaraja sir? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Again, thank you very much for calling into this earnings call. Really appreciate it. I know that 
there are a lot of questions out there with regards to the new models that we have put in there. 
What I would like to assure every investor is that the Automotive Axles interest have been 
always taken care of. That is the highest priority. And at the same time, we also want to ensure 
that we kind of respect the legal requirements like arm's length deal with the related party and 
everything. 
 
So we have a very strong legal team. We take their advice before we make any of these decisions. 
So whatever the investment we are doing, it is going to really help us to improve our position, 
improve our share of business at the end of the day, improve our profitability and net worth of 
our company. So please have -- continue to have our confidence in us. We will continue to do 
our best to meet your expectations. Thank you. 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
