 
   Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
(Formerly known as TI Financial Holdings Limited) 
 
 
 
Dare House, 234, N.S.C Bose Road, Chennai - 600 001, India Tel: 91.44.4217 7770-5  
Fax: 91.44.42110404 Website: www.cholafhl.com CIN -L65100TN1949PLC002905 
 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol : CHOLAHLDNG 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited, 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code : 504973 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘the Listing Regulations’) 
This is further to our letter dated August 1, 2025 on the schedule of Analyst/ Investor meet. Pursuant 
to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the transcript of the 
call held with analysts and investors on Friday, August 8, 2025 is made available on the Company’s 
website at https://www.cholafhl.com/investors/investor-meet.  
We request you to take the above on record.  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for CHOLAMANDALAM FINANCIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 
 
 
 
E KRITHIKA 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Krithi
ka E
Digitally signed 
by Krithika E 
Date: 
2025.08.14 
11:33:47 +05'30'

Classification: Public 
Page 1 of 6 
 
 
 
 
 
“Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2025 
    
  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRIDHARAN RANGARAJAN -- NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR -- CHOLAMANDALAM FINANCIAL 
HOLDINGS LIMITED 
 
N. GANESH -- MANAGER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER -- CHOLAMANDALAM FINANCIAL HOLDINGS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. V. SURYANARAYANAN -- MANAGING DIRECTOR -- 
CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE 
 
MR. S. VENUGOPALAN -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- 
CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PARTH JARIWALA -- DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 

                                                      Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited                      
 
                 August 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 6 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Cholamandalam Financial Holdings hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parth 
Jariwala from DAM Capital Advisors Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Parth Jariwala: 
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26, Cholamandalam Financial Holdings 
Limited Earnings Call. From the management, we have; Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan, Non-
Executive Director, Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited; Mr. N. Ganesh, Manager and 
CFO, Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited; Mr. V. Suryanarayanan, Managing Director, 
Cholamandalam MS General Insurance; Mr. S. Venugopalan, Chief Financial Officer, 
Cholamandalam MS General Insurance. 
 
I'll now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks, post which we can open 
the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
Good evening. This is Suryanarayanan. Thanks for joining the earnings conference call of Chola 
Financial Holdings for the quarter ended June '25. I'll now proceed with the overview of the 
performance for the quarter ended June. In Q1, in line with the 1/n method of accounting and 
reporting of gross domestic premium in India, with respect to long-term non-motor business, 
Chola MS recorded a premium of around INR1,812 crores. 
 
The premium received in advance on long-term non-motor products was INR102 crores. 
Together with the reinsurance inward business, the GWP for Q1 was INR1,997 crores as against 
INR1,945 crores in the corresponding quarter of previous year. In motor, the principal line of 
business for the company, the market share stood at 5.2%. Within motor, the company now has 
a composition of 50% in cars, 38% in CVs and 12% in 2-wheelers. 
 
The company secured about 25% of its total motor premium from new vehicles. The expense of 
management for Chola MS for the quarter stood at 32%, which measured without 1/n works out 
to 30.4% and is lower than the glide path, the plan approved by the Board and presented to the 
regulator way back in 2023. The EOM for the corresponding quarter of previous year was 33.3%. 
The claims ratio for the quarter at 81% is higher than the corresponding quarter of the previous 
year. 
 
Recognizing the rising severity in court awards and third-party claims and the continued absence 
of increase in motor third-party premium for the last 3 to 4 years, Chola MS has stepped up its 
motor third-party reserving during the quarter, which had an impact on the overall claims ratio 
by about 3.53%. 

                                                      Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited                      
 
                 August 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 6 
 
 
The quarter's claim ratios in property lines was also impacted by a few large fire claims, which 
impacted the claims ratio by about 1.78%. This meant that the combined ratio for the quarter 
was 114.8% and without the 1/n effect at 111.5%. The combined ratio includes the impact of the 
motor third-party reserving augmentation and the large fire claims, which together is about 
5.11% for the quarter. 
 
The investment portfolio corpus at over INR18,140 crores, which is excluding the fair value 
change. The company had mark-to-market gains in both the debt and equity portfolios 
amounting to over INR690 crores. The profit before tax for the quarter was at INR145 crores 
and the return on equity not annualized at 3.45%, solvency ratio at 2.17x as at 30th June is 
comfortable. 
 
We'll now be happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, 81% loss ratio, honestly, is significantly very high compared to what you historically 
reported and even in the COVID times, the number in the worst quarter was around 80 to 83 
percentage. So just wanted to understand -- you highlighted that there are 2 things that is one big 
claims, 1.78 percentage and maybe motor TP reserving you enhance. 
So even if I ignore those 2 numbers, you reporting maybe some 77%, 78% kind of a loss ratio 
seems to be very high compared to what you reported around 70 to 73 percentage in the past. So 
just wanted to understand whether things will be better in subsequent quarters? Or if any 
corrective actions you have taken to bring it back to 70 to 73 percentage in the loss ratio? That's 
my first question. 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
Yes, Sanketh, as was remarked in the opening statement, the twin elements of stepping up the 
motor third-party and the fire losses that impact is about 5.11%. So what we are talking of is 
81% minus 5.11%, which is at about 76%. 
So this is about 2% to 3% higher than our normal average of anywhere between 72.5% or 73%. 
The contributing element is of course the elevated loss ratios in the motor OD segment. And of 
course, many of you have been part of the investor calls of listed and other entities as well. 
 
The sector has seen even for the larger players, somewhere about 4% to 5% rise in the motor 
OD claims ratios, which is prevalent in many of the companies that we have seen. We have also 
had this impact which is there. Some corrective action has been taken. And generally, it is 
elevated in Q1 and then drops down through the other quarter. 
So we only believe that as we move on to the rest of the quarters, we should see some relief 
coming in, in this space. But otherwise, I think it's fairly normal. 

                                                      Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited                      
 
                 August 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 6 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Got it, sir. Sir, this motor TP reserve enhancement what you did 80.4% loss ratio. So you 
absorbed everything in the current quarter or you expect this 80.4% to remain as the new normal 
for a subsequent quarter or will go back to the 70, 72 percentage kind of number because 
whatever you wanted to provide you provided in the current quarter itself. 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
It may not go back to that 72% level, but it can be lower than this number. But then, see, what 
we have to recognize is that the industry has not had any increase over a fairly long period. And 
the severity inflation is real. Sport awards are going on. So if any company manages to hold on 
to its TP reserves continuously at that same level for a long period, it only means 2 things. 
 
Either there is a release from the earlier years, or quarterly deviation in loss ratios due to various 
reasons. Some quarterly fluctuation that they are reflecting in the reported numbers for the 
quarter. We would leave that to the respective companies. But it is in the context of absence of 
rise in premium, the right direction for the motor TP is actually to inch up from the earlier levels. 
And I guess we are doing the right thing in that perspective. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, sir. Sir, but suppose there is a lot of chatter that -- price hike will come and assume it 
comes, maybe I don't know what the number would be. Is it fair to assume that then there could 
be a meaningful improvement in the loss ratio because there could be some bit of price 
adequacy? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
One could expect that, yes. But then today, while there are press reports talking of the increase 
from a prospective date, we really have to wait and see as to whether it fructifies. But as and 
when the price increase happens, I'm sure this will get toned down. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Got it, sir. And the second question which I want to ask is that, sir, last year when you 
did the reinsurance accepted business at overall company level, it was just 2 percentage of the 
total GWP. 
In the current quarter, it is almost 9 percentage of current GWP. I don't know whether it's a new 
normal for the full year? That's the first question what I have, whether this is the new normal for 
the full year, 9 percentage, 10 percentage of the total GWP? Point number one. 
 
And second is that in which segments you are seeing this business growing? And related to it, is 
it because of EOM pressure, maybe to some extent you are doing this business or otherwise, 
you're seeing a profit -- a very big profit opportunity and that's why you're doing it? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
See, actually, Sanketh, I guess, we can expect this number to be around this level, about 8% to 
10% is something that we can expect it through the year. And it is actually a combination. So 
one, there are profitable opportunities that also come through. And then incidentally, it may also 
bring in the EOM advantage and support there, which is what the Board has taken a view and 
accordingly, we have stepped up the presence in this segment. So it's likely to be around that 8% 
to 10% range. 

                                                      Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited                      
 
                 August 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 6 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
And which segments are driving in reinsurance acceptance, basically... 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
It can be across lines of business, not necessarily in a particular line. It will be across lines of 
businesses. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. But this is again asking more it will be commercial like property fire and crop 
predominantly, sir? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
It will be across lines. See, for instance, the number that you talked, last year, we had something 
in crop this year, it can be in other lines. It will be across lines of business. 
Moderator: 
We have a next follow-up question from Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Only 2 points what I have incrementally to ask. One is on health side, sir, again, hedging maybe 
I asked you this question last time also that loss ratios don't see a respite at all because we used 
to be 70-ish, now we are 80-ish. And we told in the past that we have taken corrective price 
action. Is it largely because PA contribution has come down? Or any other reason why this -- 
optically the ratios have gone up? That's one thing. 
 
And then the second thing, just wanted to understand on crop side, bulk of our business, if I 
remember right, was Maharashtra, and Maharashtra probably has gone to AIC this year. So any 
outlook you want to give on the growth either on a full n basis or 1/n basis, given crop won't be 
there in such a big way in the current year? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
Thanks, Sanketh. I'll first take the crop question. Yes, we are fairly aware that based on the 
retenders in 3 states, Maharashtra, Bengal and Odisha and the revised pricing at which the 
business has got concluded, the industry is likely to face almost a INR9,000 crore drop in the 
total premium in the crop insurance. 
And as business has shifted more from the private sector players to AIC to a larger extent, at 
least in Maharashtra, we are likely to see a drop in premium for multiline players generally and 
which is already manifested to an extent in the numbers reported by the industry for July. 
 
Chola MS also had last year about INR500 crores of premium from crop last year, which will 
not be there for the current year. So this drop annualized is about INR500 crores. We will see it 
unfold and as at June, it was about INR50 crores and maybe as at July, it's about INR145 crores. 
So this drop will definitely be there for Chola MS. We are looking at alternate avenues to step 
up and make good this shortfall. So this is on the crop side. 
Sanketh Godha: 
But sir, related to that, your growth outlook for the company for the full year, if you are okay to 
share that number? Maybe because last year, GWP what we did was around INR8,300-odd 
crores, given INR500 crores -- you are starting with negative INR500 crores or INR7,800 crores 
kind of a number, whether we will be able to deliver INR8,300 crores kind of figure again in the 
current year? 

                                                      Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited                      
 
                 August 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 6 
 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
That's our intent. we'll have to see. Of course, the competitive intensity in the market is quite 
high with the kind of discounts and payouts. So we'll have to see that because we are very clear 
that we won't be chasing top line. So the inherent economic viability of the business is what will 
drive our appetite. But then, yes, nobody likes to have a drop, which is what we will want to 
work on. So this is on the crop side. 
 
And moving on to the health side question that you had. It is a fact that our volumes in PA have 
been toned down a bit given the EOM and other considerations, which is also a reason for the 
company had related loss ratios. But then we have written some group health in the quarter 1 
though, still we continue to be fairly low, probably fourth from the bottom in terms of the group 
health volume of business. 
 
And there, I should say that perhaps we are also making provisions conservatively there. We 
will only wait for the time to tell as to how this pans out. So generally, I think we have been 
prudent when it comes to claims and claims provisioning, which is also reflected in the higher 
LRs. We will see it as the next quarter unfolds and perhaps at the half year stage, we will have 
a much clearer picture. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, sir. So basically, just again, simplifying the question that last year, you were at 110 
combined. Honestly, first quarter was a little on the higher side. Is it fair to tell that will you be 
able to end up a couple of percentage higher than what you reported last year? Or you think 
you're confident to deliver a similar kind of combined for this year -- in the current year, I mean 
to say, closer to 110 kind of a number? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
See, there, you also have to see the change happening in the EOM number. So if you are to go 
to the slide in  Page 46, and we have presented both the expense of management level on a full 
premium and on 1/n premium. You will see that from 33.3%, it has come down to about 30.4%. 
So there is a 2% reduction which has happened in the cost absorption. So our intent will also be 
to continue and maintain that trend. And when that happens, it can possibly start reflecting even 
on the COR. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
Yes. Thanks for -- thanks to everyone for joining in the call. Stay safe. Stay healthy. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
