HCL Technologies Ltd.  
Technology Hub, Special Economic Zone  
Plot No. 3A, Sector 126, NOIDA– 201304, UP, India  
t: +91 120 4306000 
f: +91 120 4680330 
Corporate Identity Number: L74140DL1991PLC046369 
Registered Office:   
806 Siddharth, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi -110009, India 
July 17, 2025 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532281 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
NSE Scrip Code: HCLTECH 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on July 14, 2025 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, enclosed please find a copy of the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held 
on July 14, 2025, post the announcement of the financial results of the Company for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2025.  
The is also available on our Company’s website https://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations. 
 This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
For HCL Technologies Limited 
Manish Anand 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: a/a 
MANISH 
ANAND
Digitally signed by 
MANISH ANAND 
Date: 2025.07.17 
14:13:40 +05'30'

 
 
 
“HCLTech’s Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. C. Vijayakumar – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Mr. Shiv Walia – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Ramachandran Sundararajan – Chief People Officer 
Mr. Vijay Guntur – Chief Technology Officer 
Mr. Nitin Mohta – Senior Vice President & Head - Investor Relations 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to HCLTech’s Q1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the “listen-only” mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal the operator 
by pressing "*", and then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Mohta, Head - Investor Relations. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good morning and good evening, everyone. A very warm 
welcome to HCLTech’s Q1 FY26 Earnings Call. 
We have with us Mr. C. Vijayakumar – CEO and Managing Director, HCLTech; Mr. 
Shiv Walia – Chief Financial Officer; along with the broader Leadership Team to 
discuss the performance of the Company during the quarter, followed by a Q&A. 
In the course of this call, certain statements that will be made are forward-
looking, which involve a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such 
forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements made herein are 
based upon information presently available to the Management, and the 
Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that 
may be made in the course of this call. 
In this regard, please do review the safe harbor statements in the formal investor 
release documents, and all the factors that can cause the difference.  
Over to you, CVK. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Nitin. Hello, everyone. Hope all of you are doing well. Thank you for 
joining us today for our FY26 Q1 Earnings Call. 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
Let me start with the business performance for the quarter: 
Historically, Q1 has been a soft quarter for HCLTech, which is something all of 
you know. During this quarter, our revenue increased by 3.7% on a year-on-year 
basis, while declining 0.8% sequentially. 
The growth rates I mentioned and would be referring to today are all in constant 
currency. This year-on-year growth was driven by several verticals, including 
Technology and Services, Telecom and Media, Retail and CPG, and Financial 
Services. The ramp-up in March within the Tech vertical has significantly 
contributed to this robust growth in the Technology and Services vertical. 
Geographically, it was driven by the rest of the world as well as Europe. During 
the quarter, the environment remained stable at an overall level, while there 
were some variations across verticals, and it did not deteriorate as feared at the 
start of the quarter. Our operating margin came in at 16.3% and was lower than 
our plan. 
Q1 is seasonally the weakest quarter of the fiscal year, and the below-plan 
operating margin was driven by 3 factors. One, our utilization dropped during 
the quarter, as we built capacity in March for specialized skills, and a large deal 
that is taking time to ramp up. This utilization drop was also due to ramp-down 
in specific areas like automotive. In addition, the people that were released due 
to productivity benefits could not be redeployed due to skill and location 
mismatch.  
The second aspect was a one-off impact from a client bankruptcy.  
And third and lastly, even though we have been hit by these unforeseen 
challenges, we remain committed to making investments in AI and go-to-
market capabilities. In fact, given the growth momentum we are currently 
enjoying, we accelerated and pulled forward some of our Generative AI 
investments and the platform efforts that we are working on.  
Coming to our segmental performance: 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
Our Services business grew at 4.5% year-on-year, while declining 0.1% 
sequentially. Our IT and Business Services grew 3% year-on-year, and our 
Engineering and R&D Services grew 11.8% year-on-year. 
HCL Software had a weak quarter after several quarters of good performance. 
It declined 3% year-on-year. However, the Annual Recurring Revenue, ARR 
stood at $1.06 billion, a 1.3% increase year-on-year. This augurs well for the 
future as we consciously are working to improve subscription for the SaaS 
revenues. 
In terms of geographies: 
During the quarter, USA grew 0.5%, while Europe grew 9.6%, Rest of the World 
grew 15%, and India grew 1.3% all year-on-year. 
Our top performing verticals were Technology and Services, which grew at 
13.7%, Telecom and Media at 13%, Retail CPG at 8.2%, and Financial Services at 
6.8% year-on-year. 
During the quarter, we made healthy additions to our client portfolio across 
verticals and geographies. We added 6 in the $50 million category, also added 
11 in the $20 million category on a year-on-year basis. 
On a QoQ basis, we had a lot of clients across categories, including 2 in $50 
million category, 6 in $20 million plus category, 4 in $10 million plus category, 
and 8 in $1 million plus category. This is a very impressive execution, and it also 
sets us well for future growth. 
Coming to bookings: 
We had a decent quarter. In terms of numbers, our net new booking for the 
quarter was $1.8 billion. We also won a large consolidation opportunity in the 
Financial Services vertical this quarter. This is not accounted for in the TCV value 
for Q1. You will recall, we had a couple of large deals in the pipeline which we 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
were expecting to close in Q1. These deals have moved into Q2, and this delay is 
unrelated to external factors. 
We are optimistic about their conversion, and if all goes as per plan, the TCV 
number should see a step-up next quarter. The booking was well balanced 
across service lines, geographies, and verticals, as you would notice in the 
investor release. 
Happy to note our portfolio is incrementally getting more balanced than it was 
even a few years ago. We continue to win more in Digital business and 
Engineering Services, an agenda we had set for ourselves as a part of a medium-
term roadmap.  
Our pipeline continues to remain strong. Our Digital business is seeing a number 
of large deals due to an engineering-led approach, and a very strong client 
conviction of our AI propositions and Data and AI capabilities. 
Our focus on application modernization and longstanding strength is a key 
contributor to our success and the strong growth in our pipeline. We are 
doubling down on this trend by incorporating AI at the core of this proposition. 
Additionally, we are investing in an AI-driven data lifecycle management 
platform. There is a healthy demand for efficiency-led deals across the board. 
Discretionary spending varies across verticals. If I break it down to the vertical 
level, Financial Services and Technology are showing promise; while we see 
Public Services and Telecom to be stable; while we see some stress in 
Manufacturing, driven by Auto, Life Sciences, Retail, and CPG segments. 
Clients are continuing to look for AI-led transformational propositions, be it in 
software development or IT operation services. The share of AI and Gen AI 
continue to grow as they become central to nearly every deal. Gen AI is now 
central to IT Services strategy; Agentic AI is gaining traction, especially in 
operational efficiency and accelerating application modernization programs. 
On the people front: 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
Our count stood at 223,151, which is a slight reduction of 269. Our IT Services 
voluntary attrition on an LTM basis stood at 12.8%, lower compared to the 
previous quarter.  
On our AI-Gen AI related progress: 
I wanted to update you on 3 strategic dimensions: 
1. 
Ecosystem. 
2. Offerings. 
3. Client engagement. 
On the first axis is the maturity of our enabling ‘Ecosystem’ consisting of our 
people and partners. Our market momentum has ensured that we are perceived 
as a very attractive partner to leading tech OEMs, ISVs, hyperscalers, and 
pioneers like OpenAI.  
During the quarter, we announced a strategic partnership with OpenAI to drive 
large-scale enterprise AI transformation as one of the first strategic services 
partners. We are well positioned to take advantage of the Enterprise AI spend 
as we work on developing the most comprehensive AI ecosystem. 
Similarly, this quarter, we announced a partnership with UiPath to accelerate 
agentic automation, launched a suite of agentic AI solutions in collaboration 
with Google Cloud, and integrated NVIDIA AI Enterprise with AI Force and 
NVIDIA Omniverse with a physical AI solution, SmartTwin.  
As a testimonial to this maturing momentum, we have received many leadership 
citations in AI and data this quarter. We were named a market leader in HFS 
Horizons Generative Enterprise Services 2025 Report. ISG recognized us as a 
leader in Advanced Analytics and AI services. We were cited as a leader in IDC’s 
MarketSpace for Worldwide Data Modernization Services 2024 Vendor 
Assessment. We were also recognized as a Microsoft Responsible AI Partner, 
and we won top honors at AWS GenAI Premier League Awards 2025. 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
On the second dimension of ‘Offering Maturity’ – HCLTech was first to launch a 
full stack AI portfolio featuring AI Force, AI Foundry, AI Labs, and AI Engineering. 
These offerings are designed to drive end-to-end service transformation and 
value stream innovation for our clients. 
Some key aspects: 
Our AI Force platform is now deployed across 35 clients and 70 plus 
deployments and is the key solution enabler for several of our new wins. AI 
Engineering is gaining good traction in physical and kinetic AI or robotics 
domains, while our data and cognitive infrastructure offerings have gathered 
momentum in the AI Foundry cluster. AI Labs are now moving to the next level, 
building CoEs with partners and clients in niche and emerging tech areas. 
We are advancing our portfolio of industry-focused repeatable solutions across 
verticals. These offerings are developed with a strong governance framework to 
ensure enterprise readiness and compliance. 
Building on FY25 innovation momentum, our platforms such as Contact Center 
as a Service, NetInsight, Trade Compliance, InsightGen, and Clinical Advisor are 
maturing, while next wave solutions like Invoice-to-Payment and Lab-as-a-
Service are being launched. These initiatives are designed to accelerate time-
to-value and deliver measurable ROI. 
HCL Software is making significant progress on Agentic AI, UnO, Agentic 
Builder, and Orchestration platform to build the agents, introduce the Max AI in 
HCL Unica Plus for smarter decision-making, and hyper personalized and real-
time campaigns. 
Commerce AI in HCL Commerce to build agents that augment complex testing 
and reduce manual effort. 
On the third and last dimension of ‘Client Engagements’ – we are witnessing the 
size of our engagements increasing steadily from exploratory POCs to strategic 
multimillion-dollar partnerships. Some key examples from Q1 reflect this 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
momentum, like we signed a multimillion-dollar engagement with one of the 
largest Australian logistics companies for AI-led service transformation using AI 
Force. 
A leading Europe-based telecommunication Company selected HCLTech to 
modernize its technology and operations stack. The partnership will enable 
zero-touch operations through hyper-automation powered by Gen-AI. 
HCLTech will leverage its AI Force platform to modernize applications at scale 
and introduce Agentic AI for proactive issue resolution and integrated data 
intelligence. 
A Europe-based automotive major selected HCLTech to deploy workplace 
management and agentic AI solutions to enhance operational efficiency and 
service quality, improve customer experience, and support new technologies. 
A global sports body partnered with HCLTech to create a Gen-AI-powered 
commentary platform to revolutionize live match broadcasting. This AI-driven 
solution analyzes live feeds, identifies key events, and provides real-time 
insights, enhancing storytelling with summaries during all game phases. The 
platform built on HCLTech’s AI Foundry’s scalable cloud infrastructure, 
supports multiple data streams. 
A global aerospace major partnered with HCLTech to develop a Vision AI 
solution that optimizes cargo container placement in aircrafts. Leveraging 
HCLTech’s AI engineering and intelligent automation capabilities, the solution 
aims to improve load distribution, space usage, and cargo operations. 
A Japan-based global imaging leader partnered with HCLTech to develop a 
Gen-AI-powered camera setting recommendations engine. Powered by 
HCLTech’s AI Engineering, the solution develops real-time personalized photo 
recommendations using live data, leveraging advanced LLMs and unique 
HCLTech frameworks.  

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
We continue to win a lot of recognitions and accolades from the market, 
analysts and partner and investor community. I think a couple of these that were 
announced this quarter are must-know, as it has a significant impact on our 
shareholder value creation. We are the only service provider positioned as 
customers’ choice in all 6 Gartner Voice of the Customer Quadrant evaluations 
related to IT services. This is the first time any service provider has achieved this. 
Equally important is the fact that no other service provider is in this quadrant for 
more than one category.  
Just to mention the 6 to help appreciate how much of the IT landscape of an 
enterprise is covered, when you add these: 
1. 
Public Cloud IT Transformation services. 
2. Custom Software Development Services. 
3. Data Center and Hybrid Infrastructure Managed Services. 
4. Outsource Digital Workplace Services. 
5. Managed Network Services. 
6. Cloud ERP Services. 
I would like to thank all our employees that make this and many more such 
recognition possible. 
HCLTech figured among Asia’s Most Honored in Extel’s 2025 executive team 
rankings. For the second year running HCLTech was the most decorated India 
headquartered IT services Company in the survey. It achieved 17 top 3 rankings 
across overall buy side and sell side categories in Technology, IT services and 
Software sector, out of which 9 were number 1 rankings. Humbled by all your 
strong belief and support. Thank you. 
Looking ahead, we are improving our revenue guidance now for FY26 to 3% to 
5% in constant currency, based on better Q1 performance and the outlook for 
the remaining quarters.  

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
On margin guidance, we are adjusting our EBIT guidance to 17% to 18%, due to 
the factors I mentioned earlier: 
1. 
The unanticipated impact in Q1 for reasons I mentioned earlier, and 
which could continue partly into Q2. 
2. Investments in Sales and Marketing and AI capabilities to address the 
growth momentum. 
3. We plan to execute a restructuring program, both on people and non-
people side during the rest of this fiscal year. The one-time costs 
because of this are baked into the above guidance. We are doing this to 
provide us the structural agility to address the market demand in the AI 
era. 
We are optimistic about meeting our revised guidance, supported by superior 
revenue growth, positive booking expectations for the coming quarters. This 
outlook is further reinforced by our consistent track record of strong 
operational execution demonstrated over the last several years. 
Now, I would request Shiv to walk you through more details on the numbers. 
Shiv Walia: 
Thank you, CVK. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to all of you. 
Thank you for joining our Q1 FY26 earnings call. 
Let me walk you through our financial performance for the quarter. 
Starting with the revenue performance: 
Total revenue for the quarter is $3,545 million, a 0.8% decline quarter on quarter 
and a growth of 3.7% year-on-year in constant currency terms. With this, our 
revenue has crossed the milestone of LTM revenue of $14 billion.  
Services revenue for the quarter came in at $3,227 million, which is a decline of 
0.1% quarter-on-quarter, and a growth of 4.5% year-on-year in constant 
currency terms. The strength of our all-weather portfolio helped us offset the 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
headwinds from the usual Q1 seasonality. Software revenue for the quarter is 
$330 million, a drop of 3% year-on-year in constant currency terms. 
Let me share the details on profitability now: 
Our EBIT is $578 million at 16.3% of revenue. The net income for the quarter is 
$440 million at 12.7% of revenue. This quarter, we traded short-term pain in 
profitability to secure our long-term growth leadership. Q1 margins usually have 
a negative impact due to seasonality for us. This time, it was amplified due to 3 
factors that CVK just called out. It is important to note that we did not cut back 
on our investments in sales, Gen AI and people capacity to secure growth. 
Now, on the margin bridge explaining the same: 
The Company margins dropped by 161 basis points quarter-on-quarter. The 
higher sales and marketing investment had 30 basis points impact. Lower 
utilization due to specialized hiring and skill and location mismatch challenges 
cost us 80 basis points. One-off impacts during this quarter, which include a 
client bankruptcy had 30 basis point impact. Other major factors such as lower 
share of software in the revenue mix had 20 basis point impact. We did not get 
any benefit from the forex this quarter. 
Project Ascend is on track and was instrumental in helping negate the impact 
of increased average resource cost. 
Now, moving on to Return on Invested Capital, which is ROIC: 
Our ROIC continues to improve. Thanks to our ongoing focus on profitability and 
efficient capital management. The last 12 months ROIC is at 38.1% for the 
Company up 353 basis points year-on-year and services ROIC now is at 45.2% 
up 236 basis points year-on-year. The software continued to improve with ROIC 
at 20.8% up 473 basis points year-on-year. 
Let me share the details on our strong cash generation: 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
Over the last 12 months, operating cash flow is at $2.57 billion, while free cash 
flow amounted to $2.42 billion. Operating cash flow to net income conversion 
is 129% and free cash flow to net income is 121%. Our balance sheet continues to 
strengthen with gross cash at $3.46 billion and net cash at $3.19 billion. Our total 
DSO, including unbilled, is currently at 82 days, flat on year-on-year basis. 
Now to the shareholder: 
The diluted EPS for the last 12 months came in at Rs. 62.57, which is up 3.4% 
year-on-year. The Board has declared an interim dividend of Rs. 12 per share for 
the quarter. The record date is 18th of July 2025 and the payment of the same 
shall be on 28th of July 2025. That brings our last 12 months payout to Rs. 60 per 
share, effectively distributing 95.8% of our net income. 
That is all from my side for now and I would like to hand over the session to our 
moderator for the Q&A session. Thank you. Over to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our 
first question comes from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please go 
ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congrats on good revenue performance. 
CVK, the way you described your utilization mismatch, it seemed like more of a 
timing issue for a deal, at least in part. So, then are you expecting these margins 
to probably exit this year closer to back to our original range? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I think we are very clear. We are not setting, structurally, the margin bar 
lower. I think it will continue to be 19%-20%. In the next 3 quarters, obviously for 
all the reasons that we explained, there is going to be certain headwinds. So, this 
year, we will be between 17% and 18%. 
Ravi Menon: 
Right. And it looks like Hi-Tech, you saw really good growth sequentially, even 
one of your peers reported they have also seen decent growth there. And this is 
a segment that I think the whole cost cutting started back in 2023, right? So, 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
should we think of this as a good sign of a cyclical recovery in this sector? Or is 
it still too early to call it that? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, as I called out, we are looking at a strong demand in Financial Services and 
Tech and Services verticals. And this quarter, of course, the growth in Tech 
vertical also, it is very broad based, but definitely the 6% kind of sequential 
growth is driven by one large deal where we had on-boarded the entire team in 
March, exactly on 6th of March. And of course, this is a very cutting-edge 
solution on contact center transformation using Conversational AI and this will 
require this talent base to be deployed, and we had some good success in the 
1st quarter, but the ramp up has been gradual. We think it will ramp up fully in 
the 2nd quarter and in the 3rd quarter, we should be fully optimally performing 
on this team. Outside that, structurally, the tech vertical continues to give us a 
lot of confidence, so FS and Tech, definitely strong, we see some concerns in 
other verticals like Auto in Manufacturing, Retail, CPG and Life Sciences, there 
is pressure, but rest of the verticals looks okay to me. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you so much. Shiv, one follow-up. You were saying that there is no gain 
in the margins from forex, so I thought there was a sharp depreciation of the 
Rupee against both the Euro and Pound. So, why have we not seen any uplift 
from that? 
Shiv Walia: 
So, this quarter, we did have some gain in Euro, but that was offset by some loss 
in the INR depreciating versus previous quarter. The cost base we have is INR in 
India, so that is why they both kind of offset each other. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
And usually any appreciation in Euro or Pound translates to very little in terms 
of margin improvement for us because our costs are quite significantly there 
onshore as well. 
Ravi Menon: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you. 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sudheer from Kotak Mahindra 
Asset Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer: 
Thanks, CVK for the opportunity. The first question on margin front, if we look at 
the full year guidance downgrade by around 100 basis points, how much of that 
downgrade can be attributable to one-off factors, be it client bankruptcy 
impact plus restructuring impact, how much can be attributable to the 
utilization mismatch issue and how much can be attributable to pulling forward 
of AI investments? 
Shiv Walia: 
Sudheer, I will just give the walk. In Q1, the margin is 80 basis points lower versus 
the last year. So, the full year impact of this dip is 20 basis points; higher sales 
and S&M investment, we expect, is going to have an impact of 13 basis points; 
utilization, which is one of the factors we had impacting Q1, is going to have 
some follow on impact in the subsequent quarters and we expect that to have 
an impact of 10-20 basis points; and the restructuring cost, which also CVK 
talked about, would have an impact of 30-40 basis points in the subsequent 
quarter. Putting together all, it is around 100 basis point impact year-on-year. 
Sudheer: 
Understood, sir. And to Ravi’s question earlier, I think CVK mentioned that 
probably the exit margin would be closer to our aspirational range of 19%-20%, 
that looks like a steep pass over the next 3 quarters. So, any thoughts on how 
we would be reaching there? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Just look at it like a full year margin because quarter-on-quarter margin has a 
lot of cyclicality for us, like Q3 will peak and Q4 will dip. The comment I made 
was that on a normalized basis, we would be closer to our desired range. And 
there are multiple levers, like even the utilization, as Shiv mentioned. We 
obviously had a big gap in this quarter. It would significantly moderate in Q2 and 
in Q3 we should be in line with the expected margins. A lot of these restructuring 
costs would be mostly in Q2 and a little bit in Q3. That is the color that we can 
provide and the rest of it is in a normal cyclical seasonality in our business. 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
Sudheer: 
Very much, sir. And just one last question as AI adoption involves more into an 
Agentic AI level, there is a talk about a potentially big data center refresh as the 
current data centers are not equipped with a capacity to handle AI workloads. 
What is your view on this? And given our strong presence in IMS, what are we 
doing to potentially leverage on this thing? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, we have launched the cognitive infrastructure proposition, and we are 
already seeing some early wins in this. We had one marquee win in the last 
quarter, which we will probably announce during this quarter more formally. And 
we think it is a big opportunity, but obviously, we don’t want to play in the assets 
kind of game. We are totally focused on services and so we worked with a lot of 
partners to deliver, GPU as a service and things like that. We also see a lot of 
traction at the Edge infrastructure, Edge AI, we see good traction and we see 
that as well as a big tailwind. But I think the pickup is going to be gradual. Even 
a lot of customers who are deploying Edge AI, they are starting with one factory, 
one big location and then based on success and all the proof points they will 
expand to other locations. So, it will be a gradual ramp up and I definitely see 
that as a big strength and capability of ours, which will really come to our big 
help in this particular space. 
Sudheer: 
Thank you, sir. All the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhishek Pathak from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Hi, team. Congrats on a good quarter. So, just to double click on the margins, do 
we expect the AI investments to continue into FY27 as well? I ask that because 
should I be expecting FY27 margins to again operate in the 18%-19% ballpark or 
are we rebasing the expectations a little bit because the investments I am sure 
will be slightly higher than what we are building in right now? That is the first 
question. And the second question CVK was around revenue conversion from 
deals. Did you expect that or rather did you see that getting slightly better in Q1 
and do you expect that to improve in the next couple of quarters considering a 
couple of deals that we were supposed to win have spilled over, should we 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
expect those deals to pick up and ramp up quicker than earlier, which means 
the revenue impact will be much better as compared to earlier. So, those are 
two questions. Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Abhishek, the investments are in Gen AI and little more expansion in our go-to-
market teams. Obviously, as with every investment, these are people capability, 
platform build, and of course, a lot of token costs  All of that is baked into this. 
We think it will normalize because growth will also catch up and these 
investments will catch up. Our expectation is in the next financial year, which is 
FY27, it should normalize and we will be back to our SG&A percentage. That is 
what we expect on the investment front.  
Revenue conversion depends on the timing of closure. Since the closure of 
these two deals moved from Q1 to Q2, the impact of this through this year would 
reduce, but what is encouraging is the discretionary spend in a couple of 
verticals, especially FS and Technology. We feel good because our earlier 
assumption was environment will deteriorate because we were really talking 
about the impact of tariffs in the beginning of last quarter. But we did not see 
that kind of deterioration. So, that is positive. But these two deals moving to Q2 
is little bit of headwind on the overall revenue, but we feel very comfortable with 
our 3%-5% guidance. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Got it. Thanks and all the best. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question is pertaining to this 
restructuring charge. CVK, what is driving this restructuring? Is it to do with the 
fact that the evolution of services is changing in terms of how contracts are 
restructured, location agnostic services are happening and hence some 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
restructuring on the onsite conditions, just trying to understand is it pertaining 
to the pay services business? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think it is a combination of both. I think the first aspect is some of the 
acquisitions that we did in the past. Of course, we have done the integration, 
but we were not really clinical about facilities and other cost rationalization. So, 
that is one and Automotive has seen a ramp down and we are not looking at a 
very quick recovery here. And even if the recovery is happening, the skills 
required are really more offshore based capabilities, so we see some 
restructuring is required there. So, these two are things which we were waiting 
to see if things will pick up and we don’t believe it is picking up and even if it is 
picking up, it is not going to be in the right location. So, we are going to take 
some firm decisions on this. The second aspect is what you talked about. Of 
course, we have had a good amount of people released due to the productivity 
improvements. Now, not all of them are readily redeployable because the 
requirements for some of the entry level or lower end skills are being addressed 
through Automation and other elements. So, the training and the redeployment 
time is longer. Some of them will get redeployed, but some of them, it may not 
be possible. So, some amount of change in the industry is also kind of causing 
this. But as we adjust to this, a lot of proactive trainings are happening. So, as 
we adjust to this, we see this moderate because we are also looking at people 
who could get potentially released, who should be upskilled and things like that 
much more proactively now. Given that we have seen a good cycle of 
optimization led releases. So, I think in the future, this should get adjusted in the 
normal course of business. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. Second question on the talent strategy, we did talk about accelerating 
the intake of freshers last quarter and we kind of saw that happening this 
quarter. What we kind of hear is that because of the productivity gain, a lot of 
the junior level jobs are getting automated, but at the same time, we are seeing 
an increased intake of the fresher. So, how do we reconcile what is really 
happening and eventually how do you think the overall pyramid will shape up 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
over the next 3-5 years, keeping in mind the reputable solutions that you are 
building in, the platforms that you are building? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I will request Ram, our Chief People Officer, to respond. 
R. Sundararajan: 
Yes, sure, CVK. So, we are calibrating our approach. This is something that we 
have been talking about for a couple of quarters now. One calibration that we 
are doing is we are focusing more on specialization. So, our fresher intake is no 
longer, just based on numbers, it is based on skills and specialization, so that is 
one level of calibration that we have done in terms of how we are approaching 
the fresher hiring program itself. We have also reindexed our composition plans 
as well for our freshers while the regular cadre in the India context the base 
compensation is Rs. 4.25 lakhs. The specialist or the elite category that we do 
now is in the range of 3x higher than the base composition that we do on the 
services side. On the software side, it’s upwards of 4x of the base composition 
that we do. So, there is extreme level of specialization that we are focused on, 
and we are attracting talent by also revising our compensation plan. So, there’s 
significant amount of work that has happened over the last 6-8 months to 
overhaul and recalibrate our entry level talent plans and that is showing some 
early signs of the program working well and that’s what we look to accelerate. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Thank you for the detailed answer. Last question, if I may squeeze in what are 
the factors that you take you to the upper end of the guide? Is it more 
dependent on macro? Is it dependent on your deal wins getting back to the 
aspiration level of 2.5 million plus per quarter? Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
We have seen some macros play out differently in different verticals. So, we are 
just assuming that same will continue. We are not expecting some recovery in 
Manufacturing and Life Sciences and Retail & CPG, but at the same time we 
expect FS and Tech and Services to continue the discretionary spend. So, we 
are looking at whatever we are seeing now will continue during rest of the year. 
On Bookings, some of the vendor consolidation deals that we have signed, 
though they are not in TCV, we really expect a very-very quick ramp-up. 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
Especially in Financial Services, to support some of the growth which we have 
lost due to the deals moving from Q1 to Q2. These are the assumptions and at 
this point, we feel very comfortable with our revenue guidance. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP 
Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question. My first question was 
more of a clarification. So, you called out lower utilization as one of the drivers 
for the lower margin in the quarter by about 80 bps. If I look at your headcount, 
sequentially it has come down in line with your services revenue and on a YoY 
basis, the decline is actually lower than revenue growth being actually higher. 
So, where is this lower utilization coming from? Is it the subcontracting which 
has hinged up and that’s where you were building capacity? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
A large part of it was the ramp-up that we did in March. I think I called it out a 
couple of times. That was one element which is causing this, and the second 
element is really the people who are getting released from productivity benefits 
and inability to redeploy them. And the third element was the decline that we 
have had in automotive for maybe now 3 quarters. That has also released some 
capacity, and we are continuing to see non-linearity in our business- like 
revenue growth and people count growth. We saw that significantly play out in 
FY25 and even in Q1, the year-on-year revenue growth versus year-on-year 
people count that there is a decoupling. So, you will see that and, but you can 
still have underutilized people within the existing people universe that we have. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thanks, CVK for that. My second question was a couple of weeks back you 
announced your collaboration with OpenAI. So, how do you plan to use that to 
create a differentiation in your offerings? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I have our CTO – Vijay Guntur, so I will request him to talk about it. Vijay, 
over to you. 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
Vijay Guntur: 
Thank you, CVK. The OpenAI partnership is expected to give 3 benefits. One, we 
went through a qualification process that OpenAI had to qualify. It will help us 
work closely with OpenAI to serve OpenAI’s customers and do their forward 
engineering and get OpenAI adoption into customers. That is the first benefit. 
The second benefit is our own internal adoption of OpenAI as an enterprise. It 
will unlock productivity benefits within the organization. And third, we expect to 
take some of our IFRS (Industry-Focused Repeatable Solutions) which we talked 
about and enable them with OpenAI’s models and their technology so that we 
can co-sell in the market. So, those are the three benefits that we have from the 
partnership. It’s early days but that’s our expectation. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
And just to add, we also have a team of 50 highly specialized people who are 
being embedded into these training programs which will really give us the 
cutting-edge capabilities. While a lot of customers are adopting the LLMs, but 
their ability to holistically get benefits within an enterprise is being challenged. 
So, I think these trained people will really be a force multiplier for us across our 
existing clients and the new opportunities that we are working on. And actually, 
I am even happy to report that some of the large deals that we are pursuing in 
application modernization, and the entire software development lifecycle is 
also getting positively impacted by the AI force and the data lifecycle platform 
that we are now very actively talking to a number of customers. And OpenAI is 
a very integral to all these platforms that we have built in. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Got it. Thanks a lot, CVK and Vijay for that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP 
Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Thank you. Just want to quickly check, starting with demand, could you 
elaborate a bit of reason for the slightly softer than expected signings? I know 
you said it will complete by July but any particular reason for that and also the 
delay in the large deal ramp-up you’re seeing, is that client-specific or is that 
something in the demand environment you’re seeing? That’s question number 
one. Secondly, on the margin side, if you could also elaborate, is there anything 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
you’re seeing from clients in terms of asking for lower pricing or AI-led 
productivity passthroughs which is out of turn, which is also making you a bit 
more cautious about where margin is going? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So, demand from a signing perspective, of course, two signings which we really 
expected towards the end of June, that got delayed to sometime this month. It’s 
purely procedural delays and technically we just could not get it done before 
the year end. I don’t see anything else. They are very much intact, and we’ve 
already ramped up quite a bit for some of these opportunities. So, that’s on the 
signings. And what is not included is one large vendor consolidation win in FS, 
which will give us very strong revenue growth through this year and even next 
year. But we could not consider it because as per our definition of booking, time 
and material-based constructs do not go into our booking. They only go into 
booking after we ramp up and we are able to bill. So, that’s on the signings.  
With the large deal ramp-up, we had on-boarded a lot of talent in 
conversational AI and contact center transformation based on a partnership 
with a big technology firm. We did that in March. And of course, all of them were 
working on various clients. Now, as a part of the transition, some of the work got 
a little bit delayed. So, we did get good growth from this ramp up and that’s 
what is showing up in the tech services vertical growth this quarter. But still 
about a third of the team is not fully utilized. So, they will get into utilization 
during this year. And these are really high cost and highly specialized talent. So, 
I think that’s the reason for that. It’s not really a demand environment or client 
specific. It’s just the timing based on on-boarding of people and changing the 
client contracts and things like that into our books. And this cuts across multiple 
verticals because it’s a horizontal capability that we ramped up based on an 
exclusive partnership. Now we need to make sure they’re being fully utilized. 
And we are continuing to see a strong pipeline for contact center 
transformation led by AI. And this really plays very well into that, Ankur. Did you 
have anything else? 
Ankur Rudra: 
Thank you. No, the demand was good. I think on the margin side, my question 
was, were you getting any demands for pricing or cost takeout out of turn? 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Not out of turn. When renewals are there, definitely customers have 
expectations and competitive pressures as well. So, we obviously have to react 
appropriately to that. We haven’t seen anything out of turn, but obviously a lot 
of customers are asking us, and we are also proactively talking to a lot of clients 
about what can be done. And the reason we are doing that is, I mean, when the 
renewal comes, we should be much more prepared. And we should have enough 
proof points and conviction about what we can really drive. So, I don’t see 
anything out of turn, but we are definitely proactively working with clients to see 
what is the art of the possible. 
Ankur Rudra: 
So, if I can ask a quick follow up, when you go proactively to a client, I think you 
said 35 clients have AI Force already. Would that be unexpected, for example, 
pricing, productivity pass off if it can do it then? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think we are being very transparent. We are telling the clients, if you allow us 
to use AI Force and use all the recipes that we’ve created, we will showcase to 
you the optimization that is possible. And then to scale it up within your 
environment, it needs a lot of sponsorship within your organization. And we are 
very happy to proactively do this. And it will mean some reduction in revenue for 
us. And we are okay with that. And the whole hypothesis is when we are doing 
that, there is going to be an increase in wallet share in the existing client. And 
Ankur, if you look at the number of renewals that we have done in this quarter- 
9 renewals, in 8 of them, the total revenue from the client is higher than the 
existing run rate that we had. So, we have been able to get a little more wallet 
share, which more than offsets some of the productivity benefits that we have 
given. And that is a trend that we are seeing. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay. That’s great. Appreciate it. Thank you so much and best of luck. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama 
Equities. Please go ahead. 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Thanks for taking my question. CVK, just one question from my side. You 
mentioned about these productivity benefits and you going to clients 
proactively telling them that basically these are the productivity benefits that 
we can pass on, even if that means let’s say slightly lower revenue. How similar 
is this entire productivity benefit thing? So, how similar is this to the earlier cycle 
of the IMS business being cannibalized by the cloud business that we saw some 
6-7 years ago? How prolonged do you think this is going to continue? Do you 
think this is going to eventually lead us to some period of maybe a lower kind of 
growth and then only the incremental growth from new opportunities picks up? 
Some cover on that would be really helpful. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
It’s slightly difficult to quantify how similar it is, because a lot depends on the 
level of automation maturity in each of the clients. Even though we have been 
having machine learning based or AI based automation, IntelliOps and all those 
products prior to Generative AI, there has been a big variation in how much 
clients have adopted. So, depending on where they are, the benefits could be 
higher or lower. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Right. But do you see, the kind of cannibalization that we saw initially when the 
cloud business started, and the IMS business was impacted, a similar thing 
might well be possible in the other businesses that we do this time because of 
productivity benefits by GenAI? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think in IT operations, whether it is infrastructure or application operations, if 
you have leveraged machine learning and classic AI quite well in bringing 
automation, the incremental benefit from Generative AI is only marginal. It’s 
only in a software development lifecycle- 25% to 30% benefit is realistic. And in 
a lot of business process operations, we think it can be 40% to 50%. So, this can 
happen fast, because we are seeing contact centers where a very large number 
of people get reduced by 75% even by implementing Agentic, Conversational AI 
and things like that. So, I think in these two areas, it will definitely create 
deflation. But the only positive aspect is there is so much of legacy applications 
and legacy landscape. So, modernization gets accelerated in a lot of these 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
cases. So, that is also causing some kind of demand uplift to offset this 
deflation. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Prashant Kothari from Pictet. 
Please go ahead. 
Prashant Kothari: 
Hi, sir. I just wanted to understand how the management incentives aligned to 
this margin volatility that we’re seeing in the business kind of going down this 
year and hopefully coming back up next year. How are our incentives and 
management incentives kind of aligned to this? Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Sorry, we didn’t understand the question. There was some noise on the line. 
Prashant Kothari: 
My question was, how are the incentives for the management aligned with this 
margin volatility that we’re now seeing in the business? Now margins are 
supposed to go down this year and then again, kind of maybe next year. How 
are our interests aligned with the management? Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think we have, obviously, we know the reasons for margin drop. So, if you look 
at the top leadership level, we are aligned to do what is right in the long term, 
not necessarily looking at individual years as a big metric. Of course, it is a 
metric, but not necessarily a big metric. But if you look at the larger 
organizations, some normalization due to these one-off factors are definitely 
considered when we evaluate the performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. C. Vijayakumar, CEO 
and MD, for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, thank you. And I really appreciate all of you joining. I know it’s late in the 
evening in India. And thank you to everyone who’s joining from across the globe. 
We have started the year on a strong revenue momentum. We absolutely have 
some work to do on the margin front. And we are very committed to do all the 

 
HCLTech 
 
July 14, 2025 
 
right things to ensure that we deliver to our guided range and also improving it 
as we exit the year and come back to our normal guidance range as we look at 
the next financial year. Thank you for your support. And I look forward to talking 
to you or seeing you in the subsequent interactions. Thank you and have a good 
evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HCLTech, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
(This document has been edited for readability and is not a verbatim record) 
