 
 
  
 
ETERNAL LIMITED (Formerly known as Zomato Limited) 
Registered Address: Ground Floor 12A, 94 Meghdoot, Nehru Place, New Delhi - 110019, India 
CIN: L93030DL2010PLC198141, Telephone Number: 011 - 40592373 
 
 
 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
Scrip Code: 543320, Scrip Symbol: ETERNAL 
ISIN: INE758T01015 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on July 21, 2025 
  
    
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the earnings 
conference call conducted on July 21, 2025.  
 
The same is also hosted on the website of the Company at https://b.zmtcdn.com/investor-
relations/Q1FY26-earnings-call-transcript.pdf 
 
For Eternal Limited 
(Formerly known as Zomato Limited) 
 
 
 
Sandhya Sethia 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Place: Gurugram  
Date: July 25, 2025 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SANDHY
A SETHIA
Digitally signed by 
SANDHYA SETHIA 
Date: 2025.07.25 
22:31:26 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Eternal Limited 
(formerly known as Zomato Limited) 
Q1FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
July 21, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management representatives: 
 
1. Akshant Goyal – Chief Financial Officer, Eternal Limited 
2. Albinder Singh Dhindsa – Founder & Chief Executive Officer, Blinkit 
3. Kunal Swarup – Head, Corporate Development, Eternal Limited 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening, and welcome to Eternal Limited's Q1FY26 
earnings conference call. From Eternal's management team, we have with us today 
Akshant Goyal, Chief Financial Officer; Albinder Singh Dhindsa, Founder and CEO, Blinkit; 
and Kunal Swarup, Head of Corporate Development. 
Before we begin, a few quick announcements for the attendees. Anything said on this 
call, which reflects the outlook for the future, or which could be construed as a forward-
looking statement, may involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements or comments 
are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ from those 
statements. 
Additionally, please note that this earnings call is scheduled for a duration of 45 minutes, 
and we will be starting directly with the Q&A section of the call. If you wish to ask a 
question, please use the raise hand feature available on your Zoom dashboard. We will 
announce your name on the call and unmute your line, post which you can proceed with 
your question. We will wait for a minute while the question queue assembles.  
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Thank you, and a nice set of numbers overall. Just starting with quick commerce, 
pleased to see very strong growth there. Is it possible to give us a sense of how same-
store sales growth compares with growth from new stores given that we'll probably see 
store additions potentially begin to slow down a bit more?  
 
And, also on the quick commerce side, I think you did mention competition, but if you 
think competition is able to raise capital, then if your strategy will change in the short 
term anyway. Thanks. 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa:  
Hi, Ankur, this is Albinder. So same-store sales growth is not really a metric that we track 
internally because of the structure of our polygons and the catchment area that a store 
serves - that changes quite dynamically. So, it is harder for us to compare same-store 
sales growth.  
 
But when we look at existing polygon versus new polygons that we open, most of the 
current growth has come from existing polygons. Even in this quarter when we opened a 
lot more cities, less than 5% of the overall growth came from the expansion areas that 
we were not serving earlier. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Just to add, we have also mentioned in the letter that a city like Delhi, which from a 
geographical coverage standpoint is fairly well covered, we've seen a growth of 70% 
year-on-year in this quarter. So, as Albinder said, same-store growth may not be that 
relevant in our business, but at least that data point was to showcase that even the 
relatively more mature markets are growing reasonably well. 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Ankur Rudra: 
Thank you. Is it possible to give us some color then in terms of a city like Delhi as an 
example. How much of the growth is coming from category expansion? What's the scope 
there over the next few years? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
That is not something that we want to necessarily talk about in a lot more detail because 
we don't give a category breakup. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Any color you can share, overall? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
The growth, for us, across all categories has been pretty secular. That's the only thing 
that we would like to share at this point. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Ok. My follow-up on quick commerce was on competition. You mentioned this in the 
letter as well, but do you think if competitive intensity rises, then your strategy will 
change in the short term versus what you pointed out? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Yeah, Ankur. As we mentioned in the letter, we'll have to react to the circumstances. 
We've been fairly clear on this one, now and in the past, that we'll respond to what the 
market is, and we'll do the right thing. Making sure that we maintain our leadership 
position is important for us, and making sure that we give the best service to the 
customers is important for us. So, we'll have to play by the ear on that one. 
Ankur Rudra:  
Ok. Thank you. Just a few questions about food delivery. One, very good to see MTC 
growth coming back after three quarters of sort of flattish behavior here. If you can talk 
about the key initiatives which may have helped this right now. And do you think you're at 
a point where the momentum of at least increasing MTCs can stay? And finally, are there 
any particular changes in the way you'll run this business under the new leadership? 
Akshant Goyal: 
MTC growth is fairly in sync with the overall NOV growth, if you look at it on a year-on-
year basis. Quarter-on-quarter, yes, it can appear to be lumpy but if you look at it from a 
more longer term, I don't think there is any divergent trend there, and we expect that 
MTC growth to continue along with AOV growth, which should continue driving the 
growth of the overall business going forward, like it has in the past. 
Ankur Rudra: 
And any changes in strategy or the way you run the business under new leadership? 
Akshant Goyal: 
There will be changes, but nothing that we want to highlight or talk about yet. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Ok. Just one last question on overall business headwinds. Do you think potentially with 
GLP-1 drugs becoming generic in India, there could be a risk to food consumption and 
especially food delivery of your business? Beyond this, are there any thoughts you may 
have had on that side? 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Akshant Goyal: 
No comment on it. It is still a new paradigm. And so far, I don't think we have seen GLP-1 
impact in food delivery in many other countries. But as I said, it's fairly nascent. 
Theoretically, it can go either way, but too early for us to have a point of view or share 
that with you. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Ok. Thank you and best of luck. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manish Adukia from Goldman Sachs. Please 
go ahead. 
Manish Adukia: 
Yes, hi. Good evening. Thank you for taking my questions. I have two or three questions, 
all on quick commerce. The first one is on inventory ownership. The first question is, are 
you going to move almost all of your inventory to 1P over the next two to three quarters 
like you mentioned in the letter?  
 
And will the margin benefit also be immediate? So, let's say, if you were to move almost 
all your inventory in three quarters, will the margin benefit also accrue in that two to 
three quarter period? Or will that take a slightly longer time period? That's my first 
question. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Yes. Manish, broadly that's the plan and your assessment is right. That's what we expect. 
In that timeframe, we should be able to move most of our business to inventory 
ownership and the margin accretion should also happen in that timeframe. 
Manish Adukia: 
Understood. And you talked about some of the things in terms of the differentiation 
versus peer group, but in terms of like you moving to inventory ownership and, of course, 
almost all of your peers doing still marketplace, would you say that it's a meaningful 
competitive advantage? Or it's an advantage but doesn't really move the needle in a 
meaningful way from a market share perspective? Like what would your thoughts be 
there? 
Akshant Goyal: 
I'll leave that for you to comment there. We don't have any point of view on competitors' 
business model. We can answer questions about our business. 
Manish Adukia: 
Got it. And you talked about the visibility on dark stores, where you said you have 3,000 
store visibility, but update on those, you'll probably give after you reach 2,000. But does 
that statement mean that you are getting to 3,000 - the timeline is unclear, but the 
number 3,000, you will eventually get to. Is that how we should read that statement? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Yes, that’s right. 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Manish Adukia: 
Understood. Got it. And maybe a related question there is, like today now you're like 
north of $5 billion in GOV and MTU is north of 15 million, maybe industry is $12 billion to 15 
billion GOV. I mean, from an industry perspective, Akshant and Albinder, do you have like 
any sense as to when does this industry start tapering off, if at all?  
 
I mean just trying to get a sense as to where do you think eventually MTUs or GOV of the 
industry may end up in your opinion in the next two to three years? If you have any 
thoughts on that. 
Akshant Goyal: 
The growth momentum remains strong. And at least for the next two years, we feel that 
the growth rates will be high as we are still building out more infrastructure, and getting 
to 3,000 stores will take time. Beyond that, it's very hard for us to comment on how large 
this market could be. It's a function of how deep can we go in certain categories that are 
small today and how sustainable are the economics in some of these categories.  
 
There are a lot of variables and unknowns still in the business, which will play out over 
the next one or two years, and that will also dictate how much opportunity we have in 
terms of size. 
Manish Adukia: 
And in this business, Akshant and team, I know you don't give up that mix, but is there 
like a path for like non-grocery to become larger than grocery? Or do you still expect 
grocery / FMCG to continue to be like a disproportionate share of your GOV? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Manish, that will follow the consumption trend overall of the country. So, if the 
household share of buying groceries is always higher, then I don't think you will 
necessarily see the non-grocery segment being bigger than that. It's actually much more 
related to what consumers are buying rather than what the platform offering. Since we 
are more of an everyday app and becoming more and more horizontal, the category 
trends will also mirror just what consumers buy. 
Manish Adukia: 
Got it. Just one last question, a follow-up on Ankur's question earlier on competition. 
Three months ago in your previous call, you were saying that the competition is probably 
getting worse and visibility remains low on when it improves. And this time of course, 
you've called out that you expect margins and absolute losses to get better.  
 
So of course, the interpretation of that would be, I'm guessing, that the competition has 
gotten significantly better over the last three months. And in that context, would you be 
able to give any new breakeven timelines now for the quick commerce business, as to 
when you can go back to that 0 number? Or that's something in the current landscape 
you may not be willing to provide? 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Akshant Goyal: 
See, Manish, that number is not important for us because it's a function of the weighted 
average of mature stores and new expansion. So directionally, as you can see, the 
margins have improved from -2.4% to -1.8% in this quarter. What we are saying is we 
expect that projection to continue, subject to competitive intensity remaining the same. 
 
So from here on, how long therefore, does that take to cross 0 is a function of how fast 
we're able to expand, and expansion also is not fully in our control because it's dependent 
on various external factors. So, we're not keen to give that number - also because I don't 
think it matters eventually. Parts of our business, as I mentioned, are already at 2.5% 
margin. So, the rest of the business catching up is a function of time. 
Manish Adukia: 
Thank you for taking my questions. All the best. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Hi. So, first question, in your ROCE calculation on Blinkit, you've laid out the assumption 
of about 18 days of working capital. Now this is significantly lower than retail or 
traditional retailers like DMart. Is this because you do not have to maintain as much shelf 
inventory? Or is it just that your models allow you to minimize inventory just because you 
have a just-in-time model and can move much faster? Or does this mean that some of 
the inventory will still stay off the books? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
I don't think Aditya it's a like-to-like comparison with something like a DMart because for 
one of the largest categories, for example, general merchandise, they typically have 
much higher days of inventory, and that is owing to the way that they also source these 
items. So, I don't think that you can make that like-for-like assumption.  
 
However, because of the way that we replenish and the frequency at which we are 
actually able to move products in our supply chain, we are structurally better off than 
most retailers that you would see across categories in the days of cover that we need to 
have, in order to make sure that there is good availability for customers. 
Aditya Soman: 
Fair. No, that's clear. And then secondly, I mean, in your statement on competition, 
you've also mentioned that there's a clear trend for you at least that speed, assortment 
and customer support are almost more important than price. So, does this mean that we 
are seeing the segmentation of the market as we've seen everywhere in the world with 
sort of players like Reliance or DMart going after value and Blinkit effectively filling the 
gap in India for the convenience channels as we just don't have any supermarkets or 
convenience stores here? 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
I don't think that we will be able to classify that because our business works with all of 
these things together. The flywheel around delivering pricing value to customers is also 
something that we focus on, and we can't ignore it. And our customers also need to feel 
that they get the best prices on our platform as well. For us, all of these things have to go 
together.  
 
And, on your question on segmentation of the market, I don't think it is a question of 
whether customers are going to fulfill their needs via a different value proposition, 
which is maybe 2-hour delivery or 3-hour delivery and therefore, they will get more value. 
We are not keen on exploring that segment. We also think that the moment it moves out 
of 10 minutes, then the entire equation changes. So maybe the value that you need to 
deliver will be much, much higher.  
 
And whether that would be sustainable or not, we are not entirely certain. Therefore, we 
don't think that you will be able to take each of these and then create different segments 
out of the market. 
Aditya Soman: 
No. I understand. Clear. And then the last question on Hyperpure. You've indicated that 
part of the business will sort of come off just because that was sort of the marketplace 
business for QC. Can you give us a breakdown of how much was the restaurant business 
in QC business within Hyperpure? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Aditya, we have given that breakup in the last shareholders' letter. If you could refer to 
that, we have the breakup by both the restaurant and the non-restaurant business for 
the last four / five quarters. 
Aditya Soman: 
I understand. So, will it be roughly in that ballpark even for this quarter? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Right. 
Aditya Soman: 
Cool. All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Swapnil Potdukhe from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I have three to four questions. First on Blinkit per se. 
You're already close to around 17 million MTCs versus 23 million in food delivery. I would 
like to know what percentage of your quick commerce users are unique in nature, which 
probably will not be transacting, let's say, on your food delivery side? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Swapnil, we have talked about it in the past, but we don't disclose that metric anymore. 
But the number of unique customers in quick commerce is increasing. It's on an 
increasing trend because logically, we cater to different customer segments as well. 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Akshant Goyal: 
The overlap is not very high - is what I would say. There is a large user base on both sides, 
which is fairly distinct. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Ok. Got it. The second question is with respect to your top cities share in the overall GOV 
or NOV, whichever we want to look at for the Blinkit business. And any sense as to how 
has that moved from the previous quarter? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Not a very significant movement, Swapnil. Majority of our business is still in the top 20 
cities. 
Swapnil Potdukhe:  
Ok. You did mention that the NOV difference is just about 10% between your bigger cities 
and smaller cities. The margin difference at this point of time would be significantly 
bigger because you mentioned 2.5% Adjusted EBITDA margin for some of the cities. 
Lower-tier cities would be significantly higher at this point of time. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Sorry, your question is not clear. Are you saying lower cities will be higher on margin or 
lower on margin? 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
The losses in that business will be significantly higher in percentage terms. 
Akshant Goyal:  
It's a function of the age of the store and also our relative market position in a city rather 
than actually being a small or large city. Right now, we are not seeing too much of margin 
difference between small and large cities. But of course, the newer stores that we've 
opened are loss-making because of the fact that the throughput is still low. So, that's 
where the difference between margin comes up between the stores. It's more to do with 
the age of the store than whether it's tier 1 or tier 2. 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Also, to add to that, Swapnil, our supply chain investment in tier 2 and tier 3 cities is also 
more greenfield, and therefore, for the short term, there's usually higher margin 
pressure on these cities because we are building out a brand new supply chain over 
there to be able to supply better. Sometimes, the utilization of that is also worse off. 
Swapnil Potdukhe:  
Understood. One question on your food delivery business margins. Your commentary 
seems to suggest that going forward, you may end up sacrificing some margin to drive 
growth. I mean, if I were to summarize what you have mentioned in the shareholders’ 
letter. Is that understanding correct? 
Akshant Goyal: 
There's always a trade-off. What we are saying is that while in the long term, margin 
expansion is possible, but in the near term, we are more focused on growth. And hence, 
therefore, the margins could remain around the mark they are today. 
Swapnil Potdukhe:  
Got it. And how do you see your going-out losses in the near term? Because you did 
mention the expectations of losses in the Bistro business or the investment that you 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
plan to do. But going-out, you have given a slightly longer-term commentary versus a 
short-term trend. Any sense on that?  
Akshant Goyal: 
We don't want to provide any guidance on the short term at this point, but I don't expect 
the losses to meaningfully increase from where they are. They'll remain range-bound in 
the near term. 
Swapnil Potdukhe:  
Got it. And just one last thing on Bistro. What would be the AOVs currently? And any 
sense as to where you see those AOV going for that business? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
We are not disclosing that, Swapnil. 
Swapnil Potdukhe:  
Ok. No worries. Cool. Thanks a lot guys for the opportunity and all the best. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Yogesh, hi, can you hear us? Seems like we're having some technical difficulties. We'll 
move on to our next attendee.  
 
Next question is from the line of Vivek Maheshwari from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Maheshwari:  
Hi. Good evening, team. A couple of questions. So, first is on this IOCC and 1P. So, let's 
say, you have about 1,500+ stores. In two to three quarters, when you say that you will 
move to 1P, is that for all the stores? Or do you need to do bottom-up to figure out which 
stores you should do 1P and which you should do 3P?  
Kunal Swarup: 
Hi, Vivek, this is Kunal here. So, our move to 1P is not necessarily linked to stores. Stores 
are just a point of storage. The broader idea is who owns the inventory on the balance 
sheet. On that, what we're saying is eventually, most of the inventory will be owned by us 
as the Company. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
No, sorry. What I meant was, from an inventory standpoint, not from store. I mean when I 
said store, I meant inventory. So, is there any thought process? Or it's like lock, stock and 
barrel as you move to 1P because it makes sense everywhere, wherever you are in the 
country.  
Akshant Goyal: 
Yeah, we've mentioned it very clearly in the letter and also in the call to a previous 
question that we intend to move most of our business on our own inventory. So yeah, 
that's the plan. 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Ok. And Akshant, in that context, so there is an impact on balance sheet, there is an 
impact on margins. But from a top line perspective, NOV / GOV, revenues, it doesn't 
change anything, right? So basically, will something change from an assortment 
perspective by virtue of moving it to 1P and therefore, on GOV / NOV? Or it stays the 
same, it's only the balance sheet and the margins?  
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
On the assortment side, nothing will change in the selection. Moving to 1P reduces the 
administrative burden, the licensing burden, all of that significantly for both us and the 
brands; we do expect that there will be some positivity in terms of operational metrics 
around availability, fill rates that will improve on the platform. But otherwise, nothing 
changes in the trajectory or the business itself.  
Kunal Swarup: 
And on margins, we've already described the impact in the letter.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Right. So margin part, interesting. So, you are saying that at the margin, there can be 
some positive impact on the top line also. So that's interesting.  
 
The last bit is when we look at quick commerce, let's say, Contribution margin versus 
Adjusted EBITDA. So, let's say, Contribution is flat and Adjusted EBITDA is getting better 
by 60 basis points, for example, sequentially. What does that imply? So, it's essentially 
the marketing, branding or the corporate overheads because of leverage? Can you just 
explain this bit?  
Akshant Goyal: 
That's what it is, mostly marketing. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
So, this is mostly marketing.  
Akshant Goyal: 
And also operating leverage on the fixed cost. So, both of them. Those are the two costs 
below Contribution. So, on both, there is improvement in terms of percentage margins.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. And when you move to 1P, that will show up in Contribution margins, right? 
Akshant Goyal: 
What will show up in Contribution margin? 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
I’m saying you mentioned about 100 basis point spread. 
Akshant Goyal: 
That’s right. Yes. 
Vivek Maheshwari:  
Beyond that, Akshant, so that 100 basis point if we leave aside, so from here on, the 
Contribution margins will drive the EBITDA margins except the leverage and marketing 
spends are optimized. Is that fair? Or there is still some scope on marketing also? 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Akshant Goyal: 
No, the operating leverage below Contribution will remain because even if these costs 
remain as is in terms of absolute amounts, the top line will scale. So, the operating 
leverage to that extent will continue to accrue. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
No. That's not what I'm saying. So operating leverage will continue. Other than that, will 
there also be leverage on the marketing spends, you think? Or will the rest of the delta 
come from Contribution margins only? 
Akshant Goyal: 
I’m actually not clear on the question.  
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
I think he is trying to figure out whether the marketing spends are going to go down. I 
don't think the answer is yes. We will look to be more aggressive even going forward. 
Whatever we are saying is we are also accounting for the fact that we will stay 
aggressive, but maybe because of the competition, if the levels stay at the current level, 
we will see an improvement in the overall margins in the business. 
Vivek Maheshwari:  
Ok. Got it. And lastly, you are on 3.9% Contribution margin this quarter on a NOV basis. 
Last year was 4.9%. So, do you think directionally, without the 100-basis point IOCC 
impact, do you think you get to that in the next few quarters on Contribution? 
Akshant Goyal: 
We've already shared that our margin will improve over time. So yes, eventually, the 
Contribution margin will increase. So, your question is on timeline or whether the 
Contribution margin? 
Vivek Maheshwari:  
It's on the timeline, Akshant. See, look, 100 basis point delta comes from IOCC. So 
basically, there can be 200 basis point swing, which is what I'm trying to get to. It's 
possible in next three, four quarters, right? 
Akshant Goyal: 
We're not giving any such guidance, Vivek. We've already shared a lot of information in 
the letter, which gives a sense directionally of how we think of the business. Asking for 
more detailed quarter-by-quarter projection, I don't think it's fair. It's a competitive 
market. So, I'm requesting you to please refrain from getting next quarter’s projections 
from us because that does not help the business or our shareholders. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Sure. The letter is very well written, I must say. Thank you. 
Akshant Goyal: 
You’re welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria:  
Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I have three sets of questions. The first is on the 
leadership. You mentioned two years of rotational style with limited timeline forces 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
leadership to perform with urgency because there's a limited window to create impact. 
So, my first question is, how do you really measure this impact? Like what are the KPIs 
under which you measure, and you decide that the stint can be further extended or not? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Gaurav, we don’t want to discuss and disclose that here. That's not the conversation we 
want to have on this call.  
Gaurav Rateria:  
Ok. No problem. My second question is on understanding the bit on the Contribution 
margin in the quick commerce business. Ideally, with your expansion ratio coming down 
as the number of new stores (as a percentage of existing stores) keep coming down, 
your Contribution margin should keep moving in the right direction. But this quarter was 
largely flattish to down. So, just trying to understand what are the various moving parts 
that go inside, which drives your Contribution margin movement? 
Kunal Swarup: 
So, in addition to what you said, Gaurav, which is one element of Contribution margin 
being driven by the share of new stores, there are other elements that impact it. One, for 
example, we mentioned is the seasonality impact on certain costs, especially delivery 
partner costs. Second, there is competition. Competition also has an impact on various 
lines in the P&L Contribution. And of course, there is infrastructure build-out in the form 
of warehousing as well.  
 
Apart from stores, some of the warehousing expansion is more lumpy where you invest 
upfront, but you start seeing utilization over a slightly longer period of time. These other 
three factors also play into that eventual Contribution margin. And therefore, it will not 
be only linked to the share of new stores. 
Akshant Goyal:  
And just to add to that, seasonality with respect to what gets sold on the platform in 
terms of the mix of the categories also plays a role. That also changes, and that could 
have an impact on the gross margins in a particular quarter. So that also has a part to 
play.  
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. My last question is about food delivery. You did talk about growth bottoming out. 
What are the initial things that you're watching which is making you a lot more confident 
on this sustainability or improvement in the growth trajectory?  
 
And related part is also on these food delivery partners. If you look at the last three to 
four quarters, it's stagnating around a particular number while the Orders might have 
grown. So, how much of leverage do we have to keep pulling this metric in terms of not 
being able to grow this delivery partner number while our Order numbers keep growing? 
At some point in time, the ratio may get maxed out. Thank you.  
Akshant Goyal:  
So, Gaurav, on your second question, the number of partners is an indicative number 
that we share to give a sense of the size of the logistics fleet. But really, the metric that 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
is directly linked to the size of the business is the log-in hours of these delivery partners 
because, as you know, these are all gig workers. So, the number of hours they spend 
changes.  
 
And that's also seasonal. We see a lot of delivery partners spending less time on the 
platform in certain months, around certain festivals and vice versa more time around 
other times in the year. That is the first point I'd like to make that the number of delivery 
partners therefore is not always necessarily equal to the log in hours that we get.  
 
Secondly, utilization, or rather the idle time of delivery partners on the platform, 
continues to come down. And as that happens, we're able to do more Orders with the 
same number of log-in hours that we have on the platform. It's actually a good thing 
because it makes our business more efficient while, at the same time, it increases the 
earnings of delivery partners. Therefore, I don't see a constraint in terms of availability of 
delivery partners on the growth of the business at this point.  
 
If the business grows and we need more log-in hours on the platform, scaling that should 
not be a challenge. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
And on the growth bit of food delivery?  
Akshant Goyal:  
So, what we have shared is basis what we have seen so far in the first three weeks of the 
quarter, the year-on-year growth has sort of bottomed out and we are seeing now better 
app opens from our consumers and better resurrection rates. So, there are early signs 
which is why we think that we should see better growth from here on. But again, still 
early in the quarter, and we'll know more during the course of the quarter. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. Any meaningful change in the churn ratio or retention ratios, which also drives 
slightly better confidence than before? 
Akshant Goyal:  
Yes. As the frequency goes up and we are seeing more customers returning to the 
platform across different markets, that’s why we feel that this quarter would be better 
than the last one. 
Gaurav Rateria:  
Got it. Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Akshant Goyal:  
Thank you, Gaurav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vijit Jain from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Vijit Jain: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. My question is on quick commerce. Looking at just the 
AOV, and I know your comments from last quarter around not really looking at driving the 
basket sizes up. Just in that context, given the AOVs in the smaller cities is 10% lower, I 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
wanted to see whether in the top cities naturally without, let's say, specific interventions 
from your side, are basket sizes still continuing to rise? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Over the longer time horizon, yes, they are continuing to rise, but sequentially you might 
see differences because seasonality plays a very, very big role in the AOVs. 
Vijit Jain: 
Ok. Got it. And my second question is on the switch to inventory model. Just looking at 
marketplace versus inventory model for a second - In terms of how small sellers or D2C 
brands, those kinds of people get onboarded or featured or promoted on the platform, 
does anything change at all with this switch? I'm guessing some of them would at least 
want to feature products on the platform that they want to promote and those kinds of 
things. So those things, do they change at all under this new architecture or continues to 
go onwards as it was earlier as well? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
No, Vijit, the tools that the brands use to promote themselves, to advertise on the 
platform or to also feature some of their products, all of that remains exactly the same. 
The only way to sort of look at it is that this is more of an administrative change for us 
and the brands.  
 
It just makes the burden of compliance a little bit easier for them. But commercially, 
nothing changes dramatically. And of course, because it becomes a little bit more 
efficient for everybody involved, that is why we see a margin accrual. But otherwise, life 
stays exactly the same. 
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. So, no change in whatever discretionary decision-making could have existed with 
the brands earlier in terms of what they wanted to feature? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Yeah. The brands still have all control.  
Vijit Jain: 
Got it. And last, just bookkeeping question, if I remember this right, usually, you have 
annual wage revision impact in the September quarter, at least in Zomato, if I remember 
right? Has that changed here? Or should we expect that kind of fixed cost increase next 
quarter? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Appraisal cycle remains the same, Vijit.  
Vijit Jain: 
Ok, got it. Thank you. So those are my questions. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala:  
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions here. Firstly, on food delivery, if 
we see, our NOV growth has come down from, say, 27% year-on-year last year same 
quarter to 13% now. What would you attribute to be the major driver of this? Is it mostly 
the ordering frequency? And secondly, when we are talking about the number going back 
to 20%+ next year, where would that incremental growth come from between frequency 
and AOV? 
Kunal Swarup: 
Hi Rishi, this is Kunal here. So essentially, it comes down to the number of customers 
transacting on our platform and the average order values. There has been a slight 
slowdown in the number of transacting customers and the number of app opens that 
we're seeing on the app during the year.  
 
And therefore, year-on-year, some of that growth has been impacted, and we've talked 
about it over the last couple of quarters. And like we said earlier in this call as well, the 
expectation is that the transacting customer growth should be higher as customers 
return to the app. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala:  
Understood. And the second question is on quick commerce. Our average GOV per day, 
per store over the past four / five quarters has been extremely stable despite the fact 
that the number of dark stores have gone from 600+ to 1,500+. So just trying to 
understand if you can give some color on throughput from your relatively mature dark 
stores. Where do they end up stabilizing or if at all, they are? And at what level of GOV per 
day, per store do you start dividing the presence in the same area? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
So, to the first part, Rishi, we don't actually know. We still haven't reached the point of 
hitting max throughput capacity at any of our stores. Of course, the more volume we do 
from a store, we also learn, and we adapt to it as well.  
 
To the second point, we don't disclose that information. That's part of our strategy as to 
how we go about actually opening stores. So that's not something that we disclose 
publicly. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala:  
Got it. And just one last thing. In terms of ESOP costs, from an expectation perspective, 
what trajectory should we think about? Is there any change in the recent past around 
that? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Rishi, in the past, we have given a guidance on our total employee cost as a percentage 
of revenue, which includes both the cash compensation and the ESOP charge, I think 
two quarters ago maybe and then before that also. So, we're still sticking to that 
guidance that we've given last time.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala:  
All right. Great. Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time we will now take last one to two 
questions. The next question is from the line of Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of 
America. Please go ahead. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Three sets of questions. First question is on quick 
commerce. I do now see a bit of a divergence in business models between how Blinkit is 
functioning and how your competitors are functioning.  
 
What I mean by that is you guys don't have megapods, you don't have the MAX saver 
equivalent kind of an offering. And I do understand the focus is more to deliver in a 15-
minute timeframe versus, let's say, what the MAX savers and equivalents are offering.  
 
The question out here is there is a good amount of opportunity to also focus on that base 
who doesn't necessarily want everything in 15-minute basis. But out there, the AOV is 
much larger. So, any thoughts in terms of going and targeting this base, where it is not a 
10-15 minute delivery but maybe a 30-40 minute delivery timeframe? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Sachin, we don't see the opportunity there. So that's why we are not doing that. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Ok. And any specific reason why you don't see the opportunity out there? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
I think maybe we are not smart enough so that could be the possible reason. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Clearly, you guys are. And next question, District, you guys did mention dining out, 
movie, sports, concert ticketing as a focus. Any thoughts of also focusing more on travel 
because there is a good amount of opportunity to cater to the premium user base out 
there also? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Not at this point, Sachin. We remain focused on the existing set of use cases for now 
and lot of work to be done on those ones. So, in future, of course, we can evaluate 
anything. But right now, in the near term, we'll remain in the categories that we are in 
today. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it. Next question on food. Clearly, you guys are indicating growth could be a bit 
slower than 20% for this year. I do think, basis your shareholder letters, there are a 
couple of historical issues what you had highlighted. One, as quick commerce becomes 
big, clearly, there could be a bit more impact in terms of food growth. And second, at 
some level, obviously, there's a bit of a slowdown impact.  
 
The first issue, what you guys had mentioned in the past has a potential of becoming 
bigger and bigger as the quick commerce size becomes bigger. Of course, there's a bit of 
a competition uptick. Any general thoughts? Should the steady-state growth be around 
20% could slow down a bit, but margins could be a bit better on the back of it? Do you 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
see any risk to the overall growth for the industry out there in the medium term because 
quick commerce is becoming bigger? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Sachin, quick commerce has definitely been a headwind to some extent for the food 
delivery business because some of that consumption has also moved to quick 
commerce. But having said that, we still believe from an inflation standpoint and 
opportunity standpoint, we still do think that in the long term the business can grow at 
20%, although that visibility is not there in the near term at this point. But there's enough 
going for us to be excited about the business. If we do well and we are able to innovate 
and unlock more use cases for food delivery on the app, then we can get 20% growth 
levels again. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it. And last question, trying to understand if there are any accounting changes we 
should see on Blinkit from next quarter. And the reason I'm saying is 1P model is on an 
inventory basis and 3P on a take rate basis. So, as you guys move towards an inventory-
led model, should we see any accounting changes in terms of overall numbers for the 
Blinkit business? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Yes, Sachin. So, we have tried to outline that in question 12 of the letter in terms of 
three, four things that could change from a reporting standpoint. So, I'll request you to 
get attention to that question. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Ok. So, I mean, my question was, and I read that, more from a take rate of the business 
changing and how the things move from that revenue calculation and so on and so forth. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Revenue will now become very similar to NOV because we own the inventory and 
Contribution margins, of course, in terms of definition and calculation, will not change. 
There is an now an interim gross margin of the business, that we'll take a call whether we 
want to disclose that or not in the next quarter. But outside of that, nothing else should 
change. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Ok. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now conclude this conference call. Thank you so much for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
