 
14.08.2025 
 
To,  
The Manager  
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Symbol: JASH  
The Manager  
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001.  
 
Scrip Code: 544402 
 
Sub.:   Transcript of Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of Q1 FY26 Earnings conference call with the Investors held 
on Friday 8th August 2025. 
 
You are requested to take the aforementioned information on records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For JASH Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
 
Tushar Kharpade 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TUSHAR 
KHARPA
DE
Digitally signed 
by TUSHAR 
KHARPADE 
Date: 2025.08.14 
17:42:42 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Jash Engineering Limited  
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 8, 2025 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRATIK PATEL – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
 
MR. DHARMENDRA JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Good morning, everyone. I am Siddesh Chawan from Ernst & Young, Investor Relations 
and I would like to welcome you to the Jash Engineering Q1 FY26 earnings conference call.  
I would like to indicate that all participant lines will be in a listen only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity to ask questions after the opening remarks conclude. Should you need to 
ask a question, please select the raise hand option under the reaction tab of the Zoom 
application. We will call out your name and then request you to unmute yourself to ask the 
question. While asking, please begin with your name and your organization. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. The recording will be made available on the website 
within a day, and the transcript of the call shall be made available subsequently. 
To take us through the results and answer your questions. Today, we have the top 
management of Jash Engineering limited represented by Mr. Pratik Patel, Chairman and 
Managing Director, and Mr. Dharmendra Jain, Chief Financial Officer.  
Before we begin, I want to remind everyone about a safe harbour related to today's earnings 
call. Comments made during the call may contain forward looking statements that may 
involve known or unknown risk, uncertainties and other factors. It was previewed in 
conjunction with our business risk that will cause future result performance or achievements 
to differ significantly from what it is expressed or implied by such forward with the 
statements. After the end of this call, if you need any further information or clarification, 
please do get in touch with me.  
With that said, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Pratik Patel, over to you, sir.  
Pratik Patel: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for sparing your valuable time to attend this investor 
call. First, I would like to briefly update you on what has happened in this quarter. As those 
who have reviewed the results posted on the NSE and BSE will have noticed, our 
performance in the first quarter was somewhat subdued. This was primarily due to our 
decision to defer some deliveries to US because of uncertainty relating to tariff, as well as 
some deliveries that could not take place as planned. So mostly it was the standalone of Jash 
Engineering which has contributed to this situation. At Rodney Hunt, Mahr, Waterfront and 
other subsidiaries, we have increased our revenue. However, at Rodney Hunt, due to the 
tariff situation plus new intake of people, losses have risen slightly compared to last year by 
$1,00,000. 
Moving to the consolidated order book, it remains strong at Rs. 875 crore, with a healthy 
pipeline as well. We are entering into new markets, like Vietnam, Japan, Israel and we are 
now trying for South Africa as well. So, we expect the healthy growth to continue, since we 
are expanding the market, and the demand also is quite strong from the existing markets 
where we are.  

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
We have recently commissioned our new facility in Shivpad, from where we are hosting 
today’s investor call. With this commissioning, we expect improvement in our output from 
Chennai facility. This facility will also be used for WesTech, a company in which we are 
acquiring a 90% stake. The due diligence is at an advanced stage, and we hope to complete 
everything by next week and include this company as our subsidiary by next month.  
However, the biggest problem we are currently facing is the US tariff uncertainty. Earlier, 
the tariff applicable on us was 25%, plus 25% on stainless steel, and as of two days back, 
this has become 50% already. This puts a lot of pressure on the orders which we have already 
taken from America. We are in discussions with our clients, and in some cases, they have 
agreed to partly compensate us for the increased tariff, though this is not true in all cases. 
To mitigate this, we have decided to build a new plant in Houston. Earlier we were going to 
build the office, but during my visit to the US in June, when the additional 25% tariff on 
steel and stainless steel was announced, we decided to defer the plan to build the office, and 
instead, we are now going to first build the plant in Houston. This plant was originally 
scheduled for 2028 but will now be completed in 2026. At the same time, we are also 
increasing our capacity in Orange, because in time to come, we have to increase our output 
from US plant in the revenue of Rodney Hunt from the current 30-35% to around 65-70% 
in the coming years.  
By doing these two expansions and by the acquisitions which we are going to do of WesTech 
and another company in the UK, for which nearly the deal is done, the process of due 
diligence will start within August, and I would like to wind up that deal in September. So 
with these two acquisitions and the expansion that we will do in America, we are sure to 
mitigate all the risk associated with this tariff situation over the next few years.  
With that, I would like to go on to the financials. As you can see in Q1 consolidated, our 
revenue has increased from Rs.116 crores to Rs.133 crores. Our gross profit has also 
marginally increased. However, as a percentage, it has come down little bit, 1%. Our EBITA 
has gone down by 4% and the profit before tax, last year we had minor losses and this year, 
this has increased from Rs.0.4 crores to Rs.6 crores and profit before tax and after tax both 
have gone down compared to last year.  
When you see the standalone, as I was saying last year, the biggest set back has been the 
standalone revenue of  Jash Engineering. So last year did Rs.92 crores as against that we 
have done Rs.82 crores this year. There were two reasons for it, one was we could not 
dispatch material for Rodney Hunt due to uncertainty on the applicable tariff. And another 
was some of the deliveries in India also could not happen. The production was done, it could 
not happen. I would like to state here that Rs.28 crore worth of material was dispatched but 
because of US gap practice, we could not take them in our revenue in Jash Engineering. In 
Shivpad, revenue has increased in Rodney Hunt revenue has increased, in Waterfront also 
revenue has increased. However, the profit after tax as reduced in Jash Engineering because 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
of the reduced revenue. In Shivpad that is not a big reduction but then in Rodney Hunt last 
year, we had $0.8 million loss in the first quarter, and in this year it is $0.9 million, this is 
mostly because we are now rebuilding Rodney Hunt to take care of future increased 
production requirements. So, we are adding people in Rodney Hunt at production level and 
at other levels, so that once all the new expansion is done, we have a team which can take 
care of all the issues related to production. In Waterfront, we have had a loss of Rs.0.4 crore. 
I believe this is temporary in nature, and Waterfront also would be in profit this year. So 
overall, I would like to state that we still maintain our projections given at the start of the 
year that it is Rs.860 crore and with profitability anywhere between Rs.80-110 crore 
depending upon what finally turns out on the tariff. If tariff continue to be 50% then 
definitely will take a hit of $1-2 million resulting in a somewhat lower forecast on profit 
after tax. However, we have to see if we as a country are able to arrange a deal with America 
or not. So, my response on the PAT would be more sure 1-2 quarters down the line, when 
we know clearly what is going to happen on the tariff front. 
This is a consolidated income statement for Q1, you can see there is not a very big difference 
in comparison to Q1 FY25. The revenue increase at Jash would have compensated for all 
the shortfall which we are seeing now. And we hope that in Q2 and Q3 things will improve 
at standalone basis at Jash, so that we would be able to show improved performance. I would 
also like to reiterate that the first quarter has historically been challenging for us, so this is 
not a major cause for concern at this stage. 
The revenue composition, you can see 69% of our business is coming from water control 
gates, 14% from screening, 10% from valve and 7% from hydro power and various other 
groups. The geographical contribution is quite spread out now, India is 42%, USA is 37%,  
rest of the world is close to 20-21%. So, this is a very ideal scenario for us, where the 
geographical contribution is quite diverse worldwide. 
Our consolidated order book, as on first August is Rs.875 crore, of which, outside India we 
have Rs.574 crore, and within India we have Rs.301 crore. As I told before, we are reviving 
Mahr Maschinenbau and in Mahr Maschinenbau we have already got Rs.24 crore order 
book. Rodney Hunt order book is also strong. However, we are not going presently 
aggressively in taking orders in Rodney Hunt because of this situation of tariff and until we 
build up our additional facility in America, we have to be cautious if the tariff situation is 
not solved. 
On a standalone basis, Jash Engineering has a healthy order book of Rs. 500 crore. We expect 
all these companies to achieve the forecasted results before. In the case of Waterfront, we 
have an order booking of Rs.9 crore. We have aggressively started marketing in the UK. We 
are building up our team by acquisition of one more company. We hope to become a pan 
UK company, and in 3-4 years, our target is to become the biggest sluice gates manufacturer 
in the UK.  

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Our pipeline of new orders is quite strong. We have already negotiated orders for Rs.28 
crore, and we have around Rs.56 crore worth of order under negotiation. We have a quite 
strong conversion ratio of the orders which we negotiate. And so, I believe that our order 
booking would remain within the range of Rs.50-60 crores to Rs.100 crores every month.  
If you remember, at the beginning of the year, I had said that we are looking for combined 
revenue of Rs.860 crore, which I am quite confident of achieving and also going a little bit 
above this.  However, as I said, all our well laid plans presently are in chambers because of 
the USA. So we hope some clarity is there on the USA front. However, even if there is no 
clarity on USA, the revenue would be in excess of Rs.60 crore this year, only it may result 
into some variation in profit projection, but I am still confident, on view of the profitable 
orders that we have taken already, that we would be improving upon the profit which we 
had declared last year. 
As I mentioned earlier, our new plant in Chennai is now operating from the first of August, 
commercial production has started. We have got all the necessary permissions and with this 
now, we are in a position to increase our output from Shivpad, the process engineering 
division from Chennai.  
Once we acquire WesTech, which has a revenue of Rs.55 crore, and combine it with 
Shivpad’s Rs 44 crore revenue, the process equipment division will have a total combined 
revenue of around Rs 100 crore. With this plant commissioned, both industrial and municipal 
production can be done in house, resulting in a lot of saving. The commissioning of this 
plant would help, along with the WesTech acquisition will ensure that the plant gets loaded 
up with more work sooner than later. 
Regarding WesTech this was a subsidiary of WesTech USA. WesTech USA has 80% stake 
in WesTech India and the remaining 20% was owned by the employees. We are now taking 
100% of WesTech stake from the USA and 10% from the employees. And the remaining 
10% we will take from the employee after 3 years at pre agreed valuation.  
WesTech brings us entry into high growth industrial segments which is in mining, metals 
and paper industries, where we were not that dominant or existing earlier. The biggest 
advantage WesTech brings is nearly the same type of equipment but in lighter duty we are 
making for municipal. With the industrial portfolio coming in WesTech also on its own can 
grow aggressively because they get a better product mix and Shvipad also benefits because 
they get an enhanced engineering team of WesTech to support them.  
The combined turnover of this division, of WesTech and Shivpad would be around Rs.100 
crores as per last year financials. We hope that with WesTech being merged with India we 
would be able to take the process equipment division from current Rs.100 crores to Rs.200 
crores in 3 years time. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Another major advantage of acquiring WesTech is its seasoned team of 26 people, of whom 
24 are ex-Dorr Oliver professionals with extensive experience. This is significant, as I have 
often said that manpower is one of the biggest challenges today. Acquiring such an 
experienced and profitable team will enable us to enhance both the financial and operational 
performance of the entire division in the coming years. 
It will also strengthen our Jash Invent product portfolio, as the industrial market for Jash 
Invent is significant, and WesTech brings strong industrial business capabilities to support 
it. Overall, I would say WesTech will be an excellent addition helping us as a group, as well 
as individually in many of our subsidiaries, to grow faster with its expanded product range.  
With this, I would like to conclude my presentation, and I would like to take any questions 
you have. Thank you. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
Gentle reminder to all the participants to ask a question, please select the raise and option 
under the reaction tab of zoom application. We will now wait for a moment until the question 
two assemblies.  
We will take the first question from Suruchi Parmar, please go ahead. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Good morning, sir. I am Suruchi Parmar from NX Wealth Management. Just wanted to ask 
a question like last concall I remember you have told that in Orange plant, you have some 
labour problems. So, while you are planning to increase your capacity in Rodney Hunt, and 
also in Houston, you are planning for the plant setup. So will this be a problem with labour 
shortage, and how you are going to deal with it. 
Pratik Patel: 
Orange labour shortage is there, and Orange key management is a problem. These are the 
two problems in Orange. However, there is the BABA Act in America, and BABA Act in 
America mandates that for certain type of projects by 2029, 90% of value addition has to be 
done in America.  
I would have to invest in America. Now where to invest? We are investing in Houston, 
because we are facing some problems with the availability of people in Orange. So we are 
investing in Houston. However, the Houston facility will not be able to take care of all the 
production that we are planning in America, so Orange also will coexist, now because we 
are missing problem, I cannot say we will do nothing in Orange. We have to grow Orange 
also get a better team of people, maybe hope more and more people will be willing to work 
in America in time to come in manufacturing. And with that positive note, we have to go 
ahead. I have got a big infrastructure in Orange. I cannot keep it aside and plan similar 
infrastructure in Houston. So I do believe we have a chance to get our act right in orange 
with competent manpower, we have put a new operations head in America who has been 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
with us for a few months, and I am quite confident he has the capability to turn around our 
situation in Orange. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Sir you said in your opening mark that if the same situation of tariff continues, then we get 
a hit of Rs.1-2 crores 
Pratik Patel: 
Its $1-2 million that is Rs.8-15 crore. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Okay. This is because while your plant is still under construction in Houston and after the 
Houston facility and your wrap up in other Rodney Hunt and Orange. It will improve the 
situation, or still, you will face such problems if the same tariff structure continues.  
Pratik Patel: 
So please understand the tariff affects only the orders which we have already taken and 
which we are going to make in India. Tariff does not affect the new orders. The new orders 
we are already increasing, whatever is the tariff adding to it for India sourcing and quoting. 
So the available orders in hand only are going to get affected and out of that orders which 
are going to be produced in India, not the whole Rodney Hunt order book, only that part of 
orders which are going to be produced in India that is going to be subjected to the increased 
tariff.  
Suruchi Parmar: 
Okay. What about like the figure for new orders you received in the first quarter? 
Dharmendra Jain: 
We have already made provisions for what has been done. It was 25% earlier, and now it is 
50%. For new orders that we have booked, we have factored the tariff into the estimates, 
though some of the orders may be from last year. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Okay. Thank you, sir.  
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. Next question is from Dheeraj, please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
Dheeraj: 
Thank you for taking my question, sir. Can you please throw some light on these cross 
margins? However, we are in line to achieve the top line guidance, and we are given but 
going forward how can we estimate the gross margin to shape and what is the reason behind. 
There is a slight dip in gross margins last quarter two and this quarter two. So, going ahead, 
how can we take these margins and what is impacting these margins? 
Pratik Patel: 
The difference in margin is only about 1%, if I understand correctly, between last quarter 
and now. Irrespective of whether we manufacture in India or America, there is no significant 
impact on the gross margin. When we produce in America, we work on an American cost 
basis sourcing raw materials from the US, paying US labour costs, and covering US 
overheads then adding our margins on top. So, the dynamics remain the same whether 
production is in America or India. 
Compared to our competitors in America, our position is favourable because we have a team 
of 25-30 engineers in India supporting estimation, project management, and design 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
engineering at a comparatively lower cost. This enhances our competitiveness and allows us 
to capture higher margins than they can. 
Additionally, given the current push to produce in America, all players are facing similar 
cost pressures. If they were earlier sourcing materials from Mexico or China, that option is 
now restricted, so everyone’s costs are rising in line with the higher American cost base. 
Therefore, this situation should not negatively affect our margin profile. 
Dheeraj: 
Okay, sir. Can you tell me how much revenue has been booked from the Kansas project this 
quarter? 
Pratik Patel: 
From the Kansas project I cannot give a breakup like that, but around I would say, out of the 
Rodney Hunt revenue at least 15-20% must be from the Kansas project. 
Dharmendra Jain: 
45,000 in this quarter, because of Kansa product  
Dhiraj: 
Okay, got it and just one last question, then I will fall back in the queue. In this quarter, the 
screening equipment revenue has decreased a little bit compared to YoY in our revenue.  
Pratik Patel: 
We cannot compare quarter to quarter output of different products. We are in custom build. 
We are not in mass production. So sometimes certain products are required more, sometimes 
certain products are required less. So annually or quarterly, you cannot compare different 
product output.  
Sometimes the gate may be more, sometimes the screen may be more, sometimes the valve 
may be more. It all depends upon the project, which type of projects we take and which type 
of projects are coming out to tender. 
Dheeraj: 
Okay, so is this mix between screening equipment and gates is also affecting the gross level  
Pratik Patel: 
No.  
Dhiraj: 
Okay, sir. I will get back in queue. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. The next question is from Navani. Please unmute herself and 
Navani Naredi: 
Hello, yes. Hi. This is Navani Naredi from Naredi Investment Private Limited, and I have 
got 2 to 3 questions. So first of all, I would like to know how the performance of disc filters 
in this Q1 FY26 and how much it has contributed to the overall revenue. 
Pratik Patel: 
No disc filter was delivered in Q1 we have got order for 6-7 disc filters, they are all at 
approval stages, and this disc filters, orders would be executed in Q2-Q3 
Navani Naredi: 
All right, and what is the reason behind the decline in domestic demand? 
Pratik Patel: 
Of which item? 
Navani Naredi: 
Like the results, I could see like there is a decline in Shivpad. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Pratik Patel: 
There is no decline in domestic demand. On the end of the quarter, we have to deliver 
material. Now, if the client is not opening an LC, we generally do not deliver the material. 
We also delivered Rs.28 crore worth of material in the quarter, but they have not been taken 
in revenue because they did not reach the site on the last day of the quarter. So, if you see 
overall order booking for domestic business has increased. So the demand scenario, on 
annualize basis you can say, but quarter basis the reason is sometime also, if the payment 
have not come, we don't deliver the next lot of material. 
Dharmendra Jain: 
The opening and closing reversal net effect is Rs.13 crore approximately, because last year 
the closing reversal is around Rs.18 crore, whereas this year our closing reversal is Rs.28 
crore, so Rs.9 crore is the closing reversal effect and opening reversal also reversal. Because 
in last quarter of March, it's reversal is of Rs.39 crore, whereas this year Rs.35 crore. So, 
overall Rs.13 crore effect is reversal. So the actual effect is there. 
Navani Naredi: 
So like for the whole year, FY26 guidance for Shivpad will continue to stay strong. Can I 
assume that. 
Pratik Patel: 
All the four subsidiaries, the guidance would be there. We are expecting to touch Rs.860 
plus something. Rs.860 I had informed then too it is a conservative figure, so we are still 
maintaining the guidance. As I said, the only problem that may occur is not on the top line. 
It may occur little bit on the bottom line because of this tariff situation, we don't know every 
day Mr. Trump changes his statement. So how can I, as a manufacturer, plan for all those 
things. So, until there is some stability on the tariff front, I will not be in a position to say 
how our will be hit by the tariff or and what it would result into in our PAT. That's why I 
gave a guidance that with Rs.860 crore revenue, our PAT profile would be within Rs.80-110 
crore range, depending upon finally what happens at the tariff level. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. We will take a next question from Sushil Dhoot. Please unmute and go ahead. 
Sushil Dhoot: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity, sir, I have a couple of question. First, when we 
should expect the US plant to start full-fledged production?  
Pratik Patel: 
Within 2026. So in June, we took the decision to defer the office and build the plant. In July, 
I gave the drawings. In August first week, we have got the initial reports from the city about 
what is possible, what is not possible. It will remodify our plans and circulate in August, and 
I expect to get approvals by November, December, construction would start. Houston facility 
construction is expected to start. We already placed the order, by the way, so the construction 
is expected to start by January, February and we have been told 9 months are required to 
commission the plant. So definitely, even if there is a delay, completion is expected within 
2026. 
Sushil Dhoot: 
Thank you, sir.  And second, how much Capex for this year and how much we are paying 
for the acquisition. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Pratik Patel: 
Acquisition, both the acquisition put together, we will be spending around Rs.40 crore  
Sushil Dhoot: 
And any capex amount guidance, sir. How much we are spending this year. 
Pratik Patel: 
Close to 40 crore. 
Sushil Dhoot: 
Okay, and the last question, sir, is there any legacy orders are still there in our order book, 
which are margin direct, if I am not wrong, last quarter it was. 
Pratik Patel: 
Legacy orders are there, but if they are profitable, neither you nor I should be worried. If 
there are legacy orders at a loss, then both of us should be concerned. The Kansas order in 
America is still ongoing, and I expect to complete it by January–February. This Kansas order 
is the only legacy order that carries a negative outlook for us. 
Sushil Dhoot: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity, and best of luck.  
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Pariksit Kabra. Please go ahead. 
Pariksit Kabra: 
Hi. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I wanted to double click on the demand side 
again, sir. I know you are saying that the demand has not changed, but if we look at the order 
book, even though the order book has been rising at a broad level, the speed at which is 
rising is falling consistently. So, we have peaked at 28% order book growth then went to 
13%, 10%, 3% and this time it's minus 8% and what is also another trend is that in the export 
order book, we have not actually shown any major growth over the last almost 5 quarters. 
and the domestic order book has its own trend. But let me at least begin with an overall order 
book and the export order book. Can you please explain what is happening in the demand 
scenario here that why are we seeing the same kind of 15-20% order book growth that we 
were seeing earlier. 
Pratik Patel: 
See one of the biggest reason is in America. Now, my order book in America, as of today is 
$40 million. However, we do not have capacity to produce more than that present in 
America. So, I can take orders, but it would be like putting into a problem, because when 
you cannot deliver the older orders, and you keep on taking new orders, you will face 
problem. That is why we are building up capacities so that we can produce in America. The 
new orders in America are more and more BABA compliant, which means you have to 
produce in America. Now, if my capacities are constrained, I will prefer not to take too many 
orders so that I don't displease the customer, but you can ask, why did we not build up the 
capacity before. We did not build up because we were not so sure about high tariffs. If the 
tariffs are low, non-BABA jobs we can still do in India, but with high tariffs, even non-
BABA jobs we will have to do in America. So, one of the major reasons has been low intake 
of orders in America because of that. So, we have not grown in the same rate in America, 
order booking wise, as we were growing before. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Pariksit Kabra: 
Perfect makes sense. And in terms of domestic the last two quarters, there has been a slower 
growth in order book. So is there any change in the demand scenario within India itself or is 
this just a matter of quarter to quarter trends.  
Pratik Patel: 
It is also quarter to quarter trend. See, understand, last year, MCGM announced Rs.21,000 
crore worth of orders for wastewater treatment plant. So, all those orders we also got was in 
the last year. Now, these all orders by the time they come in for MCGM, by next 2-3 months, 
all those orders would have come in. So obviously thereafter there will be no orders from 
MCGM, and then other projects will come and the order. So, our order accumulation also 
sometimes could be lumpy, but will not be like a commercial industry where every month a 
fixed intake of order will be there and they will grow every year. So, I would say we have 
to look at two things when we see an order book. As a company, I look at two things. One, 
what is my capacity. Can I deliver these orders within a year because if I take orders for 
more than a year delivery, because it is a fixed cost order I open myself to some risk, and 
the global uncertainty ensures that your well at plans can go wrong. So, if my capacity to 
produce is of Rs.800 crore, I should not take orders of more than Rs.1000 crore, that is how 
we plan. And in that case, what we try to do is, if we cannot take more order, we try to take 
more profitable order so that our bottom line improves. That is how we consider our order 
intake, not year on year or quarter on quarter.  
Pariksit Kabra: 
Got it sir, perfect. Sir thank you.  
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from Bala from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead, 
sir.  
Bala: 
Thank you so much for the opportunities, sir. My first question regarding this Waterfront 
UK business, post acquisitions, we are lacking on that revenue target side. Just want to 
understand what kind of specific onboarding challenges are there for delaying and when we 
can expect the break even and how does this UK acquisition pipeline align with our 
diversification boards. 
Pratik Patel: 
As far as Waterfront is considered when we acquired it, the team was only 9-10 people. 
Presently, it is close to 18-19, people. We have acquired one more shade, we have put in 
production facility in place. We are now recruiting people to start production. Production 
has been started, but it's a very low key production, but we are starting to recruit people to 
increase the production output in UK. Now why we are producing in UK, the reason we are 
producing in UK is because certain job need delivery in 3-4 months. This we cannot cater to 
from India. Same in America, same in UK, certain jobs have to be produced in UK because 
of the delivery issue. So, now to get everything in place in a manufacturing industry is not 
easy, manpower, machinery, place, etc.  I am quite confident this year we would be able to 
break even. It will not continue like Rodney Hunt 3 or 4 years, I am quite confident this year 
we will be able to break even. And with our current new acquisition, we get a new product 
also, and we are going to the heartland of UK in the Midlands, which will bring us proximity 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
to customers, as well as a service center in the heart of England. So, with those 
developments, I am quite confident that the merge company Waterfront and the new 
company in time to come would be giving the same type of top line growth as well as bottom 
line growth in the coming years. 
Bala: 
So, my second question, WesTech, India acquisition, like a post-acquisition like we aims to 
enter into industrial process, equipment, especially into mining, metals and paper side, and 
what kind of synergies we can expect with Shivpad municipal focus and how we will 
integrate WesTech team technologies without margin dilutions. And secondly, if you could 
throw some light on what kind of revenue and EBITDA and kind of margins, and what kind 
of cost in terms of purchase and if we are doing any subcontracting, and thirdly, what kind 
of utilization levels we can expect.  
Pratik Patel: 
So what I remember, let me answer to you. Regarding WesTech, if someone had asked 
before WesTech or the company we are going to acquire before, I would not be able to reveal 
individual details, as I had not yet completed due diligence. But total sum is not going to be 
more than Rs.40 crores. They reported revenue of Rs.55 crore and profit of Rs.4 crore. so it 
is a profitable company. This addresses the financial aspect of WesTech. 
Coming to synergy between Shivpad and WesTech - as I mentioned earlier, both the 
companies did not have manufacturing facility. . Now, with an in-house manufacturing 
facility, we have ensured there is sufficient workload to operate it profitably, while also 
enabling future growth for both companies. 
Bala: 
Thank you.  
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. We will take a next question from Samarth. Please unmute yourself and go 
ahead.  
Samarth: 
Hi, good morning, Prateek, sir. First of all, congratulations on a very resilient performance 
and laying down the expectations for the year. Sir, last concall you alluded to Saudi is a big 
opportunity for us and you said that we were exploring something in Rasul Kema or building 
a plant over there. So, anything happening on that front, sir. 
Pratik Patel: 
Sanjay Sharma, our Vice President sales and marketing is in Saudi Arabia having meetings 
on the same issue. So, until we have all the data, then only we will be able to tell what we 
are going to do. But yes, we are still moving in the same direction.  
Samarth: 
Sure, sir. One thing more, what is the current capacity that we are having right now? I mean, 
leaving aside US, we would be doing expansion also. So is it fair to assume that we have 
production capacity of more than Rs.1000 crores. And with the US expansion, which will 
take place in the meantime, maybe by the middle of next year, what is the kind of capacity 
we would have built up? 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Pratik Patel: 
With the current capacity, including all the ongoing expansions, we will be around Rs.1000 
crore. With the US expansion, this could go anywhere between Rs.1,300–1,500 crore, 
depending on how many shifts we are willing to operate .  
If we increase the shift - for example, at Shivpad where we have just started the production. 
if we are able to cope up, and if we are able to do three shift, Shivpad production will also 
increase multiple times. However, sometime I may have shifts, but if the client don't take 
delivery. I am not able to produce because these are heavy equipments. So, I would say 
conservatively Rs.1000 crore and Rs.1500 crore. Currently, Rs.1000 crore and with all the 
expansion Rs.1500 crore. 
Samarth: 
Got it Sir and this capex would be through internal accrual only, or we would be needing 
funds for additional capacity, whatever maintenance capex and expansion capex we have. 
Pratik Patel: 
So, America, we will not need to raise a lot of funds. We may plan for $6-6.5 million capex 
in America, out of which we have already raised $4 million one year back. So, in America 
the difference maybe $2 million approximately for which the American banks are willing to 
give us loans. The capex would be only Rs.36-40 crore. And further, we need around Rs.40 
crore for acquisition. So, I think we may go for minor debt. It would be minor. The company 
only has Rs.10 crore debt as of now. So may be another Rs.15-20, crore that we may take, 
but that is depending upon what happens with the tariff situation in America. If everything 
stabilized, we believe that the internal accruals will be strong, then we may reduce the extent 
of that.  
Samarth: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. And just one final question, if I can squeeze in. I know it's a difficult 
estimate to make, but by the year end, is there any order book size we have in our mind that 
this is something at a baseline level we should be having, keeping in mind uncertainties and 
the new acquisition, tapping the market. So, any assumption on that. 
Pratik Patel: 
Let me tell you one thing, if you heard what I answered to someone who was in the queue 
before you was if my production capacity is Rs.800 crore, I would not like to take orders 
worth more than Rs.1000 crore, it means around 13-14 months, 15 months order book.  
So, if this year we do Rs.860 crores and next Rs.1000-1050 crores, so we should have 
Rs.1100 crore order book by end of 31 March 2026. 
Samarth: 
Okay, sir, I think that's very reassuring. Thank you.  I was looking at that kind of a number 
only, whether we are targeting a pessimist view. 
Pratik Patel: 
If we target 10 months to 12-month order book at the end of the year, and if it is little bit 
more, we can go to 13 or 14, but not more than that.  
Samarth: 
Got it, sir. Thank you and all the best for the coming months.  
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. We will take the next question Kunal from Sunidhi. Please unmute yourself and 
go ahead 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Kunal: 
Hi, sir. I just have one question. So, let's say, if the tariff situation is the same as 50% so the 
new orders that could be getting from US, will that be on the same margin? How is the 
negotiation over there and how is the competitive landscape now. 
Pratik Patel: 
What has happened in America is, as soon as the tariff come in the domestic industry, from 
raw material supplier to all manufacturer, including Rodney, and in this their price. So, for 
the new orders, tariff is not an issue. Tariff is an issue for orders which we have already 
taken. And these are fixed price order. Some places we are negotiating with the client and 
they are good enough to accept our pain, but some places they say no, so that is where we 
get a hit.  
Dharmendra Jain: 
We do not change any pricing policy because of any issue. We have the interest thing. 
Pratik Patel: 
The tariff is added in the estimation. 
Kunal: 
Okay, so that level of margins we will still be able to confidently make for the new orders. 
Pratik Patel: 
Understand not only Rodney Hunt, everyone in US has increased. 
Kunal: 
Okay and sir, now in the Houston plant, there will be proper foundry unit. There will be a 
proper machine shop, everything. 
Pratik Patel: 
No, foundry in America. We have a big pressure to start the foundry, but we are not going 
to do it.  
Kunal: 
Sir, any reason why. 
Pratik Patel: 
We already have foundry in our campus, which we have closed down. 
Kunal: 
Okay, sir, so there will only be like machine shop and assembly and testing unit, fabrication.  
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Pariksit. Please go ahead.  
Pariksit: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity again. I was just thinking about what you said for my 
earlier question about how we are capacity constrained in the US, and hence the order book 
is not rising in the exports market. Our earlier strategy was that you would obviously 
supplement our US capacity using our Indian capacity, and the last quarter or the last few 
weeks, the tariff situation has got deteriorated so badly that's creating a question mark. But 
why would that have impacted the last 4-5 quarters, I am just trying to wrap my head around 
that. 
Pratik Patel: 
Please understand, did you see the growth of Rodney Hunt. You cant grow like this forever, 
and the manufacturing capacities don't grow like that. So a day will come when you have to 
slow down. So from 18 we went to 26, from 26 we went to 36 but from 36 I am not going 
to 45 we now plan at 40. 
 
We cannot have such thing. In three years we doubled our turnover, consolidated turnover 
we doubled in three years. But do you think we can have the same scorching space forever 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
in a manufacturing industry, very difficult. I need to build up the teams first otherwise you 
will make huge mistakes. So we have started building up the teams. That is why our 
manpower cost has gone up little bit. So now we are building team for Rs.1000-1100 crore 
revenue. So, we will first build up the team, then take the orders, and then we will go ahead. 
Pariksit: 
Got it sir. So any sense of when you think you will be in a position to expand your US order 
intake, because your capacity will be ready. 
Pratik Patel: 
It is a relation to tariff, if the tariff is higher, we have to expand US and not take orders. If 
tariff is low, we can still deliver from India. So, it is a fluid situation as of now, considering 
that tariff may continue. I would say we would not like to grow aggressively in America, 
because all those orders would have uncertainty. We took some orders with 25% tariff. Now, 
as of two days back, 25% has gone to 50% so we feel foolish to take those orders now. So, 
we have to be certain about what is going to be the situation and then take the call. On an 
investor I cannot tell what we are planning and when we are going to do that, unfortunately, 
because it is not in my hand. It is in the end of Mr. Trump.  
Dharmendra Jain: 
Expansion will take around six months to one year, so it may depend on the situation. So we 
will take accordingly. 
Pariksit: 
Okay, thank you.  
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Krupanshu Shah. Please go ahead. 
Krupanshu Shah: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity, and my apologies for harping on gross margins again, but 
I just wanted to understand we do have some Kansas orders left and some low margin and 
loss making orders to go through. So, do we expect to go back to our gross margins of 55-
60% going forward or will that be difficult for you to comment. That's my first. 
Pratik Patel: 
It would be difficult, not because of the Kansas project, but because of tariff. Kansas project 
more than 50% already has been done, and it has been factored into our projections, tariff 
was not factored into our projections. 
Krupanshu Shah: 
Okay, understood. And we also spoke about some large orders in Southeast Asia, Hong 
Kong few quarters ago. So has there been some traction over there that would be, thanks. 
Pratik Patel: 
Yeah, some orders have already come in, and other order we are expecting within next few 
months. Overall, please let us understand one thing, it is not only India that is affected. Every 
country is in turmoil everywhere order placements and everything has slowed down. In fact, 
because of tariff, we lost a large order, which was nearly signed. We lost it because people 
were so much afraid to place an order because of the hard tariff being broadcasted by Mr. 
Trump on his social media. So, until the situation stabilizes, no on would be in a position to 
go ahead with their plans. I was in Japan, I was in Vietnam, everywhere it is a mess. No one 
knows how to go ahead. 
Krupanshu Shah: 
Fair enough, sir. Thank you. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Ravi Shankararan. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Shankararan: 
I want to ask you, at what percentage tariffs are you comfortable with. Let's say it stays at 
25% is that. 
Pratik Patel: 
See, 25% tariff will not hurt us. One of the reason why any tariff will not hurt us is as soon 
as tariff are announced, the domestic industry raises the price of their products in America. 
So, if Rodney Hunt costing is based on American costing than they are not going to bother 
about tariff. Tariff affects only for orders which you have already taken, and for those orders 
in tariff increases. Suppose I have taken an order with zero tariff and now it is 25 tariffs, 
then it hurts me. I have taken an order with 25 and becomes 50 tariffs, it hurts me. I have 
taken order with 50 tariff, and then I am lucky as the tariff goes down to 50, then I benefit. 
So, tariff will only affect us where we have already taken order, considering XYZ tariff, and 
then it has gone up. However, all the raw material pricing bought out pricing in America, 
not everything is produced in America, so everything is coming from outside. So as soon as 
tariff is applied, all the prices go up in America and accordingly we are considering those 
increased prices. So, for us, tariff hurts only when we have taken the order and there is a 
change.  
Ravi Shankararan: 
No, but in the other scenario, let's say, for India's 25% and another country is say 10-15% 
for our competing company in some other region 
Pratik Patel: 
25% will not hurt us. If you remember, in early April, put out a message to NSE when 25% 
tariff was announced, and we are comfortable with that, it doesn't hurt us. The orders which 
we already had, it will address there, but more than that, it will not hurt us 
Siddesh Chawan: 
We will take the next question from Akash Shah. Please go ahead. 
Akash Shah: 
Hello, sir. This is Akash from Asian Broking Pune. So, I don't know if this question will 
apply to Jash or not, given the manpower situation for Orange and in general in different 
places, is there a way for using AI or any such tools to help us or not. 
Pratik Patel: 
In manufacturing, AI will not be able to help us. 
Akash Shah: 
Okay. No, I meant from a design perspective. 
Pratik Patel: 
That we are already doing automation in design. 
Akash Shah: 
Okay, all right. Thank you so much, sir.  
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Surya. Please go ahead. 
Surya:  
Thank you for taking me. So, one question continuing from the earlier colleagues. So, you 
are telling that for the new orders, it is not problem. That means, for 50% uploading of the 
prices don't you think that the people will defer the orders or future orders, because in that 
case, the project cost will be very much high and obviously people will see that sometimes 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
maybe Trump will relent and it could be soften. So that kind of situation will emerge and 
may be demand deferment will happen. 
Pratik Patel: 
Slight deferment is already there. Understand you are a contractor, you took a job 
considering XYZ prices, and then the tariff comes in and the prices goes up. Then the 
contractor takes a hit if he has not placed the order, but if he has placed the order, the 
manufacturer takes the hit. So everyone is suffering. It is not that US contractors are not 
suffering, they are also suffering. I just to give you an example of the plant we are building 
in Houston. We place the order in May, June and already he is now talking about increasing 
the price, because his input prices have gone up. Because we did not give advance, we have 
no leverage, so I will have to increase the price, because otherwise he will say I will not do 
the job. So, everyone is going to suffer. Tariff is not going to make only Indian company or 
a Chinese company or a American or European company suffer, everyone down the value 
chain is going to suffer.  
Surya: 
So, how do you then tackle the old order where we are going to take a hit. So obviously the 
top line won't be having any issues, but the at the EBITDA level or at the margin level, it 
will be definitely having a very big impact. So, where the customers are asking, at the 
moment before 50%, 25% stays what the customers were, maybe you can say negotiating 
with us on a discount basis or what. If you can give some color to that. 
Pratik Patel: 
So, first of all, this is ironical. Jash does not take order in America, Rodney Hunt takes order 
in America, right.  
 
And Rodney Hunt does not have to say where it is going to be produced until it is a BABA 
order that is built in America. So, Rodney Hunt can get from Jash India, can get from 
Waterfront, can get from China, wherever they want from. Client is not interested to know. 
It is a Rodney Hunt product that is buying. So for him, he has a fixed price at which he gets, 
where Rodney and gets it from he is not interested to know.  
 
And so if the tariff is applied, Rodney Hunt will pay more for what Jash has given to Rodney 
Hunt, and Rodney Hunt and would have to absorb that. So, that the client, whether tariff 
goes up or tariff goes down, client is not going to talk to Rodney Hunt and about it. 
Surya: 
Okay. So, universal thing, though, it is a very tough question in your circle, what are the 
index list there or maybe Indian caucus maybe they are talking or what are you hearing about 
the tariff? Will Trump relent or that kind of stance will continue. 
Pratik Patel: 
I am not a politician. 
Surya: 
Among the industries, I am saying whatever let's say you could be talking to your circle. 
Maybe you could be reaching to a bigger circle.  
Pratik Patel: 
No one is happy with the situation, but no one has control over the situation. So, everyone 
is just assuming everything. You have to have the final conclusion on the tariff known before 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
anyone would be able to exert guess. I think we are still 2-3 months of conflict is going to 
be there.  
Surya: 
Correct. Thank you.  
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Vedant Rane. Please go ahead.  
Vedant Rane: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. So, I would like to ask how much percentage of US 
order book comprises where tariff is impacting, like orders before April, where tariff was 
zero. 
Pratik Patel: 
So, I would say we had around Rs.50-60 crore worth of deliveries from India to America. 
That's why I said $1-2 million 
Vedant Rane: 
Okay, sir. Thanks. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
There is the question on a chat box from Ayush Rathi from Aditya Birla Money. While we 
are guiding Rs.860 crores revenue and a PAT of Rs.80 crores, have we accounted the Rs.8-
15 crore tariff pressure to stay on a conservative side.  
Pratik Patel: 
Yes. See, there is another issue I have not talked about. If I get hurt by tariff, I also get benefit 
by depreciation of rupee. But the benefit of depreciation of rupee is on the whole export 
order, not only America. So that will go to the benefit of the company. So, I would say Rs.80 
crores as I said was on the worst case. But some benefits will also kick in because the rupee 
will depreciate.  
Siddesh Chawan: 
Okay, thank you. We will take the last question for a day from Navani Naredi. Please go 
ahead. 
Navani Naredi: 
Hi, thank you for giving me the opportunity again. Well, I just want to tell you that I am very 
bullish on this business, and I have been following your company since 3-4 quarters now, 
and the only question about is the Saudi Arabia and the UAE business. Since, there is a lot 
of demand, which I think personally will be coming from that region. So going forward, can 
we see the change in mix like coming from Saudi and will you penetrate in that market more 
than the America or the Europe in coming years? And can we expect our top line to grow, 
like to double in next 3-4 years? Thanks. 
Pratik Patel: 
Top line we have doubled in 3 years. It is not realistic to expect we are able to double it in 
next 3 years. It is not possible. It needs lot of infrastructure improvements and capability 
enhancement. So, selling such dream, I would say it is wrong. But yes, we do plan to double 
the top line in 4-5 years. Four years also would be very optimistic, but five years is possible, 
point number one. Point number two on Saudi Arabia, see if Modiji says Make in India and 
America says make in America, Saudi is also saying make in Saudi. So, the reason we are 
investigating, setting up a plant in Saudi is not because the Saudi market is big, but because 
if you are not invested in Saudi the chance of getting orders is going to be bleak. So, that is 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
the reason our vice president presently is in Saudi Arabia talking to what can be done and 
how can be done.  
Navani Naredi: 
All right, thank you, and all the best for the future, and I am looking forward to the next call. 
Thank you.  
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I would request Pratik sir, for a closing comments. 
Pratik Patel: 
So, it has been tough quarter and the situation in the market. However, I assure you all that 
at the end of the year we may still surprise you, not as before, but we may still surprise you, 
we still will maintain our top line. on the bottom line as I said so many things depends but it 
would not be horror story. The bottom line would be within Rs.80-110 crore bracket range 
depending upon how soon this tariff angle is solved. With that, I would like to conclude the 
meeting and say, once again, thank you everyone for patiently listening to me. If we could 
not address anyone's query, please approach Siddesh and he can send it to me, and we will 
reply to you. We have another investor visit planned today. More than 42 investors are in 
Chennai to visit us and so we are constructing time and that is why we cannot extend this 
any further. Thank you. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today. If you have additional questions as Pratik Sir said 
you can reach out to us anytime. We wish you a good health and look forward to seeing you 
again next quarter. Have a good day. Thank you. 
 
(This transcript has been edited, without altering the content, to ensure clarity and improve readability.) 
 
