 
                                                                             
 
 
 
 
Kellton Tech Solutions Ltd., CIN: L72200TG1993PLC016819  
Regd. Office: Plot No. 1367, Road No. 45, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad-500033, Telangana, India  
Tel: +91-40-44333000 Email: info@kellton.com Website: www.kellton.com  
Plot No. 404-405, 6th Floor, iLABS Centre, Udyog Vihar, Phase III, Gurugram-122016, Haryana, India Tel: +91-124-4698900 
 
Ref no.- KTSL/2025-2026/038 
 
To 
 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai-400001 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 519602 
Scrip Code: KELLTONTEC 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q1/FY 26 Earnings Call  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of Q1/FY 26 Earnings Call held on Wednesday, August 13, 2025.  
 
Further, in accordance to Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript is also available on the website of the Company.   
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For and on behalf of 
Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
 
 
Rahul Jain 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
  
Rahul 
Jain
Digitally signed 
by Rahul Jain 
Date: 2025.08.20 
17:52:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 5 
Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
Q1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Welcome to the Kellton Tech Solutions Limited Q1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. I would like to thank you all for participating in the company’s earnings 
call for the 1st Quarter of the Financial Year 2026. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements 
made in today’s con-call may be forward-looking in nature and such forward-looking 
statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from 
those anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as assumptions 
made from information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not 
to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose for today’s earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the company’s fundamentals business and a financial quarter under review. 
I would now like to introduce you to the Management participating with us in today’s earnings 
call. We have with us today Mr. Niranjan Chintam - Chairman and Whole time Director, Mr. 
Karanjit Singh – Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Srinivas Potluri – Chief Executive Officer from 
USA. Thank you and over to you Mr. Niranjan Chintam sir. Thank you and over to you. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you Palak. Good morning, good evening wherever you are. Want to start off with the 
financial numbers, and then we will talk about operational highlights. So on a consolidated 
financial we were happy to post Rs.296 crores as the top line for Q1 FY’26 with an EBITDA of 
Rs.35 crores and a PAT of Rs.22 crores. With the EBITDA percentage is 12.1% and the EPS stands 
at Rs.2.32. The revenue growth shows about 12.8% on a year-on-year growth and a 3% growth 
on a quarter-on-quarter. And the EBITDA growth is 10.2% on a year-on-year growth with a PAT 
of 13.5% year-on-year growth. 
Now on a standalone basis, we showed a top line of Rs.53 crores, which is about 15.7% increase 
over the last quarter. Just want to caution here, this quarter reflected hardware sale, we 
announced this Oil India contract that we have won. There was a big hardware component to 
this quarter. Hence you see a increase of this size, whereas profitability has not increased. The 

 
Page 2 of 5 
reason for that is, typically in a hardware the margins are lower compared to services. The EPS 
on a standalone basis we came up with is Rs.0.28. With that, I want to hand over to Karanjit to 
talk about operational and customer wins. Karanjit, over to you.  
Karanjit Singh: 
Hello. Good evening everyone, and thank you, Niranjan. So let me first give you a little bit of 
details on the client wins. So we had three significant client wins in this quarter. I will speak a 
little bit about them. The first one is basically we partnered with a global beverages leader to 
implement a configuration compliance solution that will provide continuous monitoring and 
streamlined automation that will ensure regulatory adherence and operational control. So this 
was basically targeted towards improving their governance, the clients governance and audit 
readiness, and reducing the compliance risks. 
The second one is also something similar, but this is with the leading US healthcare health 
insurer, to integrate their security center and deliver automated and scalable workflows that 
will again help with regulatory compliance and risk management. So this solution kind of 
enables real time vulnerability detection, it accelerates the incident response and strengthen 
the overall cyber security defenses. So these are two in that area. 
The third one is, we have partnered with a premier Indian travel technology provider, and we 
are helping them with basically the backend engineering. And this is pretty complex in high end 
engineering, and this would also be backend engineering on the Agentic AI and AI driven 
automation and workflows, as well as sort of streamlining their integration with MEDs and a 
couple of other integrations that they have. So these were the three significant wins for this 
quarter. 
Next, I will just touch upon a little bit on the operational highlights. So the first one, over there 
that I would like to sort of mention is that, we basically seamlessly migrated mission critical 
application for one of the world's largest agriculture and food production enterprises. So we 
moved them over, cut them over to a modern enterprise platform. And the key highlight here 
is that we did this while achieving zero downtime. So of course, we worked very closely with 
the clients global teams. So this kind of really helps showcases our expertise in executing 
complex, high risk migrations and uninterrupted operations through all of it all.  
The second one that I just wanted to mention was, we were amongst a select group of 
organizations that were invited to NATO conference in Finland, where we have a key project 
that we run for them, so where we presented this key project outcomes and also addressed 
the complex client challenges that we addressed under tight timelines. And this earned a lot of 
praise from the NATO representative for the clarity with which we did it, and the 
professionalism. We had a long standing relationship with them, then of course, there is a 
roadmap. We have been working on the future roadmap as well. 

 
Page 3 of 5 
The third one is where we actually partnered with a big four firm. So this firm, for its ultimate 
client, was working on advanced agentic workflows and decision logic. And at the back end it 
is Kellton that sort of helped with developing and enhancing enhancements to a climate AI 
control tool. And the last one is something that Kellton has done on its own, which is about 
launching KAI. KAI is our enterprise grade agentic AI platform. This platform is something that 
we have built and it helps with autonomously managing workflows, approvals, actions across 
finance or operations or HR and support. So its very typical of any agentic AI kind of a platform. 
And this, the good thing is that this platform can seamlessly integrate with enterprise systems, 
and delivers intelligent and context aware automation at scale that helps with accelerating 
client decisions, workflows and of course boosting their efficiency. So, these were the things 
around the clients and operational highlights. Back to you, Niranjan. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you Karanjit. Palak can you open up for questions please. 
Moderator:  
Yes, sir. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Gaurav Shah from Harshad Gandhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Shah: 
Sir, can you pour some color on the current business environment in the US because of Trump 
and tariff issue and all that? 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Sure, Gaurav I will give a very high level and then ask Srinivas Potluri, who is based out of US, 
to give more color to that. So Gaurav, currently right, the tariffs that is happening is more on 
the on the good side, and not the services side. There is no impact directly to us, there is always 
going to be an indirect impact. The indirect impact is that, every customer is being careful in 
how they spend the dollars. But what is helping us Gaurav is, unlike before for the digital 
transformation typically, the digital transformation initiatives were either done by the IT 
people, or let's say the digital officers kind of initiatives, whereas the AI part is now driven from 
the C suite. Okay, so that's the reason why we are seeing lot of traction where the CEOs or the 
CXOs are asking questions, what is our AI strategy, how can we save money in our retain 
customers, how can I increase my profitability, all those things that the CEOs are initiating. So 
we are in a good place where we are engaging directly with the CXOs, so that is helping us with 
our revenue that we are seeing, and we are hoping that this is going to continue on. With that, 
I want to ask Srinivas Potluri, who is based out of the US to give you a little bit more color than 
what I just stated. Srini, can you take that please? 
Srinivas Potluri: 
Thank you, Niranjan. Good morning, good evening everyone. Like Niranjan mentioned, there is 
no direct impact of tariffs on the service side, but due to some of the uncertainty, as well as 
there is some amount of collateral uncertainty that is risen due to this direct situation, and 
companies are holding back on their spend, waiting to see how this pans out. But like Niranjan 
said, it's a two way things because of AI and because of some of the layoffs that have been 
happening here in the US due to the uncertainty, AI is taken a forefront role in trying to 
understand how to build it. So we are engaging on the AI side with the CXOs, and we are trying 

 
Page 4 of 5 
to build business on the AI side of the enterprise, and how it can be utilized for building 
efficiencies and growth in this uncertain environment. So that's the key takeaway. Yes, there 
are pros and cons to this tariff, but maybe from a perspective of revenue growth in business a 
lot of this has got to do with initiatives that are being driven on the AI for enterprise. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Pratik Dedia, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Pratik Dedia: 
So, I wanted to check how are you classifying the AI revenue in terms of the segment. So, I see 
the revenue mix, revenue segment in terms of consulting, enterprise and digital 
transformation, that is one. And two in terms of, how are you looking at the incremental 
margins with implementation of agentic AI and based on that, if I have any follow up, I will 
check. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Okay, thank you for question Pratik. Pratik, at this point, we have not segmented out AI yet. 
Probably in the next quarter or so, we will start looking at to reclassify our grouping and come 
up with an AI only kind of revenue segment, we will look at that and get back to you if there is 
a realistic way of doing it, that is one. Coming to your margin questions, agentic AI initiatives 
are typically, the way we are approaching is use case by use case basis. So we are solving use 
cases one at a time for the customers, or multiple use cases in certain scenarios where they 
are saying, can you completely operationalize this particular the whole multiple use case 
scenario, and we are also engaging with the customer on that. So, I cannot give you a clear cut 
answer to what is the margin in that particular segment if you want to call it, because we are 
not tracking that at this point. 
Pratik Dedia: 
Okay, got it fair enough. But from what I understand in terms of whatever you shared from the 
investor presentation, these are more transformational in nature that you are getting client 
wins in terms of implementing agentic AI. So, I understand it would be difficult to put a number 
to it, but given the nature of the project that you are doing, would be helping you generate a 
lot more profit is that correct? 
Niranjan Chintam: 
So there is an increase in profitability when we go with AI or AI based solutions is, yes there is 
an increase in profitability for sure yes. 
Pratik Dedia: 
Okay, got it. And can you give some color in terms of project pipelines. Is there in terms of near 
term how things are looking, and what kind of long-term perspective, probably one year, two 
year down the line how do you see things? 
Niranjan Chintam: 
At this point we can only talk about our order book. I just want to make sure that, we clearly 
differentiate and our order book is looking around 10 months, is what the order book is looking 
at. So we are to be in a segment wise with the question might be enough, and we will continue 
to improve upon the segmentation just as and when we can, but our hope is that we are going 

 
Page 5 of 5 
to get that going sooner than later, but before the end of the Financial Year, is something that 
we should be able to get that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
If there is nobody else, let's just close the call. 
Moderator:  
Okay sir. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Niranjan sir for closing comments. 
Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call and your continued trust. One, I forgot to mention one 
thing, the earnings that we reported is on a Rs.5 face value, and not Rs.1 face value that is the 
post-split one. So any numbers that we are quoted is on the Rs.5 face value. Again, thank you 
for joining the call, and appreciate you joining. Looking forward to talking to you soon either in 
the next earnings call or sooner if your paths come our way, absolutely would love to meet and 
talk. Thank you and thank you, Palak. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Kellton Tech Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
