  
 
 
 
 
August 4, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MSUMI 
Scrip Code : 543498 
 
 
   Ref.: Transcript of the Investor call  
 
   Dear Sir (s)/ Madam(s),  
  
` This is with reference to our letter dated July 28, 2025 for Audio of Conference Call with 
the investors on the un-audited financial results for the first quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
In this connection, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference 
call.  
 
The above information has also been made available on the website of the company www. 
mswil.motherson.com 
at 
https://www.mswil.motherson.com/storage/Analyst-Call-
Transcripts/2025-26/Transcript_of_Investor_Call.04.08.25.pdf 
    
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours truly 
For Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
Pooja Mehra 
Company Secretary   
 
 
Encl:a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India) 
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L29306MH2020PLC341326 
E-mail: investorrelations@mswil.motherson.com  
website: www.mswil.motherson.com  
 
POOJA 
MEHRA
Digitally signed 
by POOJA MEHRA 
Date: 2025.08.04 
16:46:33 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 6 
 
 
“Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Q1 FY'26 Results Conference Call” 
July 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. VIVEK CHAAND SEHGAL 
CHAIRMAN, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. LAKSH VAAMAN SEHGAL 
DIRECTOR, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. ANURAG GAHLOT 
COO AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR,  
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. GULSHAN 
CFO, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. PANKAJ MITAL 
COO AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
SAMVARDHANA MOTHERSON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (SAMIL) 

 
 
 
                              Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                      July 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 6 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Results Conference Call hosted by 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*,’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V. C. Sehgal from Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the Results Conference Call 
of MSWIL. 
I am pleased to announce that the board has approved the results for the 1st Quarter of the Fiscal 
Year 2026. The Company has delivered a strong revenue of Rs. 2,494 crores during the quarter, out 
of which the new Greenfields contributed approximately Rs. 156 crores. EBITDA for the quarter stood 
at Rs. 244 crores, which is 15% growth year-on-year. 
MSWIL has significantly outpaced the industry, demonstrating a favorable volume and content mix 
further bolstered by our presence across the majority of the new models launched by the OEMs. I 
would like to highlight that one more Greenfield has come on stream in the quarter. Production lines 
in Navagam and Pune are now in ramp-up mode as per evolving customer schedules. 
With this, I would like to conclude my remarks. I have Pankaj, Anurag, and Gulshan with me to 
answer any questions. Over to you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple of queries on the results. Firstly, on the cost 
side, can you just give us some sense on what led to the sharp jump in the staff cost this quarter and 
directionally, how should we be thinking? Is there more to come from the new plants in terms of the 
increase in this line item? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Go ahead, Gulshan. Can you take this question? 
Gulshan: 
So largely, the manpower cost in the current quarter has got increased due to expansion units. There 
are a lot of manpower which have been hired just to train them and up-skill them before getting into 
the production line. And as you have already seen that some of the plants on the customer side have 
been deferred. So that is all the manpower costs have been incurred in the current quarter. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
And is there more to go on account of these new plants? Or should we sort of assume that cost more 
or less remains in this range and we should see the revenue kicking in as the new programs 
commissioned? 
Gulshan: 
So as the programs are commissioned and the new production orders have come in, you will find it 
consistent when we were there earlier. It is just that in the current quarter, you see a jump because 
of that expansion units and the plants have already been deferred from the customer side. 

 
 
 
                              Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                      July 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 6 
Pankaj Mital: 
I think if we understand your question right also, as the volumes will kick in, it is over a period of time. 
So the staff cost will go up slightly more as more and more volumes will come in in the next quarters 
over a period of time. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. And on the copper side, you did do point out that there is some inflation, I have, is there an 
element of copper inflation also reflecting in this quarter? 
Gulshan: 
So in terms of the copper, sorry, is the question complete now? Is the question complete? Should I 
answer? 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Gulshan: 
So in terms of the copper prices, if you always see that there is always a lag of quarter in terms of 
the adjustments. So there is a marginal impact as the copper prices are upward. But if you see a 
longer term of like 3 or 4 quarters, the impact always get neutralised. So it is a pass-through 
arrangement with our customers. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. And just last question on the EV side. Now, the revenue contribution from EVs is starting to 
reflect more, it is inching up, can you share your thoughts on how the content value in the 
programmes that you have now, how does it differ from the ICE model, some color around it? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Pankaj, Anurag. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
I think if you see from the EV to the ICE, you will find we have done some study in the past also, and 
it is approximately increasing by 1.5-1.7 times in passenger vehicles. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
And profitability, it is fair to assume should be neutral or lower? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Why should be lower? I think profitability is something which is, from the, start with some number 
and then over a period of time, it get improved as the volumes take a shape and more changes 
comes in the vehicle. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. Thank you so much. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandan from Nuvama Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Raghunandan: 
Thank you so very much for the opportunity. Firstly, on ramp-up of green fields, there is some delay 
in ramp-up in Gujarat plant. How do you see the timeline for achieving optimal utilisation, earlier the 
target was at end of FY '26? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
I think with the relation of the magnets and things like rare-earth, really, we can't be the right people 
to guide you. But Anurag, Pankaj, if you want to if you can add some more color. 
Pankaj Mital: 
You very rightly said, sir, that there would be certain uncertainties and we do expect that there will 
be solutions to those issues at the moment. And if we do not consider them as constraints, then 
usually customers take 2-3 quarters to come to a good utilisation levels. 

 
 
 
                              Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                      July 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 6 
Raghunandan: 
Fair point. Thank you. For Greenfields, currently, we have a revenue of Rs. 156 crore and EBITDA, 
there is a cost in fact of around Rs. 30 odd crores. So at approximately, what level of utilization would 
we be closer to breakeven? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Pankaj, Anurag, Gulshan, if you can try to help it. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
I think these plants are going to take, because as we have seen on one of the slides on the project, 
that there are few volumes has to be ramped up as well as the project has got delayed by a few 
quarters. So there is some lag into that. But I think as if these volumes met what customer has 
forecasted and if they are able to perform it on those timeline, which they have suggested and no 
further delay in that, I think subject to that, you will see a good improvement in that area. So it is very 
hard to say because we have seen this in previous quarters also that there is a delay or volume ramp 
up has not happened, what has been projected because of X, Y, Z reasons, but I think the time it 
should improve. 
Raghunandan: 
Understood, sir. And all three Greenfields put together, employee requirement was about 7,000-
7,500 employees, assuming 2,000-2,500 plant. Just was trying to understand how many have 
already been employed and trying to understand whether there can be a further increase in employee 
cost from current level of Rs. 476 crores? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Raghuji, it is very difficult to answer these questions in exact. Even if a small increase or decrease 
might be there, but we have to employ the people before to make sure that the plants are optimally 
used when we have to train them, there is a little bit of wastage and all that thing is there. Those all 
things are part of life in our kind of business. But I don’t think the substantial decision will be there, 
but Anurag will guide you more on these situations. Anurag, can you tell them on how many people 
have been guess working on people and the cost of that? Can you help them out on that? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Yes, currently there are two plants which are all 3 plants has started the ramp up, but obviously in 
between some of these projects have got deferred by few quarters. So manpower, yes, as you rightly 
said, Raghunandan, it is approximately 7000, it should be, but as the volumes grow, then it will go 
and touch to 7000. So it is not yet the complete 7000 and it is in between of the figure somewhere 
and it will grow as you will see the SOP will ramp up, then you will see it will come to 7000 and then 
it should normalise over there. 
Raghunandan: 
Thank you, sir. That is very helpful. I will fall back to the queue before I come back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on the healthy topline performance. Sir, 
I just want to understand for FY '27 for next year, how do you see the order pipeline and any plans 
for the CAPEX for the next year? And can you share more lights on how you see the orders pipeline 
for two-wheelers and CV segment as well? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Go ahead, Anurag. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Yes. See, these projections will get clear as we move forward in this year. Because it will be very 
difficult to say right now that what will be the projections of 2027, but it should be in a positive way. 
Obviously, for Q1, you have seen there is a 3% is the total passenger vehicle growth has happened 

 
 
 
                              Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                      July 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 6 
and I think it is a single digit number, but it will be more get once you are reaching in H2, then you 
have a better clarity for FY '27. As soon as these new models get ramped up, their volumes will come 
and the market will respond and then you will see FY '27 with a more better clear picture that how 
the volumes will look. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sir, any flavor on the orders for the two-wheeler and CV also? How do you see the orders there, sir? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
I think two-wheeler and CVs also, obviously, there are some ups and downs. You can see two-
wheeler remain a flat, but obviously Q1 always remain a little subdued and you don’t see a big growth 
because now in Q2 and Q3 more festivals are coming and things will happen. So you will see a good 
growth over there in two-wheeler side. Commercial vehicle obviously, has not grown in a very 
significantly, but I think important is for MSWIL is to be ready to serve the customer as soon as these 
volumes comes up in case it comes up. Let this H2 happen and then you have a more clear picture 
that how it is going to make a change into that. Obviously, for the new models, even in two-wheeler 
as well as in commercial vehicle, we are working very closely with the customers and we will find 
there will be new launches as well in both segments. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
And lastly, sir, what is the CAPEX expectations for the FY '26 and FY '27, sir? 
Gulshan: 
See, generally for this year end, we have our CAPEX around Rs. 200 crores and it is based on the 
projections which we have received from the customers. So as we are progressing further, we will 
have an update on that. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question is on the ex-Greenfield numbers which we 
have disclosed, we do see that margins there also have come down a bit from the 12.5% levels we 
have been doing in the last couple of quarters to 11.8% in the current quarter. So possible to 
highlight, why has it also probably moved downwards? Any particular thing to call out that and how 
should we sort of see that going ahead? 
Gulshan: 
So there is no unusual thing which had happened, which are impacting our costs, our margins are 
pretty consistent. The changes are only on account of the product mix which kept on changing. So 
as we mentioned earlier also that we have a space, we have a role in our new models as well, so it 
is largely on account of product mix. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, product mix by mix, you mean EV share or is it between PV or two-wheeler per mix has changed? 
What exactly is that? 
Gulshan: 
It could be anything. There are a lot of models we are already in. So it could be on the ground of EV, 
ICE, or any kind of, because we are manufacturing a lot of models into it, supplying to a lot of models. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Also in the 1st Quarter, there is no possibility of the movement of copper and yen and all these 
particular things. So 1st Quarter is 1st Quarter and 3rd Quarter, 2nd Quarter, 4th Quarter, all quarters 
have their own unique, this thing, if you understand what I am saying. 

 
 
 
                              Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                      July 28, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 6 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. And in terms of the green field, so right now, will it be fair to say that, I think 
Gujarat and Maharashtra are operational and Haryana will come up in the current year or all three 
are operational as of now? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
See, for the Maharashtra one, it has been operational. For the Haryana one, it is going to be 
operational now. And the Gujarat one is also operational. Obviously, you have seen on the slide also 
that there are a few projects which has gone delayed in that. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Understood. And sir lastly, for these delayed projects, is there some sort of compensation which we 
sort of get in case the project gets delayed, or the numbers are lower than what the Company has 
targeted, so in any case, is there any sort of compensation for us in these scenarios? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Please understand, our relationship with the customer is not a one-off in a quarter or something like 
that. So what compensation should we ask? I think we are all in this industry, we were together. So 
compensation is not coming like that, but only once after finding that they had committed a particular 
number for the year and that has not come about. If there is a need, then we will broach the subject. 
But it is not that you said that. They are making also predictions to the market. So it is a long-term 
relationship, not a day-night operation kind of a thing. Pankaj, you want to add something over there? 
Pankaj Mital: 
No, I think exactly that this is right. And of course, there are always discussions with the customers 
and they also take care. So as Mr. Sehgal said, it is a long-term partnership and considering that 
partnership, the decisions get made jointly and mutually. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. Thanks a lot. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. V. C. Sehgal for closing comments. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Yes, I think it is very obvious that MSWIL has outperformed the market. We think that the 1st Quarter 
and the new plants that are coming in will come in at the speed at which the government is going 
through with the import of rare earths and magnets and all that. The government is trying its best 
also. The customers are doing their best also. So it is a work in progress according to me. And I think 
we have to be a bit patient. But the good news is very clear that we are outperforming the market. 
Thank you all very much and wish you a very good week up ahead. Thank you. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not 
result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at website of the company, viz., www.mswil.motherson.com. This 
discussion contains based on the currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their 
opinion, are reasonable and can may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, 
uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or 
industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, 
or any other cause. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of 
the information and should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
 
