REGISTERED OFFICE: 
AJAX ENGINEERING LIMITED 
(formerly known as Ajax Engineering Private Limited) 
  
CIN: L28245KA1992PLC013306 
 
#253/1, 11 Main, Phase III, Peenya Industrial Area, 
  
Bengaluru – 560 058, Karnataka, India. 
 
T: +91 80 67200082/83  Toll Free No.: 1-800-419-0628 
 
E: customercare@ajax-engg.com  www.ajax-engg.com 
 
 
 
 
Date: August 12, 2025 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited, 
20th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 544356 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: AJAXENGG 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call with Analysts/ Investors held on August 04, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the 
conference call that was organized with the Analysts/Investors on Monday, August 04, 2025 at 03:30 
p.m. (IST), on the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
The audio recording and transcript of the presentation are available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.ajax-engg.com/investor-relations under corporate announcement. 
 
Kindly take the same in your record. 
 
For Ajax Engineering Limited 
(Formerly known as Ajax Engineering Private Limited)  
 
 
 
______________________ 
Shruti Vishwanath Shetty 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A33617 
 
 
 
SHRUTI 
VISHWANAT
H SHETTY
Digitally signed by 
SHRUTI VISHWANATH 
SHETTY 
Date: 2025.08.12 
11:03:06 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Ajax Engineering Limited  
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of any discrepancy, the audio recording 
uploaded on the stock exchanges on 04th August 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHUBHABRATA SAHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, AJAX ENGINEERING 
LIMITED 
MR. TUHIN BASU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, AJAX 
ENGINEERING LIMITED 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Operator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Ajax Engineering Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions once the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that this conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the 
company as on the date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance 
of the company and it involves risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shubhabrata Saha – Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer of Ajax Engineering Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining us on Ajax Engineering 
Limited’s Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. Along with me on the call, we have our CFO, 
Mr. Tuhin Basu; and SGA, our Investor Relations partner. We have uploaded our results and 
investor presentation on the Stock Exchanges and on our website, I hope everybody has had an 
opportunity to go through the same. 
 
Before we dive into this quarter's performance, I would like to take a moment to reflect on Ajax's 
journey. Spanning over three decades, Ajax has demonstrated remarkable resilience and 
adaptability through multiple business cycles and challenging phases. The first 22 years laid a 
solid foundation, and over the past 10-11 years, we have successfully navigated critical 
disruptions that included demonetization, introduction of the GST, COVID-19 pandemic, 
election cycles in the center and the state, changes in emission regulations, and of course, sector 
cyclicality. 
 
Through this last decade, Ajax has delivered an impressive 18% revenue CAGR, which is a 
testament to our unwavering focus on operational preparedness, precise execution, and financial 
discipline. These qualities continue to empower us to not only withstand adversity, but emerge 
from it stronger than before.  
 
We had the last emission transition in FY '21-'22. Over the next three years, between FY '22 to 
'25, we delivered a robust CAGR of 40%. This strong trajectory underscores the same 
foundational qualities I had mentioned earlier, which is about operational preparedness, 
executional precision, and financial discipline that define who we are and continue to drive our 
success. The last fiscal has been no different in terms of the external challenges we faced, but 
true to form, Ajax has continued to navigate this headwind with focus and resilience.  

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
In the given context, we delivered a healthy performance in FY '25, clocking 19% revenue 
growth driven by our volumes. Our core segment, that is SLCM, performed well. A key highlight 
was the successful launch of our new CEV-5 emission-compliant machines in Q4 FY '25. At the 
same time, our spares and services business is gaining steady traction and showing promising 
progress. In line with our strategic focus, we are consistently working to scale up our non-SLCM 
segment, which is also gaining positive momentum. 
 
I would like to highlight some of the recent initiatives we have taken to strengthen our 
capabilities and build organizational competency. Number one, the launch of the CEV-5 
compliant SLCM portfolio with enhanced value proposition. In addition to the expansion of our 
dealer network, we have been augmenting our go-to-market strategy by building a B2B channel 
in the top eight metro cities where we are operational.  
 
Our focus or our value proposition in the non-SLCM business is to offer better reliability, reduce 
downtime, lower operating costs, and ready availability of spare parts and machine service. A 
strong B2B channel combined with our dealer channel will be a key growth driver for our non-
SLCM business. We also have our new facility coming up in Adinarayanahosahalli, which is 
very close to our Obadenahalli plant, which produces SLCMs. This, we expect to commission 
in the second half of FY '26. 
 
Let me now take you through the current business landscape and outlook. 
We observed that the on-ground execution of infrastructure projects have had a slowdown. For 
example, in case of PMGSY, the length of road constructed is reduced by 37% from FY '24 to 
FY '25. The pace of construction of highways similarly has reduced by about 9% from '24 to '25. 
Additionally, the unseasonal rainfall in the month of May in many parts of the country and cash 
flow delays experienced by our customers did not help with the industry demand.  
 
Our business anyways is skewed towards the second half of the fiscal, with around 65% of our 
annual revenue coming in the second half. The unseasonal rains, the transition to the new 
emission norms, and a slower pace of project execution have all had an impact on the business 
in Q1 FY '26.  
 
I would like to highlight some pertinent aspects of the regulatory transition of emission norms. 
The shift from CEV-4 to CEV-5 emission standard effective 1st of July 2025 has had a notable 
impact on the industry in the last few quarters. Regulations permitted the manufacture of CEV-
5 compliant machines until December 2024, with sales and associated registration allowed until 
30th of June, 2025. Riding on our situational awareness, operational preparedness, and 
technology-driven manufacturing capabilities, we were ready ahead of the curve. And as a result, 
we had a promising launch of our CEV-5 machines in the last quarter.  
 
The CEV-4 inventories, which we had built up until December 2024, was largely cleared in Q4 
FY '25 and the balance was completely sold out in Q1 FY '26. With the 30th June deadline 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
looming for the sale of CEV-4 machines, we witnessed some highly unsustainable business 
practices in the industry during Q1. However, we continued to maintain our financial discipline 
during this period. Also, we continued to see reasonable momentum in our CEV-5 portfolio 
during the quarter. We believe that the decline in the overall market share in the SLCM segment 
that you see in this quarter is only a temporary phase, driven by the reasons which I had just 
mentioned.  
 
In the CEV-5 portfolio, our market share remains broadly in line with the historical levels seen 
in the overall SLCM segment previously. With only CEV-5 machines permitted to be sold now 
onwards, we expect our overall market share in SLCMs to revert to the erstwhile range as we go 
deeper into the year. An example of this is clearly a strong performance in terms of market share 
demonstrated in the month of July.  
The implementation of the new emission norms has also led to an impact on the cost front. The 
transition to CEV-5 standards has led to an increase in the material cost, leading to an impact on 
the gross margin on a Y-o-Y basis. Our pricing strategy will be very carefully calibrated after 
taking into account the market response and elasticity to the new CEV-5 compliant machines.  
 
During Q1 FY '26, both CEV-4 and CEV-5 models were available in the market. However, 
starting Q2 FY '26, only CEV-5 machines will be on offer. The transition will allow us to gauge 
customer response more clearly. We expect to gain a better understanding of the adoption trend 
and pace of the pickup of CEV-5 machines, while entering the third quarter after the peak 
monsoon period. That will be crucial in taking an informed decision on the pricing strategy. 
Short-term road bumps like these are typical in our industry, and Ajax has consistently 
demonstrated the ability to navigate such phases, while maintaining steady performance. 
 
As we have emphasized in the past, the business is best viewed on an annualized basis rather 
than quarterly. Structurally, we remain fully confident in the longer-term growth trajectory of 
our business. India's substantial infrastructure development needs coupled with the shift towards 
mechanized construction and concreting equipment will continue to drive steady demand, which 
positions Ajax well for sustained growth. Our long-term outlook on both, growth and 
profitability remains firmly intact.  
 
We remain committed to maintaining our leadership position in the SLCM segment, while also 
building strong capabilities in the non-SLCM space. Operational excellence and financial 
discipline remain central to our strategy. We continue to have a robust cash position, ensuring 
considerable financial muscle to pursue our growth ambition. 
 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Tuhin to take you through the operational and 
financial performance. Thank you and over to Tuhin. 
Tuhin Basu: 
Thank you, Shubho. Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to everybody on our Q1 FY '26 
earnings call. I will speak on the quarterly numbers.  

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Revenue from operations for Q1 FY '26 stood at Rs. 467 crores and remains flat as compared to 
the Rs. 469 crores in Q1 FY '25. Volume and revenue in SLCM segment was flat on a year-on-
year basis, with revenue standing at Rs. 385 crores in Q1 FY '26 versus Rs. 386 crores in Q1 FY 
'25.  
 
On the non-SLCM front, the volumes grew by 25% on year-on-year basis. However, the revenue 
declined by 8% due to the product mix change. It is important to note that we had sale of our 
slip-form pavers in Q1 of last year, which is a high-ticket size product and that was absent in Q1 
of FY '26, resulting in the decline of revenue.  
Revenue from Spares & Service business has seen growth of 8% on year-on-year basis and stood 
at Rs. 37 crores in Q1 FY '26.  
Exports contributed 5% of the total revenue in Q1 FY '26.  
 
Gross margin for Q1 FY '26 stood at 25.8% compared to 30.3% in Q1 FY '25. Considerable 
portion on the year-on-year decline in gross margin on account of the product mix, which I just 
mentioned. And pavers played a big part given our big-ticket size and relatively high-margin 
product. There was also some impact due to the increase in production cost for the CEV-5 
machines, which were not manufactured in Q1 of last year. And as Shubho mentioned, pricing 
is something which we will monitor on a close call and take decisions thereof as we progress 
during the year. 
 
On a year-on-year basis, the impact on the gross profit and margin has percolated down to 
EBITDA as well. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 61 crores compared to Rs. 80 crores in 
Q1 FY '25, a decline of 23%. EBITDA margin this quarter stood at 13.2% versus 17.1% in Q1 
FY '25. Looking at EBITDA margin sequentially would not be justified due to the inherent 
quarterly seasonality of the business, which also impacts operating leverage for us.  
 
Profit after tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 53 crores versus Rs. 67 crores in Q1 FY '25. We will 
again reiterate what Shubho mentioned, that our business has to be looked at an annualized basis 
instead of a quarterly basis at a point in time. On the balance sheet front, we continue to remain 
debt free and have a very strong cash position. 
 
With that, I will open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. And thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, is it possible to 
help us with a mix of non-SLCM in the quarter vis-a-vis the last quarter as the base year? And 
what explains strong volume growth qualitatively to segment grew faster in the quarter now we 
have to use the development of B2B channels? 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Tuhin Basu: 
Mohit, your voice was not completely clear, but I am just paraphrasing what we heard at our 
end. You want to understand the Q1 FY '26, let’s say, revenue mix on the non-SLCM portfolio, 
right? 
Mohit Kumar: 
Absolutely, sir. Yes. 
Tuhin Basu: 
Okay. So, on the non-SLCM front, as I mentioned in my opening remarks as well that pavers 
last year played a significant part and that had a contribution to the revenue. This time, volume 
growth has been driven by batching plants and associated transit mixers. And that kind of also 
cements, let's say, what we have been consistently mentioning that we will continue to have 
specific focus on the non-SLCM portfolio. And the volume growth that you see this year of 
about 25% is coming from those, let's say, batching plants and associated products like transit 
mixers, which are sold alongside the batching plants. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. My second question is, what are the mix of CEV-4 and CEV-5 in the quarter? 
Tuhin Basu: 
So, CEV-5 in Q1 contributed, let's say, roughly Rs. 300 plus crores of revenue versus CEV-4 of 
around Rs. 25 crores. So, that kind of gives you that 90:10 broadly is the revenue mix of CEV-
V and CEV-IV in Q1. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. Thank you. Thank you, sir. That's it. Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandhan from Nuvama Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you, sir, for the opening remarks and for clarifying on market share for Q1. So, firstly, 
on the acceptance of smaller SLCM where you had been doing pilot projects, how do you see 
the initial feedback? And when do you see the products available across the country? How do 
you see that as being a market share trigger in the future? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
You have lots of questions in one question, Raghu, but I will still try to attempt answering each 
of them. 
 
I am happy to say that I think the initial test validation and the feedback mechanism seems to 
have gone reasonably well from the product point of view, which gives us some confidence. 
And we have started doing some kind of very soft launches with some select dealers in specific 
markets. And this is, as you know, is the rainfall season so obviously the quantum of work that 
these machines will do will be limited. But I think it's important for the dealers to have a good 
look and feel, understand the product, start looking at these segments which have been hitherto 
unaddressed by them in terms of building contractors and people who would actually lay roofs 
and so on and so forth. So, I think this is at an early stage. 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
I think come the second half of the year, we would definitely want greater proliferation of these 
machines across the country once we have done this test with at least the first 25-30 dealers to 
begin with. As far as the market share trigger is concerned, I think let this phase of the dealers 
getting used to this machine, working out the customer segments that they need to work with, 
which were not the same segment that possibly they would have been used to as far as sale of 
Argos is concerned. I feel reasonably confident as time moves along. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thanks for that, sir. Secondly, in terms of CEV-5, so gross margin has broadly come out by 
about 400 bps. I am assuming that is the quantum of under-recoveries because of CEV-5. So, 
are you permitting, would you look at taking that 3%, 4% kind of a price hike over the next few 
quarters based on market conditions? Or would you partially try to manage it by cost reduction 
activities? 
Tuhin Basu: 
So, Raghu, two things. I will start the clarification on the gross margin first. See, if you look at 
Q1 versus Q1, then you see roughly a 5% or 4.5% shavee, which is what, let's say, you are 
referring to the 30.3% versus the 25.8% this year, where  a paver did play a significant part. So, 
if I look at the full-year of FY '25, which was in the range of 27% and we have got 25% plus, 
let's say, for the quarter, so the price increase or rather the cost increase is not the only driver in 
terms of the dip in the gross margin, which you experienced or which we see in Q1 FY '26. The 
450 basis points I will attribute roughly 50%-50% or 60:40, 60% to the DMC or direct material 
cost change for the CEV-5 and the paver kind of having a significant contribution as well in 
terms of the gross margin decline. 
 
In terms of the pricing increase, I think we have been transparent and consistent over the last 
several conversations with all of you that we will have a closer look at the pricing as we progress 
in the year. We anticipate that we will be able to start nudging the pricing up towards end of Q2. 
The reason being that Q1, both the type of machines were available in the market, CEV-4 and 
CEV-5, and that obviously impacts or impinges our effort in terms of increasing the pricing 
when both the variants are available. July, August, we expect to be more tempered in terms of 
demand. And once the market kind of gets back to demand, let's say, after Janmashtami, Ganesh 
Chaturthi, which is more towards the end of Q2, that's when we would be able to push the pricing 
up as we progress into the market. So, while we would not be able to give a very sacrosanct view 
of how much we will be successful, all we can say is that we will try to bring the margin back 
to the corridors, which we have experienced previously. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thanks for that, sir. And any thoughts you can share on the dividend payout policy and utilization 
of the large cash reserves? 
Tuhin Basu: 
Yes. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
And also, any thoughts on using the cash for M&A? 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Tuhin Basu: 
So, on the dividend, I think the company has declared dividend only twice in almost a decade, 
one was in 2018-'19 time period, and one was in '24, we paid out in '25. And it's a topic which 
we obviously keep in our mind. We have a dividend distribution policy. At the current time, the 
Board has not decided to go forward with the dividend for a reason that we are in the growth 
phase and they believe that the management and collectively the company should reinvest the 
money to funnel their growth phase, whether it's organic or inorganic. And I am using the word 
inorganic a bit broadly because it need not be a plain vanilla old school acquisition, it could be 
a different corporate development structure and hence we are of course looking at options. 
 
We have looked at options in the last six months, few of them do not match our expected 
guardrails and corridors, and hence, we are also not going forward with them. So, it's an active 
topic for us. It's a topic, which we are seeking, let's say, advisement from different people but 
we are also very clear in terms of what we will not do from a financial and business prudence 
standpoint. And hence, you do not see the cash getting deployed yet. But we are in the look out 
and we will, of course, keep you posted once, let's say, there are things more sacrosanct, which 
we have been able to button down. And we believe that is the right thing for the company to do. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you, sir. I will get back in the queue. 
Tuhin Basu: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh from Lucky Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes. Hi, team. Just a clarification first. So, based on your comments and now, this quarter where 
90% of the SLCM revenue is from CEV-5 machines. And when you mentioned that the GP rate, 
we look at it is half GP impacting because of the product mix of non-SLCM. So, when you adjust 
that basically from this quarter, your margin is similar to what you did in last two-year, which 
this quarter having largely at full SLCM based revenues, for the CEV-5 based SLCM revenues. 
Is this correct in our understanding? 
Tuhin Basu: 
So, not completely there. So, if I see, last year it was 27% in full-year, the impact of pavers 
obviously get diluted. One quarter it had, let's say, a disproportionate impact for a one quarter, 
but for the full year, the 27%, which was there in FY '25 is, let's say, the baseline gross margin. 
If I ignore the paver, I think we would still be about 150 basis points to 200 basis points short 
on the gross margin. So, from that standpoint, Pritesh, we have eroded the gross margin for the 
quarter, selling the new machines where we have not been able to pull the pricing up. And then 
as we progress during the year, we will see how do we adjust the pricing so that we are able to 
claw it back as much as possible. So, I would not say that, if the pavers are not there, we are 
exactly at that corridor. We are, of course, lower by about 150, 200 basis points. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Just that you are a lean quarter and I just added the 200 bps back to the EBITDA margin 
of this quarter -- 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Tuhin Basu: 
EBITDA, not gross margin.  I was talking about the gross margin.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, soon as I adjust that 200 basis points, 225 200 basis points to the EBITDA margin reported, 
I am at 15%, which is similar to what we did last year. Now, this is after the fact that -- from that 
only. 
Tuhin Basu: 
Understood. So, see, on the EBITDA, I think, yes, as we progress the volume will play a part. If 
you see our employee cost as a percentage of sales, just as a proxy, which I wanted to call out, 
it's in the range of 6-plus-percentage, which will normalize more towards what FY '25 was. So, 
yes, to that extent, you can say that, the EBITDA will start getting closer to 15%. That's correct. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. The other question is, it is closer to 15% even this quarter, actually, adjusting for the 
product mix? 
Tuhin Basu: 
Yes. And the volume, correct. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Correct. Okay. Now, my second question is, with SLCM and with the CEV-5 machine already 
being the larger portion of this quarter, I couldn’t understand the 3% price decline in SLCM. So, 
if you could throw some light there? 
Tuhin Basu: 
So, that is purely because of the volume mix. See, we have a very wide range of SLCM 
capacities. ARGO 2 series, ARGO 4 series have very different price points given just the 
throughput they have. So, that obviously plays a part in terms of when we just divide the quantity 
and the value. So, that is essentially because of that. It's not a secular decline of 3% across all 
models we have experienced in this quarter. That's not the case. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And can you quantify the extent of cost increases on account of the CEV-5 emission 
change? 
Tuhin Basu: 
On a blended level it's just above 400 basis points at direct material cost, yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And my other question is, what is the progress now on the machine which was supposed 
to introduce in the market? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Pritesh, I had just answered that question in a previous conversation where I had mentioned that 
we took up a beachhead market, we did test and validation, we took consumer feedback and stuff 
like that, which gave us a degree of confidence for us to have a soft launch with about 15-20 
dealers based across various locations in the country. Given the fact that we are in the thick of 
the monsoon season, the quantum of throughput to be done through these machines will be 
limited. But I think it's important for the dealers to start understanding and conversing with a 
completely new set of, let us say, target audience in this category to be ready to be able to push 
out volumes in the next few months when the second half of the year begins, which is when we 
see great attraction in these activities. 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And my last question is, what kind of revenue growth or volume growth do you see for 
FY '26, considering transition on emission what the market is playing out, and automation in 
large? Do you see yourself closer to your long-term CAGR of 18%, which you mentioned 
earlier? 
Tuhin Basu: 
I think we do not typically give a forward-looking, sacrosanct statement. But Pritesh, just to call 
it out that we do not anticipate the volume growth to be 18% this year, we expect it to be more, 
let's say, in the early double-digits. But yes, I mean, 18% was also not every year clockwork, it 
was a block of years. So, these some years of low double-digits and some years of high double-
digits, or let's say high-teens will cover the CAGR to 18% in a block of a few years.  
Shubhabrata Saha: 
On a lighter note, Pritesh, I think the onset of Ganpati, and his arrival will augur for good times, 
if you will. And -- 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Hopefully, sir. Thank you very much. Yes, please go ahead, sir. You wanted to mention 
something, sir. 
Tuhin Basu: 
I mean, no, I think Shubho mentioned in his opening remarks as well that we do see a slight 
tepidness in the progress of some of the infra projects. And that they obviously impact the cash 
flow for the contractors as well, which is also representative of sorts in terms of the volume 
which we have experienced in Q1 of FY '26. So, considering those aspects and the volume 
upswing only expected more towards end of Q2, I think early double-digit is what we will expect 
on the volume front this time. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Thank you very much, sir. 
Tuhin Basu: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sankaranarayanan from ithought PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Sankaranarayanan S.: 
Good evening, sir. Sir, my first question is regarding the customer acceptance of our latest CEV-
5 machines. And how well our customers are accepting? And is there any price difference 
compared to CEV-4 machines? My second question is that, apart from emission changes that 
you have done, have you done any other modifications in the latest machines? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Okay. So, I think, there are two parts to this question, actually three questions in the same. As 
far as acceptance is concerned, I think I did mention about the fact that in Q4 FY '25 itself, a 
third of our volumes came from the CEV-5 category. We believe, and Tuhin has also spoken 
about the volume mix of CEV-4 and CEV-5 in the first quarter of FY '26 as well. So, clearly, 
we have done our homework very well in terms of our operational preparedness and getting the 
machine right when we put it out in the market.  

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
And the best way to compare this is, did we receive any significant complaints? Did customers 
have any challenges? Was the machine not operating to its specs and so on? I am also happy to 
report back that the strong test and validation mechanism that we have put out based on our 
learning from the previous transition that took place in FY '21 and '22, the machine performance 
has been quite good so far. So, that is the first part. 
 
I think Tuhin has also spoken about the pricing and the impact of pricing on the margins in the 
first quarter between all that was sold both for CEV-4 and CEV-5.  
 
As far as the product value proposition is concerned, clearly, the product value proposition is 
stronger. We work very strongly with all the suppliers. For example, if you look at the product 
nomenclature, the nomenclature has also shifted in certain cases. Our old 4,300 has become 
4,500. We have introduced a 3,000, and so on and so forth, which actually addresses some of 
the gaps that may have existed in the portfolio.  
 
And the way customers will look at it in terms of the throughput that the machine provides and 
the value, therefore, to them on a cubic capacity basis every time that they use these machines.  
And this, so far, has turned out to be good. If you look at it in terms of machine performance, 
many of the machines initially that were put out in the marketplace have already completed 500 
hours. And that's a good number to have in terms of operational capabilities of the machine, 
redressal of anything that has arisen. We have not seen anything very significant to upset our 
sleep. 
Sankaranarayanan S.: 
Got it, sir. Sir, and still we maintain a premium compared to other competitors, SLCM sir, right 
sir? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Our intent has been that and our intent will continue to be that. 
Sankaranarayanan S.: 
Got it, sir. Thank you, and best of luck. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Shah from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Yes. Sir, firstly, what was the paver revenue in Q1 last year in FY '25? 
Tuhin Basu: 
Vaibhav, it was more than Rs. 140 million plus. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, you mentioned that we have switched from 4300 to 4500 and we have 
introduced ARGO 3000. So, has ARGO 3000 replaced any older machine, or we have other 
machines as well? 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Yes, it has. So, 2800 has moved to 3000. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
So, now we have reached 23000 and 3000 and 45000 and 48000. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
So, 2000, 2500, 3000, 4000, 4500, 4800. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. And sir, what is our market share right now in SLCM? And how do we see it maintaining 
ahead? 
Tuhin Basu: 
Can you come back again? 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Our SLCM market share right now? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Yes. So, I think as far as July is concerned, I think we have returned back with a very strong 
number upwards of 75%. So, that is something good to have, especially during a quarter where 
we did see some unsustainable business practices and we didn't want to walk down that path. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, how do you see the realizations moving forward, especially for the SLCM 
business? In Q1 it was flattish, so it should be a similar trend for the entire year or there may be 
some cuts for the year? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
So, I think we called it out during our initial speech. I think pricing is something that we will 
follow through very actively. We need to look at the current demand scenario in the marketplace 
and basis that I think we will take prudent calls to make sure that our financial position continues 
to remain strong. I think financial discipline at Ajax has remained the cornerstone of how we 
have done business and we will continue to make sure that we do that. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. Sir, then lastly on the ARGO mix. So, it should be similar to 50-50 for the lower end and 
the higher end in terms of drum sizes?  
Shubhabrata Saha: 
I think it's very early to call anything out at this stage. See, there are two parts to it. It's very early 
to call out anything at this stage. We will also have to look at very clearly there are states, which 
are 2 Series states, there are states, which are driven more by the 4 Series, etc. If we see that 
certain states are not doing as well as the other states, I mean who knows, how it will all pan out. 
We are only hoping and expecting that the government's emphasis on putting infrastructure back 
on track and getting cash flows on track will be a more secular trend in terms of growth across 
all states. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Those were my questions. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Thank you. 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Bhandari from Asian Market 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. Sir, just checking, you have given a very diverse customer 
base in your presentation, in which you have categorized five categories, individual contractors, 
small, mid-sized, contracting firms. Is it possible to give any breakdown around that? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
So, I think in the past we have given a broad breakdown, but I think this is too early for us to 
really call out as to how the whole structure will pan out from a CEV-5 perspective. But I think 
on a very broad basis, we used to call it out as a 30:30:40 kind of a scenario, depending upon 
how it kind of plays out. So, I think it's too early for us to even say anything at this stage with 
these new products being on the anvil. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay, sir. So, this mix, what was it earlier if I may ask? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
So, you can assume roughly about 40% coming in from the first-time buyers, about 30% coming 
in from people who are small and mid-sized contractors, and about 30% coming in from rental 
companies, which we believe is a very good mix. 
Tuhin Basu: 
And Mayank, just to clarify, the government construction agencies do not directly buy from us, 
it is routed through the contractors.  
Mayank Bhandari: 
Yes, that I understood. That's quite helpful. And secondly, sir, you highlighted about spending 
in Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana going down by 30%. So, you are referring to which 
period, is it last two couple of quarters or? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
'24-'25. We are talking about '24 and '25. And I put that very clearly during my initial 
conversation, the PMGSY length of road construction between '24 and '25, FY '24 and FY '25. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay. And like, so there's not much visibility around that for the next two years, or how is it? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
So, I cannot comment on what will happen in the next two years. But very clearly, this is data 
from the past, which has had some kind of an impact in terms of the absolute quantum of work 
available with contractors. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay. And sir, just one thing, one clarification. If I see VAHAN data and if I see July month 
data, we are seeing very sharp fall in July month for Ajax as well as for the transport category 
of construction vehicle, which has, I mean, even Y-o-Y, it has declined by almost 50% kind of. 
So, will you be able to comment on that for the July month? 
Tuhin Basu: 
So, Mayank, see, Q1 was a special quarter. And I am using the word special quarter literally. 
See, ordinarily you will have a time lag when you do your first sale, which is the wholesale from 
us to the dealer, then the final registration of the machine. In this quarter, it had the registrations 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
of what happened in Q4. So, let's say, the March vehicles for sure, the registration happened in 
Q1 this year. And then given the regulations were coming through, most of the CEV-4 machines, 
not most, all had to be registered within this quarter itself. That's why you see that the lag effect, 
which is there typically experienced in the industry is not as wider in the Q1, yes. 
 
So, Q1 had both the April, May, June, all the CEV-4 machines and the CEV-4 machines, which 
have been sold previously and CEV-5 machines also which were sold previously. Now for the 
sales of CEV-5, then that natural cycle of 30 to 45 days of registration time kicks in and hence 
that will happen over time. So, I do not think we need to have a very, let's say, excited view on 
this particular registration number of June or Q1, given the special circumstance we and the rest 
of the industry was in. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay. I was referring to the July number.  
Tuhin Basu: 
But that's the reason I am saying that June will have April, May, June and March, and July will 
have only one month because CEV-4 machines all would have been sold. And ordinarily, we 
will have those machines percolating through every month. Now, it is only CEV-5. And CEV-5 
whatever we have sold, we see that the registrations have not happened for the full stock in any 
case. So, that will happen over time. So, once we are end of the quarter of let's say the Q2, and 
then the Q2 when we publish our results, you will see the number of machines, etc., getting more 
in sync with the VAHAN registration as was there in previous quarters and years. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
I see. Okay. So, basically registrations were front-loaded in both the categories in April, May, 
June. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, my first question regarding this 
hybrid dealer B2B model covers eight markets. How do we balance channel conflict and revenue 
contribution target from B2B for FY' 26 onwards? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
So, I think clearly the B2B channel contract is there in only the top eight markets, number one. 
Number two, typically these buyers are substantially larger and they typically would like to deal 
with the companies directly, right? The third facet is that our dealers provide the installation, the 
support services, whenever and whenever that is required, so there is no real conflict of interest 
in those areas because these are customers that would want to deal directly with the company. 
As far as the rest of the customer base is concerned, clearly there is enough opportunity for the 
dealers to take advantage of, so there is no real conflict of interest between the two channels that 
we have. 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Okay, sir. Sir on exports, around 5% of the sales, which are the regions we have prioritized for 
scalable growth, like for example, Africa, Russia? And secondly, 3D concrete printers and slip-
form pavers are niche innovations, what are the revenue contributions and how they are scalable? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Okay. So, since you asked about exports, first, clearly our markets are South Asia, Southeast 
Asia, Africa, Middle East, Central America, Caribbean, etc. And the progress across those 
markets will continue. You also mentioned about Russia because that is the market where we 
sold our pavers, right, and that was last year. So, our focus across these geographies will continue 
to happen. We are living in a world order where the country risk and the currency risk is 
something that we need to continuously evaluate when we do business.  
 
We have seen in the past that when we identify strategic markets, the markets do not turn out to 
be as strategic as we would like them to because of the nature of the world economics and 
geopolitics around us. So, we are very clear that we do not take either currency risk or country 
risk and look at suitable opportunities when we do the business from an export standpoint. So, 
that's the first part. 
 
As far as pavers is concerned, clearly we are on a continuous lookout on opportunities to do 
paver business on a slightly more consistent basis as time goes along. So, we would definitely 
like to report back whenever that arises. As far as 3D printing opportunity is concerned, again I 
think our products are well received. The project that we did with one of India's largest 
engineering companies was also very well received. I think this will see its own inflection point 
as time goes along.  
 
And as you know that Ajax School of Concrete is working extensively in the area of material 
science. We are trying out quite a few things. Incidentally, it is quite possible that when we 
inaugurate our Hosahalli plant, you might see a structure, which is made out of our own 3D 
printed piece. So, that will be the most efficient way of discussing proof of the pudding, so to 
say. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Kumar from Vaikarya. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Yes. Hi. Sir, the question is, how much is the cost between this transition from CEV-3 to CEV-
5 and CEV-4 to CEV-5 has been passed to the end consumers? 
Tuhin Basu: 
I think we spoke at length on this. At this point in time, given both the machines were there in 
the market in Q1 and also in Q4 when we launched our first lot of CEV-5, the pricing shift has 
not started to happen in the manner which we expect. We will look at it towards the end of Q2. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay. And the second question is, again, I am sorry if you have already answered this, but what 
percentage of your sales was your CEV-5 this quarter? 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Tuhin Basu: 
Yes, the question was answered, but happy to repeat it. We had Rs. 310 crores of CEV-5 sales 
and CEV-IV sales were Rs. 25 crores, so 90-10. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay. Thank you. That's all. Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Hi. Thank you so much for taking my question. So, while we have discussed the possibility of a 
price hike at length, I just wanted to understand that other than the customer appetite and our 
input cost, what other factors would we be looking at when we would be deciding the price hike 
strategy? That is my first question. 
Tuhin Basu: 
See, we have to also see how the competition is, right? We are selling at a premium. Shubho 
mentioned it in one of the questions asked to him. And for whatever reason, and we have seen 
bizarre behavior in the first quarter. We do not anticipate the competition to behave in the same 
way, but if in a situation they do, we will also be mindful as to how much of price delta we have 
versus our competition, and that will drive certain decisions at our end. So, it will be a balanced 
approach and then we will see where it lands. That's going to be a driver, for sure. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Secondly, you mentioned that 90% of our sales in Q1 were coming from the CEV-5. Now, I 
wanted to understand what were some of the reasons why this happened. Is that because we had 
lower inventory of CEV-4 on our end and the customer would prefer to stick with us rather than 
move to another player for their need, or is it that CEV-5 was from our end coming at the same 
price that probably CEV-4 was? So, from your understanding, what led to the fact that we were 
able to make 90% of our sales CEV-5 regardless of the fact that the deadline was actually in 
June? 
Tuhin Basu: 
I think we have to kind of go back to Q4. In Q4, already 30% was sold of CEV-5 and that was 
done with the strategic view that we get into the market earlier. The customers and the end 
consumers start to experience the machine, and that obviously allowed us to push CEV-5 also 
with equal earnest in Q1. And that contributed, of course, let's say the stickiness with the 
customer because they trusted the machine, they have seen the machine in action. And of course, 
our customers also go with the brand name, which has been created over years. So, a combination 
of these two resulted in CEV-5 being the dominant machine. 
Nidhi Shah: 
All right. Thank you so much. Those were my questions. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandhan from Nuvama Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you, sir, again. One question. On other expenses, there was a dip of 17% Y-o-Y. What 
factors led to this decline? Any cost-saving benefits, which can be sustained? 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Tuhin Basu: 
So, Raghu, in Q1 of FY '25, we had, let's say, a one-time expense on certain business promotional 
activity, which in Q1 FY '26, we do not have. If needed to have a separate specific business 
promotion, we will do it on the merits of a business case. But in Q1 FY '26, we didn't feel that 
there is a need for it and we have not spent the money. Whether it's sustainable or not, I think 
after Q2 we will definitely be able to tell whether we need to spend this separately or not this 
year. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raashi Chopra from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Thanks. Hi. So, just a couple of questions. On the cost side, you have taken the hit on gross 
margins now, but are there any incremental costs beyond this for the transition, or is this 
something that we are going to work with as a constant? 
Tuhin Basu: 
I think, because of transition, the answer is no, Raashi. I think we have maintained that it will be 
in the range of 400 basis points. It's in that range. So, there is no change, which we expect 
because of the transition. The commodity pricing, of course, is an impact which we cannot 
foretell, and I will not like to speculate on it. But if that changes, that can have a bearing. But 
that is not because of transition, that would have probably had an impact even outside transition. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Right. And in order for you to kind of recover the market share, would you need to go back to 
like additional expenses, like you did last year in terms of branding, marketing, etc.? 
Tuhin Basu: 
Well, at least we have not spent that money in Q1, and Shubho mentioned that July we are 
already back at 75%. So, hopefully, let's say, actions on the ground should push it through. But 
if there is something specific which we need to do to increase the customer engagement and 
entrenchment, we will take that business call based on the specific metrics at that time.  
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Raashi, it's important for the activity level as far as project execution on ground is concerned to 
come back stronger as much as we expect cash flows to the contractors to be provided in certain 
cases the overdue in certain cases on time. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Understood. Okay. And cash balance as of June? 
Tuhin Basu: 
Cash balance as of June, I mean, the investment portfolio was about Rs. 650 crores, and we had 
about Rs. 30 crores, which was in sweep-in accounts. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Okay. Thanks. Those were my questions. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The last question is from Krupanshu from Thinqwise Wealth. Please go ahead. 

 
Ajax Engineering Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Krupanshu Shah: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Just a few data-keeping questions. So, could you give us 
the volume for those CEV-5 and CEV-4 SLCM machines? And also, in the non-SLCM mix, you 
mentioned that batching plant and transit mixers were the majority of our mix. But even for that, 
could you break it up, please, in revenue and volume terms? Thanks. 
Tuhin Basu: 
So, as we have disclosed previously, we will not give segmental volumes for the non-SLCM. 
This is not an identified KPI by the company. So, we will report it the way we are doing it for 
as part of our earning presentation. On the CEV-5, CEV-4, I can lay out the volumes. CEV-V, 
we sold 883 machines, and CEV-IV, 93. 
Krupanshu Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Tuhin Basu: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we will take that as the last question. 
I now hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Thank you all for joining us on today's call. We hope that we have been able to address all your 
questions. For any further queries or clarifications, please feel free to connect with us or SGA, 
which are our Investor Relations partner. Thank you once again. 
Operator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Ajax Engineering Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
