  
 
 
BATA INDIA LIMITED 
CIN: L19201WB1931PLC007261 
Registered Office: 27B, Camac Street, 1st Floor, Kolkata-700016, West Bengal II Tel.: (033) 22895796 II Fax: (033) 22895748 
E-mail: in-customer.service@bata.com II Website: www.bata.in 
 
      August 18, 2025 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building,  
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001 
The Manager
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400051      
 
The Secretary
The Calcutta Stock Exchange 
Limited 
7, Lyons Range, 
Kolkata - 700001 
 
BSE Security Code: 500043 
NSE Symbol: BATAINDIA  
CSE Scrip Code: 10000003  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Post Earnings Call  
This is further to our letters dated July 31, 2025 and August 14, 2025, on the captioned subject. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as 
amended), we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Post Earnings (Group Call) held on Thursday, August 
14, 2025. 
The above information shall also be made available on Company’s website viz., www.bata.in  
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For BATA INDIA LIMITED 
 
  
NITIN BAGARIA 
AVP – Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Digitally signed by NITIN 
BAGARIA

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Bata India Limited  
Q1 FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GUNJAN SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BATA INDIA LIMITED  
MR. AMIT AGGARWAL – DIRECTOR FINANCE AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, BATA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NITIN BAGARIA – AVP AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY, BATA INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. GAURAV JOGANI – JM FINANCIALS LIMITED 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Bata India Limited Q1 FY ‘26 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gaurav Jogani from JM Financials. Thank you. And over 
to you, sir. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Hello, everyone. On behalf of JM Financial, it is my pleasure to welcome you all to Bata’s Q1 
FY ’26 Earnings Conference Call.  
Today we have with us Mr. Gunjan Shah – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. 
Amit Aggarwal – CFO, and Mr. Nitin Bagaria – AVP and Company Secretary.  
Thank you and over to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Bagaria: 
Good evening, everyone and welcome to the Bata Q1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call. We have 
Gunjan Shah – MD and CEO. We also have Amit Aggarwal – Director Finance and CFO joining 
us. 
We have shared the presentation with the Stock Exchanges earlier today. We will be taking you 
through the same. We will navigate the slides as well as the page numbers. On Page #2, we have 
the disclaimer. I am sure you have gone through the same. 
I will now request Gunjan to take over and thank you once again for joining. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Hi, everyone. Pleasure to be back on this call for this quarter. 
While overarching, the quarter was a relatively tough one. It seemed a little better than what we 
had seen in the previous quarter of Jan to March. But still, it resulted in only flattish kind of a 
growth, while we managed to have the operational efficiencies reasonably working for us.  
And it just goes on to show that the backbone of the P&L is strong enough. And hopefully, once 
we start seeing growth, led by the initiatives that we have talked about and hopefully pushing 
ahead, we should see this translating to much better profit growth also. 
Moving forward, I will try and keep consistency with what I have shared with you. On Slide #3, 
I am going to talk about three large initiatives. I have talked about them in the past. And I will 
give you progress updates on all three of them going forward also.  

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
And some of them I will inch towards the kind of plans that we have for the balance of the year 
in the next two quarters. Store growth, same store sales growth. Portfolio evolution from a 
product portfolio. And inventory agility. These are the three things.  
Moving forward, Slide #4, talking about store growth. There have been two large initiatives: the 
ZBM project, Zero Base Merchandising, that we are now scaling up pretty large; and the value 
proposition project, for driving same store growth.  
In Zero Base Merchandising, for enhancing customer experience, the key metrics are now we 
are at close to 200 stores end June 2025, plus 50 stores in the quarter gone by. So, the pace is 
picking up.  
We would like to have it much larger, provided we are able to make sure that the inputs that go 
into making a successful transition to ZBM and the kind of output metrics that you see on the 
chart on the right side, they fall into place.  
We hope to maintain this progress of about 50 stores a quarter, and if things work out well, then 
maybe a little more accelerating. Line reduction. And hopefully, now these are all Pareto stores. 
So, there should be a larger contribution to the overall store network from a turnover perspective.  
These stores have seen a line reduction of 33%. That is we have reduced the clutter piece. They 
have also seen an inventory reduction of almost 22%, so a significant return on invested capital 
for these stores, and are much better from an availability perspective or size sets, etc., for the 
lines that we have kept there at almost 450 basis points.  
What does that result in is a much better consumer experience. The NPS scores are better. The 
Google ratings are better of these stores. The unit per transaction is much better. The turnover is 
better in terms of same store growth versus Control stores as well as the volume pair throughput 
is much better.  
So, we are able to display our merchandise, display our proposition to consumers much better, 
and the stores are run more efficiently from a store manager perspective, which I have talked 
about for now the last two quarters, three quarters. We hope to continue this projection going 
forward and maybe even consolidate even better. 
The second big initiative, Slide #6, is on driving value proposition. We do sense stress even now 
in the mass segment, the middle and mass segment. And there have been concerted efforts. We 
are gaining significant momentum. Now we see some signs of success on it.  
Some of the examples I have put here, Bata Ladies, a very large volume contributor as well as 
value contributor to the store’s turnover. We have introduced key price points both in open and 
closed. And there is significant success in terms of checkout rates. They have also improved as 
far as checkout rates go. 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
As you can see, some of the data points, I will just take you one of them and then we can 
extrapolate to the rest. Opening price points of Rs. 399 and rs. 499 were introduced at scale 
across almost 800 doors. Those price points resulted in checkouts going from 3.5% to 8%.  
The meaning of checkout in a better reference would be the average checkout of the full portfolio 
of our network is about 4%, roughly. That is basically equivalent to 2x, so anything about 4% is 
better than average.  
These portfolios show a checkout of 8%, right, and at a large volume base of almost 15,000 pairs 
per month or per week, which is also significant from an overall growth perspective. So, we now 
plan to expand this to almost a full network, which is close to 1,200 stores. 
A similar data point for Rs. 799 – Rs. 999, checkouts moving up to 6.4%, price points clearly 
demarcated. And then the network getting expanded, and obviously then backed up with now 
communication to consumers outside the store in terms of the value proposition, depending on 
what is the proposition in which stores. One example has been shown. 
Similarly, on the Power side, and the price points of Rs. 1,699 - Rs. 1,999, first time introduced 
at scale. Some initial signs of success is a checkout of 6.6%. We would like to now expand this 
across the network and with additional lines also, so four more lines coming through in addition 
to the seven lines.  
So, there should be a significant portfolio that we build there. So, these are just a couple of 
examples. There are many more that are being worked upon on the value proposition, and 
hopefully allowing us to have a little more optimism going forward. 
On the portfolio evolution, three large levers: casualization, driven by Floatz; Power, driving the 
athleisure portfolio; and Hush Puppies on the premium side. 
On Floatz, Slide #8, significant progress. Momentum continues, 30% plus kind of growth. It is 
significantly indexed from a price point perspective. It is 1.2x of the average ASP of the store. 
So, it adds on to the ASP of a store, while driving significant volumes.  
The quarter that went by, as you can see on the right side, did see a significant addition of new 
portfolio. What we have been very conscious of is that as the new one comes in, there is the 
existing one which is now faded out also. 
So, standardized merch packs have been done for various clusters of stores of alpha, beta, 
gamma. And as you can see, some of these are collabs with Disney properties. Some of them are 
technology introductions. And some of them are just pure design and color introduction. But to 
great response and obviously the checkouts are showing up out there.  

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
We also launched in this quarter some of our largest campaign for the quarter was around Floatz, 
Comfort Never Looked So, Good, along with a mega influencer, Prajakta Koli, to great response 
also. 
The second piece on Slide #9 on Power portfolio investment. These are on the premium side, 
price points of Rs. 2,500 to almost Rs. 4,000 plus. These, again, saw significant traction. 
Checkouts, mind you, at this level are relatively lower at these price points.  
Even there, if you are getting 4.5%, it is extremely good, because it results in significant 
turnover. And there we plan to obviously extend this whole Power Easy Slide collection to the 
full network now and with a significant widening of the range.  
And we are now wanting to also insert this property of Easy Slide in some other product 
categories of ours that I will talk to you as we go by in the subsequent quarters. Power Stamina 
on the premium side for running shoes, good response, at Rs. 4,000 plus, checkout of 4% at six 
lines. So, that continues to invest on democratizing technology. 
The last but not the least on driving premiumization, Hush Puppies continues to expand. We are 
now close to 150 EBOs, as you can see in the graph, both COCO as well as franchise combined. 
We will want to see a reasonable split of almost, let us say, about 60% - 40% in terms of 
expansion going forward of COCO as well as franchise in this.  
And this was backed with, obviously, a large campaign that we continued on the Ease Please 
along with Vir Das, the brand ambassador for Office Sneakers to great response. And that was 
the first major departure that we have done from the core categories of Hush Puppies of formal 
dress shoes as well as informal dress shoes, which are moccasins as well as loafers.  
That is the centerpiece of Hush Puppies sales. Office Sneakers has been a significant addition to 
that portfolio. 
In addition, as you can see in Slide 11, we have been also investing significantly on driving a 
refresh of the entire Hush Puppies brand. The new concept, as you can see in before after, much 
more brighter, does have very premium codes.  
The category is displayed in a far more focused manner as well as the fixtures are reduced to 
make it easy for consumers to navigate and give them better comfort and accessibility. So, 36 of 
those stores that I showed you have been already converted. And that progress will continue to 
keep investing on this channel for that consumer segment. 
Moving to Slide #12. Inventory agility is very critical. I think this is some area that belatedly we 
have gotten to the task. We are on it for almost about three quarters. And the progress is there in 
the subsequent two charts, three charts. 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Slide #13, the lines overall, while I showed you for the ZBM stores dropped by 33%, overall for 
the full network has dropped by 25%. And the clutter at the stores also, including aged lines, has 
also dropped by almost 23%.  
The top articles availability has also gone up by 7%. But however, this area, we still have 
significant headroom to progress. And there is a concerted project called Customer First, which 
is in this complete zone of end-to-end how do we improve this entire agility. 
Total inventory, moving to Slide #14, total inventory has dropped year-on-year significantly. I 
showed this last quarter also. This quarter also, it is dropped by 16% and this is despite the fact 
that we are building up inventory sequentially for the upcoming season, year-on-year, it is still 
almost at the lowest level that we have ended June at for several years now.  
Despite that, our stock turns are better and our aged inventory has been significantly reduced to 
less than half, which should also portend well in terms of full price range going forward into the 
season. 
Customer First project is on track. As I mentioned, it is a large-scale project, which is dedicated 
for end-to-end improvement in terms of how do we not only forecast for inventory but also the 
lead time as well as the way we store inventories upstream versus downstream.  
And the best-in-class benchmark that we have is that the stock turn improvement that you see to 
2.1, which is on a trailing 12 month basis, it is not an easy metric to move. We want to see it in 
the next about 12 months to move to almost 2.5 plus. 
Moving to Slide #15. Other highlights, 644 franchise stores. Expansion on franchise store 
continues. We were a little less than required in 20 stores. Largely, the first half of the quarter 
was disturbed because of the geopolitical situation of Indo-Pak, etc.  
And that disrupted the momentum, but then onwards it has picked up and we are hopeful of 
maintaining the momentum of about 30 stores to 40 stores a quarter. NPS keeps on moving 
ahead.  
We have now introduced a significantly more stringent metric, which is on Google Ratings, 
which is visibly outside to consumers as well as externally validated, and that is at about 4.6.  
KROs are from a multi-brand outlet, we have now significantly invested on KROs, and that is 
at about 1,500, 300 more than last year. And we have been awarded a few awards, Best 
Workplace Culture, etc. 
We also launched three large campaigns. I talked about the Floatz one. I talked about HP. For 
Bata we had launched under the Make Your Way platform, the Tropical Breeze Collection, 
which was under the Comfort piece.  

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Moving to financials. So, therefore, this is a summary.  
Financials, the growth was flat at minus 0.3% at Rs. 942 crores. Gross margin, however, took a 
slight toll at minus 133 basis points. The EBITDA margin was at about 22.9% and the PAT 
landed up at about 5.5%, before exceptional, less by 112 basis points. 
There were two exceptional items as I mentioned below in the fine print. One was the VRS cost 
that we incurred towards the partial relieving of some workers in one of our factories, in line 
with our longer-term plan of trying to get an efficiency on fixed costs.  
And the second one was in the base year of last year, where we had got an exceptional item of 
realization of Faridabad land at Rs. 134 crores.  
That brings me to the end. There are a few slides in the appendix, which you can go through. 
Thank you. 
Nitin Bagaria: 
Yes, we can now move to Q&A moderator, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our 
first question from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financials. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Hi, Gunjan. My first question was with regards to the gross margins in the quarter around. We 
are seeing improvement in the contribution from the premium part of the portfolio. We are also 
seeing the quality of the merchandise, etc., improving. However, still we see that, the gross 
margins have declined. So, if you can highlight what has really led to this? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. Hi Gaurav. Thank you. No, your observation is right. Partially, the reason that has been 
there, especially in the last couple of quarters, would be on the lines of clearance of some of the 
inventory, not only aged, but also what we call as basically discontinued. And that is the process 
that we are now putting in much more stringency as part of what I have talked about as Customer 
First. 
 
But effectively, answering your question, I think a large part of is done. Now we are in a situation 
wherein we actually do not carry as much aged inventory or discontinued from that front, and 
especially compared to last year. So, now we should be able to basically realize a lot of that 
benefit from a gross margin perspective. However, there is some part of it which we will realize, 
some part of it will get redeployed where we are doing the value proposition initiatives in some 
of the categories. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. Sure. That is clear. And my second question is with regards to multiple steps that we have 
been taking, even, I mean, Zero Base Merchandising, the portfolio revamp, even on the tech 
front where you are doing multiple initiatives. However, somehow the revenue growth has been 
hard to come by. If you can dissect that what it is that despite a very low base, we are not able 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
to take the revenue growth to even mid-single digits. So, what apart from the slow macro 
consumption would help you to drive it to double digits? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. If I have understood your question right, it is basically in terms of what is it that is causing 
the roadblock to revenue growth, right, in, whatever, individual segments, or any commentary 
on that front. I mean, while we leave aside the environment piece, Gaurav, the piece that is I 
think in our view is going to be at the lower price points, and that is where basically the level of 
revenue growth is most critical to come through from. And that is the piece that we are focused 
significantly on.  
 
While this quarter we did see a significant, how do you say, sluggishness on the MBO, that is a 
distribution business front, we did see encouraging signs from a scores perspective on the lower 
price point. And we are hopeful that the initiatives that I have talked about will only gather 
momentum as we go forward.  
 
So, the lower price points less than Rs. 1,000 is where the stress is, and that is where we want to 
basically keep accelerating ourselves, while we push the premium part separately that I have 
talked about. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. Thank you. That is all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please go 
ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi, Gunjan, and thanks for taking my question. First question is on the margin front. Now, in the 
peak Bata, if I just look at a pre Ind AS basis, including the rental as part of other expenses, Bata 
made a 16% EBITDA margin a few years back. And last year it is finished at around 11%. There 
is some benefit of that royalty accounting here.  
 
Now, the company is hinting it is focusing more on the value part and that might be margin 
dilutive for some of the years. Internally, as an organization, is there a guardrail in terms of 
margin that this is the bottom and we will not allow the margin to go down from here? Is there 
a thought process around that? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. Sameer, so a couple of things, right? I am assuming what you are talking is at an EBITDA 
level, right? But I mean, in a very simple way, there are three large pieces towards this margin, 
right? One is obviously gross margin. The second one is, let us say, store related fixed costs, 
right, which are leverage coming from a same store growth. And the third one is corporate fixed 
costs, right, including manufacturing as well as corporate overheads. Are you with me till now? 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. Okay. So, now, I will try and give you some commentary on it, while we do not give 
forward-looking guidance on margins, but the way we are approaching for it, and let us see 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
whether it addresses your question, right? One is in terms of gross margin, I gave a commentary 
just prior to this question that was asked.  
 
And therefore, we are very hopeful that, that should come through. We will redeploy some part 
of it, right, of this cleaner inventory, etc., towards price point value. But I do not think that dilutes 
margins too much, and especially once we start driving scale, because that gives us economies 
of scale from a cost of product perspective. So, that is on the gross margin piece. 
 
On the piece which is to do with the leverage on same store growth, which is, anyway, super 
critical, and that comes through, I think our cost structures have been reasonably tightly run. 
And that is why, if you saw my presentation, the focus is on same store growth, right? We should 
be able to get that realized and transferred from a leverage perspective from an EBITDA. 
 
The last piece is on corporate. There we have done, obviously, a significant amount of work, 
both in terms of in-house manufacturing over the last two years, three years, as well as from a 
productivity perspective of corporate staff, and which I am very hopeful we should be able to 
see the realization as we see the top line growth. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Okay. Let me put it in another way. See, I understand that the efforts are towards driving same 
store sales growth, and that in turn will drive leverage. But those are not entirely in our hands 
as, if it would have been, we would have had a good history of SSS growth in the past few years 
also.  
 
So, my question is that then there is a level after which, if margins drop, the business does not 
make a very good return on investment, it will be sub 10% beyond a point. So, do we have a 
thought process in the organization that, okay, now it is time to do more cost cutting or we need 
to get more optimum levels of efficiencies, something on those lines, I am asking. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. That is what I meant by the third piece, because the second piece and third piece is where 
you can leverage your fixed costs. So, obviously, I think while on one end is leverage coming 
from top-line, otherwise you can make sure that you tighten up your fixed costs as much. As you 
can see, the manpower line has been much tighter even for the last couple of quarters, and that 
is what we will see going forward. Amit, you want to add in some more? 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Yes, Gunjan. And thanks for that opportunity. If you look at in terms of beyond gross margin, 
so there is a gross margin erosion of about 130 bps as a percentage of sale versus last year same 
quarter. We call the other cost item, if you add up, there is a benefit of losing close to about 45 
bps to 50 bps, which has emerged.  
 
Now this is emanating from all the structural initiatives on fixed costs, which Gunjan talked 
about. So, we are very aware in terms of top-line challenges because of various factors, which 
Gunjan also captured. Therefore, we are very tightly running the ship in terms of all the structural 
costs. They are continuing to be hard looked. And wherever we are finding access, we are 
ruthlessly cutting it out. So, that endeavor continues. 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. This is very helpful. Second question is that, if I just look at the channel, the feedback 
suggests that Bata stores are significantly understaffed, which technically leads to lower 
conversion. And this is despite the flexi manpower initiatives. And now, I am sure this is a 
feedback you would have also received over the course of several concalls. Any initiatives you 
are doing to tackle this? I know, I asked the first question on margins, but great to get your 
thoughts here. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. So, it will be great, Sameer, if you are able to pass on that feedback, because we do our 
checks on this front. And it is a template that is run centrally as well as empowered into the 
regions, which then gives a store the right to manpower, and obviously, correlated to their 
conversion metrics and stuff on that front. And I think broadly, while it is fine, there will be 
pockets where fluctuations do happen, for whatever reasons. The system can be far more agile 
in terms of reacting to it, but should work in that manner. So, if there are specific gaps, more 
than happy to tackle them. Does that answer your question? 
Moderator: 
Sameer, are you there? Sameer? 
Gunjan Shah: 
I think we have lost him. 
Moderator: 
We will move on to the next question, sir. The next question is from the line of Sandip Sabharwal 
from Asksandipsabharwal. Please go ahead. 
Sandip Sabharwal: 
Hi. I have been attending your calls for the last many quarters. And each call, the outlook seems 
to be very bullish when you present itself. But when we come to the end of the quarter, the top 
line virtually is stagnating. And the brand Bata also does not resonate so well with the young 
generation of today.  
 
And secondly, there are a lot of B2C brands which have come up, which are doing reasonably 
well. So, what is aiding the company that despite so many initiatives, there is virtually no 
growth? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay, Sandip. So, two, three things, right? Obviously, we also would like to see much better 
top-line. I think on a couple of fronts I mean, that I would like to respond on a slightly more 
macro level. One is that I think the consumer, especially in our target consumers, which is the 
middle class, probably the belly of the population, have obviously seen a certain pinch that is 
there in terms of the inflation that they have gone through.  
 
Now, making sure that they see value for money in our products, which we were known for, is 
something that we want to make sure that we consolidate and strengthen ourselves. And more 
importantly, also make sure that these are presented to consumers in the right way. And which 
is why this whole piece of ZBM, etc. is being worked upon. Now, that is one big piece. 
 
The second piece that is there is that the online piece, you are absolutely right. There is a 
significant amount of traction that is there online. Obviously, a far stronger traction that was 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
there, let us say, the immediate period post-COVID, etc. But there is a shift that is structurally 
there in terms of consumers having moved online. And a lot of the D2C brands are from there. 
Now, we have reinforced basically on two fronts.  
 
Obviously, our e-commerce business is our fastest growing business for some time. The dot-
com business is obviously now getting significant investment. We have just launched our app, 
let us say, about 10 days back. There is already about 10,000 downloads that have already 
happened. So, there is going to be significant impetus that will continues to keep plugging there. 
However, the conscious piece is that we want to make sure that this is consistently a profit 
accretive kind of a channel. And we do not want to land up buying up sales, which is not going 
to sustain down the line. 
 
The last piece that is there is on product design itself. And we are now working not only in India 
but also globally in terms of getting our significant amount of effort going behind product design, 
and which means the technology as well as making sure that trends in the material are rightly 
captured.  
 
Now one right example of this is, let us say, for example, the Floatz. Now, very clearly, it is at 
least the average consumer profile of Floatz is about 8 years to 10 years younger, right? It is a 
product line that has been started only about 3.5 years back, and it is already hitting a run rate of 
about Rs. 200 crores annualized. Where you put this together, it does work out. So, that is where 
the endeavor is, Sandip. But yes, I agree with you, we can do much better top line. 
Sandip Sabharwal: 
Thank you. And thanks for your detailed answer. The only point being like, as all of us know, 
footwear is sort of essential. Like you cannot do without it. So, how much you can capture out 
of the market, that is the whole question. And once a brand loses mindshare, then taking it back 
becomes difficult. So, wishing you the best, and let us hope things will be better going forward. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tanuj from JM Financials. Please go ahead. 
Tanuj: 
Hi, sir. Two questions from my side. First one will be, sir, we have slowed down our pace of 
implementing the Zero Base Merchandising. Like, as much I remember, you guided to 
implement this in 300 stores by end of this Q1. But we are now to 194 stores. So, any kind of 
hindrance which we are facing that you want to highlight? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. And what is your next question, Tanuj? 
Tanuj: 
Next question will be on margin, sir. As our franchise mix and e-commerce penetration is 
increasing, so how is this going to impact both the gross and EBITDA margins? How much 
dilutive both the things will be? 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, at an EBITDA level, it is not dilutive. At a gross margin, it can play a little mix because of 
the way the business model is structured for it. And I have mentioned this in the past also. In 
fact, our franchise business actually is exceptionally accretive from an EBITDA business. So, I 
hope that addresses that, that it should be net accretive from a profitability perspective as they 
grow. 
 
The ZBM piece, in a way, you are right. I would have expected this to accelerate much better 
because all performance metrics, from a consumer experience, from a throughput, productivity 
of the stores, revenue per square foot, as well as from, as I said, ROIC, they are all better. The 
piece, however, that is making sure that we are a little more consolidated the way we go about, 
when the stores are made so lean that you have to have the complete system running really 
smoothly to service those stores.  
 
Now, ideally, once we do that, we want to make sure that we sustain it, and we do not want to 
have a hiccup. Now, we have had a situation where the team went a little too eagerly, and we 
actually had to take a toll on turnover for a couple of weeks, and which is why now we want to 
make sure that we do not have these blackout periods in between because they can be very 
damaging to the store’s performance. 
 
And that is the reason why it is getting a little modulated. As I mentioned in my presentation, 
while we see are comfortable with the 50 stores getting transformed into this network 
progressively every quarter, hopefully, I think with the various other initiatives falling in place, 
we should be able to accelerate it to about 65 stores, 70 stores. 
Tanuj: 
Okay. Sure, sir. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Avinash: 
Good evening, sir. So, my question is relating to the sneakers. So, at one point, we have 
introduced something like a Sneaker Studio. There was a lot of focus on that. So, what happened 
to that? I mean, for the last few quarters, we are not seeing any kind of growth there. So, what 
exactly is happening there? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. Avinash, so Sneaker Studio continues. I think we are now, at last count, close to almost 
about 800 stores out of the network with a Sneaker Studio now. The endeavor at that point in 
time, just to give you a context, was to make sure that the sneaker proposition from within the 
store is brought out, and which is why we put up the panel, and then for the Sneakers Studio 
concept was brought in. 
 
Now, the point is that now we see that we need to take this to the next level, and which is why 
the initiative is now on the portfolio that we are displaying under Sneaker Studio, and which is 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
what now I have been focusing a lot more and that is what the organization is working on also. 
But that does not mean that the Sneaker Studio initiative has stopped. That still continues.  
 
And any store that undergoes a renovation or a new store opening does have a distinct Sneaker 
Studio concept, but the driver is now going to be portfolio going forward for the next level of 
growth that we need from this category. And that is why I focused on what I talked about both 
from a Power perspective as well as value proposition. 
Avinash: 
Okay. Got it. I mean, I do not need an exact number, but what would be the ASP of the speakers 
that we are doing? What is the kind of growth rate in the last couple of quarters that we are 
seeing in this category? Because they account for like a substantial 20% of the top line, right, if 
I am not wrong? 
Gunjan Shah: 
Sorry, can you just repeat the last point? 
Avinash: 
I mean, sneakers account for like 20% of the top line last time when we spoke of. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. Right. So, it is about a 20% contribution to top line of the stores. It is an ASP which is 
about 1.2x of our store ASP, overall sneakers. Power is much higher. We do sell sneakers under 
Bata also and we do sell sneakers under North Star. 
Avinash: 
Any view on like how has the growth been there in the last couple of quarters? Because we are 
seeing everything was done within, other players are putting, like their inventory position are 
getting better in the sneaker portfolio. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Can you just repeat that? 
Avinash: 
I am trying to say there is a -- 
Gunjan Shah: 
It has been slightly better, I would say. Not dramatically different, but it is been slightly better 
than the overall growth rate over the last, say, about last six months or so. 
Avinash: 
Okay. That is it. Thank you. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Savai from Abakkus Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Savai: 
Hi. My question is on the COCO format now. It is been more than two years and expansion is 
extremely very slow. And I understand there has been a lot of store closures. So, how do we see 
this year as far as COCO format expansion is concerned? And what kind of store closures are 
we looking at? 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Gunjan Shah: 
Right. So, I mean, it is a continuous process, Nirav, that happens in the retail world. And 
obviously, modulating based on basically same store growth in the environment that we see, 
then the net additions are an outcome of that in a way. But we still go on doing about roughly, 
in my view, about 70 to 80 gross additions that happen every year in COCO, gross, right?  
 
Now, depending on some of the consolidation initiatives that we are on, let us say, for example, 
in the last two, three quarters, there has been accelerated effort towards that. That will result in 
a net number that we are talking about.  
 
But we have still been largely, I would say, flattish, maybe a few store additions year-on-year. 
And that should only accelerate as we see the environment improving, hopefully. So, there has 
been, obviously, a lot of expansion that has happened through the franchise format, especially 
in the smaller towns, where, obviously, the benefit comes through in terms of new town 
additions, which are obviously grabbing new consumers.  
 
Simultaneously, a lot of effort has been towards not only Zero Base Merchandising expansion, 
but also towards better Bata Red 2.0, which is renovating the stores. And that reaches at I think 
about 60% of the network now. 
Nirav Savai: 
Right. So, basically, at net level, we should look at a minimal 10% -15% kind of store expansion. 
Gunjan Shah: 
As of now, in the short term, yes. 
Nirav Savai: 
And I understand the stores which we are shutting down are not very profitable stores, and maybe 
some of them might be loss making stores. So, what can be the incremental addition in margins 
which we can look at post closure of the stores? Because we have been doing this exercise for 
more than three years now. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Right. So, normally a store, we do not allow it to be significantly negative. So, as soon as it turns 
marginally negative from a four wall margin basis, it gets into a scanner. And then I think in 
another about three months to four months is then the decision is precipitated, in case all other 
levers have been basically fructified. So, that is where the benefit arrives, but I will let Amit 
answer in case of, he is got a better number to answer you on this. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
So, typically, the closures what we have done, they should help us increase our operating costs 
or facilitate reduction of the operating costs because the stores were loss-making, right? So, 
typically, we have seen on an average is about let us say, 40 basis point to 50 basis point 
improvement coming in the overall operating margin from the store closures. 
Nirav Savai: 
Okay. So, that is something which we can foresee for the rest of the year. 
Amit Aggarwal: 
Yes. But also, what happens is that when you open a new store, which Gunjan also mentioned, 
it takes time to become profitable. So, the year one, generally, the new stores are not profitable 
on year one. So, therefore, there is that compounding, or let us say, impact which happens. So, 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
net-net, on account of store opening and closure, at best you see a 10 basis point to 20 basis point 
improvement only, which is largely coming from the store closure, but gets offset because of the 
store opening. But year two, year three onwards, that delta of 40 basis point to 50 basis point, 
which I mentioned, that continues to be. 
Nirav Savai: 
So, we have been adding 70 stores, 80 stores, I understand, for the last three years. And the 
closures have been maybe, let us say, 50 stores. So, now the years, let us say, FY ‘23 - ‘24, those 
stores would have turned profitable. Now, is there any time frame, let us say, a new store for, let 
us say, two years does not function or operate as per our expectations, we shut it down. So, what 
is the criteria of store closure? Are these old legacy stores which have been burning cash for a 
long time? 
Amit Aggarwal: 
See, internally, we have a stringent framework in terms of performance evaluation for any store. 
Like Gunjan mentioned, we look at stores which are closer to breakeven from that evaluation 
perspective. So, one is the criteria on the bottom line. Second criteria is also the brand presence 
within that geographical space also.  
 
So, there could be a couple of stores which are marginally loss-making, let us say, from an 
operating cost perspective of that store, they are operating at a minus 2% - minus 3% of a loss, 
but we do not have either our own store or present through franchise, given that the quantum of 
loss, it is negligible, we may continue to operate.  
 
But any store which is significant, again, that gets addressed, irrespective of the duration. 
Minimum criteria what we apply is two years from a store opening. 
Nirav Savai: 
All right. And how many such stores would be still there, which we are looking to close? Or do 
we see FY ‘26 as a conclusive year for cutting down loss-making stores? Or this is an ongoing 
process which will keep on continuing? 
Amit Aggarwal: 
It is an ongoing process, right? So, every six months, we refresh the store performance. While 
the data is available on a monthly basis, but given that there are various factors which impact 
the store performance, the first intent is to fix those other levers, which helps us driving either 
in terms of the merchandise refresh, or the margin profile change, or renegotiation with the 
landlord, right?  
 
But when everything also does not figure out, and as I said, based on the criteria which we 
follow, still it does not meet, then only we proceed for the closure. 
Nirav Savai: 
Right, right. So, basically these closures of 50 stores - 60 stores will continue for FY ‘26 and 
beyond that also we see that happening -- 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Nirav. 
Nirav Savai: 
-- it is impacting growth. Yes, this was just the last question. 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Amit Aggarwal: 
In terms of-- 
Nirav Savai: 
So, I am saying that the closures also has been impacting the top-line growth. So, is this a final 
conclusive year or this will 50 - 50 stores will continue to close every year? 
Gunjan Shah: 
See, it is an ongoing process, this is always going to be there, and any diligent retailer will have 
it. However, the quantum of stores will be very difficult to project. We as of now see a significant 
reduction in the pipeline that we see, right? I mean, let us say the red list that Amit was talking 
about, which is refreshed every six months, that is significantly lower versus, let us say, one year 
back, right?  
 
Now, will that expand going forward or will that reduce, will also depend upon basically the 
store’s performance. So, our objective is to make sure it becomes smaller and smaller because 
there is some amount of write off that you do of fixed costs, right? So, you have built an equity. 
You have invested in a certain locality. So, you do not want to do too many of them. 
 
It also predicates on the fact that how good you are at opening new stores. What is the right 
location? Have you got the right commercials going, etc., etc. And there is obviously a bunch of 
things that people have done in terms of getting the right triangulation of various inputs into the 
potential of a store and therefore the commercials.  
 
So, you have tied up with third-party agencies that get some kind of a consumption pattern and 
therefore potential demand. Therefore, we hope that this pipeline will keep reducing going 
forward. If that is the narrow question. 
Nirav Savai: 
Got it. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I wanted to understand the volume growth in this quarter and 
the ASP performance given all the initiatives taken and the hurdles faced. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. Just a second. Yes. Okay. Broadly, I think both of them have been flattish, Prerna, right? 
Largely driven by basically the fact that we had a disproportionate amount of impact in the first 
half of the quarter, especially in the IND business because of the conflict, etc., that we talked 
about. So, it is been broadly flattish on that front, allowing for the mix change, etc. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. So, sir, with all the initiatives taken, whether it is Zero Base for EBOs as well as focus on 
Power and Floatz and stuff, when do we see volume growth and revenue growth picking up? 
And how do we see internally on the growth that can be achieved at an overall level in the 
company? 

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. So, I answered that question earlier. Our endeavor is towards making sure that, despite 
demand conditions remaining soft, some of these initiatives help us drive the growth. And we 
are hopeful that this comes sooner rather than later, that we can get the full bang of all these 
efforts coming together at the storefront. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And any color on how much stores can be added at a net level in this 
year? 
Gunjan Shah: 
We should be looking at broadly while the longer-term guidance has been to basically add about 
130 stores to 150 stores a year, with a ratio of about 80 - 20 franchise to COCO, so we should 
be in that ballpark, maybe a little lower because of, I think, a slower last couple of quarters. But 
we should see acceleration going forward, primarily driven through franchise, as I mentioned in 
my presentation earlier also. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay, sir. Sir, thank you for the answers. All the best. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Thank you, Prerna. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Bharati from Nuvama Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, with regard to your franchising 
network, which used to be close to 150 odd stores around COVID period and now 650 stores, 
what is, let us say, the throughput number, how has it moved over the years? And has there been 
a repeat in terms of the franchise has come back, or what proportion of these franchises have 
come back to open, let us say, another store with you, just to you success here? 
 
And the related question is, in terms of your Hush Puppies arrangement, is not there a mandate, 
let us say, get to a certain milestone number of stores in, let us say, two years, three years out? 
Yes. These are two questions. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. All right. Thanks, Rajiv. Quickly on the franchise piece, franchise contributes to roughly 
around about 12% of turnover on a retail sales price level, right? Realization turnover, obviously, 
is a little lower because of the way we realize whole price on the DOS side, right, on the COCO 
side. 
 
The piece on repeat franchisees, we see more and more of it. Right now, if I last recollect, I think 
on an average, partner of ours has about 1.7 stores or 1.6 stores with us. But let us say, the 
additions that we are doing, about 60% of our additions are coming from existing partners. And 
we want to propagate that further.  

 
Bata India Limited 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
So, we are encouraging franchises to open more, and we are seeing that happening much easier, 
much faster. Because, obviously, they understand our systems and portfolio much better and 
vice versa also. 
 
On the Hush Puppies front, basically, the point is that we do have some kind of an arrangement 
on the brand. We have long since crossed that from a relationship perspective because it is been 
well established, it is been there for a long time. But however, we are ahead of plan on that front. 
So, we do not see a constraint from that perspective. Does that answer your question, Rajiv? 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Yes, sir. Just a follow-up on the first part, the 12% contribution you mentioned. Let us say pre 
COVID, what was the contribution? Because you mentioned that this is margin accretive as 
compared to the remaining business, right, on the EBITDA side. But overall EBITDA has not 
moved. So, something else is eating into, let us say, if this channel is growing better. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Yes. So, what is the question, Rajiv? 
Rajiv Bharati: 
No. So, has the contribution changed materially? This 12% number was in the same ballpark 
earlier also, is it, in terms of contribution? 
Gunjan Shah: 
No, no. Franchise contribution was much lower earlier. I mean, that is the whole reason that this 
expanded, right? I mean, I cannot recollect immediately, but my sense is it was less than 3%. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sure. That is all from my side. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Gunjan Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Rajiv. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Nitin Bagaria: 
So, thank you, everyone, for joining. It was lovely interacting. Over to you, moderator and JM 
Financial. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Bata India Limited and JM Financials, that concludes the 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: While we have made our best attempt to prepare a verbatim transcript of the proceedings of the Earnings’ Call, 
however, this may not be a word-to-word reproduction 
