 
 
4 August 2025  
  
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam: 
 
Subject:  Transcripts of earnings conference call held on 1 August 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, enclosed is the transcript of the earnings conference call held by the management 
of the Company with all the investors over the telephone call on Friday, 1 August 2025 at 2:00 p.m. 
(IST) to discuss the financial results for the for the quarter ended 30 June 2025. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Sincerely 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Vinod 
Mali
Digitally signed 
by Vinod Mali 
Date: 
2025.08.04 
18:57:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
“Hester Biosciences Limited 
Q1 FY 2025-26 Earnings Conference Call” 
1 August 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV GANDHI - CEO AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MS. PRIYA GANDHI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. DIVYESH MARU - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NISHA SHETTY - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
1 August 2025 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Hester Biosciences Q1 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nisha Shetty. Thank you, and over to 
you, ma'am. 
Nisha Shetty: 
Thank you, Anoushka. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI 
Securities, I welcome you all on Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Hester 
Biosciences, and I thank the Hester Biosciences management team for giving 
us this opportunity to host this call. 
 
Today on this call we have with us Mr. Rajiv Gandhi, CEO and Managing 
Director; Ms. Priya Gandhi, Executive Director; and Mr. Divyesh Maru, CFO. I 
will now hand over the call to the Hester management team for their opening 
remarks. Thank you. Over to you, ma'am. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, it seems like the line for the management has been 
disconnected. Please stay connected until I re-join the lines. Ladies and 
gentlemen, thank you for waiting patiently. The management's line has been 
connected. Thank you. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Okay. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Priya Gandhi. Thank you 
for joining us on this call for our Q1 FY '26 results. As always, we really 
appreciate your continued interest and belief in our journey, one which is 
rooted in purpose and long-term value creation. 
 
Q1 FY '26 has presented to be a mixed quarter with a lower stand-alone 
performance, but a strong performance on a consolidated front. While our 
India business has faced some headwinds due to timing delays in institutional 
orders, we saw a notable turnaround in our Africa operations, which has driven 
the overall profitability higher. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
1 August 2025 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
 
 
Despite the dip in the top line, our profitability has remained intact, supported 
by a series of focused actions. Over the past few quarters, we worked on 
standardizing key processes across our plant functions, tightening cost control, 
making deliberate choices around product mix that positively favor the 
profitability. 
 
We also prioritized efficiency in how we deploy our teams growing capabilities 
where needed, while maintaining leaner structure overall. These are not 
reactive measures, but a part of sustained effort to strengthen our 
organization's resilience and readiness for scale. 
 
On a stand-alone divisional product-wise performance, which has stood at 
INR63 crores, which reflects a 14% degrowth and PAT declining by 7%, mainly 
on account of delayed government immunisation program in our Animal Health 
division. That said, our EBITDA and PAT margins have held steady, supported 
by cost optimization and operational efficiency. Despite the top line pressure, 
our focus on improving internal efficiencies and managing product mix has 
helped in protect our profitability. 
 
Coming to our Animal Health division, particularly which includes both the 
Ruminant as well as the Petcare business, which saw a 33% decline, primarily 
due to the deferred execution of our 2 large immunization programs for PPR 
and lumpy skin disease. For lumpy skin disease, in which we provide our Goat 
Pox Vaccine. These programs are typically tender-driven and tend to have an 
organic and a nonlinear time line. While this quarter bore the brunt of those 
delays, we do expect traction and a return in Q2. 
 
At the same time, we ensured continuity in this field through stable demand 
for our core products in the line of therapeutics, have also introduced alternate 
products in our - in key geographies where there were earlier regulatory 
challenges. I want to say that these are not cancellations but just deferrals, 
and we expect execution to begin picking up in Q2 and beyond. The 
fundamentals of our business remain strong. 
 
 
 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
1 August 2025 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
 
 
On the Petcare front, we continued our market development efforts, especially 
in the western part of India. This includes deeper veterinarian engagement, 
expansion of distribution and focused outreach program. While early stage, we 
are seeing good signals in terms of repeat demand and prescription interest, 
as we believe this segment will start continuing more meaningfully to the top 
line in the coming quarters. 
 
Coming to our Poultry Healthcare division, which has been - which has 
recorded a little bit of a growth of 2% led by our sustained demand for - in 
our key vaccines, namely the Newcastle disease vaccine and Marek's vaccine. 
Our feed supplements and disinfectants launched last year are gaining 
acceptance, and we expect their contributions to improve further over the next 
2 quarters. 
 
We also expand our technical support engagement efforts with our customers, 
especially integrators and large poultry players, and that will help us in 
maintaining strong market presence despite a broader industry volatility. 
 
On a consolidated level, divisional sales has gone up despite of the dip that we 
see on a stand-alone basis. And our PAT has grown by over 100%, driven 
primarily by improved international performance and margin control. We 
focused a lot on maintaining the cost discipline and execution of efficiency 
across regions, and that has started reflecting in our results. 
 
I'm happy to share that Hester Africa has not only recovered the loss that it 
had incurred in the same quarter last year, but it has also made profit of INR5 
crores in this quarter. And this was on a top line of INR17 crores, up 
significantly from INR3 crores in the corresponding quarter in the last period. 
This turnaround was driven by improved commercial execution and better 
market penetration. 
 
Our facility in Tanzania is now stabilized, and we are leveraging that base to 
expand our presence in regions with high demand for ruminant and poultry 
vaccines. We are cautiously scaling our footprint across priority markets in the 
continent and are optimistic about sustaining profitability here, and Africa 
continues to be a long-term strategic market for us. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
1 August 2025 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
 
 
Coming to Hester Nepal, it has shown a consistent performance. As typical of 
this geography, quarterly revenues can vary due to timing of institutional 
orders rather than underlying demand. That said, our market position remains 
strong, and we continue to maintain leadership across categories. We remain 
confident in operational momentum and the pace of regulatory clearances and 
product registrations that will support sustained performance going forward. 
 
While external factors have weighed us on the quarter stand-alone 
performance, we've used this period to make significant internal 
improvements. We've realigned our sales and marketing approach to be more 
feel focused. We strengthened our R&D prioritization around products. 
 
One key focus area this quarter has been enhancing our preparedness for our 
upcoming launch of the avian influenza vaccine, which we had spoken about 
getting launched in Q1. Everything from our side is clear. We are just waiting 
for some regulatory clearances, which are anticipated to come in this quarter 
any time. We've also expanded our feed supplement and disinfectant range, 
and initial feedback from the market has been encouraging. 
 
On the international front, we are focusing on capacity utilization, improving 
logistics and response time and growing local engagement, particularly in 
Africa, where we selectively expanded our team to better address commercial 
opportunities. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the remaining part of FY '26, with 
institutional demand expected to normalize combined with increased 
momentum in newer markets across our Petcare and Poultry portfolio, we are 
confident of returning to growth in the coming quarters. 
 
And on an overall consolidated performance, which gives us further confidence 
that our strategic foresight that we place in terms of geography, portfolio, 
internal capabilities are headed in the right direction. We remain inspired, 
focused and ready, staying true to our focus in animal health care while 
pursuing innovation-led growth. 
 
Thank you all for patiently hearing me out, and we now look forward to taking 
your questions. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
1 August 2025 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from 
BugleRock PMS. 
Rushabh Shah: 
My first question is, could you comment on the FMD vaccine because in one of 
the 2020 calls, you had mentioned that, yes, in the long run, Hester Biosciences 
would get into FMD vaccines. So what is the status of that? Could you please 
comment on that? 
Priya Gandhi: 
FMD is a disease which is of a very high national and in fact, even international 
importance. However, yes, we may have at some point, expressed our interest 
or desire. But at this point of time, we are not into FMD, and we don't have 
any short-term plan of getting into that right away. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. So my second question is how big is the poultry vaccine market globally? 
At least domestically, you have a 30% market share. But globally, how big is 
that market? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. Rajiv Gandhi here. These statistics are not ready with us at the moment 
on the whole global market scenario, sorry for that, probably it could be 
answered off-line later on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshal Mehta from Zen Nivesh. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Congratulations, sir, for a great turnaround in your African operations. So my 
first question is, sir, as per my understanding, Poultry segment has always 
been a cyclical business, and we were expecting the cycle to begin the move 
since many quarters now. But the numbers are still not showing that kind of 
strength. Any more color maybe for the subsequent quarters that you would 
like to share? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. Poultry, in a way, been cyclical yes, feed, it is even very cost-sensitive. 
The -- if you really go to see -- if you take the poultry market, we have had a 
marginal growth on the poultry side, 2%. But overall, there has been a dip. So 
I think what we have done is at least we have been able to maintain our 
turnover, etcetera. And we are very confident that this will now go up. You 
might say that every time we say that we have that confidence, but it is 
something which we are also dependent on market forces. 
 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
1 August 2025 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
 
 
And yes, but having said that, within the current situation, we are doing our 
best, and we are definitely now have taken up an objective to gain more 
market share in the coming months, and that should probably give us an 
upward trend, irrespective of the dynamics of the poultry industry. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Amazing, sir. Sir, my next question is, so talking about your Nepal business. 
So what is your long-term strategy with Nepal? Because it's not growing yet -
- it's not growing at all for many quarters now. So... 
Priya Gandhi: 
So the Nepal plant was specifically built to cater to the worldwide eradication 
PPR program. And I mean, for various reasons, which are beyond our control, 
it has been quite fluctuating, especially COVID has impacted that quite a bit. 
 
Having said that, going forward, we are going to be needing more capacity 
given the demand, which is also going to come in Africa. So within our 3 plants, 
we will look at optimizing our capacity across these 3 plants that we have, 
given the rising demand that we see in the continent of Africa. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Okay. Understood. So just a follow-up on the African business only. So you 
have seen African business impact on consolidated numbers going ahead. So 
there was a huge turnaround in the African business for this quarter. So you 
see how it can affect the consolidated numbers for subsequent quarters? 
Priya Gandhi: 
I mean if the trend continues, it will affect in a positive way, which we are 
hoping to have. At the same time, I mean, we really don't want to comment 
whether this is the trend it will continue to have. But yes, all we can say is that 
there is a lot of demand, and we are working very hard in developing and 
commercializing product specific for the continent of Africa, very localized, 
which are very much in demand. But difficult really to comment right now on 
whether this trend is going to continue in the next quarters or whether it is 
going to fluctuate. But yes, I think as a base, we are -- we've started off 
something on a very positive note. 
 
 
 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
1 August 2025 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, and extending this what Priya mentioned, the current business, as what 
we have done, and there are more registrations also coming in from various 
African countries. So even if there is a dip in one type of business, I'm sure we 
would be able to somehow compensate through the new additional business 
that we would get. But it would be prudent for us to say that we have started 
the trend, we will try our best to uphold it. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Amazing, sir. Congratulations once again for the superb turnaround in African 
operations. All the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Megh Jain from GormalOne LLP. 
Megh Jain: 
Yes. So my first question is, when is your BSL-3 facility likely to be capitalized? 
And will the entire INR176 crores work in progress as on March 2025 be 
capitalized? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. The BSL-3 facility was specifically made to address and manufacture the 
COVID bulk antigen, as you all are aware. Thank God that COVID has gone 
away. But yes, that has left us with a facility which we are trying to get it 
repurposed. And we are in progress to getting it repurposed, probably we 
should get the permission in the next few months. And then we have plans on 
how to use this BSL-3 facility to increase our product range for animal vaccines. 
It being a governmental thing is a lag, which we have to accept. 
Megh Jain: 
Okay. For my second question, please share your insights on the kind of 
interaction Hester is having with other countries on PPR eradication program. 
Also, when will the African swine fever vaccine launch in Africa? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The PPR vaccine is mainly tender business. So it is centralized earlier by FAO. 
Now it has been moved to an African agency. We are regularly in touch with 
them, and there are absolute follow-ups. And besides that, we are also 
targeting the private - whatever small the private market for PPR is. We are 
focusing on quite a few countries in Africa. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
1 August 2025 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
 
 
African swine fever, we have not yet got any visibility on the African swine 
fever vaccine. There is no vaccine currently available in the world, but we are 
as much scouting to -- how to get into the manufacturing of African swine 
fever. We have a few leads. But at this point of time, it would be inappropriate 
for us to talk anything on that vaccine. At this point, you can take it. It's - we 
are working on it. And we have no outer time line. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think there are no more questions, ma'am. 
Moderator: 
All right. So as there are no further questions from the participants, I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Thank you, everyone. It was nice interacting and is encouraging for us to be 
here present quarter-on-quarter and present our results. As mentioned that, 
yes, Q1, the stand-alone for Q1 has seen a little bit of a dip, but the 
consolidated performance has been - is giving us a lot of confidence that 
whatever strategies, etcetera, we are putting in place are taking shape across 
geographies and portfolios. And yes, we are here to serve you all and the 
animal health care industry. So thank you all for your continued support. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
---------- X ---------- 
