Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
Corp. Office: 9th Floor, DLF Building No.10.Tower C, DLF Cyber City, Phase II, Gurgaon – 122002, India; Tel: +91 124 7152300; Fax.: +91 (0) 124-422 2036; www.schneider-infra.in 
Regd. Office: Milestone-87, Vadodara - Halol Highway, Village Kotambi, Post Office Jarod Vadodara -391510, Gujarat; Tel: +91 02668 664300 Fax: +91 664621; CIN: L31900GJ2011PLC064420  
SEIL/Sec./SE/2025-26/39 
 
August 12, 2025 
The Manager 
 
The Secretary 
Listing Department  
 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street 
Bandra (East), MUMBAI  400 051 
 
MUMBAI 400 001 
 
Fax # 022-2659 8237/8238/8347/8348 
Fax # 022-2272 3121/2037/2039 
Symbol: SCHNEIDER  
 
Scrip Code No. 534139 
Sub: Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir(s), 
In continuation of our letter no. SEIL/Sec./SE/2025-26/29 dated August 1, 2025, regarding schedule of 
investor conference call, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the conference call held on 
August 8, 2025, for discussing the unaudited Financial Results and earnings performance of the 
Company for 1st quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
This transcript will be made available on the Company’s website i.e. https://infra-in.se.com/. 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
(Sumit Goel) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
SUMIT 
GOEL
Digitally signed 
by SUMIT GOEL 
Date: 2025.08.12 
14:48:09 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
General 
 
 
 
 
 
“Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. UDAI SINGH – MD & CEO 
MS. SUPARNA BHATTACHARYYA – CFO 
MR. MOHIT AGARWAL – HEAD - INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIT KAPADIA – ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 2 of 16 
 
General 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing the star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you, Shruti. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities, we welcome you all 
for the Q1 FY '26 Conference Call of Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited. I take this 
opportunity to welcome the management of Schneider Electric Infrastructure represented by Mr. 
Udai Singh, Managing Director and CEO; Mrs. Suparna Bhattacharyya, Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Mohit Agarwal, Head of Investor Relations. We will begin the call with a brief overview 
by management followed by a Q&A session. 
 
I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Singh for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Udai Singh: 
I just -- I'm sure you have gone through the presentation, which we had shared a couple of days 
ago, and I want to take you along that and then followed up by whatever questions you might 
have. 
 
Now I would like to reiterate and which is what I'm very proud of, of the setting up the mission 
and vision statement for the company. SEIL has a very clear vision of leading the new digitalized 
energy world as we say, offering our customers and partners the most innovative connected 
products and solutions, which would be ready for the then power distribution's elevated 
expectations. 
We do this with our balanced business models, superior quality and efficient supply chains, 
which will keep our growth and profitability intact and resilient. We have a very clear mission, 
as you know, to be a digital partner for sustainability and efficiency. And we really believe that 
the life is on, as we say, everywhere, for everyone and at every moment. 
 
I'll start my presentation with a slide on the market outlook. And what we have tried to share 
with you here is, what -- how is India evolving? And what does the future look for company? 
And what we have tried to do here is try to summarize this primarily into 4 pillars, and these 4 
pillars are the trends which we see them evolve, which are greatly impacting the company, which 
we currently run, which is Schneider Electric Infrastructure. 
 
Now the first one is -- of course, is the green energy, which, as you know, it has been moving 
very -- in a very agile way, I would say. India has attained 50% of power demand, about 4, 4.5 
or 5 years ahead of the schedule. And they have – three-fourth of what we added in this Q1 is 
actually coming out of renewable, which just reinforces the fact that we are on the right track as 
a country. 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 3 of 16 
 
General 
 
Now what is important and which I want to really point out is something which has been 
happening on the hydrogen demand and what is lying in front of us as regards to the green 
hydrogen. 
Now the analysts have said that we expect the hydrogen demand to be roughly about close to 9 
MMTPA by 2032. Now what it also means is there are a lot of things, which will start happening. 
I'm sure you have -- you must have noticed the activities which are underlying this green 
hydrogen thing. There are people who are actually making electrolyzers, there are developers 
and investors who actually -- and owners, of course, who are trying to make these facilities. 
And this is something which as and when it picks up, it really will -- has a very positive impact 
for the company. What is also important is about the integration of the solar produced power 
into the national grid. Now this also impacts us a lot because we have plentiful smart grid 
solutions, which can be enacted upon as and when these demands picks up. 
And in fact, if you notice and you read about INR14,000 crores actually scheme is being put just 
to hook up 9 gigawatts of solar being thereby produced into the national grid scheme. As I said, 
this will open up some business avenues for us in terms of provisioning and installing the grid 
solutions, which can make this flow, which is a multidirectional flow, seamless. 
 
Another important element, which you will recall, our honourable finance minister said, is our 
interest in small modular reactors. Now typically, if you perhaps have noticed, nuclear power in 
India today, we are roughly at about 7 gigawatts. And to put up a nuclear plant by Nuclear Power 
Corporation of India usually takes anywhere between 5 to 7 or 8 years because these plants are 
large. 
There is a there's a huge capacity or huge requirement of land, which is being sought. There's 
things around environmental clearances, etcetera, which has to happen. And that's the reason 
why the gestation period of these projects are longer. Now this being one of the clear fuels is 
being thought and which is being very rightfully thought is, can we get into those reactors, which 
are smaller in size. And therefore, it will bring up a few things. 
One is it will accelerate our ambition of becoming 100 gigawatts of renewable by 2047, which 
is the time which -- where we will turn 100 years of independence. And this will bring up an 
accelerated -- as I said, accelerated mechanism of actually putting up nuclear power plants, plus 
additionally, it will also be -- facilitate the country to put up these nuclear power plants, where 
the lands available are smaller in far flung areas where perhaps today, we have not been even 
thinking of putting up a nuclear plant. 
 
Now when I mentioned this, as and when these plants come up, this eventually opens up avenues 
for us for business for really engaging and supplying power distribution equipment along with 
the software and solutions, which we have not only for the plant but also for the people who 
actually will eventually make these smaller reactors in India. And of course, it's being supported 
by the government through the National Green Hydrogen Mission where about INR20,000 
crores have been earmarked for us. 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 4 of 16 
 
General 
 
I jump into the second pillar, which is essentially the artificial intelligence and the digitalization, 
which is being sought. Data centers in India actually will see a different path altogether. Today 
-- and this will get fueled by the growth in the digital economy. Now we were -- a couple of 
years ago, we're roughly about 11%. 
Now we expect that this economy -- digital economy ratio as we turn in, say, 2031 or 2032, this 
will be roughly about 20%. now what does it mean? It means that we have to handle large 
amounts of data. Not only this will economy push, but also the fast-growing 5G needs will also 
push the data center demand in India to go up. And what we expect that we should be adding 
another 2.5 gigawatts or about 3 gigawatts of IT load capacity on the existing 1.2 gigawatt load 
in, say, coming 4 to 5 years. 
 
Now this is very important for us, again, because we supply substantially to data centers. And 
we have solutions which can be given in this segment to make them very energy efficient and 
resilient. Now there are schemes, they have schemes which government has been driving to 
bring up this AI-based infrastructure in India to fuel the data center growth or to aid the data 
center growth and other accessories, which have been happening. 
 
Another couple of important topics in digitalization is the semiconductors, which now India has 
already -- the people who have announced OSAT facilities, there are Tatas who are going in for 
a large semicon in Gujarat. And that is something which will set forth India in a different orbit, 
I would say, in a few years down the line, where the Atmanirbhar Bharat or Self-Reliant Bharat 
in terms of making the entire chips which will be of different thicknesses in India self-sufficient, 
which is very important. 
This is something which is going to happen. And we -- the company has solutions actually to 
deliver and support these initiatives of government and developers. RDSS scheme, as you all 
know, has been our backbone. INR3 lakh crores were earmarked for this. There are states who 
have been working, and we supply the primary and secondary side of switchgear along with the 
solutions which we have, which are in terms of, again, modernization of grids to bring the AT&C 
losses down is something which we have been doing and which we will continue to do. 
 
Another important element, which I think everyone of you will relate is the mobility segment. 
The growth at which EV is expected to witness while we all know that the government has 
announced a penetration of about 30%, although it's a different matter that we are today at 7.8%. 
But I think you must have read the declarations made by the minister where they are trying to 
really push this hard in terms of even to an extent of deincentivizing people who are not 
embracing this EV, especially in the government side, is something which will propel this. 
And what we are really keen in seeing and supporting all those developers, whether they are 
CPOs or DISCOMs in terms of establishing a fast charging infrastructure, which is the future 
for tomorrow. 
 
Now when we say 30% penetration in year 2030, what we are essentially talking about is about 
40% of buses will actually get electrified, which will open up immense potential for us as we 
see and we anticipate going forward. Now even the charging infrastructure, I'm sure people who 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 5 of 16 
 
General 
are interested in this segment may be aware that we were roughly about 5,000 charging stations 
or blocks, which we had about 3, 4 years ago. 
We have actually grown to about 26,000. And we are expected to be at maybe putting up another 
close to 13 lakh charging stations and we see them coming up by 2030. Today, there's a large 
headroom to improvise because on an average, if I'm not wrong, we have one charger for 235 
vehicles, which is nowhere near to the advanced or developed nations where EVs have been 
embraced much higher like in Europe or U.S. And that's the reason why I say that this opens up 
a good avenue for us going forward. 
 
Another important element, which actually -- or another 2 in the mobility segment. One I would 
like to call out is the UDAN project of government, which is nothing but I'm sure you might 
have heard, is Udega Aam Nagrik, where we have been talking about 122 -- 120 new destinations 
being coming up and we getting close to about 4 crores of daily commute happening on the air. 
And that's something which is -- which will open up many, many things. 
I'm sure you would have opened -- you have seen in larger airports where people are speaking 
about these airports are sustainable. And what they really mean is these are energy-efficient 
airports, which are aimed to bring the CO2 emission least. And that is where our solutions come 
into picture. We get into multiple packages besides power distribution, which we handle very 
well. 
 
And we see a lot of upside going forward, while the projects take some time to get implemented, 
but at least there is an ambition, there is a direction which government has in terms of 
augmenting the air infrastructure. Not only that, we are also pretty much prevalent in the mass 
rapid transport system. We were -- we have already close to about 1,000 kilometers of rail 
network, mass rapid, and we intend to add another 1,000 in coming years. 
And that is where we actually would be generally very much interested and very much keen in 
actually engaging with the agencies which put up this infrastructure. We have quite high and 
appreciable percentage of power distribution in the entire country in this area and where we 
would like to take this further up. I'm sure you are aware, we make VCBs for -- on the trains, 
which are Vande Bharat trains, about 80%, 75% or three-fourth of trains in India are being 
powered up by your company's breakers. 
 
The last but not the least is something which I would like to call out is the energy storage systems. 
Now these are -- just to give you a sense about this, these are required essentially to handle to 
the peaking demand so that the DISCOMs can handle and ensure the reliability of availability 
of power when there is the peak in the -- or the surge in the demand. 
And India and the authorities, which are essentially the Central Electricity Authority have 
spelled out that we -- in 5 years from now, we would be having a capacity of 400-plus gigawatt 
hour, out of which about 230-plus gigawatt hour will come out of battery-based energy storage 
systems. 
And this is something which we see emerging very, very fast. And we -- and this is very relevant 
and pertinent to us because we have multiple solutions in this. We have modular solutions in 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 6 of 16 
 
General 
this. We can -- where this has got 3 basic parts. We can supply 1 part, 2 part or 3 part altogether 
to the people who actually are putting up these capacities and infrastructure in India. 
 
Another important thing is, of course, because you have EV picking up, we have battery-based 
energy storage systems picking up. And therefore, what is also picking up is the battery itself. 
Now there are battery manufacturers or rather I will put as cell manufacturers, which see -- and 
they are pretty bullish about setting up a localized infrastructure of cell manufacturing and 
battery manufacturing in India. 
We engage with them. We supply them the same set of solutions, which are -- which make them 
really make their operations, I would say, resilient, trouble-free and consistent. And therefore, 
the surge in the battery, which we will see, if not now, maybe 1 or 2 years later, is something 
where we will be very much interested and it will be impacting to us. 
 
And while we see this, what we are also trying to do is really -- I would like to take your attention 
to the bottom of the slide. What is that which we are trying to do here? Number one, we are 
engaging with the policymakers. We are engaging with the other set of stakeholders, which are 
relevant and pertinent in these areas. 
In terms of either on the -- I would say, on advising mode in terms of bringing in best practices 
of the globe to India, what we should be doing and what we should not be doing. The way we 
are going to expand these infrastructures in India and how the technologies can contribute. We 
are one of the respected voice here, and that's the reason why we are engaging with these 
regulatory bodies or policymakers. We are also trying to see as to how can we be a few years 
ahead of the rest of the market in terms of really bringing up something which is innovation. 
 
And when we say innovation, it is not because -- the entire innovation piece in the company is 
directed towards the differential value additive, which we bring in for the end user. And that's 
something which is being appreciated, and that is the reason why we are really being heard and 
respected. 
And of course, we are also fully cautious that when the evolution of new technologies, new 
markets, new dynamics which are emerging, are we really capable, and we are trying to really 
keep those skills with us, which we keep on refreshing as we move on so that we are really there 
as a company when we are required to be there. 
 
I would like to take you to the next slide, which is just probably sharing as to what your company 
has been winning. One, the first is the core, and I'm talking about Page Number 6, where we 
have actually put up 3 cases in water, power and grid and mobility segment, where, as I said, we 
have won the entire package for one of the large cities in West, followed by transformers again 
in West, which are long-duration contracts, which we have signed up. 
And third, of course, is in the water, and this is actually in Central India in MP, where we are 
trying to supply, again, transformers, which are intelligent and which are fed by the right set of 
oil. And I would take you another -- further ahead in terms of the successes which we have seen 
in data centers. 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 7 of 16 
 
General 
Again, in power and grid and in MMM, I'm talking about Page 7, where the success came in 
because we were seen as a technology provider or a shop which can give not only one set of 
equipment, but a bundled solution where each one of these things speak to each other and 
therefore, what the user gets is more advanced, more informative set of equipment by which he 
can make the operations run more seamlessly and more efficiently. 
And therefore, we have done -- we have supplied to a steel industry in West. We are actually 
supplying to a very established data center player in North, where we have supplied the air 
insulated panels and the secondary distribution panels along with -- and these equipment are 
fully sensorized, which are coming up with our subscription plan for accelerated resolution and 
support. 
 
And we have also supplied in North where it is a complete e-house, which has got the gas-based 
primary distribution. It has got 11 kV primary distribution again. And this is something which 
is coming out of motorized RIRO and this is important I would like to just share with you is this 
is a feature which we have made, which is nothing but when you are interfacing with the 
equipment. 
There are times it is spelled to make it more safer and secure is can we operate the equipment in 
terms of fiscal movement of the breakers without going and standing in the vicinity of the 
equipment, which is where people were looking for something which is motorized remote rack 
in and rack out of equipment, and this is what we have done. And this utility, which is 
progressive in nature, was, in fact, the one which came forward and said this is what we want 
and we delivered them the features which they were looking for. 
 
Further continuing, our areas in terms of what we have been talking about for what we have been 
known for is the area of sustainability. I talk about Page 8, where one is our smart inverter duty 
transformers, which we have supplied for a solar farm in, I would say, Rajasthan to a developer. 
Then we are also trying to -- we also supply another transformer, which was extremely intelligent 
in terms of all sets of base. And of course, it came up with a subscription model of support and 
service to a solar and wind developer. 
 
And the last, which we are very proud is the elements which we have started piloting and there 
are certain private DISCOMs which have started experimenting this, and there's a clear mindset 
change or shift there is in terms of how do these new technologies will make their operations 
more sustainable. And this is the first smart ring main unit, which we are supplying to utility in 
North. And when I say smart, the smartness is that it can do multi more things more 
automatically than a normal ring main unit. 
 
I will actually take you to the last slide before I hand over to Suparna, which actually speaks 
about the financial numbers is a -- is -- and I'm talking about Page 9, where I'm happy to say that 
we have upgraded our design at 33 kV, wherein we have come out with an upgraded version of 
breaker, which actually can handle up to 3,000 amperes at 33,000 volts. 
This was something which is -- which we were trying to work upon, and this is something which 
we have done for India, which we have -- came up with and we were successful in actually also 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 8 of 16 
 
General 
winning one order last quarter. But this is very important because it has got many, many features 
which usually market is looking for. It has got withdrawable breakers. It is tested with something 
which we call the internal arc, which is only towards the safety of operator. 
 
It is efficient because it is a roll-on floor design, really compact, fully digitalized with easy access 
in closed door to ensure safety of operating person, as I said, and fully added by -- like all of our 
products with QR code, which gives everything what is there inside. And of course, this is 
catering to the renewable market and also in the MMM segment. So this is a new addition in the 
basket. And happy to say that we have also concluded one order, which is large in a few 
hundreds, which is something being done. 
 
I'll pause here and may request to -- Suparna to take through financial performance with all of 
you. Over to you, Suparna. 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
Thank you, Udai, and good morning, everyone. Is my voice clear? 
Udai Singh: 
Yes. 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
Okay. So we are in Slide Number 11, Page Number 11, and I'm happy to share the strong 
momentum in orders that we picked up during this quarter. And also the financial results for the 
quarter. And we have a great number in terms of orders for this quarter. We clocked INR 910 
crores, which is 42.1% increase over the corresponding period of last year. Sales have been at 
INR 622 crores, which is close to 5% increase. 
Our gross margins are at INR 241 crores, which is slightly lower by 1.5% over last year. EBIT 
at INR 67 crores, which is also slightly lower than the corresponding period of last year by 2.5 
points. At the PAT level, we are at INR 41 crores 1.5% lower, but we have a very strong backlog, 
which is 25% higher than last year, the corresponding period and which ensures that whatever 
lag we have in terms of the sales, we will accelerate sales and catch up in the quarters to come. 
 
So overall, a strong order growth, which is very, very encouraging. We'll look at -- we have a 
steady sales growth. And as I said, we'll surely catch up in the months -- in the quarters to come. 
We had some spillovers and some project delays, which were not fully in our control. That is 
why it has been spilled to the next quarter. 
Also important to see that our future readiness in terms of the capacity expansion for which we 
took the capex approvals a few months back, they are all on track. And the future in terms of 
taking care of the market requirements is being fully protected. The strategic levers, if I talk of, 
we have accelerated the growth in the segments, and Udai has already talked. We have leveraged 
some emerging segments and of course, strengthened the resilient segments where we are market 
leaders from time to time. 
A lot of focus on services, the modernization, the digital services and the remote asset monitoring 
are the key features of the service-related solutions that we offer to our customers. And we have 
the transactional business, which is done mainly by our partners. We are promoting the partner 
business significantly because it is a quick turnaround in terms of -- as compared to the project 
business and -- so that we are right on track to achieve the sales target for the full year. 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 9 of 16 
 
General 
 
As we said that we have a good traction in orders with better product mix, and I'm on Page 
Number 12 now. The orders, good growth, good backlog, good profitability in terms of the 
orders that we have picked up, and we are in these days selective in terms of the orders. 
We are picking up very good orders in terms of the margin as well as the payment terms, etcetera, 
which is ensuring not only the growth in the business and the margins, but also the hygiene as 
far as the collections, etcetera, is concerned. Sales again at 4.8%, which is -- which as we are 
saying, is moderate. 
Now over to Page Number 13, which is the P&L. We -- as I said, we did sales growth of 4.8%. 
Overall, the total revenue growth has been 5.1%. Our material margin has been 38.8%, which is 
1.5 points lower. And the reason for this is the corresponding period of last year had some 
exceptional credits. Otherwise, we are pretty much in tune with the margins that we have -- we 
are expecting. 
As far as employee costs, which have grown by 11.8%, this is well in control. It has the inflation, 
the salary hikes as well as the additional expenses with respect to the headcount. And we also 
have the variable salary cost, which is predominantly the labour, etcetera, used in production 
because of the project or the long TAT of our business or the project business or the equipment, 
we need to spend today to have the sales and the inventory ready for the next quarter. 
 
So that is the employee cost component, which is pretty much in control. Very important to see 
that the other expenses have stabilized as compared to last year, where we were building on 
capabilities and other things within the organization. So almost 4.9% increase in the other 
expenses. EBITDA at 11.8%, lower by 2.4 points. 
Depreciation slight increase due to the increase in the asset base that we are investing time to 
time. EBIT at 10.7%, less than 2.5%. Finance costs lowered a little because of the optimization 
of the interest expenses, which is on the treasury bill. After that, we can come to the profit before 
tax. which is INR 56 crores, which is 9% as a percentage of sales, and we are lower by last -- 
from last year by about 2 points. 
Now coming to the PAT, we are at 6.6% of sales. Last year corresponding period, we were at 
8.2%, which is again 1.5% lower. However, as we said, we had a moderate growth in sales for 
this quarter, but we are sure that we should be able to optimize on all of this in the next quarter 
with the good orders and the good backlog that we have with us. Thank you very much. Over to 
Elara. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native Investment Managers. Hello, Mr. Naysar Parikh? 
Naysar Parikh: 
Yes, what I wanted to understand is that you spoke about a bunch of segments at the start. But 
can you just be a bit more specific and -- with regard to the kind of order wins that we've had 
this quarter, just talk a bit about where exactly are we seeing traction? And secondly, margin 
front, you said that we've kind of gone for orders where the margin is better. But this time -- this 
quarter, obviously, our margins have been lower. 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 10 of 16 
 
General 
Our gross margins are -- versus the average that we've been seeing have actually been trending 
lower. So how should we look at gross margins, especially for the remaining part of the year? 
Udai Singh: 
I'll start from -- thank you, first of all, and good morning. The orders -- the margin which you 
see is something which -- on the sale, which has happened. And the orders which you see are 
for the quarter which has been booked but not yet sold. Now this number, which you see a small 
drop is more of a time impact. It is not that. And whatever guidance we have actually taken 
internally for the full year, we are confident that we'll be delivering that margin and profitability 
for the full year. 
Now this was to your question number two. And question number one is essentially, you were 
asking, if I'm not wrong, about these 4 segments, which I did speak about sometime earlier on 
as to how do we see ourselves getting positioned and how -- what sort of traction will these 
segments give us. Now what we are trying to tell you by that is that how is your company getting 
prepared for what is seen and anticipated by us in India in coming years and times. 
Now the business as usual, which have continued will continue, but it is a step towards getting 
ourselves future ready in terms of being there ahead of our peers like the way we are till now 
and the coming new evolving India as well. That was the only thing -- only intent and purpose 
which we were trying to share with all of you. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Right. Understood. My question was if you could give some kind of your split between your -- 
the order inflow for the quarter, what segments between data center transmission, etcetera, how 
-- what segments are driving it? If you can give that mix, that would be helpful? 
Udai Singh: 
That mix can be given later by Suparna. But typically, in a quarter, you really can't figure out on 
a quarter performance in terms of segment split and nuances because typically, what we see a 
larger duration, which actually rolls up to at least 2 quarters is something to get you a sense in 
terms of whether -- which segment is accelerating and which segment is actually more flattish. 
But this Q1 split, Suparna, if you have, you can share. Otherwise, we can get in touch with them 
later, maybe perhaps. 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
I'll just add here. See, Power and Grid is our bread-and-butter business, and that contributes to 
40% to 45%. Regarding the other segments, it all depends on what kind of investments are 
coming and what kind of -- which orders we take, and it is not a very standard mix all the time. 
So we would refrain from commenting on that. But yes, Power and Grid is a 40% to 45% 
contributor to our overall business at all -- almost at all times. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Right. And how much would data center be last -- this quarter? 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
See, data centers, the investments come up, like one big investment comes up at one point of 
time and then it is a little lull for some time. So we cannot really comment on that because there 
is no established trend as such in our numbers or even in the industry for that matter, I would 
say. 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 11 of 16 
 
General 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. No, I was trying to understand because the order wins, obviously, we've seen strong 
growth. So I was trying to understand from where is -- I understand the 45% of Power and Grid, 
where is the growth? What is driving that growth and acceleration? 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
Mainly Power and Grid and related energy sector. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Understood. Okay. And for this year order, in the H2, what is -- what would be your outlook on 
growth and margins? You don't need to give numbers as such per se, but just directionally, do 
you think H2 is looking better than H1 just where you stand both from order inflow and maybe 
margins as well? 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
So currently, we'll be completing H1 with the next quarter. And honestly, I need not say, but the 
orders itself and the backlog that we have, they are strong indicators that we shall have better 
numbers in the quarters to come. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, in the presentation, we have mentioned, I mean, for this quarter, our sales growth was muted. 
So we have mentioned that the moderate growth on account of spillovers and project delays. Sir, 
what -- is it possible to elaborate this, sir? 
Udai Singh: 
See, 5% growth is what we have witnessed in this quarter, which is perhaps because of one main 
reason that there are certain projects which got shifted into Q2. And really, if you ask me not a 
matter of concern because we are talking for larger periods and what gets flips gets consumed 
and cannibalized in the subsequent quarters. 
So on overall, as I had said before, we are staying with the guidance which we have taken for 
the full year and which is also evident from the strong 26% growth in order backlog, which we 
have bagged. So other than that, I mean, nothing to be very particular. In the project business, 
quarters doesn't really matter much because we talk about larger durations. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
So whatever the spillovers and project delays, those will be captured in Q2 and Q3? 
Udai Singh: 
Yes. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
And sir, quarterly, I mean, the order inflow is very, very strong. I mean this is the best in last 8, 
9 quarters, sir. So is the momentum will be continue going forward next 2, 3 quarters? 
Udai Singh: 
If you see the data, and this is not specific to your company, but the data typically indicates a 
decline because if you see all the data, which typically are the financial indicators, if you really 
ask me, like the GDP is strong. We actually have -- if you remember, last -- Q4 of last year, we 
hit -- the GDP was upwards of 9%, okay? 
Where the entire last year, we were 7.1%. We fell to about 6.5%. The guidance of IMF recent is 
6.4%. The industrial, the IIP is another indicator which we speak of, which is actually sort of, I 
would say, on a decline. The GFCF, another indicator also for this quarter has not been great. 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 12 of 16 
 
General 
 
So in other words, nothing to greatly worry about. But in my opinion, as I look on a personal 
level, it's something which we are sort of stabilizing and not to be too much concerned about the 
recent announcement -- geopolitical announcements, which has been happening. These are a few 
abrasions, which eventually will get settled out, I'm sure. 
And overall, not as bad. It's not as big. We are returning back to the normal set of operations like 
what we had. In fact, the abrasion, I would call will be the COVID era started '20, very lull in 
'20, picked up greatly in '21, parts of '22. And now post that in '23, '24, we are sort of stabilizing. 
So we will get stabilized. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
And just the last question. I mean, given what we heard from the tariff from U.S. on India, so 
there won't be any direct or indirect impact as such for us, major impact? 
Udai Singh: 
No. No, not for us as to best of our knowledge. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Singh from Systematix. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Sir, any guidance that you would like to give for FY '26 in terms of revenue growth, margin and 
order inflow? 
Udai Singh: 
I would request Suparna to take this if she can. 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
Well, thank you for your question. But as I said that while we do not give any guidance on the 
numbers that we'll be doing for the future, but it is important for you to see that the orders which 
have been picked up, they will be executed with complete focus in the months to come. And we 
are -- we just hope that -- I mean, it should be good in terms of the future because anyways, we 
had a muted Q1. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
So my question was based on your understanding that in Q1, and you can correct me if I'm 
wrong, we have grown at around 5% in terms of revenue. And if I look at the -- look at some of 
the peers, in fact, the entire industry, the growth seems to be more than this. So -- and one of the 
reasons that you mentioned is that there were some project delays on the customer level. So apart 
from that, is there any other challenge that we are facing in terms of labor, in terms of a market 
share loss, something like that, that you would like to comment on? 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
No. See, sales, a little moderate growth in sales doesn't really give the indication that there is 
loss of orders or there is a loss of market share. It is just that it has been deferred from this quarter 
to that quarter in our case specifically. Talking of any other challenges like labor, etcetera, 
thankfully, we do not see any such challenges. So our order execution is quite focused and quite 
-- we are optimistic in terms of the order execution in the quarters to come for the orders which 
we have picked up. So no challenge. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Also in terms of the order book, what is the mix between, I mean, the private clients and the 
government clients, PSUs, etcetera? 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 13 of 16 
 
General 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
So mainly the PNG segment is, I would say, the government or the partnership. So I would -- so 
that 40%, 45% predominantly pertains to the government. The rest kind of comes from private. 
Udai, if you would like to add to this? 
Udai Singh: 
No, I think Suparna, you have actually shared it. I was just trying to tell Mr. Abhishek that, when 
you really compare, it is very hard to find in an industry, which is exactly the set of -- and the 
scheme of things which we are. Now results have been mixed. And I'm sure we have healthy 
double-digit growth in certain companies, which are from the peer side, not exactly the people 
who have goals for the quarter, which is lesser than even 5. 
So I would not like to comment upon the rest. But what I'm saying quarter performance 
essentially is 3 months performance. And as I had said before, we stay confident that the 
guidance which we have taken internally for the full year FY '26, we would be in a position to 
deliver it, and that is evident from the order backlog, which we have now created, which is sitting 
at about INR 1635 crores 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Right, sir. So lastly, in terms of... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Abhijeet, may we request you to join the question queue for your follow-
up questions. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman Parmar from Niveshaay Investments. 
Naman Parmar: 
Firstly, I wanted to understand how is the capex progressing and when it will be getting live, in 
which quarter in FY '27? 
Udai Singh: 
I can give you one answer, which perhaps will summarize it all. We is all moving -- all the 
projects, and there are many full, I would not be in a position to tell you each one of them. But 
just on a summary note, everything is actually moving as per the plan, and we have actually been 
taking the right set of actions to deliver the internal execution cycle and execution plan, which 
we had thought of. So all is moving on track. 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay. And secondly, on the industry side, so don't you think that a lot of players have increased 
their capacity? And given that there is a very big demand from the renewable and data centers 
and all that, but don't you think there is a very competitive pressures on the various equipment 
and that's why the margin has been impacted? Or what's the take on the industry outlook? 
Udai Singh: 
No. So because we follow our strategy, we -- and you're right, there are multiple manufacturers 
who actually have been expanding capacities. We are the ones who actually are niching 
ourselves out as one of the technology players with whom our customer engages and is happy 
to connect and transact with us because of the features and the usefulness and the reduction in 
the total cost of ownership, which we bring to them. 
And therefore, we are not running after volumes. We are running after technology, and we are 
also trying to see as to how we really can create a differentiation, as I had said, in terms of those 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 14 of 16 
 
General 
set of customers. And whatever capacities are needed, we already have started working on it and 
maybe INR 200-plus crores is what we have planned. And this is besides what we started in -- a 
couple of years ago, which was another about INR130 crores. 
So that's something which we are trying to do. And we are not eating anybody who's actually 
trying to enhance and put up manufacturing capacities. We are pretty strategic in nature and 
trying to invest and enhance capacities wherever it is needed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jayesh Shah from OHM Portfolio. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Sir, you have been saying that you would maintain your guidance. So for the benefit of us, can 
you exactly tell us what is the guidance that you have been saying that you would maintain? 
Udai Singh: 
I'm afraid Jayeshji, it may not be perhaps possible to share the guidance, but it will be something 
which Suparna would like to add if there is anything which you can talk about, but I guess, no. 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
Yes, I'll certainly add. When we say guidance, it is the internal targets, etcetera, which we have 
with us. And of course, because as an organization, as Schneider Electric in India, we are all 
poised for growth in terms of the revenues, in terms of the margin, in terms of the working 
capital efficiency. I can only say that we are chasing those targets internally. And please be rest 
assured. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Okay. Just to understand better, and I'm not asking for any numbers. If I look at the first quarter, 
what is effectively the capacity utilization? And what is the peak level of revenues we can 
achieve based on the current capacity and after the capex that is going on without giving the time 
frame. So I'm just looking at a theoretical capacity here if possible. And company is operating 
at what capacity utilization right now to have this kind of turnover of INR 400 crores -- sorry, 
INR 600 crores. 
Udai Singh: 
I can take that question, Jayeshji. If I would like to tell you, we are operating at optimal level. 
And the second question is -- second question, if I recall right, was when -- as and when the 
capex comes up, we are gearing to building up those capex and those capacities, which is 
assumed with which we will be operating at optimum level. 
Jayesh Shah: 
I see. Can you quantify what is the optimal... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Jayesh, may we request you to join the queue? 
Jayesh Shah: 
No, it's the same question for clarification. So, yes. Yes. Can you quantify when you say the 
optimum or desired level from where you are, is it 2x, 3x over period once your capex gets 
commissioned and subject to you getting orders. So I'm not committing you or holding you to 
it, but just want to understand at a theoretical level as to what is the asset turn that would really 
be there? And what's the theoretical peak capacity sales? 
Udai Singh: 
It would be -- Jayeshji, it's a nice question, but we have actually declared this in our SEBI 
notifications because there are multiple lines which are being expanded. We have actually said 
as to where we are and how much we have added. So I think maybe perhaps if I may request 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 15 of 16 
 
General 
you to have a note or we can separately reach out to you in terms of really telling you as to which 
areas are we expanding and to what times, 1x, 2x, 4x. 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
Yes, I'd just like to add to this. The capacity expansion is in different lines and would come up 
at different points of time. Currently, we are in the 85%, 90% capacity utilization. But then I 
always say that even if we are at that level of capacity utilization, it's not that we will not be able 
to accommodate another 10%, 15% of business and we grow full capacity because during 
operations in a plant, it so happens that sometimes with some extra shift, with some small... 
Jayesh Shah: 
Yes, with some debottlenecking. Yes. 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
Etcetera we are able to generate some additional -- marginally additional volume also. So there's 
nothing which -- right now from our capacity utilization point, there's no bottleneck. And in any 
case, the lines will be ready in different points of time. So right now, difficult to say and that is 
also -- what will be the asset turnover, that's also difficult to say at the moment. 
Jayesh Shah: 
But over 3 years, can we look at something like doubling or tripling the theoretical level of 
operations? 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
Sorry, we can't comment on that. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Okay, I'll reach out to you separately. 
Suparna Bhattacharyya: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anoop Vyod from Hedge Equities. 
Anoop Vyod: 
I would like to know, as you have already said, you have been focusing on the good orders with 
good margin and quality payment. So by what time we can expect the improvement in margin? 
Can I get an idea about that? 
Udai Singh: 
See, primarily, what we are trying to see and explore and really work on those set of parties with 
which we are guaranteed for payments. And of course, where we get an opportunity to showcase 
some technological advantage which we bring to the market. And three, if it is strategic in nature 
to really showcase the technology, which is aligned to India needs. 
Now the margin is always a mix, as you will appreciate, is which line are you making? What is 
the product mix? How much are services? How much is transactional? How much is equipment? 
How much are projects. And therefore, it is very difficult to comment because quarter-on-
quarter, at times, these components and these constituents changes. 
But on an overall thing, we -- when I said we are chasing the right orders, I meant these 
qualifying criteria. And two is we are always looking for a right product mix so that we are able 
to sustain and keep definitive growth in the margins, which we have been previously delivering 
on that level. 
Anoop Vyod: 
Okay. Yes. And is there any cadence on the capex going forward? 

 
 
 
 
Schneider Electric Infrastructure Limited 
 
August 08, 2025 
Page 16 of 16 
 
General 
Udai Singh: 
Yes, we have announced to SEBI. It's actually been released and is available on the site. We can 
separately reach out to you if you so need. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit 
Kapadia for his closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thanks, Shruti. We would like to thank the management of Schneider Electric Infrastructure for 
giving us an opportunity to host this call. We also would like to thank all investors and analysts 
for joining for this call. Any closing remarks, Udai sir, you want to share with investors? 
Udai Singh: 
No, I just would like to thank all of you and really having faith in us, having us move where we 
have reached till now, I can assure that the management has been taking all efforts to really drive 
this business. And have a great day. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Elara Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
