 
 
August 6, 2025 
 
 
The Manager, 
 
 
 
 
             The Manager, 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Dalal Street, 
 
 
 
 
 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500413  
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: THOMASCOOK 
Fax No.: 2272 2037/39/41/61 
 
 
 
Fax No.: 2659 8237/38 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
  
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst and Investor Earnings Conference Call 
 
In furtherance of our intimations dated July 15, 2025, July 30, 2025 and August 1, 2025 giving intimations for the Q1 & FY26 
Earning Conference Call for the Analysts and Investors and pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please note that the transcript of the Earnings Conference 
Call held on August 1, 2025 has been uploaded on the website of the Company within the prescribed timeline and can be 
accessed on the following web link: 
 
https://resources.thomascook.in/downloads/Q1_FY26_Earnings_Call_transcript_06082025.pdf   
 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thank you.  
   
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Thomas Cook (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Amit J. Parekh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
  
 
Encl: a/a  
 
 
 
 
 
AMIT 
JYOTINDRA 
PAREKH
Digitally signed by AMIT 
JYOTINDRA PAREKH 
Date: 2025.08.06 
18:55:50 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Thomas Cook (India) Limited: 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call – August 1, 2025 
Management: 
Mr. Mahesh Iyer: Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer – Thomas Cook (India) Limited 
Mr. Debasis Nandy: President and Group Chief Financial Officer – Thomas Cook (India) Limited 
Mr. Brijesh Modi: Chief Financial Officer – Thomas Cook (India) Limited 
Mr. Vikram Lalvani: Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer – Sterling Holidays Resorts 
Mr. Krishna Kumar: Chief Financial Officer – Sterling Holidays Resorts 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Thomas Cook (India) Limited Q1 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Systematix Shares & Stocks. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chetan Mahadik from Systematix. Thank you, and over to 
you, Mr. Mahadik. 
Chetan Mahadik: Thank you, Shruthi. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Thomas 
Cook (India) Limited's Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. From the company, we have with us Mr. 
Mahesh Iyer, Managing Director and CEO; and the senior management team. We would like to begin 
the call with brief opening remarks from the management, following which we will have the forum 
open for an interactive Q&A session. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Mahesh Iyer to make the initial remarks. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Mahesh Iyer: Thank you, Chetan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we 
discuss the Q1 FY '26 financial and operating performance. Before I begin, I would like to introduce 
my management team who is joining the call with me today. With me in the room, I have Debasis 
Nandy, who is the Group CFO for the Thomas Cook (India) Group; I've got Vikram Lalvani, Managing 
Director and CEO of Sterling Holiday Resorts; Brijesh Modi, CFO at Thomas Cook (India) Limited; and 
Urvashi Butani, who you already know, manages Investor Relationships. Before I talk about the 
operating results, I just wanted to give you a little background to the quarter that went by. 

 
 
 
 
The period April to June quarter marked one of the most volatile periods for the travel and tourism 
industry since the COVID era, shaped by a convergence of global and domestic disruptions. On the 
domestic front, traveler sentiment was adversely impacted by the tragic incident in Pahalgam and 
the ensuing cross-border tensions. 
The unfortunate aviation mishap in mid-June further tested this already fragile sentiment. The 
combined effect led to some cancellations and deferment. Internationally, the escalation of the Iran-
Israel conflict disrupted civil aviation routes and fuel supply chains. 
This was further compounded by persistent global trade tensions. This period typically represents a 
strong season for both our outbound and domestic travel. While April saw a strong start in-line with 
our expectation, the unfolding of disruptions led to a moderation in our growth momentum across 
May and June, and I will give you more details of the same when I cover the travel segment. 
That said, I'm pleased to report that the resilience and the depth of our diversified portfolio has 
enabled us to deliver a consolidated top line of INR24,530 million, reflecting a healthy 15% growth 
over the same quarter last year despite the challenging environment. On the profitability front, our 
profit before tax, excluding a one-time ex gratia payment of INR171 million stood at INR1,284 
million, marking an 18% increase over the same quarter last year. 
Notably, our PBT margins improved year-on-year from 5.1% to 5.2%, driven by continued 
operational efficiency. Before we get into the details of the results, I want to highlight CRISIL recently 
upgraded our rating to AA. This is the highest in India's travel and tourism sector, and it's a clear 
reaffirmation of the group's leadership in the travel segment and strong parental support from 
Fairfax. 
As a part of our digital transformation journey, we continue to harness the power of AI and 
conversational interfaces to enhance customer experience and drive operational efficiency across 
our core business segments. In the leisure travel segment, we have introduced Tacy for TCIL and Ezy 
for SOTC, our AI-powered assistant that provide real-time support, personalized recommendation 
and seamless planning, empowering customers with intuitive on travel assistance. 
For corporate travel, our GenAI advisor, Dhruv, simplifies complex travel requirements, offering 
intelligent itineraries, policy aligned bookings and insightful reporting, driving both convenience and 
compliance for our customers. In the foreign exchange space, we extend our service delivery 

 
 
 
 
through WhatsApp calling, bringing our offerings directly to customer preferred platforms, ensuring 
ease, accessibility and speed for everyday forex needs. 
I will also -- I'm also happy to inform that our prepaid card is the first in India, which is now integrated 
with Google Pay along with Visa, allowing customers to add our prepaid card onto their Google 
wallet and use it seamlessly while overseas on an NFC-enabled platform. Together with these 
innovations, we reflect our commitment to leveraging emerging technologies to deliver smarter, 
faster and more personalized customer journey across our portfolio. 
Moving on to the segmental performance. I'll begin with the financial services. The financial services 
segment reported revenues of INR842 million for Q1 FY 2026, reflecting a 7% decline Y-o-Y. 
However, on a sequential basis, the segment registered a 7% improvement. Unlike the travel 
segment where early bookings offered some insulation from last-minute disruption, the forex being 
more like a last-minute transaction driven felt a sharper impact. Many travelers chose to defer or 
cancel their plans altogether due to the unfolding geopolitical events that directly impacted our 
forex demand. 
The year-on-year contraction was driven by a combination of macro and segment-specific 
challenges, and I'll highlight some of them in the subsequent paragraphs. The first one was the 
geopolitical environment that created uncertainty with regional -- with heightened regional 
tensions impacting travel-related forex flows. 
We also had a lower Hajj travel during the period. As you will recollect that last year same time, we 
had large movement on Hajj that happened, this time, given the Middle East tensions that we had, 
the movement around the Hajj was comparatively lower. In addition to that, education segment 
and the recent RBI data that was published for the period April to May represent a 25% decline. 
However, our portfolio continued to grow, albeit at a very slow pace . So we saw the impact of the 
student segment in the current quarter too. Other area -- one other area that kind of dampened our 
performance is our exit from Delhi Airport. It is something we've been speaking about for some 
time. We made a conscious decision not to renew our contract with Delhi Airport as it didn't make 
great commercial sense for us. 
So from a comparison point of view, strictly in the current quarter, we have only 45 days of trading 
for Delhi Airport as compared to 90 days that we had in the comparable quarter last year. On the 

 
 
 
 
EBIT front, the impact was a little more pronounced for us as each transaction declined affected our 
earnings. This is particularly more relevant for the prepaid card segment where we get volume-
based incentives. And considering the lower demand that we saw in the current quarter, we thought 
it was prudent for us to look at our revenues at the lower slab, and we will adjust the slabs as we 
see volumes coming back. 
Despite these headwinds, it is encouraging to note that our EBIT margin continued to remain strong. 
The business operating performance is resilient and our EBIT margins are at 44%, underscoring the 
strength of our efficiency and the underlying business model. From a transaction count perspective, 
despite the absence of Delhi Airport transaction counts, our retail transaction volume grew by about 
3% and our total volume grew by about 4% to the comparable quarter last year.  
On the prepaid card load side, we had a double-digit degrowth,  12% degrowth on the prepaid card 
volume. And as I said, this is a combination of various factors that I just mentioned above. From a 
digital adoption perspective, our foreign exchange business continues to be at about 20.4% of 
transactions are done digitally, and we continue to see our trajectory going up. 
Our app bookings are up 3x year-on-year. And on WhatsApp, our transaction volumes are up 7x on 
a year-on-year comparison basis. Moving on to the travel and travel-related segments. The travel 
and travel-related segments grew by 18% Y-o-Y in Q1 FY '26 with strong contributions from both the 
B2B and B2C segment. Let me take you back to November when we launched our Europe holidays, 
November of 2024, when we launched our European holidays for the summer of 2025. 
By late March and into April of 2025, we were witnessing strong forward booking momentum with 
outbound and domestic travel trending at about 24% to 25% over previous year. However, the series 
of external events that I mentioned before impacted our forward booking and our booking curve 
tapered as we progress between May and June. Outbound bookings began trending closer to mid-
teens growth, while domestic travel reflected a negative forward booking growth trajectory. 
Despite these challenges, our income from operations grew by 18% and our EBIT grew by 25%. Our 
EBIT margins improved from 3.9% to 4.1%, displaying our strong resilience from the forward booking 
that we saw and the diversified portfolio across the DMS Group and the various geographies that 
we operate in. 

 
 
 
 
From a product mix perspective, domestic business was a little subdued during the current quarter, 
as I mentioned about the domestic disruptions that we had, but our international business actually 
grew by about 19% in the same quarter. The mix of B2B and B2C remains at 40% to 60%, 40% of the 
business is B2C and 60% of the business is B2B. And across those segments of DMS as well as MICE 
and corporate travel, we witnessed growth. 
From a leisure travel segment perspective, given the uncertain environment, we also launched a 
comprehensive travel safety program just to get the confidence of the customer back into making 
that decision to travel. The product is called TravSure, which offers customers peace of mind and 
enhanced protection to their journey. 
The program includes free rescheduling, cancellation in emergencies, additional trip protection and 
24/7 customer service. With TravSure, travelers can confidently navigate uncertainties, knowing 
that their plans are safeguarded with responsive and reliable assistance every step of the way. 
Thomas Cook and SOTC also undertook a survey, and we published our India Holiday Report 2025. 
Some of the key highlights that we saw out of that survey was, Indian travelers continue to show 
strong preference to guided tours with demand fairly evenly spread across 3 categories. The survey 
revealed that 35% of our respondents prefer group escorted tours, followed by 33% opting for 
customized private tours and 32% choosing semi-guided holidays. 
And essentially, it means that two-third of our customer base are still looking forward to, in some 
shape or form, guided tours, and that's a strong reflection of the business model that we operate 
in. One of the other highlights that came out of the report that Europe continues to be one of the 
top international travel preference for Indians with 50% of our respondents selecting it as their most 
desired holiday region. 
Its enduring appeal stems from a combination of rich cultural heritage, scenic beauty, iconic 
landmarks and multi-country itineraries that cater to families, couples and solo explorers alike. 
Southeast Asia continues to be one of the most dominant for the short-haul segment with Thailand, 
46%; Singapore, 37%; and Malaysia, 32% ranking high on the travelers' radar. The region benefits 
from proximity, competitive pricing, easy visa and a variety of experiences from beaches to nightlife 
to shopping and adventure for the Indian market. 

 
 
 
 
Southeast Asia offers a perfect blend of convenience and excitement, making it a key focus for the 
travel planners looking to cater to evolving preferences in 2025. From the B2B business segment 
point of view, corporate travel had the impact coming from the uncertainty around tariffs. The IT 
and ITES segment continues to be the largest contributor in our corporate travel business, and we 
saw some softness as far as volume is concerned because of the uncertainty around the large market 
like US and Canada. Having said so, our volumes continue to grow. 
We had a modest growth of about 2% in terms of volume on our corporate travel business. We 
continue our journey on implementing technology. I'm happy to report that Thomas Cook is 
currently testing our in-house built travel solution for our customers called Travel One, integrated 
with AI, which is Dhruv, which essentially will allow customers to seamlessly manage their travel 
bookings. This also ensures that over a period of time, we will be able to move a lot of customers to 
self-serve and reducing the need for having a lot of people or touched to a transaction. On the 
meetings and incentives business, we continue to grow despite the challenging environment.  I think 
the same benefit that we got on our B2C, our B2B business also had a strong forward booking 
pipeline before the global headwinds affected our business. The business volumes overall grew by 
about 12% in the current quarter with no government bookings that happened during the current 
quarter. We managed about close to 300 groups ranging from 50-1,000 delegates traveling across 
Europe, Austria, Spain, Australia, UK, UAE and many other markets. 
Thomas Cook also managed 120 delegates for the International Solar Alliance, the Regional 
Committee Program in Sri Lanka, facilitating bilateral meetings with various Asia Pacific ministries. 
The MICE in-house Tour app, which is what we are building has gone live, which allows customers 
to get access to their information, real-time updates and also allows our tour partners or tour 
managers to seamlessly keep conversing with the customer. 
With this update, I'd like to now hand over to Debasis, who will talk to you all about our DMS 
operations and DEI. 
Debasis Nandy: Thank you, Mahesh. I'll now take you through the DMS business first and then 
followed by DEI. The DMS business, as you know, is split into the DMS India, which is represented 
by a company called Travel Corporation and DMS International. The business is essentially seasonal 
and for the India business– April to June was a lean quarter.  

 
 
 
 
So it contributed to about 8% of the DMS business and the International, obviously, 92%. However, 
even in a lean quarter, the India business turnover grew by 36% year-on-year and reached INR 597 
million of turnover. It is interesting to note that it has touched exactly the business that we did in 
FY '20, that is the year before the pandemic. So the India business has definitely surpassed the pre-
pandemic levels. As far as the International business is concerned, it's done even better. It has grown 
by 28%. They reached a volume of INR722 crores, which is 1.8x higher than what it was pre-
pandemic. Just to give you some color on the International DMS business. There are 5 entities here 
spread across Asia, Southeast and Middle East Asia, the USA., Africa and Australia. Asian Trails, 
which does the business in Southeast Asia and Australia contributes 40% of the business. 
Desert Adventures, which does the business in Middle East contributes of 27%. Allied TPro, the unit 
in USA contributes 26%. So these are the 3 large ones contribute 93% of the total. The balance 7% 
is contributed by two entities in Africa. The South African entity, Private Safaris South Africa 
contributes about 5% and the Kenyan entity called Private Safaris East Africa contributes to about 
2%. 
As I said, overall sales grew by 29%, and this is primarily driven by the three large units. Asian sales 
reported a robust growth of 42% year-on-year. The countries which did very well are Thailand, 
Cambodia, Vietnam and China. In US, the Allied TPro unit reported a growth of about 31% over last 
year, largely driven by a significant contribution from the MICE segment. 
And, of course, there are higher volumes in the FIT segment as well. Desert Adventures, the unit in 
the Middle East, in spite of facing severe geopolitical issues, they held sales steady. There's actually 
a 7% improvement over last year. As you also know that this is not the season for the Middle East. 
This is the summer season, and therefore, the sales are anyway muted. 
Private Safaris in South Africa did very well. They reported a 19% year-on-year growth, driven by 
upselling initiatives, both in South Africa as well as in Namibia. East Africa is in recovery mode from 
last year. It has reached full recovery. And in fact, it was ahead of pandemic, but we lost one of our 
large customers, FTI due to insolvency sometime last year. 
And the business is trying to rebuild by onboarding new customers in order to drive future growth. 
I will now move to DEI, the Digital Imaging Solutions. This is a business which is, as you know, 
headquartered in the Middle East and 45% of the business comes from the UAE and the surrounding 

 
 
 
 
areas. And therefore, Q1 is not a peak period for the Imaging business. However, happy to report 
that the revenues held steady at INR210 crores. 
It's marginally up by 1% over last year, driven by improvement in UAE, positive contribution from 
regions of Indonesia and Macau, where we added some new accounts. Our renewal rates remain 
strong. Seven key partnerships were renewed during the quarter, primarily UAE and Singapore. We 
also operationalized 2 of our new partnerships in China and India and signed 5 new ones across the 
UAE, Maldives, Hong Kong and Malaysia. At the same time, we are also closely evaluating sites which 
are less profitable. 
And wherever we need to, we are exiting. We continue to maintain a sharp focus on profitability 
and operational efficiency. This is visible in the sharp increase in EBIT. There's a 61% growth, as you 
can see in the segment results in spite of the revenues being stable. Our EBIT margin has improved 
substantially from 3.2% last year to 5.1% this year, indicating the benefits of cost efficiencies and 
productivity led by the usage of technology. 
With this, I'll hand over to Vikram for an overview of the leisure hospitality segment. Over to you, 
Vikram. 
Vikram Lalvani: Thanks, Nandy. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Vikram Lalvani. 
I'm the Managing Director and the CEO of Sterling Holiday Resorts Limited. I'm joined by my 
colleague, L. Krishna Kumar, who is our Chief Financial Officer. We are both based in Chennai. Thank 
you so much for joining us today as we present the Q1 Sterling performance of FY '26. We are 
pleased to share that Sterling has delivered actually its best ever Q1 performance this year, setting 
a robust foundation for FY '26. This also marks our 21st consecutive profitable quarter, and it 
signifies the growing strength of Sterling brand in India's hospitality space. 
So with this, we can clearly state that our transformation is complete, and now we are in a phase of 
growth. We have successfully in Q1, capitalized on the tailwinds in Q1, a period where generally, 
the fundamentals of leisure travel is strong due to the holiday season. Having said that, in Q1, we 
also witnessed some temporary headwinds. 
The Operation Sindoor did affect business in our Northern resorts. We had actually 3 of our resorts 
that were affected, which is Jaisalmer, Amritsar and Mount Abu, especially those in Rajasthan and 

 
 
 
 
it affected business in Rajasthan, Himachal and Uttarakhand, which amounts to approximately 900 
rooms or 19 resorts, which is almost 33% of our inventory. 
This impact fortunately lasted for only about 2 weeks during this peak season. However, the 
strength of our portfolio across the rest of the country in the South, West and East helped offset 
this opportunity loss, resulting in a strong performance this quarter. A few pointers on the 
performance highlights for Q1. 
Our total revenue for Q1 stood at INR1,357 million, 8% growth over Q1 FY '25, driven by a strong 
growth in both room and food and beverage incomes. The EBITDA grew 25% year-on-year to INR528 
million, with a healthy EBITDA margin of 38.9%, up from 33.6% in Q1FY25, which makes it one of 
the best quarters that we've had. 
We continue to remain a debt-free company, and our cash reserves have crossed more than 
INR3,000 million as we speak today. Our free cash flow generated during the quarter is a little over 
INR300 million. Our room revenue grew 11%. Our food and beverage revenues grew 16%, and this 
is despite a 21% increase in the available inventory. 
Our average rates also stood at close to INR7,100, reflecting strong pricing strength and positioning 
and the evolving positioning of Sterling in the upscale leisure segment. A little more details on some 
of the operational highlights. Our guest nights grew by 12%. 
The occupancy stood at 62% with an increased supply of nearly 50,000 room nights this quarter or 
approximately 540 rooms per day quarter-over-quarter. Having said that, we do have headrooms 
more in occupancy, and that will put Sterling in a position where we can actually grow further as we 
keep scaling the company. 
We also added two new resorts, one in Rudraprayag and the other in outer Lansdowne. This is in 
line with the fact that Sterling has, over the last couple of years, created new destinations, and we 
will continue to do so, thus having a first-mover advantage in this whole aspect of it. Our total 
network now is close to 3,300 rooms. 
In our partnered and managed resorts, we earned nearly 10% of the revenue generated during the 
quarter and amounts to almost 20% of the EBITDA, underscoring the strength of our operations in 

 
 
 
 
the capital-free segment of resorts. Little on the customer experience and the brand, we continue 
to be recognized as a preferred brand, predominantly in the leisure hospitality space. 
30 resorts received TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice Awards with one of the resorts being top 10% 
globally and one of the resorts being the ‘Best of the Best’ for the third consecutive year that is top 
1% globally amongst 8 million listings. Our average TripAdvisor ratings improved with 36 resorts 
now rated over 4.5 stars on 5 and 16 resorts of ours now rated 5 stars on 5. 
Our Net Promoter Score touched a new high of 81% with 40% of our resorts now scoring over 80%, 
a clear reflection of guest delight and consistent service delivery. This becomes important because 
as we keep scaling the company, we are also completely focused on the quality metrics at the 
resorts. A little bit about sustainability and community impact under our ESG initiative, Sterling 
Sankalp, we continue to embed sustainability and social responsibility into our operations. 
Heat pumps and solar installations are being installed in many of our hill resorts as we speak. Plastic 
bottled water has been replaced by in-house bottling plants at multiple properties, and we have a 
plan to actually ramp that up in more properties as well. 
Our partnership with Fairfax India Charitable Foundation has enabled the installation of dialysis 
machines across seven hospitals, furthering our social impact footprint. A little bit on the portfolio 
part. Last year, we grew our inventory by 22%, one of the highest in the industry. 
We strengthened our presence in key markets like Rajasthan, Uttarakhand and in key segments like 
wildlife. Looking ahead, we have over 20 resorts in the pipeline that's good schedule to open 
between -- in the next 3 to 4 quarters, and they are predominantly on an asset-light model. We also 
continue to optimize our own assets through incremental investments in our own resorts. 
We sweat our own resorts by incrementally adding additional rooms. Within our existing portfolio, 
we have 5 to 6 resorts at the intersection of business and leisure in Tier 2 and Tier 3 towns, and we 
have seen this model succeed. 
While our focus on the leisure segment continues, we are also looking to expand in the business-
cum-leisure segments across Tier 2 and Tier 3 towns. In short, we -- with a strong quarter in the start 
of the year, driven by robust fundamentals around domestic travel demand, we are generally 

 
 
 
 
optimistic about FY '26. The strong base built over the last 3 to 4 years positions us well now for 
continued growth. 
We remain cautiously optimistic about Q2, traditionally the lowest quarter for the leisure travel due 
to muted demand. This is precisely why we are consciously reshaping our portfolio mix by 
introducing more leisure-cum-business hotels, leveraging the transferability of our customers from 
leisure into business travel as well. 
You may recall that while Q1 has historically been our strongest quarter due to the concerted efforts 
of the evolving portfolio mix, Q3 emerged as our best-performing quarter last year. We expect a 
similar trend this year as well. And hence, we're looking that H2 will be far better than H1, and we 
are confident of closing FY '26 also on a strong note. Thank you so much for your continued support, 
and thank you so much. 
Urvashi Butani: Please go ahead with the Q&A. 
Moderator: The first question is from the line of Chetan Mahadik from Systematix. 
Chetan Mahadik: Congratulations on a healthy set of numbers. So my first question is on Sterling. 
So Sterling has rapidly expanded its resort footprint to around 62 resorts with plans to, say, add 
more 14 to 15 more in FY '26. What are the specific long-term average occupancy and ARR targets 
for Sterling once these new resorts mature? 
Vikram Lalvani: This is Vikram Lalvani here. So typically, when we add resorts and especially if it's in 
the leisure space, it would take at least about 1 or 2 quarters to completely ramp. As I said that 
we've actually increased our inventory by almost 50,000 room nights quarter-over-quarter. And 
with that also, we have a 62% occupancy, which actually -- that means we have actually grown our 
occupancies by almost -- in terms of room nights by almost 19% to 21%. But because of the growth 
in supply, it's looking at 62%. 
So typically, as I mentioned even in the past, at a steady state for leisure across the year, anything 
between 65% to 68% is actually an ideal occupancy to maintain. Having said that, I've also called out 
that we do have scope to up the occupancies as we keep going up. The average rates will range in 
the -- if we are at a peak season about INR7,100 to INR7,500. And obviously, in an off-peak season, 

 
 
 
 
it could vary. But our focus has been more on growing the occupancy and the number of room nights 
more than typically trying to push up the average rates because of the growth in supply. 
Also, it depends on what kind of hotels open and which kind of season it opens. So yes, we will look 
at about 20 hotels over the next 3 to 4 quarters. And they will all be in ramp phases. If we are able 
to quicker ramp them, depending on the timing of opening, I think then it could be more 
advantageous to us. 
Chetan Mahadik: Okay. And second question is on other income. So on a year-on-year basis, if you 
see it has increased 50% plus. Can you provide a breakup of this INR45 crores? 
Debasis Nandy: Yes. This is Debasis. I'll take that question. So as you have rightly pointed out, overall 
other income has grown from INR266 million to INR440 million in the current quarter. A couple of 
reasons for that. I think the interest income on bank deposits has gone up by about INR79 million, 
out of the overall INR174 million, that INR79 million. 
In addition, there's sponsorship income increase of about INR18 million, which is accruing entirely 
in Thomas Cook. There's a bit of exchange gain, that's about INR11 million. And then there is what 
you call miscellaneous income, which are -- which has increased by INR58 million, and there are a 
couple of components there. One is about INR28 million on account of convenience fees collected 
from various clients, etc. 
And then there is corporate guarantee income. We give corporate guarantees to our -- all our 
subsidiaries as part of our transfer pricing process. And then, of course, there are other smaller parts 
of income. So all this adds up to INR174 million of increase. 
Chetan Mahadik: Okay. And just one last question on foreign exchange. So in this quarter, we have 
seen a decline in revenue for forex, say, due to geopolitical tensions, weakness in education segment 
and I guess exit from Delhi Airport, as you have mentioned. So if you can put some light on how 
should we look at this segment for the rest of the year? 
Mahesh Iyer: Chetan, I'll take that question, Mahesh here. Look, as I said, fundamentally, nothing 
has changed as far as the business is concerned. Our EBIT margin continues to be strong. Look, 
because it's the tail end of a transaction or a travel cycle, foreign exchange will always see that 
impact when there are global headwinds. So to that extent, we saw that happening in the quarter. 

 
 
 
 
But my view is that, as confidence on travel comes back, international travel takes place, you will 
see this getting back to normalcy. Our estimation on this business continues to be the double-digit 
growth that we've spoken about in the past and with our guidance on EBIT margin between the 
40%-45% range. 
And I think we continue to hold on to it. I think it's also important to note here that on the prepaid 
card side, we've been very cautious in terms of our revenue accrual because currently, since we are 
trading slightly below what we were, we didn't take an aggressive position on it. And obviously, as 
and when the volumes come in, the slab will kick in, and there will be an opportunity for us to 
increase our revenues there. 
We continue to engage with customers, building a lot of journey around our technology tools and 
our digital adoption. And I think all of that to me is trending in the right direction. So fundamentally, 
from a business perspective, I think the business prospects continue to remain strong. And I think 
for the full year, we should see a better outcome for the foreign exchange business. 
Urvashi Butani: Go ahead Deepak. 
Deepak Lalwani: Sir, first question is on the DMS business. We've seen phenomenal growth in this 
quarter. So is there any one-time event which led to this growth? And what can be the sustainable 
growth rate in this business? And similarly, for the MICE and B2C travel, if you can give any sense 
on the forward bookings and the MICE activity bookings that we have for the next 3 quarters for 
these two verticals, please? 
Debasis Nandy: Yes. Okay. Deepak, this is Debasis here. I'll take the first question on DMS. DMS, to 
answer your question, it's largely been business as usual. The only exceptional item I can think of is 
that, there was a large MICE business that happened in USA., Allied T Pro, and the business was 
worth about $4 million. 
Now, if you look at the overall sales, there are about $22.6 million this quarter vis-a-vis about $17 
million last year. So even if you take that one, there is a margin increase over last year. Other than 
that, the business has been usual. And in any case, the MICE business, as you know, is a contractual 
business, and therefore, this sort of business will keep on happening. We don't consider MICE 
business as one-time. But since you specifically asked this question, I thought I'll give you that input. 

 
 
 
 
Mahesh Iyer: I'll take the second part of the question. Deepak, to give you some kind of guidance 
on forward booking. I think I kind of alluded to in my commentary, see today, we are living in a bit 
of an uncertain world. And what we have seen is some of the patterns as to how customers book 
and specifically the B2B segment has changed. So unlike in the past, where a lot of decisions were 
made 2 or 3 months in advance and specifically for the MICE portfolio, we are seeing that cycle to 
be much shorter today. 
So from the time that we are conversing with the customer to closure and travel is essentially 
happening in less than 30 days. So if you ask me to kind of give you a sense on what the forward 
pipeline looks. It's a little more difficult because we are actually picking up business much closer to 
travel. So the pipeline is getting built in the same quarter that we are trading. So at this point in 
time, as I said, for the quarter that went by, despite the headwinds that we had, our volumes grew 
by about 12%. 
I think we will continue to see that kind of trajectory going forward. I don't think nothing has 
fundamentally changed. There will be some amount of wait and watch that will happen before the 
decision is made. But clearly, I think the future opportunity on the business remains strong. 
Deepak: Sure. Just a follow-up on this. Despite the weaker sentiment in this quarter, we've been 
able to grow. So should -- have you seen any green shoots starting July onwards? And although we 
are close -- the business model has changed to slightly shorter-term order bookings. So has anything 
improved from July onwards? If you can give a sense on that? 
Mahesh Iyer: So Deepak, again, as I said, look, what happened is, for the B2C businesses, we had 
the headwinds coming right in the thick of a seasonally strong quarter for us. Our bookings took a 
beating post these events in the third week of April, and that sentiment continued because of 
multiple events that happened during the quarter. Post that, in July, we have definitely seen a bit of 
a trend reversal, if I use the word so, both on the international side, that is short haul as well as long 
haul. And on the domestic side, it's more like a recovery. From a negative territory, which is 
degrowth over last year, we're actually starting to see a positive trend where we are now getting 
closer to what we were at the same time last year. 
Now the reason for the domestic part, as you clearly know, this was Kashmir. Kashmir is one of the 
largest portfolio or largest market in our portfolio, followed by Himachal, Uttarakhand and stuff like 

 
 
 
 
that. So, obviously, that portfolio didn't fire because of Operation Sindoor, closure of airports and 
stuff like that. But when I look at the current trending, I think they're starting to look promising. And 
both the short haul and the long haul on the international side are starting to get to a better 
territory, which is more like the double-digit growth one would call it to be so. 
I think we will see better turnout. And as Vikram also alluded to, we remain optimistic of H2 of 
current fiscal, and I think that's how the business will trend. And keep in mind that we are also 
entering into a bit of a festive season. And there will be some demand that will be driven by festive. 
And added to that, we've done the TravSure program, which is basically to reassure the customers, 
give them the flexibility of booking and stuff like that. We are trying to do a lot of things to get the 
confidence back and keep the sentiment going. 
Deepak: Sure. Sir, second question is for the CFO, sir. So other income has become quite a significant 
part. So if you can split the cash between client funds and our own funds? And how should we look 
at the yield that we make on our cash book for the full year? So what kind of other income run rate 
because that run rate has been volatile for the last few quarters? 
Debasis Nandy: Sorry, I didn't get the first part of your question. You're saying split the cash between 
-- the other income between client funds and my funds? 
Deepak: No, no. I want to split between the cash that is our funds and the client funds. And on total 
cash, what kind of other income are we looking at? 
Debasis Nandy: Okay. Well, I'll answer the first question, then I want to say something else on that. 
But my overall cash is INR2,248 crores. That's the total cash that I have. Against that, I have a gross 
debt of about INR280 crores. And my BPC float as of now is about INR1,570 crores. So that's what 
we have on the cash front. 
Your second question is on the other income. See, the other income is a -- obviously, is a function 
of the cash that I have. But I must also say that the entire cash that I have is not deployed into fixed 
deposits because as you know, the BPC, while we are talking about BPC float as if it's cash on hand, 
not everything will be cash. 
There will be part of it will be in the form of receivables from corporate because when we are selling 
a card, we are loading a card, the corporate will not pay on day 1. It will pay in 7 days' time, which 

 
 
 
 
is as per the credit period, 7 to 10 days' time. Some part of the cash we'll have to keep available for 
use, daily use. And only the balance I can then deploy depending on some algorithm that we use 
into long-term and short-term FDs. So this is not a straightforward calculation. But yes, other 
income, to sort of sum up, other income will keep on increasing as we grow the overall cash in the 
business. 
Deepak: Sure. Sir, third question is on the Digital Imaging side. We've seen improvement in the 
profitability despite the top line being modest. So are the costs in terms of technology behind us? 
And what kind of sustainable profitability can we look at for the Digital Imaging segment? 
Debasis Nandy: So you're right, and I did mention this during -- while I was talking about the Digital 
Imaging business. The growth in profitability can be attributed entirely to the cost rather than on 
the top line. And this has come through careful cost control and cost reduction initiatives launched 
by the business. And so, the cost benefit -- the benefits around cost has happened from -- largely 
from the indirect overheads. 
Now, going forward, obviously, as you know, that we are also building a technology solution, a 
software, which will probably come into effect possibly from the third quarter onwards, and that 
should give us some productivity gains. It's a little difficult at this point of time to sort of visualize or 
anticipate clear as to exactly how much we'll gain, but maybe we'll take a little quarter or two to 
figure out what exactly is the financial benefit out of that. 
There are obviously financial and non-financial benefits coming out of that. We also expect the top 
line to start growing over time over the next couple of quarters more in the second half of the year 
rather than in the first half. And that should overall -- improve the overall profitability of the 
business. 
Mahesh Iyer: Debasis, if I can just come in and add. And Deepak, I just want to mention a point here. 
While the top line looks muted, please also remember that this is a conscious call. While we have 
also ensured that we went out and looked at our portfolio and weeded out some of the accounts 
where we thought that we weren't actually making a lot of money. 
So some of those accounts had to be reconstituted and we had to renegotiate. So in that bargain, 
we let go of some accounts, and that also had impacted the top line. But, I guess, it's about putting 
the right blocks in place so that the long-term trajectory for the business remains strong. 

 
 
 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Praneeth, an Individual Investor. 
Praneeth: Yes. So I had questions regarding DMS specifically to start with. So on the DMS B2B 
business, I understand that in the last con-call, you mentioned that we basically -- the product that 
we provide to other travel agents or whatever is a white label product. So that they can buy from 
Thomas Cook. So I was wondering why do people come to Thomas Cook to get these label products 
because their entire this thing in the market is that they make the packages so they try to procure 
it. 
So I was wondering what is the reason of Thomas Cook particularly creating these white label 
products? And how is the overall competitive space particular to this? Is Thomas Cook the only one 
who is doing this particular service to other travel agents? Or how is it going forward? And in the 
B2C segment, I was wondering what -- is my understanding right that the B2C segment, DMS is 
basically what we sell under SOTC and Thomas Cook? Is that right understand? 
Debasis Nandy: So I think we need to correct some of -- some concepts around this, the DMS 
business. The DMS business essentially is a B2B business and not a B2C, to begin with, okay? So it is 
distinctively B2B. There's no trace of a direct consumer business here. The way this business 
operates is that, our DMS businesses interact with overseas tour operators and serve their 
customers. 
So maybe you can call it -- best you can call it a B2B2C business, but not a B2C business directly. So 
the way it works is the overseas tour operators would like their own retail customers to come to the 
country. And this country -- that country can be India or US or any other place where we have a 
presence. And they would request us for a particular itinerary or costing you can separate, create a 
particular itinerary along with obviously the costing around it. 
And once we finalize the itinerary and the pricing around it, we -- it's a white label contract because 
the itinerary is actually created by us and also operated by us. That's why we call it a white label 
itinerary. However, that is the tour operator sells it to his B2C customers as their own itinerary. 
So our job begins when the customer's customer, so to say, comes into the country, we sort of take 
care of them while they are in the country, take care of the hotel, the sightseeing and so on and so 
forth. Now, does that explain? I just want to understand that. Is the concept clear? I mean it's not a 
B2C. 

 
 
 
 
Praneeth: I was actually wondering, so basically, you're saying that the overseas tour operators 
basically approach Thomas Cook to create a white label product. So technically, our customer, the 
travel agency itself, and they will be, let's say, a spokesperson or whatever for that particular market 
to the customer, right? 
This is my understanding so far. So I was wondering, so is it a local itinerary or it's someone coming 
from India to go there? Or how is it? So is it because some person, some traveler wanted to get a 
package from India to, let's say, potentially Africa. So how does it work? 
Debasis Nandy: Praneeth, I think, again, I have to, I think, focus on -- I'll give you some examples to 
make my point clear. Maybe I was not very clear the last time around. So where do you -- first of all, 
where do we operate the DMS business? It's operated in -- across Southeast and Middle East Asia, 
is operated in Africa, in USA. and Australia, okay? 
And of course, India. But in this current quarter, India is a small part of it. So let's take an example 
of the business in Southeast Asia. We have a company called Asian Trails headquartered in Thailand. 
And let's talk hypothetically about an overseas operator trying to get an itinerary for Thailand, let's 
say. So Asian Trails will create a white label itinerary for Thailand, okay, and sell that package to the 
B2B operator overseas. The B2B operator will obviously sort of put his own markup and sell it to his 
B2C customer. That B2C customer comes into Thailand and its trip is then managed by Asian Trails. 
Okay? 
Praneeth: So it's not a traveler from Thailand that's actually approaching? 
Debasis Nandy: I'm sorry? 
Praneeth: So basically, it's, let's say -- so in Thailand or if a traveler approaches Asian Trails, then... 
Debasis Nandy: No, no. Traveler doesn't approach Asian Trails at all. 
Praneeth: No, no. So the travel agency. So let's say, basically Asian Trails, let's say, someone from 
Thailand wants to go on a trip. And do they approach... 
Debasis Nandy: No, no. It's inbound. Praneeth, it's inbound okay? It is not -- we are not talking about 
outbound trips here at all. 
Praneeth: So basically, some Indian traveler want to... 

 
 
 
 
Debasis Nandy: Let's say, a European, okay, let's take an example of DER Touristik, which is REWE, 
which is a German group, okay? It's a German tour operator just like Thomas Cook in India. Now, 
DER Touristik will get German customers, obviously, right? The German customer wants to go to 
Thailand. DER Touristik does not have a direct entity in Thailand, doesn't have a subsidiary in 
Thailand. 
And therefore, it has to approach a local tour agent who knows -- has a clear understanding of the 
place and can organize the tour there. So they approach Asian Trails. And there will be many other 
people like Asian Trails. It's not the only one in Thailand. So they approach Asian Trails. 
Asian Trails creates a tour for DER Touristik and DER Touristik sells that to his German customers. 
The German customer comes to -- flies into Thailand, is taken care of by the Asian Trails people, and 
then he goes back. He makes a payment to DER Touristik and DER Touristik makes a payment to 
Asian Trails. Is that slope clear now? 
Praneeth: Yes, yes, it's much clearer. So I was wondering, I understand that we are basically a B2B 
service. So how prominent is this practice in the market? So basically, tour operators, they don't -- 
is in the market, do they not at all? What percentage of it the tour operators make itinerary 
themselves and operate it by themselves? And what percentage is usually that they approach some 
big player like B2B, like Thomas Cook, whichever country might it be to operate their tours? Like 
how is the market shaped in that way? 
Debasis Nandy: Praneeth, almost the entire tour operator industry works like this, okay? Let's say, 
even if I take Thomas Cook for an example, in the -- let's say, I'm organizing a trip, I'll give you two 
examples, one for Europe and one for US. So if I'm taking, let's say, you come to me as a customer 
and you ask for it US I will call up Allied T Pro, which is my unit in US and ask him to create and 
itinerary for you, right? 
Allied TPro is my subsidiary, my 100% subsidiary. So it is Thomas Cook in another form. Now, let's 
take the second example. You want to go to Europe. I don't have a subsidiary or an entity in Europe. 
So I will depend on a local unit, a local DMC or destination management company to create an 
itinerary for you. So in that case, I will sort of outsource this program. And this is the most common 
thing in the tour industry. 
Praneeth: So this is a very common practice. So basically, wherever I might approach... 

 
 
 
 
Debasis Nandy: It's a global practice. And even in the domestic market, let's -- for example, if you 
go to -- let's take an example of Leh, Ladakh, for example. You go to Leh, Ladakh and you book a trip 
through ABC & Company. ABC & Company will actually get some local operator from Leh, Ladakh to 
create a tour for you because it doesn't have a business, doesn't have an office in Leh, Ladakh. Okay? 
And this is the most common thing that happens in the travel industry. Probably 90% of the tours 
will happen in this fashion. Probably. I don't know the percentage, but I can sort of guesstimate 90% 
work will be done in this fashion because you need a local guy who has the knowledge of the terrain 
and the wherewithal to manage a tour there. 
Praneeth: So wherever the, let's say, the -- so basically, whatever the procurement of the customer 
happens in whatever shape or form. But the thing is, when it comes to the operation part of the 
tour or itinerary part of it, we approach a strong partner in the particular region to operate the tour 
and complete the tour. Is that my understanding right? 
Debasis Nandy: Absolutely right. 
Praneeth: Got it. So since the business is run like this, so what do you think your particular market 
positioning is in the particular DMS as a market? Because till now I'm assuming that travel is very 
simplistic that travel agent might do this thing. But I was wondering -- so there's an entire B2B side 
of it. So I was wondering how is the market shape like that? How many players are there? And how 
is the competence? 
Debasis Nandy: Praneeth, there are thousands of people like this, okay? Like Asian Trails. In 
Thailand, probably there are several thousand. I don't know how many thousand, honestly, but 
there are several thousand travel agents will be there. If you walk the streets of Mumbai, I don't 
know where you are from, but if you walk the streets of Mumbai, you see so many travel agents, 
right, along with Thomas Cook. It's a bit like that. 
Praneeth: Yes. Got it. So -- but like how is -- and how do we particularly grow in this particular 
business? Like what -- how do we -- what is the strategy to growth in this particular DMS business? 
Like how does it work? 
Debasis Nandy: That's a simple one. That is I think the simplest question so far. In the sense that 
the idea is to procure more and more B2B operators as your customers and you get that through 

 
 
 
 
obviously -- and of course, retain the existing ones. The way you do that is to -- you take part in 
various trade shows, travel-related trade shows, etc, you approach them directly or through agent, 
so on and so forth. Just like you -- any other industry, you get new customers, corporate customers 
is the same way. 
Praneeth: Understood. So I want to understand how these particular Thomas Cook brand names 
plays into play at this point of time. We have the details... 
Debasis Nandy: Sorry, Praneeth, we are not using the Thomas Cook brand name, which is I 
specifically mentioned entities like Asian Trails or Desert Adventures. Those are the brand names. 
We don't use Thomas Cook's brand name beyond India, Mauritius and Sri Lanka. 
Praneeth: I understood that part. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Praneeth, can you join the queue again, sir? We have other 
participants waiting. The next question is from the line of Nirav Savai. 
Nirav Savai: Yes. Sir, my question is an extension to the previous question on other income part. So 
is there any mark-to-market forex gain in this quarter, which is driving this other income? Or how 
do we read that? 
Debasis Nandy: No, I mentioned the components very clearly. I talked about the increases coming 
in from interest on fixed deposit, basically interest income. I talked about increase in sponsorship 
income and about the increase in collecting convenience charge from customers. And I did talk 
about INR11 million of foreign exchange gain. So I think I gave the breakup very clearly. 
Nirav Savai: Right. So when we look at an annual basis, what kind of overall other income we should 
look at, which one is obviously…? 
Debasis Nandy: It's very difficult to say. I don't hazard a guess on that because, obviously, 
sponsorship income, convenience fees from customers and foreign exchange gain cannot be 
quantified at this stage. As far as the interest income is concerned, it will also depend on the cash 
that we have and the BPC float that we have is -- obviously, is a significant portion of that. So if the 
BPC float continues to grow, the income will grow. But other than that, on the existing cash flow, 
this is the sort of income that we have. 

 
 
 
 
Nirav Savai: So when we look at the current cash is around about INR700 crores, excluding the float? 
Debasis Nandy: Yes. 
Nirav Savai: So is it right to assume about INR70-odd crores can come from the core interest income 
and rest can be... 
Debasis Nandy: I don't think 10% is the current yield rate. And I would love to yield a 10% yield FD, 
if you can… 
Nirav Savai: No, I'm saying assuming it will also increase it over a period of time? 
Debasis Nandy: No. But you know very well, all of us know very well that the yield on deposits going 
down across the world, including India. Isn't it? So that 10% I don't think we ever got 10% yield on 
fixed deposits in the first place. In the current -- if you look at the current yield, it is much, much 
lower than that. And we don't know where it will go in the next 3 quarters. So I would not like to 
hazard a guess on what yield I'll get for the next 3 quarters. 
Nirav Savai: Right. So basically, you are saying the sponsorship income has grown by about INR2 
crores on a Y-o-Y basis. Apart from that, there are some miscellaneous income, which has gone by 
about INR6 crores on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Debasis Nandy: Yes. And I said every income, our interest income has gone up by about INR8 crores. 
Nirav Savai: INR8 crores. And what was the quantum, if I work at the absolute number last year in 
Q1? 
Debasis Nandy: Last year, out of INR266 million, INR140 million was interest income. And this year, 
out of INR440 million, INR219 million is interest income. 
Nirav Savai: Right, right, right. And this sponsorship income is something which is sustainable every 
quarter or it is lumpy in nature? Or how do we understand this? 
Debasis Nandy: No, sponsorship income is really the income that we get from various overseas -- I 
mean, various overseas tourism boards rather, which is used for doing the campaigns. So this is -- 
this can be seasonal. This will depend on which country wants to do a campaign in India at what 
point of time. We don't control this. This is entirely a prerogative of the respective tourism boards 

 
 
 
 
as to whether they want to run a campaign. So we cannot consider this as a sustained source of 
income. Yes, there is some income that comes in every quarter, but we cannot ascribe a sort of 
futuristic value to it. 
Nirav Savai: Right, right. So we are seeing largely this INR12-odd crores going to about INR20 crores 
on the net interest income is something which is a key component of this growth. And apart from 
this sponsorship income and miscellaneous income, which you say generally it doesn't happen in 
every quarter is lumpy in nature. 
That is the reason why other income overall appears to be lumpy because it has been oscillating 
between INR20 crores, INR25 crores and even INR50 crores last quarter, which is changing the entire 
earnings from the company standpoint. So would it be possible to give a range at least this can range 
between let's say INR100 crores to INR150 crores or anything? 
Debasis Nandy: I'm sorry, we can't give you a range. I have told you the variables very clearly. I have 
told you the sponsorship income -- we do not control the sponsorship income. As I said, we -- there's 
an increase of INR11 million on account of foreign exchange fluctuation. We do not control the 
foreign exchange rates. 
And on the bank deposits, yes, last year was -- interest income was INR14 crores. This year is about 
INR22 crores. So that's all I can tell you. I cannot really project other income. But all that I can tell 
you, yes, obviously, interest income will continue. 
Now whether it will grow from INR22 crores or remain steady at that stage, will depend on two 
things. What is the float that we have and which will keep -- obviously we'll keep you posted on the 
float that we have and what's the market yield on fixed deposits. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Anil Shah from Insightful Investment. 
Anil Shah: Yes, sure. I just wanted to ask you on Sterling Resorts. Just wanted to understand what's 
exactly our positioning? What kind of clientele do we see there coming? Is it a lot of more of 
corporates doing their events there along with, obviously, large employees? 
Is it more of families? And what -- I'm just not able to get clarity in terms of what exactly is the 
positioning? Is it premium? Is it luxury? Is it super-premium? Is it value? What exactly are we looking 

 
 
 
 
to target? And how do we get this occupancy to move up? And are we looking to do any promotional 
pushes there? And what kind of target audience are we looking to do it? 
Vikram Lalvani: This is Vikram Lalvani here. I'll answer your question. Now, in fact, let me eliminate 
certain points that you brought to us. We are certainly not luxury, and we are not ultra-luxury, okay? 
The way we have positioned ourselves in the last 4 years and when we started this transformation 
journey, we have positioned ourselves, as most of our mid-scale properties have actually moved up 
to an upper mid-scale level. 
Some of them have moved into an upscale level and some of the new ones are moving in the upper 
upscale level. So actually, the range that we are playing with is the upper mid-scale to an upper 
upscale level. Now, in this whole mix, if you have to see from a leisure perspective our strength is in 
families, right? And so, the family holidayer typically is the one where we tend to become the first 
choice. And since now we are present in over 55 destinations, the transferability or the osmosis of 
the customer from one location to the other actually becomes very much easier. 
Now, we also have a couple of hotels, as I said, that we are moving towards the business-cum-
leisure, Tier 2, Tier 3 towns as of now, and we have approximately 5 or 6 of them, and they've been 
extremely successful. So those are hotels or resorts, our hotels, which are typically run on an 
efficiency-led model. So they would attract a lot of the corporate travelers or people who are coming 
for both leisure and corporate purpose. Having said that, in certain markets like Rajasthan, even in 
certain markets like Guruvayur, weddings play a large role. So the wedding business is typically the 
Rajasthan-led business, which is October to March. 
So the purpose of travel can vary, like, for example, a wildlife resort where we've got the ‘Best of 
the Best’ also, and we are opening -- we have the largest network of wildlife resorts in the country, 
the only brand to have almost 15 wildlife resorts will attract a different purpose of travel. Now, 
Tipeshwar would attract a more upper upscale. Maybe a Gir would attract a more upper mid-scale. 
That’s how it's actually getting classified. I hope that answers your question. 
We also have MICE, which is Meetings, incentives business, especially this time of the year, plays a 
large role. Our Corporate Plus program actually is a white listed solution using Sterling ONE, which 
is our proprietary distribution platform that actually gets into corporates where corporate 

 
 
 
 
employees can book their holidays or their corporate programs with us in a span of 30 seconds or 
less than a minute and fulfill the entire transaction. 
So that's how varied the entire model is. And that it's better to be this way because in the event like 
how this quarter, Himachal completely is down, we try to leverage other segments into other resorts 
so as to mitigate any risks that may happen in 1 or 2 segments or in 1 or 2 regions. I trust I answered 
your question. 
Anil Shah: Yes. Just as a follow-up on this. I mean, ex the members, and I know we don't take new 
members, but ex the old members who would still be the old Sterling members, is there a -- are we 
tracking in terms of a new client or a new individual family who comes in for one of our resorts and 
who is also a repeat customer, who's not a member, I repeat. 
And do we have that kind of analysis, which is done, which kind of tells you that someone who 
comes into your resort goes back with an experience and he wants to come back to different resorts 
all across? 
Vikram Lalvani: Right. It's a very good question. Let me answer this in two parts. Yes, we have 
stopped membership acquisition. And we are servicing our existing members, and we are servicing 
them exceedingly well, number one. 
Number two, just like, you take for example, any city hotel, they vie for the crew business, which is 
a stable business through the year. So our -- in a leisure model, the membership business actually 
fills in that particular gap and gives you a constant revenue flow through the year. Number three, in 
terms of, you keep the -- not the members, you keep the other segments. There are -- the way we 
actually measure it is in form of two parts. One, who are the repeat accounts for us. 
So like, for example, if it's a MICE account or a conferencing account, whether they do one, two, 
three Meetings, Incentives with us this year, are they repeating next year, probably in a different 
destination as well. So that is one way in which we see who are the repeat accounts. Number two, 
we see who are the repeat guests. Now they may stay with us in Ooty. The same guest could stay 
with us in a Rudraprayag that we've just opened for a pilgrimage purpose. 
So when he wants to go on a pilgrimage, he may say to a Guruvayur, he may choose us in Guruvayur. 
And if he wants to go to a hill destination, he may choose a Munnar or an Alleppey if he wants a 

 
 
 
 
backwater experience. So we also track it that way. In terms of the accounts, we have almost a 90% 
hit rate. In terms of the guests, it's actually -- in the last 2 years, we've started measuring and 
managing it pretty well. So actually, our ratio is approximately 15% to 18% today, and it's growing 
significantly. 
Anil Shah: No. I'm sorry, can I just have a follow-up just to understand this. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Anil. May we request you to join the queue and there are other 
participants. The next question is from the line of Mukul Verma from Varma Associates. 
Mukul Verma: Congratulations on a good quarter. I have 3 questions. I just wanted to understand 
the growth guidance from a 3 years' perspective. Are we on track to grow our guidance on a 
consolidated basis by 12% to 15%? And what would be the margin trajectory? 
Because if I look at the last 5 quarters, it's been 6%, except for March quarter. And if I just remove 
the one-off from June quarter, it's maintained at 6%. So is there a possibility of increase in margins 
going forward? And second question is on the taxation front, our tax rates are close to 33%, 34%. 
So will this remain like this going forward? Or is there a way we can move to a new system, which 
kind of reduces the tax burden? 
Mahesh Iyer: Mr. Verma, this is Mahesh here, and I'll take your questions. And probably I'll get 
Debasis in to answer on the taxation side of it. We normally don't give any forward-looking guidance 
on it. And obviously, 3 years looks very long for us to kind of look at it that way. In the environment 
that we live in today, there are a lot of events that shape how travel industry will operate. So very 
difficult to give that kind of a long shot at it. 
But clearly, I think from an intent point of view, as we've been saying at every call, we are focused 
on building scale. We are focused on bringing in more technology. We continue to focus on 
productivity. We continue to focus on margin management. And I think all of this helps us to improve 
our ratios, improve our margins as we go along. From an expansion of margins perspective, you 
would have seen that trajectory over the last 2, 3 years. 
And we continue to chip off wherever we can to actually get better margins. But having said so, it's 
also important to understand that as markets mature and you find more competition coming in or 
you have this headwind events that happen, you will have to change your strategy. You got to get a 

 
 
 
 
little more tactical in a certain period of time because you want to continue to maintain these kind 
of volumes because with volumes, comes economies of buying, comes some scale and all of that is 
very relevant for us in the industry. 
So clearly, I think there's no one clear straight line answer for it. There are multiple levers that we 
look at it. These are important KPIs that we monitor. And rest assured, we will -- and as we have 
said, we will top industry growth rates. So if the travel industry is going to grow at 10% or 11%, we 
will top that growth rate for sure. And that's the only guidance I can give you at this point in time. 
Mukul Verma: Yes, that's -- so if you can -- so what has been the industry growth rate kind of 
projected for the coming year? And if you can... 
Mahesh Iyer: Mr. Verma, if you can look at it, I think multiple reports have been published on this. 
I think Debasis spoken about growth rates in the --. Yes, we will share some of those data points 
with you, but they are different. As you will appreciate that we operate B2B and B2C, there are 
different growth rates for each of those units and in different geographies. So I rather than giving 
you a straight one-line answer, I'd rather give you a breakup of it. I'm happy to come back to you 
and I'll get my investors team to get in touch with you for this one. 
Mukul Verma: For sure. And one more thing. Recently, you had this tie-up with this Disney Cruise 
Line. So some updates on that of how things are? 
Mahesh Iyer: So, as you know, this is a new cruise line that's starting off to sail from Singapore. This 
is a new offering, both Thomas Cook and SOTC brands have a tie-up with them, and then we are 
looking to promote. You will appreciate that just about after the pandemic, India had a cruise line 
Cordelia. It still sails, and it's now sailing within India and to Sri Lanka, and we had some great 
success. So we're trying to build because there's a lot of excitement around it. 
It's a product that appeals to the younger generation, more importantly, kids, and we believe that's 
an opportunity for us to build some depth on the cruise tourism part of it. So that's an opportunity 
we saw, and hence, we have made a tie-up with it. 
Mukul Verma: Absolutely. Yes. 
Debasis Nandy: And Mr. Verma, Debasis here. I'd like to sort of try and answer your second 
question, which was on the taxation part. So as you know, the -- obviously, there are multiple 

 
 
 
 
companies in the group. Thomas Cook, which is the -- or the Thomas Cook is the stand-alone 
company is obviously the largest contributor to profitability. 
And it still continues to be the old regime purely because there are some MAT credits that are still 
available, and we would not like to lose those tax -- deferred tax assets. And that's why we are in 
the old regime, and we are likely to be there for the next 3 years or so. All the other Indian companies 
have migrated to the new tax regime is at 25%. The reason you see the tax rate at around 33%, 34% 
typically, and we have seen that last year as well as this year. There's obviously one reason is Thomas 
Cook, the largest profitable entity is at that rate. 
And also, as you know, there are -- we have been talking about the units, the overseas units 
gradually coming out of losses into profitability. So, obviously, while a lot of them have come to 
profitability, a few of them still make a loss. And we haven't considered the sort of tax break on that. 
These are smaller units, and we haven't considered the tax break or guide for deferred tax asset 
because the law may not be there in those countries, which is why you are seeing a rate of about 
33%, 34%. I guess this rate will continue for a while. And over a period of time, you'll see that 
reducing. 
Mukul Verma: Great. So okay. Great. So for the next 3 years, we can look at the same tax structure 
and probably from the fourth or fifth year, we can look at a lower tax rate. 
Debasis Nandy: Yes. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Deepak from Unifi Capital. 
Deepak: Sir, on the forex side, you mentioned that the cards business slowed down a bit. So if you 
can elaborate on that. And it seems to be -- and there seems to be a weakness in the wholesale side. 
So is it predominantly because of Hajj? And how are these two segments and in totality improving 
from July onwards? 
Mahesh Iyer: So Deepak, on your first question on the prepaid portfolio, I think it's got to do with 
what you've seen in the last quarter, which is the international travel sentiment has been lower. 
Typically, on the forex business, we have dependency, both on the Thomas Cook, SOTC because we 
sell a lot of that to our own customers, and we also deal with third-party, which are other traveler 

 
 
 
 
companies because foreign exchange doesn't necessarily cater to the Thomas Cook, SOTC piece 
only, but they also deal with other travel agents. 
Now, the general sentiment was impacted because of the global events that we spoke about. As a 
result of which the uptake on the card was a little lower, and that's the impact. But as I said, we are 
definitely seeing the shift for customer preference moving to plastic from currency notes and the 
digital economy is taking shape. 
I also spoke about our integration with Google Pay, which we believe will bring more convenience 
and security in the hands of the consumer. All of this is to ensure that our portfolio on the card 
continues to grow. To give you a perspective from a market share, we are close to about one-third 
of the market given the size and scale at which we operate. 
And at that scale, you will find that there will be the spirits where you will find some bit of challenges 
coming in. But I think I still believe the business can continue to grow at about 10%, mirroring the 
kind of growth rates that you will see on the forex opportunity. It's all about acquiring new 
customers, building new partnerships. As we said, and there was a press note that we released, we 
also entered into an arrangement with Muthoot to expand our offerings and create a distribution 
base for our products. 
So we continue to look at more opportunities to increase our portfolio on the prepaid card side. To 
your question on wholesale, while the Hajj did have a little bit of impact on the wholesale side of it 
because we supply currency to various constituents in the market, which are selling to their own 
customers, there was some impact. And I also spoke about the rule that RBI implemented sometime 
last year, which is the 75-25 rule, where they said that 75% of the currencies that I sell to other 
market participants in the foreign exchange, they have to in turn sell to the retail customers. 
Now, typically, in the segments like FFMC, the full-fledged money changes in the forex business end 
up doing trades between themselves, which qualifies as wholesale transaction and not retail 
transaction. So, obviously, to that extent, they had to find new set of retail customers to whom they 
can go and sell. And in the absence of that, they were constrained to buy large volumes of currency. 
And obviously, that's also a compliance requirement from our end to ensure that we don't sell more 
than the norm, which is, if they cannot sell 75% to the retail customers, I cannot sell the next tranche 
of currency to them. 

 
 
 
 
So essentially, there is a bit of a requirement from the regulator. So it's a compliance norm. So there 
is a little bit of dent that has come on account of that. But as I said, on a comparative basis, we are 
seeing that trajectory changing. And I think foreign exchange over the next 2 quarters should start 
seeing a better trajectory. 
Deepak: Perfect. And on the travel segment, sir, while you've sustainably increased your margins, 
any -- and you've guided for 5% in the long term. Any thoughts on the margins for this current year, 
FY '26? 
Mahesh Iyer: Difficult, Deepak, to quantify that. I think previously, Mr. Verma asked this question, 
and I did mention that, look, we have to be a little more tactical at some points in time. The markets 
are a little uncertain. We are witnessing geopolitical upheavals. So clearly, we want to be staying 
cautious. We don't want to just say that we will focus on margin enhancements. 
We may have to be a little more competitive. We may have to just go out and look at expanding our 
market and stuff like that. So some tactical calls may come into play. And hence, I don't want to give 
you a forward guidance on it. I can just say that we are focused on margin management. It's an 
important lever and KPI for us, and we'll continue to review opportunities for enhancing that as and 
when we come across it. 
Deepak: Okay. Got it. And the use of cash, if you can touch upon that, so INR700 crores on the 
balance sheet, are we looking at a big capex in any of the verticals and/or... 
Mahesh Iyer: An asset-light model. Deepak, we've always been an asset-light model. 
Deepak: Or looking at any increase in dividend payout? 
Mahesh Iyer: No large investments. What we are looking at is only technology, some part of 
technology investments that we do, but they are small sums of money. There are no large capex 
plan at all. 
Deepak: Okay. And is there a thinking from the Board to increase dividend payouts if the capex is 
going to be light? 
Mahesh Iyer: Look, it's a decision at the Board level. I wouldn't want to kind of give any commentary 
on it. As and when the Board discusses and feels it appropriate, obviously, we'll come to know about 

 
 
 
 
it. But I don't want to kind of go and talk about something that's outside my domain at this point in 
time. 
Moderator: Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Iyer: Thank you. Thank you so much, Shruthi. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for 
being on the call. As I said in my opening remarks, it was a difficult quarter, the April-June quarter 
because of the various geopolitical events that we saw shaping in the peak of a summer or a travel 
season as one would call it. Despite that, I think we put up a good performance out there. 
Our profitability grew by 18% to INR128 crores, and our cash balance and our balance sheet looks 
very steady. We continue to invest in our markets, trying to improve customer experience and 
technology tools, all of which I believe in the long run will help the company to continue its growth 
trajectory. Thank you so much for your patience and for your questions on the call. If there are any 
follow-up questions, please reach out to Mr. Debasis Nandy or Urvashi, who will be more than happy 
to clarify this for you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Systematix Shares & Stocks, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
