 
 
 
                                                              
 
Corporate office: B - 5, Trade World, Kamala City, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400 013 (India) 
                                                     Phone:  3040 0500,        Fax: 3040 0599      Email:  william.fernandes@siyaram.com 
                                                     Internet: www.siyaram.com                          CIN : L17116MH1978PLC020451 
                                          Registered Office: H – 3/2, MIDC, A – Road, Tarapur, Boisar, Palghar – 401 506 (Mah.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            5th August, 2025. 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jijibhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street,                        
Mumbai 
 
Scrip Code: 503811 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,           
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Company Symbol: SIYSIL 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst / Investor Meet. 
 
 
In nexus to the captioned subject and in terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed is the 
Transcript of the Analyst/ Investor Meet held on 31st July, 2025.  
 
The 
same 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
www.siyaram.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For SIYARAM SILK MILLS LIMITED 
 
 
 
William Fernandes 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl : a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
William 
Fernandes
Digitally signed by 
William Fernandes 
Date: 2025.08.05 
18:26:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Siyaram Silk Mills Limited 
Q1 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAURAV PODDAR – PRESIDENT AND EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – SIYARAM SILK MILLS LIMITED 
MR. ASHOK JALAN – SENIOR PRESIDENT AND 
DIRECTOR – SIYARAM SILK MILLS LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRA SHETTY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– SIYARAM SILK MILLS LIMITED 
MR. PRAKASH DALMIA – PRESIDENT, FINANCE – 
SIYARAM SILK MILLS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MAMTA NEHRA – MUFG INTIME PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Siyaram Silk Mills Limited Q1 and FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Mamta Nehra from MUFG Intime Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Mamta. 
Mamta Nehra: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you all to the earnings 
conference call of Siyaram Silk Mills Limited to discuss the Q1 FY '26 business performance. 
To discuss this quarter's performance, we have from the management, Mr. Gaurav Poddar, 
President and Executive Director; Mr. Ashok Jalan, Senior President and Director; Mr. 
Surendra Shetty, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Prakash Dalmia, President Finance. 
 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. For 
more detail, kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the 
company's website. 
 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for the opening 
comments, and then we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, Gaurav sir. 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to everyone joining us today. Thank you for your 
participation in quarter 1 FY '26 results conference call. I hope you all have had the 
opportunity to review our financial results and investor presentation, both of which have been 
uploaded to the stock exchange and our company's website. 
 
Siyaram is a trusted and renowned name in India's textile and fashion industries. With a legacy 
spanning nearly 5 decades, we have built a strong foundation in fabric manufacturing and are 
evolving into a key player in modern fashion retail. 
 
With bold fashion forward collections and immersive retail experiences, we have ventured into 
direct-to-consumer brands. In quarter 1 FY '26, demand in Fashion and Apparel segment 
remained largely flat mainly due to the early onset of monsoon disrupting typical seasonal 
buying patterns. Despite these challenges, we remain optimistic about a gradual recovery as we 
approach the upcoming festive season, a traditionally strong period for consumer spending, 
which historically drives consumer demand and presents growth opportunities for the sector. 
 
While we remain cautious and continue to monitor broader market trends and consumer 
sentiment closely, we believe Siyaram is well positioned to benefit from the growing demand 
environment. With consumer preferences shifting towards quality, value and accessibility, our 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
strong retail presence and diverse product portfolio enables us to effectively meet the evolving 
needs of today's modern shopper. 
 
Building on the strategic initiatives outlined in the previous quarter, we are pleased to report 
steady progress in our expansion beyond the core fabric and apparel business. Our newly 
launched brands ZECODE focused on fast fashion and DEVO centered around ethnic wear are 
gaining good traction, reflecting our commitment to adapting to changing consumer 
preferences and emerging market trends.  
During quarter 1 FY '26, we successfully opened 4 new stores under the ZECODE brand and 3 
stores under the DEVO brand. This brings the total number of stores launched since inception 
of these brands to 16 ZECODE shops and 10 DEVO shops at the end of quarter 1 FY '26. 
 
We are on track to achieve our target of opening approximately 35 stores across both brands in 
the year FY '25-'26. Our expansion strategy continues to focus on identifying and evaluating 
high potential locations that will enable us to strengthen our market presence and better serve 
our growing customer base. 
 
Our total income for quarter 1 FY '26 stood at INR400 crores compared to INR331 crores in 
quarter 1 FY '25, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 21%. It's worth noting that Q1 FY '25 
included INR13 crores in government grants under other income, which increased the total 
income for that period as compared to Q1 FY '26 in which the grant stood at INR1 crore. 
Although retail demand is currently slow, the long-term outlook for the industry remains 
positive. 
 
As the economy improves and people feel more confident, spending is likely to pick up. 
Factors such as rising disposable incomes, expanding retail infrastructure and increasing 
consumer awareness are reshaping the landscape and unlocking new opportunities. With ample 
headroom for growth in the Apparel segment, we are focused on building a meaningful 
presence and contributing to the sustained evolution of this dynamic industry. Thank you once 
again for your continued trust. 
 
Now I would like to invite our CFO, Mr. Surendra Shetty, to take you through the financial 
highlights for the quarter. Thank you. 
Surendra Shetty: 
Thank you, Gauravji. Good afternoon, everyone. I will talk about the stand-alone financial 
performance for the first quarter of financial year '26. Our total income for the quarter 1 FY '26 
stood at INR400 crores compared to INR331 crores in quarter 1 financial year '25, reflecting a 
year-on-year growth of 21%. Our revenue mix for the quarter comprised Fabrics at 76%, 
Garment at 13% and Others at 11%, continuing to reflect our core strength while expanding 
into adjacent categories. 
 
We recorded an EBITDA of INR33 crores in Q1 financial year '26 as compared to INR34 
crores in Q1 financial year '25. With EBITDA margins for the quarter stood at 8%, our profit 
after tax for the quarter was INR5 crores compared to INR12 crores in quarter 1 of financial 
year '25. 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
 
Thank you. That concludes our financial highlights for the quarter. We will now open the floor 
for the question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Param Vora from Trinetra Asset Manager. 
Param Vora: 
So, what I wanted to ask was that exports contributed 9% to revenues in financial year '25, so 
are there any plans to grow the international presence and increase the contribution of exports 
in the coming years? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So largely, the company has remained a branded domestic serving company because of our 
brands. Traditionally, we get a lot of value for this value addition of branded product in the 
domestic market. While export has been always something that the company has strived to 
progress in, it has been, as you mentioned correctly, about 10% of the company's turnover.  
While we strive to grow that business as well, there is a lot of headroom in the branded 
domestic market as well. So I cannot give you  
as a percentage, how much it will grow, but 
the business will definitely grow in volume and value as an absolute number. 
Param Vora: 
Okay. And my next question is that the company targets of opening 35 stores across both the 
brands, ZECODE and DEVO by financial year '26. So, could you share the location and 
strategy for upcoming stores? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So for both these brands, we have followed a cluster approach right from the beginning and 
that has helped us in concentrating on a few areas in terms of advertising, in terms of 
manpower and everything else in terms of understanding the consumer preferences. For 
ZECODE, we had chosen the Karnataka state and Bangalore as a hub for opening the stores.  
So we continue to focus on that state in this year as well. For DEVO, we chose North India. 
We had selected Delhi, NCR and UP, and we probably will open some stores in Punjab, but 
we'll stick to the North area sector for this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dev from Care PMS. 
Dev: 
My question is, what is the reason behind revenue growth? And is it sustainable? And also, 
could you please provide the percentage change in terms of volume growth and value growth 
in both the Fabrics and Garment segments separately? And also, if you can quantify the 
contribution of ZECODE and DEVO in readymade garments? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So in terms of Fabrics, the volume growth has been approximately 20% And in terms of 
Garment, the volume growth has been approximately 18%. And we have seen, although the 
market has been relatively subdued, and quarter 1 is generally the weakest quarter of the year, 
we have seen good performance in both these segments likely because of the aggressive 
conferences and promotions and schemes that we have run, which has also impacted the 
bottom line to a certain extent. But in terms of your question regarding the new retail 
businesses, it is still a very early stage, but roughly about 3% of the overall turnover is 
contributed by this new business. 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Dev: 
Okay. 3% to the overall revenue, right, or the readymade garments? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
3% to the overall company revenue. Roughly, this is an approximate number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aryan from Arihant Capital. 
Aryan: 
So my question would be that you said that this year, we are planning to open 35 stores 
throughout India, right? And as of right now, including the ZECODE and the DEVO stores, 
we have opened 26 stores in total. My question would be how the completion of opening and 
establishing these 7 stores will affect our revenue and if you are taking on any debt for the 
expansion? Or do we have enough funds to safely proceed with opening of the 7 stores for this 
financial year? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So out of the 35 stores that we had envisaged to open, we have opened about 7 stores in the 
first quarter, and we feel that we will be able to achieve these 35 stores that are planned for the 
whole year. Now the store openings happen in a very gradual manner, and there is a lot of 
subjectivity in how we get possession of the land and how much time it takes to construct the 
stores. So it's quite volatile as to actually when the store opens, so it's very difficult to tell you 
a revenue number. 
 
Earlier, we had indicated a possible revenue of about INR75 crores to INR80 crores from this 
new retail business that will contribute towards this year. And these are very broad guidance 
that we can give, and we would like to stick to that number. Sorry, what was the second 
question that you asked? 
Aryan: 
My second question is... 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Yes, you spoke about debt. 
Aryan: 
Yes, are we going to take on any debt for the establishment of these stores? Or do we have 
enough funds to proceed the way we are carrying on? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So we believe that the free cash flow that - the company has been generating consistently for 
the last few years is sufficient to fund this growth in the retail business. And we have seen that 
last year, and we continue to believe that, that will be the position this year. 
Aryan: 
Okay. So keeping all these things in mind, it is safe to assume that by the end of this year, you 
are planning to achieve the 35 stores or things might fluctuate? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
See 35 stores, they are not all signed. We have signed a few. We are in process of signing 
some, so we are hopeful that we will achieve this number. And we can give you a more 
updated every quarterwhere we have reached. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Gupta from RG Investments. 
Vikas Gupta: 
Yes, so my first question is, given the ongoing trade dynamics between India and United 
States, do you see the 25% tariff implementation? What impact do you foresee on your 
sourcing, supply chain costs and pricing strategies? 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So in terms of the India-U.S. tariffs, we are still awaiting the final notifications and official 
communications as to what the final percentages would be, and we'll only be in a position to 
comment once that is established completely. However, if you look at our business, then trade 
with U.S. is a very small percentage of our overall export business. So I mean it remains to be 
seen how tariff impacts the overall country because we don't have exact notifications as yet. 
Vikas Gupta: 
Understood, sir. And my further question is about the revenue guidance. Could you guide us 
for the upcoming quarter? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
We generally stay away from giving quarterly guidance. We have always been giving an 
annual guidance because of the seasonality and nature of business and how festivities move 
around. Diwali, this time is a little earlier. So it's difficult to give quarterly guidance and 
annual guidance that we always give is with the new business involved now, about 10% to 
12% kind of growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Just a couple of questions. So when you mentioned that we are expecting around INR70 
crores, INR80 crores kind of top line this year from the new businesses; typically, what kind of 
inventory turn you assume? And my second question is, if you can elaborate broadly in Q1, 
let's say, how much we are losing in the retail business? Or if you can mention at store level, 
let's say, 7 stores we have opened this quarter. But let's say, by Q4, we were having 19 stores, 
so how many of that would be profitable at the store level? If you can mention something on 
that front? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Okay. So your first question was regarding the inventory turn. I think it is a little early to talk 
about that because not even 1 store has seen 12 months of sale. So the biggest time of sale, we 
assume is to come in the festive period, and most of these shops opened just close to or after 
Diwali last year, some of the shops that we started.  
So we are looking at these numbers because they're very dynamic in nature and we're waiting 
for the stores to mature and we're doing everything on ground that is possible to get 
operational efficiencies in place. So it's a little premature to talk about inventory turn. 
 
Again, you asked about the 19 stores that we opened till March last year. So every store has a 
different behavior and a different size of store, the different location of each store. So each 
store behaves differently. It is immature to give early numbers like this.  
But in our initial assumption, we had estimated about 15 to 18 months of EBITDA level of a 
store, we would like to stick with that. We have seen some stores that have performed better 
than the others, but they are still very early numbers, and we would like to have some more 
time to be able to give proper guidance. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And let's say, in terms of your own expectation, how it's been performing? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So in terms of our expectation at a qualitative level, see, retail is a new business for us. And 
both these sectors are also very new for us. We have built strong teams and have been able to 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
achieve mine to market very, very quickly in both these industries. So if we stand today, we 
are very satisfied with what we have achieved. So we want to achieve much more. There is a 
lot of work to be done operationally, which we are doing on a day-to-day basis. We are 
opening stores. 
 
But more than that, we are looking at the existing stores and trying to make them operationally 
run better. So where we are, we are very satisfied. Consumer response has been very positive. 
So in all those parameters, we are qualitatively very satisfied, but there is lots of work to be 
done, and we are cognizant of that fact. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And last question from my side. It's been I think 2, 3 quarters we have announced that 
preferential issue, so any guidelines by when we can conclude that? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So the latest update on that because it was a long regulatory procedure. So we have received 
approvals from the stock exchanges and SEBI. And now the next procedure is that we are 
filing the application with NCLT, post which we will be able to give further updates. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. So do you expect it to conclude in this year? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
We are hopeful that within this financial year, we will be able to complete the process. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Mishra from SK Ventures. 
Varun Mishra: 
I had a couple of questions from my end. So like could you share in some key performance 
metrics on like ZECODE and DEVO, like specifically, what are the total square foot currently 
in operations? And how are we performing in terms of sales per stores and sales per square 
foot? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So total square foot for both these retail put together is roughly about 1.25 lakh square feet that 
we operate as of June end. In terms of the numbers per square feet, I think, it is very, very 
early to look at revenue per square feet. It is a function of time and maturity of a store. We are 
not only a new store, but also a new brand.  
So once the brand gets some recognition with over time and even the stores mature, then these 
numbers we see gradually moving up. The festive season is in front of us, so we are very 
excited about how we perform during that time. So I think that it is a little premature to talk 
about those numbers. 
Varun Mishra: 
All right. And the stores like which we have opened as of now, so what has been the footfall, 
like if we wanted to rate it, where are the regions which have seen the highest footfall as of 
now? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So it's difficult to rate because every market is different and every store is different. Timing of 
the store opening also has been very different. So I mean, we are still in very, very early days 
of this business. I think that in ZECODE, we are seeing a trend of the larger stores that we 
opened I'm not just talking about footfall, but I'm talking about an overall operational 
performance. 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
 
In the larger stores we have been able to display our product better, merchandise them in a 
much better way and have been able to create a better consumer ambience. And therefore, we 
feel that these larger size stores have performed better. And going forward, we want to focus 
more on that segment. So these are some kind of indications, but giving numbers is a little 
premature at this stage. 
Varun Mishra: 
All right, sir. Anything, sir, like have we seen any traction in terms of online orders? Like 
except for the stores, if we are willing to have a B2C market, like is there any traction in terms 
of the online direct B2C? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
At the moment, for these ZECODE and DEVO, we have not initiated the online channel as yet. 
We are in process of just starting these stores and getting them operationally efficient, and that 
is where our focus is right now. So we haven't initiated that as yet. 
Varun Mishra: 
Okay. All right. And sir, the stores like which we have opened in this quarter, so are these 
consistent with the size and like as per the expectations like what we had previously in the 
quarter? So are there any adjustments to that? Or are we in line with that? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So in ZECODE, particularly, we tried out with 2 sizes of stores. One was the 4,000 to 5,000, 
6,000 square feet, and there was a larger size that was between 6,000 to 10,000 square feet. 
And the stores that we opened in this quarter and increasingly going forward, we feel, as I 
mentioned, that the larger size stores are yielding better results in terms of consumer 
experience and in terms of how we are able to display our merchandise. So they have been all 
in the 6,000 to 10,000 square foot range. 
Varun Mishra: 
All right, sir. And I had a final question regarding the financials. So like we have been seeing 
revenue growth in double digits whereas the EBITDA and the PAT margins have been 
declining, I know like this is the weakest quarter amongst the full year, so like can we see this 
improving? If anything like you would add on? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
I think that looking at a quarter performance in our business since it's seasonal is not very 
accurate. We would like to stick to our original guidance for the whole year. So in terms of 
that, I don't see any difference. And I see that we are putting all efforts to match that guidance, 
and we continue to believe in that guidance. 
Varun Mishra: 
Sir,  I'm sorry, I joined a bit late. Anything that you would suggest the guidance for the entire 
year? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So including the new business, our overall revenue guidance is about 10% to 12%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Apoorv, an Individual Investor. 
Apoorv: 
Sir, I just want to understand, according to you, which brand is doing better, DEVO or 
ZECODE? And which brand would be able to breakeven faster? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
I think it's very difficult to compare 2 brands like this. Both brands are in different industries 
with different markets, with different seasons, and they are completely different from each 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
other. So I don't think that that is how we're looking at it. For us, both these brands are 
important, and they have their own journey. And we're looking at both of them independently. 
There are separate teams working on them. So I don't think it's right for us to compare one 
with the other. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
I just wanted to understand how was the demand in the quarter? And how is it shaping up? 
Like is this a good demand year for the wedding season, and how is it playing out? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Generally, quarter 1 is the weakest quarter, and we have seen that kind of demand  sentiment 
in the first quarter. But with interactions with our dealers and the market that we have done, 
since Diwali is a little earlier, we have started interacting much earlier, and we see a strong 
demand going forward, and we hope for the kind of estimate that we have given. We see 
consumer sentiment picking up. So the next 6 months should be better than what we had last 
year. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Given the 26% growth in the first quarter, do you think this 10% growth target that 
you've given is conservative? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
Yes, we are stuck to our original guidance. This 20% growth you are seeing is on a very small 
base, whereas we are giving an overall guidance for the whole year, and it is too early to 
change that guidance. We will continue to work towards the guidance and better it if the 
opportunity arises. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is on readymade garments business. Given the aggressive 
expansion that you were planning in the business, where do you see the business reaching in 
the next 2 to 3 years? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So we have not really established kind of a number that we want to reach or we are estimating 
a certain percentage contribution. What is obvious is that ZECODE and DEVO, both are going 
to expand. And if we are able to do this operationally right as we hope to do, then the 
percentage contribution to revenue from Apparel will increase, and that will become a more 
significant proportion of the business than it is today. So that is what we are hoping at. We're 
not looking at a particular number because we are looking at it quarter-on-quarter, year-by-
year and right now working on the ground with making this business sustainable for us. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And right now, in apparel business, you have only these 2 brands or there are other 
brands as well, which are driving for growth? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So the core business of fabric and apparel, they have the traditional brands that we used to run, 
but those brands are running in the traditional distribution channel or direct to multi-brand 
retail channel. So those brands still exist but they are only focused on through the channel 
business. These 2 brands that we have started, ZECODE and DEVO, they are direct retail 
company-owned shops at the moment. So thebrand is servicing direct to consumer. There is no 
middleman involved in terms of a channel. 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay, okay. And you're looking forward to establish this brand on e-commerce and quick 
commerce and all these platforms as well? Or right now is focusing on physical distribution? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
At this moment, in ZECODE and DEVO, we are looking at these stores that we have opened, 
we have a target of opening more stores in this year, and that is our current focus. Maybe e-
commerce and all those things we can consider a little later on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Patel from RK Securities. 
Raj Patel: 
So I have just 2 quick questions. So first one is, since it's getting harder to open a lot of new 
store quickly, so how are you changing your plans to focus more on improving the 
performance of the stores you already have? And what steps are you going to take to make 
sure that those stores are doing well and helping the business growth instead of just relying on 
the new ones? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
So the stores that we have are also not even 12 months old. We started opening the end of 
October last year, so they've opened in a phase-wise manner since then. So even the old stores 
that we have are very new in that sense, and they have not been matured. So there is a lot of 
potential to grow even in those stores.  
As the season progresses, as the festive season comes in, we hope to perform much better in 
those stores than we have been doing. And the stores also gain popularity, and we are able to 
create awareness of those stores and these brands that we have launched. And these new stores 
that we want to open, we have signed a few and we remain committed to the target of 35 for 
the whole year. 
Raj Patel: 
Okay. And my next question was, what steps is Siyaram taking to strengthen its presence in 
omnichannel base? And are there any specific strategy or initiative being implemented to 
integrate online and off-line channels effectively and enhance the customers' experience? 
Gaurav Poddar: 
I believe this question relates more to the retail business that we have started and because the 
traditional business is largely through trade distribution channels. In terms of the new business, 
where we are directly in our own stores, omni-channel is a segment that we have not yet 
looked at the moment.  
As you asked in your first question, the stores that we've already opened to get them at an 
operational level that we are satisfied with as well as opening these new stores that we have 
targeted. So that is the immediate focus for us. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Mamta Nehra for the closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Mamta Nehra: 
Thank you. I would like to thank the management for taking the time out for this conference 
call today and also thanks to all the participants. If you have any queries, please feel to contact 
us. We are MUFG, Investor Relations Advisor to Siyaram Silk Mills Limited. Thank you so 
much. 

 
 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Siyaram Silk Mills Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
