 
                                                                                                               August 12, 2025 
To,                                 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: APOLLOPIPE 
 
Department of Corporate Services/Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
SCRIP Code: 531761 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call  
 
With reference to our intimation dated July 31, 2025 regarding the Conference Call, which was 
held on Friday, August 08, 2025 and pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
This above information is also available on the website of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
  
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Apollo Pipes Limited 
 
 
 
 
Gourab Kumar Nayak 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
GOURAB 
KUMAR 
NAYAK
Digitally signed by 
GOURAB KUMAR 
NAYAK 
Date: 2025.08.12 
17:14:09 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Apollo Pipes Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMEER GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, APOLLO PIPES LIMITED 
MR. ARUN AGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
APOLLO PIPES LIMITED 
MR. AJAY KUMAR JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
APOLLO PIPES LIMITED 
MR. ANUBHAV GUPTA – GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY 
OFFICER, APOLLO PIPES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ANSHIKA PATNAIK – SYSTEMATIX INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Apollo Pipes Limited hosted by Systematix Institutional Equities. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Anshika Patnaik from Systematix Institutional Equities. 
Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Anshika Patnaik: 
Thank you. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, we welcome you all to the Q1 FY '26 
Conference Call of Apollo Pipes Limited. 
From the Management side, we have Mr. Sameer Gupta - Chairman and Managing Director; 
Mr. Arun Agarwal - Joint Managing Director; Mr. Ajay Kumar Jain - Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Anubhav Gupta - Group Chief Strategy Officer. 
I will now hand over the call to CMD sir, Mr. Sameer Gupta for ‘Opening Remarks’. Over to 
you, sir. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Sameer Gupta - CMD of Apollo Pipes. I have 
joined today with Mr. Arun Agarwal – JMD; Mr. Ajay Kumar Jain - CFO, and Mr. Anubhav 
Gupta - Group CSO. I would like to extend a warm welcome to all of you to our Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Call. 
As I shared in our previous interactions, FY '25 was one of the most challenging years for the 
PVC pipe industry. The sector faced significant headwinds due to weak end-user demand and 
heightened volatility in raw material prices. Unfortunately, these pressures continued for the 1st 
quarter of FY '26. The sector was impacted primarily due to breakdown in both the private real 
estate sector and government infrastructure spendings. 
On top of this, the frequent and sharp fluctuation in PVC resin prices triggered cautious behavior 
and continuous destocking by our channel partners. As a result, Apollo Pipes experienced a flat 
year-on-year performance in consolidated sales volume, and our margins were under pressure 
due to low capacity utilization and heightened competition across the sector. Despite this, we 
remain focused on our long-term growth strategy and are actively executing a four-pronged 
strategy to navigate the current environment. 
1. 
Product Portfolio Expansion – Recently, we expanded our product range with the addition 
of PLB ducts, DWC pipes, PE gas pipes, and PVC-O pipes in the piping segment. In 
addition, we have forayed into the UPVC doors and windows category, further 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
strengthening our presence in the building material space. These strategic additions aligned 
with our vision to diversify into adjacent high-growth sectors and cater to the evolving 
needs of the infrastructure, real estate, and utility sectors. Each of these products is expected 
to offer endurability, replacing conventional materials, and opening up new market 
opportunities for Apollo Pipes. 
2. 
Improving Product Mix – We are increasing our product focus on CPVC pipes, which is 
currently contributing to 15% of our volume. We are in advanced discussions with a leading 
raw material supplier to create a joint pitch and strengthen our presence in this high-margin 
category. 
3. 
West India Plant Ramp-Up – With over one year of integration, our West India facility 
acquired last year is now seeing a steady ramp-up in production. This plant is playing a key 
role in catering to the demand in Western India. 
4. 
East India Expansion – Our new plant in Varanasi is on track and is expected to 
commence operations in the coming months. This will significantly strengthen our presence 
in the Eastern Indian market. 
5. 
On the capital expenditure front – we continue to invest in building long-term capacity. 
We incurred a CAPEX of Rs. 70 crores in Q1, following a spend of Rs. 166 crores in FY 
'25. We remain committed to expanding our total installed capacity to 2,86,000 tons over 
the next 2 years, without adding any debt to our books. Our working capital cycle has 
remained disciplined at 38 days and we anticipate further improvement as operational 
efficiency scales up. 
Looking ahead, we expect a more favorable demand environment starting from September 
onwards as construction activities are likely to resume post-monsoon. Additionally, increased 
government spending on infrastructure projects should also boost liquidity and improve cash 
flows across the ecosystem. 
That concludes our opening remarks. Now we are glad to take questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press star and 1 on their touchtone phone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press star and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets 
while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the questions 
are being assembled. The first question is from the line of Aryaman Agarwal from Money Stories 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Aryaman Agarwal: 
So, in the coming year, I was wondering how the volume would pick up in the PVC industry, 
look like the previous year was dull for the industry and how do you expect the competition to 
be? 
Moderator: 
Sir, your voice is not audible properly. Can you just please use headset. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Aryaman Agarwal: 
Is this better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Go ahead. Thank you. 
Aryaman Agarwal: 
In the coming year, how would the volumes for PVC industry pick up, look like the previous 
year was dull for the industry and how do you expect the competition to be? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Hi, Aryaman, good afternoon. This is Anubhav here. So, if you look at FY '26, how it is panning 
out, Q1 was obviously, I would say, pretty much washed out. April started on a good note. It did 
continue in May, but then by the time June came because of the onset of early monsoons, the 
quarter got washed out. And on Y-o-Y basis, our volume is lower by 4% on console basis. As 
we are into the current quarter, July-August, things are slightly better than Q1, assuming that 
since monsoon came early, it will go early as well. And we are already seeing that some of the 
construction sites are being cleared up, which were stuck because of heavy monsoon in the last 
60 days. So, by the end of August, early September, monsoon should go as well, which will open 
up the construction sector in a big way. So, Q2 should be better than Q1 in that sense. 
But I think one of the biggest challenges what we are seeing is the overall slowdown in the 
government spends towards the infrastructure. And this we are witnessing across product 
verticals, not only in plumbing, but also construction material as a sector, if we look from a 
macro perspective. When we look at the quarter 1 results from cement, tiles, structural steel 
pipes, plywood, like all those sectors, so everyone is facing the heat of slowdown in the 
government spending. So, FY '26, how we perform or this sector performs in second half, it will 
depend a lot on how government spending picks up, which right now is not visible to the great 
extent. But yes, government has a lot of commitments towards the large infrastructure projects. 
Some of the sectors, which are critical, they are on priority list. So, we assume that at some point 
of time, government spends should kick start. And that is when the whole construction material 
sector, including plumbing pipes, would see a massive improvement, which has been lagging 
for last now continuously 18-20 months. 
But at macro level, we are having a lot of levers. Macro is one, but at macro level, the new 
product introduction, for example, window profiles, which we launched last month. So, we are 
seeing a good pipeline building up for that segment. And in the next 18 months, we will see good 
ramp up. And quarter-on-quarter, you will see the contribution from this product line, adding up 
to our overall top-line. Then, what we have done is to boost our product mix in terms of CPVC 
contribution, which has been stagnant at around 15%-16% for the last 2-3 years, we have tied 
up with one of the largest raw material manufacturers of CPVC resin, wherein we are going to 
co-market the product. And that supplier is already approved with a lot of real estate developers 
and large projects. So, benefits are already visible that our CPVC sales are growing by a high 
double digit already. This agreement was signed in July and it is already visible. So, CPVC will 
contribute a lot in the coming months. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Then OPVC, where we invested heavily last year in anticipation of good demand coming from 
replacement of DI pipes. So, that has started, but because it is dependent on government spends, 
which right now are a bit subdued. But the good part, what the industry is doing is at least like 
all the participants are going and making representations in front of the government authorities 
that you should approve OPVC over the traditional conventional product. And we are seeing 
good traction, good adoption from the government agencies. So, whenever state governments 
get funds to resume their water infrastructure improvement projects, we will see good demand 
from OPVC sector. Now, this starts in Q3-Q4. It will depend on how government funds come 
up. 
Then, we have added 2-3 new product lines like duct pipes, DWC pipes and gas fitting pipes. 
The idea is to test the waters in these product categories, make small investments and whichever 
product picks up, we increase the capacity and take it to the next level. So, we assume, we are 
confident that these small segments will start contributing meaningfully over the next few 
quarters. And other than that, we have our Varanasi plant, which will start towards end of this 
calendar year. It is a big plant in terms of the universe it is going to cater to, East India. We have 
been absent from that market. 
A lot of new construction infrastructure spends are coming up in Eastern Uttar Pradesh and 
Bihar-Jharkhand belt. So, that will give additional volumes. And now, Kisan has been almost 15 
months into our possession, 14 months to be precise. And we have fixed a lot of problems there. 
One was, of course, the investment what we made. But then other than that, the supply chain, 
the distribution network, a lot of issues, what the company was grappling for the last 10-12 years, 
we fixed those issues in the last 13-14 months. So, we will start seeing the results as soon as we 
see some pickup in the end demand, right? So, we have a lot of levers, Aryaman. So, we believe 
that for FY '26, we should be growing at double-digit in terms of volume. Now, whether it is 
low double-digit, mid double-digit, I think things will be more clear how quarter 2 pans out. 
Aryaman Agarwal: 
Nice to hear that we have so many macro-level levers to help with the macro scenario. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Thanks, Aryaman. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sujit D Patil from iSight Fine Trade Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sujit D Patil: 
Yes, good afternoon to the Apollo Pipes team. And my question is specifically to Mr. Anubhav 
Gupta. Is Mr. Anubhav Gupta online? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Sujit D Patil: 
Yes, sir. So, I have a telescopic question for you. Going ahead, looking forward, how is Apollo 
Pipes planning to expand its footprint into housing and infrastructure? And are you planning to 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
integrate smart metering, IoT-enabled plumbing systems, or recycled polymer solutions into 
your product roadmap in the next 5-10 years? And do you think this could possibly help Apollo 
Pipes position itself as a sustainability-driven leader in the next-gen water management? Yes, 
thank you. That was my question. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Hi Sujit. Good afternoon. So, see, if you look at our housing segment today, right, it contributes 
around 60% to our overall revenue, which used to be like 40% 5 years back. Then it moved to 
45%-50% 2-3 years ago. And now, today, it is at 60%. And as all the new products we have 
added to our portfolio, this mix will keep on improving towards housing segment, right. So, 
eventually, it should settle at around 70% or 75% in next 3-4 years. Now, this smart metering, 
yes, we are hearing a lot of noise, right, from the government side. So, we are evaluating this 
segment already. But nothing concrete is on drawing board as of now. Maybe in next 3-4 months, 
we will be in position to tell you that how this segment is going to pan out, what are the 
government commitments to focus on this segment, because what we have seen is that, unless 
there is a mega push from the government side, to encourage household owners to go for smart 
metering, etc., things will not move, right. We saw that in the electrical side as well, correct? So, 
we are being alert, right, we are alert how industry is going to shape up in terms smart metering. 
Next 5-10 years, yes, definitely, it may become a significant portion of the housing plumbing 
industry in India. But time is not right as of now. But we are keeping our ears on the ground 
what is happening there. 
Sujit D Patil: 
Great. Thank you very much. So, just confirming again, integrating smart plumbing systems is 
in the cards of Apollo Pipes down the line, yes? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Definitely, yes. And we are talking to some international players also that if at all there is a 
demand in India, we should be ready with the technology. 
Sujit D Patil: 
Great. Thank you for the insight and best of luck for all your future endeavors. Thank you very 
much. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Kumar from Choice Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Kumar: 
Hello. First of all, what is the CPVC contribution going ahead for 15%? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Bharat, can you please repeat your question? 
Bharat Kumar: 
Yes, one second. What is the CPVC contribution going ahead like current 15%? 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So, with all the efforts what we are putting in to boost our CPVC sales, we are highly confident 
that the contribution will improve above 20% in next 1-2 years versus 15% today. 
Bharat Kumar: 
Fine. Thank you. That is it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from Yes Securities Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Yes. Hi, team. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking up my question. Can you please explain 
in Apollo Pipes on a standalone basis, though we have maintained the volumes Y-on-Y, but that 
realization has taken a sharp knock. So, is it purely because of resin or would you like to 
elaborate more on the competitive intensity, please? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So, there are both factors. Yes, one is that reason is down by Rs. 2-Rs. 3 a kilo if you look at like 
1st April versus 30th June, so some decline in the NSR definitely because of low resin prices. 
And yes, the competitive intensity is high at the moment because demand is sluggish and each 
of the PVC pipe companies has increased the capacities in last 2-3 years. So, there is a pressure 
on all of us as a sector to ramp up the capacity. So, we are seeing that players’ right from the top 
leader to mid-Tier or the low-Tier, right, people are going very aggressive on reducing the selling 
prices just in order to fill their capacities. So, yes, it is a mix of both the factors. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Going ahead with this postponement in ADD and whatever the BIS thing, which is expected 
only from Q3, how do you see specifically the standalone or Apollo Pipes realization moving 
for the year and so on? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So, I guess, see, in NSR, we don’t give too much weightage which is related to the increase or 
decrease in the PVC prices because that is not in our control at all, right? So, if you look at our 
EBITDA spreads also, we try to protect our EBITDA spreads in terms of rupees per ton or rupees 
per kg, correct? So, no comments on like how NSR would appear with the movement in the PVC 
prices. But we do believe that in next 2-3 months once the end demand picks up, the aggression 
which is being shown by each of the PVC pipe companies shall narrow down a bit, right. And 
at industry level, the selling prices, the NSR should inch up. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Got it. And in terms of your product mix for the quarter or for the year, what would be the agri, 
non-agri mix if you can help with that? That is it from my end? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes. So, 60% is housing, 40% is agri. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
For this quarter, right? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes, for Q1, yes. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Thank you, Anubhav. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sneha from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Sneha: 
Hi. Good afternoon team and thanks a lot for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions here. 
Given there is current weakness in demand and of course, we are hopeful of government 
spending picking up and things improving, would you like to give some guidance for this year 
in terms of volume growth, both Kisan and Apollo put together along with some margins 
improvement? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Sneha, we did mention that we are looking for double-digit growth, definitely, now in terms of 
volume. This is like low double-digit, mid double-digit. We will be clear that how Q2 pans out, 
right. And what we can tell you is that we are ready for high double-digit growth, also correct 
for the rest of the 8 months. But yes, a lot will depend on how macro pans out. But worst case, 
we would be growing our sales volume by double-digit, low to mid double-digit. 
Sneha: 
And what about the margins? Where do you see margins going? Because of course, we have 
been speaking about going to double-digit margins also, but even this particular quarter, margin 
seems to be slightly on the subdued side. Of course, there is competition, there is PVC price 
pressure. But given let us say, once ADD is there into place, what could a margin trajectory look 
like? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So, in our business model, we don’t look at percentage basis, we look at rupees per ton. If you 
look at Apollo Pipes on standalone basis, it is at around Rs. 9,000 a ton and Kisan is at Rs. 4,000 
a ton in Q1. Definitely, once the capacities are utilized further from Q1 levels, Apollo will go 
towards Rs. 10,000-Rs. 11,000 a ton, which we have been present at this level for many quarters 
now. So, we can hit Rs. 11,000 per ton in pipes standalone and Kisan has a lot of room to 
improve. We are just waiting for sales pick-up, revenue pick-up. Whenever it happens, Kisan 
will immediately jump towards Rs. 7,000-Rs. 8,000 a ton. 
Sneha: 
Understood. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yog Rajani from Omega Portfolio Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Yog Rajani: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. So, I have two questions. First being about the sales volume. 
So, while we had a slightly negative sales volume Y-o-Y, other PVC players have done, what 
do you say, flattish to positive growth. So, is there a reason why our company has, what do you 
say, de-grown slightly? Is it geography specific or is it just general overall? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So, Yog, if you look at the mild sales volume, which our competitors have delivered, you would 
also see that their margin in terms of rupees per kg, that has also fallen very sharply. So, it is 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
clearly visible that the competitors are reducing their NSR and compromising on margins way 
too much to demonstrate or to try to gain sales volume growth. So, which we at some point 
stopped, because we are sure that so one is that our fixed costs are under control. It is not that 
we have too much of high fixed costs, so that we have to push our volumes way too much, where 
we keep on compromising on our selling price and margins. Second is that we are not losing 
confidence in the growth prospects of this industry. It is just a kind of, I would say, a weak, bad 
phase, which will go away, because this stress in the industry and players are selling below their 
cost, those smaller, weaker players will vanish and then with the demand coming back, the 
supply would be trimmed. So, good days have to come back, they have to return, which we are 
hopeful should happen from Q3 onwards. So, we are not too much bothered or concerned about 
having mild volume growth and further compromise our spreads. 
Yog Rajani: 
Fair enough, because historically, we have always gained market share. So, along those lines, I 
wanted to understand what is our market share today? And what is our goal for market share a 
couple of years later? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Right. So, see, with the revenue run rate, what we are having today is around Rs. 1,200-Rs. 1,300 
crores on a full year basis. And the industry should be like around Rs. 40,000-Rs. 45,000 crores. 
So, that way, our market share is around 2.5%-3%, Yog. 
Yog Rajani: 
And what would we be expecting as a market share, say, 5 years later or 3 years later? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Right. So, see, the capacity is what we have put in of almost 286,000 tons. Right now, it is 
220,000-230,000, but eventually, it will move to 286,000 tons in the next one to one and a half 
years. Now, that will give us a revenue of around Rs. 3,000 crores, Yog. And the industry may, 
and we expect that to achieve in next 3-4 years. Of course, it keeps on like getting extended 
because macro hasn’t supported us at all. So, at Rs. 3,000 crore revenue with the industry size 
of like Rs. 50,000 crores, let us assume, right, our market share should be like 5%. 
Yog Rajani: 
Brilliant. Another question about the conversion of warrants. Could you give us some color 
about what has been happening regarding that? Has more money been taken by the company 
from the warrants? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes, right. So, we did issue warrants last quarter, right, to an Oman-based fund, Kitara Capital. 
The total investment is Rs. 110 crores, 25% money came last quarter, right. The idea is to, 
because these are tough times, but we have been into hyper CAPEX mode, Yog. And we want 
to continue to build capacities for new products to cater into new geographies. Since earnings 
are slow, so cash flow generation is also slow, correct. So, we want to ensure that our balance 
sheet doesn't get stretched at any level to fund this CAPEX. So, we are happy to raise capital 
and fund this CAPEX because we know that whenever industry will turn around, the revenue, 
we would sweat like, these assets are 2.5-3x, which is the average for this industry. Our return 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
profile, like including ROE, it will boost a lot, right. But we don't want to strain our balance 
sheet at any given point of time. 
Yog Rajani: 
Yes, I fully agree. We wanted to understand the quantum that has been achieved and what is left 
outstanding and when we would see that if you could just give that breakup? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So, I told you, Rs. 110 crores is the total investment commitments, right. 25% came in last 
quarter, rest 75% will come in within next 18 months. 
Yog Rajani: 
All right. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit Gupta from Fair Value Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Hello. 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt. Your voice is not clear. Sir, your voice is not audible properly. Hello. 
Sir, I just request you to rejoin the queue again. The next question is from the line of Sneha from 
Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Sneha: 
Hi, team. Thanks a lot for the follow-up opportunity. I just wanted to deep dive a bit into your 
CAPEX. You have been into the CAPEX mode for quite some time now. What is the CAPEX 
which is likely to get completed this particular year? And with the total gross block, where can 
you see your topline? And similarly, the second part of the question would be, you have been 
mentioning about higher competitive intensity, which is leading to, of course the volumes not 
being achieved for a while now. I just wanted to understand when do you see this competitive 
intensity easing out? You also mentioned that smaller players will die down. Are you seeing any 
of these activities actually happening on the ground? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Thanks, Sneha. So, coming to the first part, which is for the CAPEX commitments we have, 
right, so today we are at a capacity of around 230,000 tons, right? And in our current business 
plan, we will take it to 285,000 tons. Now, the residual CAPEX to achieve this is around Rs. 100 
crores. In Q1, we already spent Rs. 68-Rs. 69 crores, correct? And in rest of 3 quarters, we should 
be another Rs. 70-Rs. 80 crores. And when we enter into FY '26, some residual Rs. 30-Rs. 40 
crore may be left over. So, one is that. And then once industry gets, like in a better mode, which 
we expect, say, next 6-9 months, then we will take a call to see if we have to go for a Greenfield 
plant in South India, which is definitely in our wish list. But time is not right for now. And it 
may require another Rs. 150-Rs. 200 crores kind of investment whenever we think about it. But 
nothing on drawing board as of now. And that will be funded from internal cash flows. You have 
seen that our working capital is getting better year-on-year. Right now, we are at 35-40 days. 
This will go towards 30 days of cycle, maybe by end of FY '26 or first half of FY '27 and it 
should remain between 25-30 days at a sustainable rate going forward. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Sneha: 
Anubhav, what I actually want to understand is, when I was asking about the competitive 
intensity and the CAPEX, what I understand is we are already operating at about 45%-50% 
utilization that means there is an immense scope of improvement here. While that being there, 
we are further adding capacity. Is actually, like, the demand a problem or competitive intensity 
is a problem? Because if competitive intensity is a problem, properly, do we have an answer to 
when it gets easier to when are we likely to utilize this capacity? That is a broader question I am 
just trying to ask? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Sure. Sneha, see, both are linked, right? Why there is hyper competition in the industry today? 
Because demand has slowed down. And second, in last 4-5 years, a lot of capacity came up, 
correct. So, what had happened was that after COVID, next 2-3 years, like from 2020 to 2023, 
those 3 years, the demand was very strong, especially in the PVC plumbing sector. Plus, I agree, 
because government had a lot of push on the infrastructure, which boosted sales for HDP pipes, 
etc. Housing plumbing, you yourself know that after COVID, the home improvement segment 
in India, it started doing pretty well. So, each construction material performed pretty well, 
including PVC pipes. And then there was increase in PVC resin from Rs. 70-Rs. 80 a kilo, it 
moved to Rs. 170-Rs. 180 a kilo, right? So, during that time, all the players thought that this 
golden period would continue, and in anticipation, they increased their capacities, right. The top 
players were having strong balance sheets. So, the capacities came without that. Smaller players, 
they had smaller balance sheets, so they leveraged and put up the capacity. Now, last 2 years 
have been bad in terms of demand, right? And it has increased the competitive intensity now. 
Demand is less, and the supply is more. So, each player wants to fill its capacity, correct? And 
that is why this decline in the EBITDA spreads for the companies in last 7-8 quarters, you would 
see, right, including the leaders. But what happens is that we are at a time when companies, like 
organized players, top 7-8 companies are operating with margins, which was like 5%-6% lower 
than what they were operating 2 years ago, 3 years ago, correct? So, players who were operating 
at 7%-8% margin, now they are operating at like, they are barely breaking even. So, at some 
point of time, those players will go away, correct. And yes, we are already seeing a lot of deals 
on the table, correct, like weaker players, capacities coming for sale. Every day, every week, a 
banker would show us a deal, right. So, definitely, there is a lot of stress, right? I think it is just 
a matter of a few quarters that we will see a lot of cleanups in the sector. And after that gets 
cleared up, we will be like, a few of the large ones and strong medium ones who will be again 
controlling the market. So, till that time, the pain may continue. But yes, at some point, it will 
reverse for sure. 
Sneha: 
That was quite helpful. Thanks, Anubhav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit Gupta from Fair Value Capital. Please 
go ahead. Sir, your voice is still breaking. You just go ahead with the question. Hello, can you 
just go with your question, please, again? 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Sorry, I have been trying to talk, but there is an issue. 
Moderator: 
No, it is fine, sir. It is a little bit fine. No, sir, we can't hear you properly. No, sir, we can't hear 
you properly. We can't get your question, what you are asking. Sir, you can disconnect the call 
and again rejoin the call. The next question is from the line of Karan B from AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan B: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. How do you see the ROCE calculation now assuming 
that PVC prices move up by Rs. 5-Rs. 6, even if any of these 1 BIS or ADD come through by 
the year-end? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yes. So, Karan, see, ROCE is something what we see, right? Optically, it is like very low and 
very concerning for us, right? But one thing, what makes us confident that at least we are on the 
right track, to achieve the desired ROCE levels, upward of like above 20%, which we have 
always maintained. So, why it is low today is that we have invested almost like Rs. 800 crores 
in gross block today and Rs. 200 crores is our working capital. So, Rs. 1,000 crore is what our 
capital employed today, near about. And it is generating revenue of around Rs. 1,200-Rs. 1,300 
crores with EBITDA of Rs. 90- Rs. 100 crores. So, that is why it appears low, single digit. But 
this Rs. 1,000 crores of this capital employed, it can generate Rs. 2,500-Rs. 3,000 crores kind of 
revenue, right? And Rs. 250-Rs. 300 crore kind of EBITDA, right? At same capital employed, 
hardly Rs. 100-Rs. 150 crores will be further invested from here on to achieve that Rs. 2,500-
Rs. 3,000 crores of revenue. So, it happens in 2 years, 3 years, right and then you will see that 
improvement in ROCE, which will be very sharp from Rs. 1,200, we go to Rs. 1,400-Rs. 1,500 
and then Rs. 2,000, Rs. 2,500, Rs. 3,000. So, we can promise you, Karan, that our capital 
employment will not increase to achieve these revenue numbers because we are already heavily 
invested in the business in terms of gross block and working capital will only get better, right, 
in number of days. So, absolute working capital may remain same, even if we grow at 25%-
30%, revenue for the next 3-4 years. 
Karan B: 
And just wanted to understand, Kisan has been delivering very strong gross margins, but it has 
not been translated into operating profits and net profits. So, what is our role, maybe in a year's 
time, how do we plan to have some profitability with the EBITDA and the PAT levels? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So, Karan, like you rightly pointed out that yes, gross spreads in Kisan are very encouraging. 
Now, why it does not translate into better EBITDA spreads, only because of like low capacity 
utilization, right. The company has been in the range of like Rs. 280-Rs. 300 crores kind of 
revenue, right, which it should generate like Rs. 500-Rs. 600 crores. So, that is the capacity 
which is already there. And some of the fixed costs are also aligned as per that. So, it is a matter 
of like a few quarters when we see like its revenue jumping 25%-30% Y-o-Y. You will see that 
translation of better gross spreads are moving down the EBITDA level. 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Karan B: 
And you mentioned a few inorganic opportunities which are there on the table. So, are we 
evaluating that as well? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
No. 
Karan B: 
Because I believe Greenfield capacities will take a year and a year and a half and again 6 months 
to stabilize. So, in case if you feel that PVC prices will kind of move north, so it is better for you 
to have a ready capacity. 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So, it is only South India we are wanting to have a full-fledged plant, Karan, right. We have not 
got any opportunity on that table which mirrors what we want in South India, like full-fledged 
plant, like Kisan in West was mirror of like what we actually wanted a plant in Maharashtra. But 
so far nothing on our table which could mirror what we want in South India. 
Karan B: 
Got it. Thank you. Thank you for the detailed explanation. That is from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Modi from Ashika Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Modi: 
Good afternoon to the team. Sir, could you highlight more on how our order book is panning out 
on the UPVC door and window segment? How has the response been? And secondly, also on 
the newer products that we are looking at, like specially DWC pipes or some of the newer 
products that we are trying to get into, if you could elaborate a little more on that as well? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
Yash, UPVC, we just started the commercial production, right? I mean, 15 days ago, you must 
have looked at our press release. So, right now, we are at a point where we are going and 
aggressively pitching this product to the key stakeholders, which are mainly contractors, real 
estate companies and government agencies. It requires a lot of approvals, right. So, order 
booking is building up, right. For the full year, we should be doing kind of Rs. 50 crores kind of 
revenue from this vertical. But most of this will come in like second half. Q2 will not be a 
significant number. But what we can tell you is that the response, what we are getting from the 
contractors and developers today, we are confident that full year, we should close around Rs. 50 
crores and which will mainly come in the second half. 
Yash Modi: 
Got it. And secondly, on the newer products, especially something like DWC pipe, what is the 
thought process and how are we looking at it going forward? Because the capacity that we had 
initially planned, we would have planned, did we have these newer products in mind or is it 
more of a case of just trying to set our assets more? 
Anubhav Gupta: 
So, we had space available in our plants, right? So, it is just installation of a machine, which 
doesn't require any Greenfield CAPEX. It is more of Brownfield CAPEX. Now, the idea to get 
into these product categories is, of course, diversify our portfolio, right. Some of the products 

 
Apollo Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
are sold through same channel, right? For some products, we need to create new channel like for 
UPVC, for gas pipes, right? We are creating totally new channel. And any product may click, 
right and then we can go big on that. So, that is the idea, right. To keep on introducing new 
products, experimenting with new product lines and have something in our kitty which can 
contribute like 5%-10% to our overall revenue, right. So, that is how we would be achieving 
20%-25% of revenue growth on a long-term basis, Yash. 
Yash Modi: 
Got it. All the best, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question, I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Ajay 
Kumar Jain - Chief Financial Officer for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ajay Kumar Jain: 
Thank you all for taking the time out to join us on this call. I hope we have been able to answer 
all your questions satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know 
more about the company, please feel free to contact our team. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
