 
 
 
Ref: SECT: STOC: 89-25 
July 21, 2025 
 
To 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 519552 
To 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: HERITGFOOD 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on July 18, 2025 - reg. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In Continuation of our letter dated July 7, 2025 the Company had organized a conference call 
with the Investors/Analysts on Friday, July 18, 2025 at 11.00 AM (IST). A copy of Transcript of 
conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same has also 
been available on the Company's Website at www.heritagefoods.in. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and display the same on the website of your exchange.  
 
Thanks & Regards 
 
For HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
 
 
UMAKANTA BARIK 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: FCS-6317 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
Umakanta 
Barik
Digitally signed by 
Umakanta Barik 
Date: 2025.07.21 14:37:53 
+05'30'

 
 
HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
 
Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
 
       
 
               
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mrs. N Brahmani – Executive Director 
Dr. M Sambasiva Rao – Whole Time Director 
Mr. Srideep Kesavan – Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. A Prabhakara Naidu – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. J Samba Murthy – Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Umakanta Barik – Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mr. Upendra Pandey – Chief Executive Officer, Heritage Nutrivet Limited 
 
 
 
INVESTOR RELATIONS REPRESENTATIVE:  
Ms. Garima Singla – GO India Advisors 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Heritage Foods Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Garima Singla. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. 
Singla. 
Garima Singla: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I am Garima Singla, and it's my pleasure to 
welcome you on behalf of Heritage Foods Limited. Thank you for joining us today for 
Quarter 1 Financial Year '26 Earnings Call. This call is being hosted by Go India 
Advisors. Please note that today's discussion may include certain forward-looking 
statements. Therefore, they must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. 
 
Today on the call, we are joined by Mrs. Nara Brahmani, Executive Director; Dr. 
Sambasiva Rao, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Srideep Kesavan, CEO; Mr. A. Prabhakara 
Naidu, CFO; Mr. J. Samba Murthy, COO; Mr. Upendra Pandey, CEO, Heritage 
Nutrivet; and Mr. Umakanta Barik, CS and Compliance Officer. 
 
I now invite Dr. Rao to present the company's business outlook and performance, after 
which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sambasiva Rao: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Heritage Foods steps into 
financial year '26 with renewed energy entering its 34th year. At Heritage, this quarter 
marked the celebration of 33 years of purpose-led growth built on farmer empowerment, 
strong corporate governance and innovation. While quarter 1 was shaped by weather-
related challenges, including an erratic monsoon and an unseasonably cool summer 
across our core markets, we view these are short-term disruptions within an otherwise 
resilient growth trajectory. The core of Heritage remains unchanged. That is a robust 
procurement network, deep consumer trust, strong brand recall and disciplined 
execution. 
 
Despite a muted seasonal start, I'm pleased to share that company delivered its highest 
ever quarterly revenue of INR11,368 million, our third consecutive quarter of double-
digit revenue growth. This performance reflects the strength of the core business and 
agility of our supply chain networks. Early rains temporarily impacted demand for 
value-added products such as curd, butter milk, flavored milk and ice cream. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
However, June brought a clear recovery with volumes rebounding across most of the 
categories. As a result, revenues from value-added products, including ghee and butter 
consumer packs stood at INR4,540 million, growing at 7.4% year-on-year and 
contributing over 40% to the top line. 
 
On the profitability front, EBITDA came in at INR739 million with a 6.5% margin and 
PAT stood at INR405 million with a 3.6% PAT margin. Year-on-year margins were 
softer due to seasonality, input cost inflation and a temporary product mix shift, but are 
expected to normalize in the coming quarters as volume-led operating leverage kicks in. 
 
On the operational side, milk procurement rose 10% year-on-year to 17.8 lakh liters per 
day. supported by quality-linked sourcing from over 300,000 farmers across 9,000-plus 
villages. Milk sales grew at 2.8% year-on-year to 11.6 lakh liters per day with average 
realizations improving to INR56.4 per liter, reflecting strong pricing power and stable 
demand. Over the past year, several strategic actions have laid the foundation for the 
next phase of our growth. 
 
I’ll list out a few. An additional 44%.4% stake was acquired in Heritage Novandie Foods 
Private Limited, increasing the holding of Heritage Foods to 94.4% and ensuring a 
strategic control of the yogurt supply chain. The upcoming greenfield ice cream facility 
expected to be operational by end of calendar year '25 is set to unlock new product and 
market opportunities for us. 
 
360-degree brand campaigns were rolled out across our core states, Andhra Pradesh, 
Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, enhancing visibility and deepening consumer 
engagement. The Heritage Livo Healthy Living platform was introduced with a fortified 
flavored milk range with vitamins A and D and high-protein yogurts targeting the 
growing healthy conscious consumer segment -- health-conscious consumer segment. 
 
Heritage Nutrivet Limited, the Animal Nutrition subsidiary continued its stellar 
performance. Revenue during quarter 1 grew at 26% year-on-year to INR533 million. 
Profit before tax surged to 130% year-on-year to INR67 million. This vertical is quickly 
becoming a strategic differentiator driving farm-side innovation and deepening supplier 
loyalty. Further, Heritage was recognized among India's Best Workplaces in FMCG 
2025 by Great Place to Work Institute, a reflection of our inclusive culture and high-trust 
workplace environment. 
 
Meaningful progress continues on our Vision 2030 road map anchored on four strategic 
pillars: premiumization, digitalization, sustainability and people-first governance. 
Digital-first delivery systems are being deployed. Last mile logistics are being 
strengthened and farmer engagement is deepening, all contributing to a traceable farmer-
first supply chain and long-term sustainability. FY '26 is not just a continuation, but a 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
consolidation phase, aligning strong operating momentum with strategic depth and 
focused execution. 
 
With an expanded portfolio, a strong consumer patronage and an unwavering 
commitment to innovation and farmer empowerment, Heritage is well positioned to 
deliver positive momentum and strengthen its growth trajectory through the rest of the 
financial year '26 and beyond. 
 
A heartfelt thank you to our farmers, consumers, customers, team members, partners and 
shareholders for your continued trust and support. 
 
Now I open the floor for question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Sameer Gupta with India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, firstly, on milk procurement prices, now the feedback in early May was that these 
milk procurement prices are kind of moderating. But in your case, you're not seeing any 
such moderation. And in fact, they are up sequentially. So has anything changed versus 
in the middle of the quarter? Or is it specific to your geographies of procurement and 
outlook going forward? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. Thank you, Sameer, for this question. Nothing has changed actually. The raw milk 
prices had -- I should say that if you look at a year-on-year change, it is just 4.74% a tad 
higher than what we would have liked, but I won't say this is anything extraordinary. 
And usually in quarter 1, in the months of May and June, it goes up a little bit because 
that's actually the peak of the lean season. 
 
If you recall, the raw milk prices had started going up from the month of December. 
December and January, we saw some price increases, then again, a bit of increase in 
April and May. Nothing extraordinary, except that on a similar proportion, we were not 
able to pass on to the consumer because of multiple reasons, which in our opening 
statement, we called out. Number one, due to the mix change, primarily because value-
added products came down-- significantly from what we would have expected. 
 
Second is in certain cases, certain deliberate decisions made to hold prices to drive sales 
volume growth happened  and the mix change. Apart from that, nothing extraordinary 
happened as far as the farm level prices are concerned. It was as expected. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Okay. And just a clarification, the pricing changes are primarily in value-added products 
or liquid milk or both? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
In both, but primarily more in value-added products. We did not change any prices. I 
was just saying that certain deliberate choices to hold price increases to ensure volumes 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
stay strong during the April, May month. This is only the initial period of the quarter 1 
that I'm talking about. By the month of June, all numbers had normalized actually. In 
fact, they were looking pretty strong. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Second question is on fat sales. Now these are up 73% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Typically, this is a quarter where consumption of branded fat is lower -- ghee and butter. 
So -- and just a quantification of the bulk fat sales this quarter. Also, if you can quantify 
the fat losses at a gross margin level? 
J Samba Murthy: 
Bulk fat sale -- So it's about 620 tons we have sold during Q1. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sorry, come again. I didn't get that number? 
J Samba Murthy: 
620 tons of bulk fat -- bulk butter has been sold. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And any value here? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
yes, while we come back on the value, actually, in terms of margins, we actually 
improved. The losses declined by about 6 percentage on a- year-on-year basis  
J Samba Murthy: 
Yes. Bulk fat, so the revenue is about INR36 crores. 
Sameer Gupta:  
Okay. Got it. And just if you can also quantify the loss amount. I understand it has 
declined by 6%, but what is it? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
The total loss in fat is about INR8.5 crores. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And this is at a gross margin level, you're saying? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
No, these are all PBT level numbers we are talking about. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Aniruddha Joshi with ICICI Securities. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Just taking the question from earlier participant forward. So how do we think about the 
milk procurement prices over the next 12 months? Do you see inflationary pressure and 
hence, there will be impact on the margins on a year-on-year basis? Or do you see that 
there is a possibility to maintain the margins? 
 
Secondly, the company has taken a small price hike. But as I understand, cooperatives 
have taken price hikes higher than the private sector companies. So is there a potential to 
raise the prices further to maintain the margins or reduce the impact of inflation in milk 
procurement prices? That is question number one. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
And then secondly, what is the outlook on this Novandie -- Heritage Novandie business 
now. Now it is almost as good as Heritage Food Company. So what happens to the 
brands like Mamie Yova or Yo Pop? And I guess now we have introduced new brand 
like a Livo kind of a brand. So whether the earlier brands are discontinued and now a 
new brand has started or what will be, in a way, future of this joint venture now? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Thank you. I'll answer the first part of the question, and I'll hand over to our Executive 
Director to address the last question. On milk procurement, we are seeing stable milk 
availability across the regions where we are present, right? See, this is the first thing that 
you should note. That said, as we speak now, we are going through a lean period in 
certain parts of the country, right? 
 
As you know, that usually August and September are lean months. And usually flush 
availability starts to appear from September, October onwards, all indications because 
the monsoon actually has been a little too good for our liking. Actually, on the sales side, 
we would have wished it was a little less. But on the farm side, this is actually going to 
be impacting very positively in terms of supply of milk is concerned. 
 
As far as prices are concerned, there might be some short-term increases. We are 
expecting at this point in time, a little bit of increases, but nothing extraordinary. See, we 
should understand that 4 percentage or 5 percentage year-on-year increase in milk prices 
is normal and it is actually healthy as well, right? So -- and if you go back about 18 
months, the prices had not increased from June of 2023 till about December of '24. 
 
So it was natural that post December, there were some price hikes and this 4.74% that 
we have seen in quarter 1 is a result of that. So nothing extraordinary. We don't expect 
anything extraordinary in the months to come. Predicting up to 12 months is difficult, 
but I can say from here till December, we expect milk availability to be decent, right? 
The second part of the question was about market prices. 
 
As far as we are concerned, our brands are priced at a premium compared to all 
cooperatives. I don't think there is any cooperative who is selling at the same prices as 
we do. And in many cases, the cooperative pricing is a catch-up on the pricing that we 
have done. The price increases made by many of the cooperatives in the month of March 
and April was a catch-up to the price increases that we had done -- already done in the 
month of December and January. 
 
Yes, you're right. In the normal course of business, we may have done one more price 
increase, let's say, towards the middle or end of quarter 1, which we did not do this time 
because of the sales side pressure because of very, very inclement weather. And if I can 
just call out some numbers, if that gives you a sense of the kind of inclement weather 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
that we faced on a weighted average basis, in the month of May, the temperatures that 
we faced in our markets were about 3.5 degrees lower than previous May. 
 
And even if I take a 10-year average, it was 2.6 degrees temperature lower. In terms of 
rainfall, we had 152 millimeters of rain. Cumulatively, if I talk about April and May 
period, we almost saw about 180 millimeters of rain against the 65 millimeters of rain in 
the previous year same period. So this kind of unprecedented weather event, we haven't 
had in any time in the past. There is no other reason. 
 
And the business had bounced back in the month of June. For example, our overall 
business growth -- revenue growth had bounced back to 15.1% in terms of revenue in 
the month of June. And value-added products also, which had the average number that 
you are seeing in quarter 1 is only 6.6% -- 6% whereas in the month of June, the value-
added products had grown at 11%. All our products had bounced back by the month of 
June. 
 
Nara Brahmani: 
Going back to HNFPL, yes, you're right, Heritage Foods now holds 94.4% shareholding 
in HNFPL. And we've been -- I'm happy to say that we've been successfully able to 
repurpose the business. And HNFPL has already started co-packing yogurts for Heritage 
Foods under the brand name now of Livo, which is our new sub-brand for high- energy 
nutritious products. 
In fact, I'm quite happy to also share that our R&D team and marketing team very 
efficiently quickly turned around the project. And the initial launch of our yogurts in 
MRF channels as well as e-commerce channels is quite encouraging in terms of offtake. 
And it's a very attractive proposition. 
It's a high-protein portfolio of yogurts with different flavors, currently available in 
snackable packs of 90 grams and in the future also available in 400 grams and other 
SKU sizes. So yes, the company has been repurposed and yogurts continue in the form -- 
in the brand of Livo under Heritage Foods driving sales. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. No, this is very, very helpful. Just one last question. Is the entire inventory of, let's 
say, SMP plus butter accumulated during the melt -- deflation period is largely over 
now? Or is there anything still excess inventory with the company at, let's say, June end? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Thank you. I'll hand over the question to CFO. But before I hand over, I'll just indicate 
one point, correction. The SMP did not accumulate. We always -- during flush season, 
we build up inventory stock. And during summertime, which is usually the lean period, 
we consume it. This time, because of the value-added product sales not happening to our 
expectation, that consumption of SMP did not happen. So we did not accumulate. That's 
just a correction and maybe CFO can elaborate 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
A. Prabhakara Naidu: 
As on 30th June, we have actually 6,197 metric tons of SMP. Corresponding year, 
actually, it was actually 4,586 tons. So as Srideep said, actually, then the consumption 
slightly, it has come down because of that, this much of stock we are keeping it. Going 
forward, actually, it is going to be consumed in the next Q2 and middle of Q3 also. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pratik Kothari with Unique PMS. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir, recently at our Foundation Day, I mean, first of all, congratulations to the team for 
completing 33 years. So in a press release, we had this statement during a Foundation 
Day about Vision 2030 and being the most admired dairy company backed by clear 
metrics and milestones. I mean this was what was mentioned in the press release. If you 
can just highlight more qualitatively, quantitatively, what is it that we intend to do or 
what's the plan that we have until, say, 2030? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Thank you, Pratik, for that question. As you rightly said, the Vision 2030 is to be the 
most admired dairy nutrition company in the country. There are certain parameters that 
we have. Number one parameter is to do with the revenue growth. So that's mostly to do 
with the size and salience of the business as far as the country dynamic is concerned. It's 
our intention and continuing with our past communication. 
 
It's our intention to keep our growth in the double-digit space continuously over the next 
many years to come, not just next 5 years. And in the near to short term, we are looking 
at keeping it in the mid-teens. That's our ambition. We also have clearly laid out 
ambitions in terms of how we want to improve the farmer income in this period. There 
are certain metrics that we have drawn out as far as that is concerned internally. We are 
in the process of finalizing those numbers. 
 
There are certain metrics that we have drawn out in terms of consumer metrics. We are 
already number one in all our markets as far as consumer loyalty is concerned. In fact, 
we enjoy 19% consumer loyalty in our markets, and this is done through an independent 
market research agency as part of our routine quarterly brand health track, which is the 
highest among all South Indian brands in our markets. 
 
So we plan to enhance it further. We also have metrics which is related to our customers 
and partners in terms of the ratings that we have from them in terms of our Net Promoter 
Score. These are all parameters that we have for measuring our progress against this. 
And we also have ambitious targets as far as environment and sustainability is 
concerned. There are several things that we are working on at this point in time. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Anything on the margins? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
See, as far as the margins and shareholder wealth is concerned, that's primary focus of 
the company at any cost, and that goes without saying.  We are in the process of scaling  

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
value-added products and it is just the beginning. The idea of the business is to 
constantly shift the narrative towards branded business, branded consumer business, 
which becomes resembles more and more like FMCG. So it's our intention to transition 
our margin potential also towards that -- in that direction, but it is a journey. And as far 
as milestones of 2030 are concerned, it's a little too early for us to communicate any 
number. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Fair enough. Sure. Sir, coming to this quarter, again, anything to call out on the other 
expense? I mean it seems higher than our past. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
That is right. 2 numbers are higher as far as that is concerned. One, as far as our 
marketing expenses are concerned, it's about INR7 crores higher than last quarter 1. A 
bit of it is intentional as well and a bit of it is because of the sales volumes not 
happening as we expected. We -- in the beginning of the quarter, rather actually end of 
quarter 4, we had already gone on air on television and all for our curd -- with our curd 
campaign. This is season three of that. 
 
And in the middle of quarter 1, we started our first-ever milk brand campaign. I'm sure 
that you must have seen it, which was focused on driving purity. These campaigns are 
very essential for us as far our business is concerned because it is essential that we 
establish our superiority over other brands, including many of the start-up brands, which 
have started gaining momentum in some of the organized trade. 
 
So the campaigns -- and we also ran certain consumer promotions in -- for curd, etcetera, 
during the summertime to sustain the volume. So all of this additional cost is about 
INR7 crores. If I remove that, actually, on a percentage basis, it will be very similar to 
9.1% of revenue as similar to last year. So -- and this is one. And number two is freight. 
We had about INR4 crores in absolute terms increase over last year on freight. 
 
But there is nothing much to read in that. It is only because the number of kilometers 
traveled were more and fuel rate changes and all that. So the big story is marketing 
expenses increased over last year Q1, which may look in the short term like a hit, but I 
can tell you that this is what is going to help us build the business over the long term. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. Fair enough. And sir, last on gross margin, right? So even if we compare Q-on-
Q, I mean, our VAP share is higher than what it was in Q4. Year-on-year, I mean, it's 
down, but I mean it's gone from only 37% to 35%, right? So it's not that material that our 
gross margin knocks off by 160, 180 basis points. 
 
So anything to call out here? I mean, is it this bulk because last year, I think we didn't 
have this much bulk fat loss. Is it bulk fat loss, which is kind of driving this? Or is this 
something more? Because I mean it's not that material that VAP has changed quarter-on-
quarter or even year-on-year. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Okay, Pratik, no. Let me assure you, no, it is not the bulk fat loss, which -- that is not the 
-- if I compare on a quarter-on-quarter basis, yes, on absolute number, the total fat 
losses. Now here, I'm adding both bulk as well as, let's say, consumer fat losses, it's 
about INR8.5 crores compared to INR7.7 crores. But then the volumes, revenues have 
also grown at about 20% plus range. So on a per unit basis or a percentage basis, the 
profitability in -- or the losses in fats have reduced by 6%. 
 
So no, there's nothing to read into this. The only difference is the value-added products 
decline compared to numbers. And here, I'm talking stand-alone numbers because the 
numbers you called out at 35% is on the consolidated number. But if I call out the value-
added products, excluding fats to our stand- alone number, it stands at about 36.1% 
compared to 37.5% in same quarter last year. 
 
And imagine that we are taking up our value-added product contribution 2% or 3% year-
on-year. So ideally, we should have been at 39% or something. So that 3% swing is a 
big one, if I can tell. And so it's not just the direct -- the contributions that are driven by 
value-added products. That kind of absolute loss of volumes also impact our, let's say, 
cost absorption of our plant and operating expenses and all of that. 
 
So it is the only element. There is no other element at all. And we have done all sorts of 
analysis. So if I could just break up for your information, we can break it down into 2 
parts. One is we had -- if suppose value-added products revenue had happened as we 
expected, let's say, or the mix of value-added products continued at 15%, 16% growth as 
we were having in the last several quarters, then our overall net revenue would have 
been better by about 0.8%. 
 
Similarly, if we had gained the volumes, which is a mix change, that itself would have 
been about 1.3%. The total impact is about 2.1% on a revenue basis itself. So nothing 
more than that. I think that we have already recovered half of that in the month of June. 
These are quarterly averages I'm talking about. And July onwards, we should be getting 
normalized on this. 
Pratik Kothari:  
Sir, point completely taken on the cost and at the EBITDA level. And hence, my 
question was at the gross margin level, right? Because this swing, I understand we were 
to have 2% higher, we came in 2% lower and hence, the swing at EBITDA level. But 
this kind of doesn't explain the 160, 180 basis point knock that we took on the gross 
margin level. That was the only question which I had. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Everything is -- even gross margin, please understand is a function of volumes. So 
among all of this, we actually have a very good news to share. Despite such inclement 
weather, for the very first time in quarter 1, we crossed on a quarterly basis 510 tons per 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
day on curd. This is the first time we crossed 500 tons. Last year, same time, we were 
knocking on the doors of 500 tons with 494 tons per day sale. 
 
This year, we crossed 510 tons. So I'm saying that even in the face of all of this, we were 
able to grow volumes and do this. But imagine if we had done 550 tons or 560 tons or 
something, which is what is intended. The cost absorptions would be so much more 
better, right? That is what will deliver the gross margins as well. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Shirish Pardeshi with Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just one quick question on the Novandie business. Now obviously, we have 
consolidated. So in the INR1,137 crores revenue what we have reported, what is the 
contribution? And I have a little more understanding how we want to scale up this 
business over the next 2 to 3 years in terms of distribution, product and reach. So maybe 
you can give the current status? 
Sambasiva Rao: 
The contribution will not be visible because this changeover happened in the last part of 
the quarter. A week before the end of the quarter only, the business started in Heritage 
Foods. So it's virtually nil contribution in quarter 1. The changeover happened towards 
the last week of June month. So therefore, there won't be anything visible to you in this. 
 
Coming to the future, yes, this new brand, Heritage Livo, the sub-brand Livo, high-
protein yogurt, we just started placing in the market. So we want to build at least 2 tons 
kind of volume per day in the next 1 year and then build up to 10 tons in the next 3 
years. The volume is the most important thing. And the logistics placement 
management, etcetera, will be done by Heritage Foods sales team. 
 
All the logistics advantages we see because they move along with the Heritage products. 
There's no independent sub-cold chain or independent delivery mechanisms required 
unlike when we were doing Mamie Yova that was done as an independent business. 
Now it is getting integrated into Heritage value-added products basket. 
 
So it would give us additional item in our VAP portfolio, and it will help us to reach 
more and more consumers who need it. The placements will be along with Heritage 
other value-added products in all the stores, in all the channels, etcetera. But actual 
numbers, projection, etcetera, maybe in course of time, we'll be able to articulate better, 
maybe 2, 3 quarters down the line. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That's really helpful, Mr. Rao. What I was just wanted to say that Novandie part of the 
business now getting merged. So obviously, there is a distribution scale up. So 
specifically, what is the heritage part of the business distribution can catch up? Will we 
reach a 50% level for the Novandie business in next 6 months, 1 year? Or it is still -- the 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
merger will happen and then we will merge the front end and then we will start 
distribution? 
Nara Brahmani: 
No, no. Distribution is already going on through Heritage sales team. So that synergy is 
already realized with Heritage sales team. And even operations, while the existing team 
runs operations, it's overseen by the Heritage operations team. So for all practical 
purposes, all logistics, sales as well as operational synergies have been realized. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Resha Mehta with GreenEdge Wealth. 
Resha Mehta: 
So while you have spoken about the milk procurement price and the fact that they are 
still elevated. If you could just give some quantitative or qualitative flavor in terms of 
the milk prices currently in July, the trend basically versus, let's say, the weighted 
average price that we saw as INR43.3 in Q1. And the reason I'm asking this is because -- 
see, while in South, which is our major procurement hub, there is a flush that we would 
have seen an early flush because of the unseasonal rain? 
 
And the part where you're hinting at that in July, August, the prices would be elevated 
where there's still lean season, that would largely be the north where our procurement is 
relatively lower. So just wanted to understand the milk price procurement trend as we 
are seeing it now and whether it's lower versus the Q1. And if any quantification is 
possible, that would be great. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. So Resha, I don't want to quantify the elevation of cost. See, we should understand 
that, yes, technically, you're right that if you take Tamil Nadu as South of India, then 
Tamil Nadu flush season starts from the month of May, and it usually continues till 
about November, yes. But we are quite diversified in our footprint of procurement, as 
you know. 
 
We have procurement coming from Maharashtra. We have procurement coming from 
Andhra, where we have certain areas in Andhra and Telangana have got buffalo 
contribution. We still procure about 20% buffalo milk. And we also procure from North 
India, about 4% to 5% of our milk for our North Indian operations. 
 
Now these regions, whether it is Maharashtra or buffalo milk regions or North India 
have got a different dynamics as far as the lean and flush is concerned. And in fact, 
August, September is the time when if you look at as in for us, the cumulative supply 
scenario actually shrinks to the leanest most. That's the reason why I said that. 
 
But of course, there are lots of compensating factors as well. It will all be a function. The 
eventual arithmetic will be a function of the weighted averages that we derive. But at 
this point in time, in general, if I can advise, milk supply looks good. There might be a 
temporary small inflation of INR0.50 or INR1 or something. Nothing much to read and 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
which should ideally get normalized once, let's say, October or November happens. 
That's all I meant. I do not want you to put any arithmetic to that. 
Resha Mehta: 
Fair. And on the pricing front, so specifically for liquid milk because in VAP, I think 
since the last 18 to 24 months, we've had this strategy where we are okay with relatively 
lower margins in VAP, but the idea is to grow the market -- grow our market share. And 
that's why the pricing is relatively on the lower side, though we are serious versus the 
cooperatives. 
 
But on the liquid milk side, can you just call out that what would be the gap basically the 
pricing gap, which is there? And what is the pricing that we can still there is room to 
take so that we reach our kind of old gross margin level? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. On liquid milk on aon a year-on-year basis, we are higher by about 2.9% and on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, sequentially, we are up by about 1.4%. That said, you're right, 
there is still opportunity for pricing, and we will be looking at some of those 
opportunities in the remaining part of the year, for sure. 
 
Like someone called out earlier that cooperatives increased their prices in the month of 
March and April, and we have not reacted with the corresponding increase at our end. 
That price increase is possible. But at this point in time, we believe that the margin is 
similar to see, if you look at the EBITDA numbers also compared to Q4, I'm only calling 
out sequentially. It is lower by about 1.1% in quarter 1, and they're primarily driven by 
the value-added product shrinkage as far as the contribution is concerned. 
 
So we are focused on getting that back. And we have some pricing opportunities in 
value-added products, which we are realizing. We have already realized part of it in Q1 
June itself. And like if I can just call out certain numbers if it interests you, for example, 
curd, on a sequential basis, quarter-on-quarter basis, quarter 1 revenue realization from 
curd was 0.7% lower than in quarter 4. 
 
And -- but it is 0.3% higher than quarter 1 same period last year. So my first priority 
would be to get curd back, which is already doing very well to get the revenue back up 
3%, 3.5% over last year on a year-on-year basis. So the opportunities are still there in 
value-added products. And after that, we can look at milk revenue realization. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Kiran Kumar with Green Investors. 
Kiran Kumar: 
Firstly congratulations on good set of numbers. My question is more into numbers. So 
can I know the breakup of the fat products revenue, which you quoted INR81 crores. 
Out of this from the last conversation we put that around INR36 crores is from butter. 
And the remaining, can we assume it is SMP or? 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Can you repeat? We couldn't hear you properly. Can you repeat? 
Kiran Kumar: 
Yes, yes. As it is evident from the investor presentation, the fat products revenue is 
around INR81 crores, right? So what is the breakup of that? What amount is for butter 
and what is for SMP? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Okay, this is not SMP. 
Sambasiva Rao: 
Not SMP, consumer pack. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
You can expand. 
Sambasiva Rao: 
Yes. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Breakup of INR91 crores. It doesn't include SMP. Fat products are basically butter, ghee 
and cream and you can explain. 
Sambasiva Rao: 
Yes. In that bulk fat sale is INR36 crores around and consumer pack fat is about INR50 
crores. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Ghee and butter. 
Sambasiva Rao: 
Ghee and butter together. 
Kiran Kumar: 
What is the revenue of curd in VAP or to what extent curd is there in '26 and '25? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Request you to repeat your question because your voice is not very clear. 
 
Kiran Kumar: 
Yes. So what is the revenue of curd in '26 of Q1? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Sorry, come again? 
Kiran Kumar: 
Curd's revenue in '26 Q1? 
Srideep Kesavan:Yes, 2025 sales, it's about INR265 crores. 
Kiran Kumar: 
INR265 crores. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Harsh Shah with Merisis Advisors. 
Harsh Shah: 
My question is related to more of a strategy thing because more and more population in 
India has started becoming lactose intolerant. So any plan or any future strategy of 
coming up with lactose because other competitors are also coming up with lactose-free 
kind of milk. So do we have that in cards or how is it going to be? 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. Thank you for that question. See, one of the reasons why we see -- see, the question 
was on lactose intolerance. See, first of all, that's a largely debatable point about lactose 
tolerance or intolerance. But let's assume that there is a certain amount of people, certain 
number of people who are lactose intolerant, which is primarily -- which is the primary 
reason why we are seeing great interest and significant consumer traction for our value-
added products. 
 
Most of our value-add products, if you see, are reduced lactose products, whether it is 
curd, butter milk, anything, any of those products, you take paneer, etcetera, are all 
lower in terms of lactose and most of the lactose intolerant people take these fermented 
products because the lactose presence is negligible. Secondly, in terms of milk itself, we 
are working on several innovations at this point in time, some of which will address the 
lactose -- reduced lactose or zero lactose propositions as well. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Param Vora with Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Param Vora: 
So what I want to ask is regarding value-added product. So beyond curd and paneer, 
what specific investment or market penetration strategies are planned for new VAP 
categories like Livo drinkables and upcoming ice cream products to drive their growth 
and ensure that they significantly contribute to the value-added product targets? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Thank you for asking that question. In fact, actually, we are one of the most diversified 
companies as far as value-added products are concerned. I'm not aware of any other 
company in the private space, which is as diversified as we are. We have quite a wide 
portfolio apart from, let's say, we call it foods, which is curd and paneer. 
 
. We have quite a wide range of drinkables, starting from our biggest being butter milk, 
then flavored milk, lassi, milk shakes, cold coffee. 
 
Recently, we launched a whey-based drink called GlucoShakti, which is doing 
exceedingly well for us, etcetera. We are also reasonably well invested in ice creams. 
Recently, we announced a capex of INR220 crores on expanding our ice cream facility. 
which is supposed to come up towards the end of this calendar year. 
 
The reason why we are making that investment is we are almost utilized -- fully utilized 
our existing capacity. So that capacity coming in and our ability to bring out new to the 
market products is what is going to drive a significant growth in the coming quarters. 
We also have a small but growing presence in the sweet space. Our Doodhpeda is 
something that is pretty famous in our parts. But we -- last year, if you remember, we 
launched Ladoos. These are Millet Ladoos. We call it under the brand Truly Good. 
 
We also have a growing portfolio of Gulab Jamun, Rasgulla, etcetera. So we are pretty 
diversified. We are investing proportionate to the size of the business in each of these 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
categories to build traction in each of them. And that's primarily one of the things that 
we are doing to deseasonalize the business as well. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Gopinadha with PNR Investments. 
Gopinadha: 
First question is, when it comes to vitamin D fortification, are we doing D2 or D3, sir? 
Nara Brahmani: 
Actually, we first fortify all of our milk variants with vitamin both A and D, both 
absorbable and very good for bone health and calcium absorption, etcetera, and for eye 
health. Aside from that, we've also fortified our flavored milk with vitamin A and D and 
our yogurts also very healthy, not just fortified, but also high-end protein. So I think 
fortification is something that is going across the board for us, not just in milk, while we 
were the first in milk across other value-added products as well. 
Gopinadha: 
Yes. The second one is when it comes to working capital cycle, working capital days 
from the last 3 years, it is coming down. Before that, it was going up. What are the 
factors that are affecting so much? And how will it going to be? 
A. Prabhakara Naidu: 
As on 30th June, actually for the first quarter ending, the working capital cycle days are 
19 days, inventory 35 days, trade receivable 3 days and trade payable 17 days. 
Corresponding year, it was 20 days. One day it has come down. We will be maintaining 
around less than 20 days on the working capital cycle. 
Nara Brahmani: 
I mean most of our products are fresh in nature. Most of our value-added products are 
also very fresh in nature. And we do B2C business. We are focused on that. So inventory 
holding is very efficient for us in general. And we are not into any kind of speculative 
business. So we intend to maintain our working capital days under 20 days. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rahil with Crown Capital. 
Rahil: 
So just one question, if you could give us an outlook for FY '26. When it comes to your 
revenue growth and EBITDA margins. What are your expectations in near term? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
We usually don't give out guidance or outlook. But as I mentioned, we were on a 
journey to grow in strong double digits. So we were expecting a growth in terms of mid-
teens. I think we have lost at least 5 percentage or 6 percentage points, thanks to the 
weather that we saw in quarter 1. So I hope that everything is normalized. 
 
It's already normalized, but I hope that it holds good in Q2, Q3 and all of that, and we 
are able to be back at about 15%, 16% kind of revenue growth and value-added product 
growing close to about 20%. That's what we are -- we have been doing, and we hope to 
continue to do that. And the margins and all, at least a percentage correction is expected, 
assuming all goes well. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Rahil: 
Okay. And what is your value-added products contribution as of now overall to the 
revenue? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
In the first quarter, on a stand-alone basis, it was 36.1%. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pavan Kaware from Nayan M Vala Securities 
Private Limited. 
Pavan Kaware: 
So firstly, congratulations on continued double-digit growth. And my question was also 
on a growth number. So if you can quantify our regional growth on West, North and 
South, like in home market on quarter -- year-on-year basis for this quarter and the last 
quarter also. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. So we won't have those numbers ready, but I can tell you that actually South has 
actually been very under a lot of stress. The rains that -- or rather actually the whole dip 
in temperature and everything has been most in the South. Our West and North have 
performed relatively much better. Yes. So you could say about like West and North 
continue to perform. 
 
Except in the month of June, there were lots of rains in the West and North. But nothing 
much in terms of like if I look at the delta between last year quarter 1 and this year 
quarter 1, West and North had more comparable weather and their performance was very 
good. In South is where we got really severely affected as far as the growth is concerned. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
I have two broad questions. One is I want to understand what is the loss of Novandie in 
Q1? And the second question is related to procurement. So procurement, I'd like to 
understand what is your procurement mix across the states you gave that North India is 
around 4%, 5% of the procurement. I just want to understand other state mix across. And 
within procurement, I also want to understand, I mean, how -- with respect to 
cooperatives, what is your pricing? 
 
Do you price how many rupees ahead of cooperatives? And within procurement, again, 
where do you procure directly from the farmers that you pay the farmers immediately 
the same day? And how much you actually indirectly procure by way of some 
middlemen. So these are the questions related to procurement and the loss in Novandie. 
Sambasiva Rao: 
Thank you. The loss from Novandie Foods for the Q1 was INR1.31 crores, which is 
booked in that company consolidated in Heritage Foods. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
But last year, full year, I saw the loss of almost INR24 crores or something, if I'm not 
wrong as per the annual report. So I just wanted to understand whether that is one-off? 

Heritage Foods Limited 
July 18, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Sambasiva Rao: 
No, no. That was including some impairment value, onetime inclusion in the last year. 
This year, Q1 is INR1.31 crores operational losses. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Okay. There was a question on the procurement. We'll just quickly address. We procure 
across many states. We procure in Tamil Nadu, Andhra, Telangana, Karnataka, Orissa, 
Maharashtra and again, in the North in Rajasthan and Punjab. So we are pretty 
widespread as far as our procurement is concerned. There's no one significant 
domination we procure. 
 
North is about 4% of our total milk. Rest of the areas, it's all pretty widespread. You can 
say it's almost equal everywhere. And as far as your question on pricing is concerned, 
we price the farmer on a very fair basis, which means that we price -- our pricing to 
farmer is on par with what is best in that particular region or a village. We don't pay 
anything excessive compared to any of our competition. We pay on par. 
Sambasiva Rao: 
I'm sure this answers the question. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-and-
answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Dr. Rao for closing 
comments. 
Sambasiva Rao: 
Thank you, all the participants very much for your active engagement and very 
insightful questions and the interaction. I'm looking forward to catch up with you next 
quarter. All the very best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Heritage Foods Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
--0-- 
