` 
Godrej Consumer Products Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Godrej One,  
4th Floor, Pirojshanagar,  
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai - 400 079, India. 
Tel : +91-22-2518 8010/8020/8030 
Fax : +91-22-2518 8040 
Website : www.godrejcp.com 
 
CIN : L24246MH2000PLC129806 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
BSE Limited   
Corporate Relations Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532424 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol: GODREJCP 
 
 
 
Transcript of Conference call with Investors & Analysts held on August 7, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Conference Call of Godrej Consumer Products Limited with the 
Investors and Analysts held on Thursday, August 7, 2025 at 4.30 p.m. The aforesaid information is also being 
hosted on the website of the Company at the below mentioned link: 
 
 
https://godrejcp.com/investors/performance-updates 
 
 
Please take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
 
Virender Mittal 
Global Controller 
Encl: As above 
VIRENDER 
KUMAR 
MITTAL
Digitally signed by VIRENDER 
KUMAR MITTAL 
Date: 2025.08.14 11:38:18 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
August 7, 2025 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUDHIR SITAPATI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GODREJ CONSUMER 
PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
 
MR. AASIF MALBARI – GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER AND PRESIDENT 
 
 
MR. VISHAL KEDIA – GLOBAL HEAD, STRATEGY & 
PLANNING/IR – GODREJ CONSUMER PRODUCTS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Godrej Consumer Products Q1 FY26 
earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Kedia. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vishal Kedia: 
Good evening to all present. Welcome to the Q1 conference call for Godrej Consumer Products 
Limited. We have with us Mr. Sudhir Sitapati; and Mr. Aasif Malbari. We will start with opening 
remarks from Mr. Sudhir Sitapati, following which we will go into Q&A. 
I now hand over to Mr. Sudhir Sitapati for his opening remarks. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Good evening to all. Q1 FY26 has been a good quarter for GCPL. In particular, our standalone 
ex-soaps business has had an excellent performance delivering an underlying volume growth of 
mid-teens, led by robust broad-based performance. Our international business has been affected 
due to macro headwinds and competitive pressures in Indonesia, which was compensated by a 
robust performance in Africa. On a consolidated basis, our revenues grew 10% in INR terms 
with 8% underlying volume and minus 3% on EBITDA. India has had a good quarter with a 
revenue growth of 8%. Our volume growth was 5% and EBITDA growth was minus 6%. 
However, excluding soaps, we grew underlying volumes by mid-teens, with soap volumes being 
affected by volume price rebalancing and a very poor season in May, especially in North India. 
We had a robust performance in household insecticide, which grew volumes in high single digits, 
led by Electrics growing double digits. We have gained market share in Electrics on the back of 
the relaunched products and are very happy with the outcome of our actions. 
Our categories of air fresheners, laundry liquids, etc have continued to deliver strong underlying 
volume growth. All our products like  Block, the anti-perspirant, AirPlug, and Amazon Woods 
4X, have been launched successfully and are seeing good consumer traction and repeat sales. 
Furthermore, as guided in the investor meet, we are on track to deliver 150 bps to 200 bps of 
savings in A&P investments. Over the last three years, we have doubled our A&P spend and 
trebled our working media. With this kind of scale, we have been able to accrue savings on 
account of better planning, automations and negotiations with a new agency in place. This has 
been done without impacting media reach. Our Indonesia business has been impacted by macro 
headwinds and competitive pricing pressures. However, we expect this to be transitory in nature 
with the situation improving in a few months. Our Africa business continues its solid 
performance with sales growing at 30% and EBITDA at 15%. We successfully launched Aer 
Pocket across all markets in Africa and are seeing a very positive consumer response. Latin 
America continues to do extremely well with high single-digit underlying volume growths and 
EBITDA margins now in the double digits. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
As guided during our latest investor meet in May2025, we expect performance to improve 
sequentially in FY26 with the second half performance better than the first half performance in 
terms of margin. Standalone EBITDA margins in H126 is likely to be below our range but is 
expected to improve in the second half. 
While palm oil prices have started moderating towards June, benefits of this moderation will 
only be realized in H2 FY26. We believe for FY26, we are on track for mid-to-high single-digit 
UVG for standalone business, high single-digit consolidated INR revenue growth and double-
digit consolidated EBITDA growth for the full year. Thank you. I'd be happy to take questions 
now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press star then one on their touchtone phone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. Again, to register for a question, please press star then one. 
Our first question comes from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening. Sir, two questions for me. Firstly, on - you indicated the impact of the 
early monsoons potentially on soaps. Was there also a similar positive impact on home 
insecticides given that we had an early rain and typically insecticides does well in the rainy 
season? Second question on the liquid detergents business, we've seen Unilever get very 
aggressive in the space. They've recently launched Sunlight at INR70 a liter, actually even 
significantly undercutting even Fab. Do you see this as being a challenge to growth and margins 
going forward? Thanks. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Thanks Aditya. To answer your first question on whether there was a positive impact on 
household insecticide, we have something called an infestation index for the quarter. The overall 
quarter was at about 100. That's because April was very low and May and June were good. April 
was very low because it was a particularly hot April. It became hot early this year and then it 
cooled down in May and June. So April normally where the season changes in the north, the 
season changed in March. 
So, overall, actually, we didn't have a particularly good seasonality index in, it was an average 
seasonality index on household insecticide and April is normally a much bigger month than May 
and June. May and June are good summer months. The index was higher. The volumes are lower. 
April, the volumes are higher, the index was lower and it was roughly the same. So I don't think 
we got any particular benefit in terms of household insecticide, in terms of season this quarter, 
which we did a little bit last quarter, which was in Q4. 
To answer your second question, Fab continues to do extremely well for us. It is sequentially 
gaining share. It is much loved by consumers and it is heading towards unprecedented levels of 
revenue in FY26. 
We do not see Fab as a price comparator. We think that there's an overall mix to Fab that is good. 
In fact, we have taken up prices by 5% on Fab in the last quarter and have seen no impact of it 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
despite a lot of price competition in the market. We are very convinced that this is a good mix 
and a fundamentally good mix. 
Aditya Soman: 
Thanks, Sudhir. That's very clear. Thanks for the clarification for both. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Avneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Avneesh Roy: 
Yes. Thanks. My first question is on the India HI. Most of the sub-segments of the India HI seem 
to have grown in double digits. If you could clarify how much is the decline in coils and would 
you see that as a structural issue? And it's a good long-term issue to have given the premium 
products can grow faster, differentiated products can grow faster. 
And second is Q2, obviously, currently the expectation is the monsoon is going to be high. Till 
now, it is high only. So generally, when the monsoon is high, the mosquito larva gets flooded 
away, which is not a good development from a HI construct. So would you be a bit cautious on 
the Q2 demand based on this premise? Obviously, it's too early to comment on the quarter from 
an overall projection perspective. But from a monsoon perspective, would you say that that's not 
a supportive premise? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
So to answer your first question, Avneesh, I think, the growth is declining. We don't usually give 
numbers at a sub-segment level. So it's probably not proper for me to give it. But I feel like last 
quarter was an average quarter in terms of season. And we have done this high single-digit 
volume growth, which other things being equal, I think, will persist in the future. If you have a 
good season, if you have a bad season, we may go to low single digit. So that kind of variance 
will be there. But we seem to be on that kind of trajectory. We'll see how to take this up further. 
I still feel that there are ways in which we can take this up further and we're working on it. One 
obvious way is to see how we can upgrade faster from incense sticks. But that's work to be done. 
But at least this battle seems to be a little behind us. This is, in fact, third quarter in which 
Electrics has done well. So that we continue to be quite positive about. 
In terms of Q2, in terms of seasonality, it's hard to say, Avneesh. It's hard to predict what's going 
to happen. Actually, July was a little bit of a poor monsoon in South India. But again, the 
monsoon has come back in August. It's been a bit of a strange season where the July normally 
kind of what happens in August is happening in July and everything is getting changed a little 
bit by 15 days, 20 days. 
But sitting here today, I don't think this is going to be a particularly good or bad season sitting 
here today. I don't know what August and September will bear. Last year in Q3, it was a 
particularly poor season. So one can be hopeful that that will improve. But I mean, I can't really 
answer that question with more clarity than that. Sorry. 
Avneesh Roy: 
Sure. That is absolutely reasonable. In terms of the new formula, now it has been a few quarters. 
How is the competition responding? Because India is all about jugaad, reverse engineering. And 
even if reverse engineering doesn't give the same product, Indian companies are very happy to 
copy the messaging. So if you could comment on the competitive landscape from a new formula 
perspective, how things have changed? 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
See, firstly, within Electrics, we have had unprecedented share gains over the last few months 
and genuinely unprecedented share gains. 
Avneesh Roy: 
Is the Nielsen market share gains. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Nielsen market share gains. Again, I don't want to give exact numbers, but they're very high. In 
fact, for the first time in a decade, we have gained share of overall HI. In the past, we would gain 
and lose share, a little bit of share in Electrics, but then the market was reshaping so rapidly that 
we were losing overall share of HI, as were all branded players because illegal sticks were 
gaining shares, all branded share. 
But this is the first quarter, except for one quarter in the middle of COVID when Chinese imports 
and all stopped, one or two quarters. It's the first quarter really in a regular quarter in a decade 
that overall HI shares we've gained, which is very, very heartening, which means you really have 
to gain a lot of share in Electrics to compensate because incense sticks still continues to grow 
fast. So that's been very encouraging for us. I mean, look, the RNF molecule is a competitive 
mode for us, because as I said, when we launched RNF, you guys were here in the last analyst 
call, we have exclusivity for some time on this and the lead time for new molecules in India is 
long. 
So in the short- to medium-term, we don't expect any challenge in terms of product, we are 
convinced that this is the best molecule in India, it has shown results. I hope it shows even better 
results in the future and it's not easy to copy this and mere proposition doesn't help. I mean, in 
the last decade, everyone's tried a lot of propositions, but mere propositions don't help in the 
absence of a solid product. 
Avneesh Roy: 
Sudhir, one last follow up on this, you had shown us a live experiment in your office when we 
had on the new formula, but real world is different and real world, there are so many other 
uncertainty and all that. What is the customer saying on the efficacy of this product? The 
general... 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
See, customer -- see, qualitatively has been very good, which we knew for some time, but 
quantitatively, if you're able to gain enough share in Electrics to compensate for the headwind 
loss of incense stick growth, I mean, that kind of share doesn't happen without a genuine product 
differentiation and consumers genuinely loving it, which we are hearing from a lot of consumers. 
Plus, this advertising also seems to have clicked. We went in with a proposition of lasts for two 
hours after the electricity goes off. This seems to have been a good proposition that consumers 
are recalling as well. 
Avneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second quick question, India perfumes and deo mid-teens growth, say 15%, 16%. If 
you could comment on a two-year basis, how the growth is, I understand this was not a very 
favorable quarter, given most summer categories that did not do well. And second sub-question 
there, the Bloq antiperspirant, that formulation, the way it is applied, 
 
I think India, we haven't seen too many products really become successful, it has been tried 
earlier. So to that extent, from an application perspective, would you need a lot of time for a 
customer to be taught how this is used, so that the traction is there? 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
So I think, again, I don't want to give specific numbers on a two-year basis. Though last year, 
same quarter was also a very high growth quarter because that was on the base on a low base. 
So two-year numbers are very high, but three-year number may not. But I would say, so the two-
year number will be high only, because the growth number that we had, because the previous 
year we acquired the business. 
But one thing is that the traction is good. We've done two, three things that seem to be working. 
This Amazon Woods 4X, which is an innovation seems to be working well, because the market 
was disrupted by 2X and this is 4X. And in Tamil Nadu, we did a pilot, which seems to be 
working very well, where we bought the MRP of the category down to INR99. Many of you will 
know that this category and a lot of questions were asked on whether it's a very trade driven 
category. And that time I had said that our job is to convert it from a trade driven category to a 
consumer driven category. 
So in Tamil Nadu, what we did is the category MRP was INR230 and the trade price was 
INR100. In Tamil Nadu, what we did is we brought down the MRP to INR99 and we bought 
down the trade price to INR90 and converted 150 ml to 125 ml so that the gross margins remain 
the same. That has had explosive growth in terms of volume shares, volume growth and even 
NSV growth. So we are now convinced that that is the right way for us to compete in this market, 
not give so much margin to the trade, give trade the margin that they earn in the rest of HPC and 
bring down price. That has been in one state, but that has been a delta contributor. 
Bloq, I agree with you is a long, hard battle, because converting this country to antiperspirants 
is not going to be easy. But I just met some consumers yesterday. I was in Chennai where we 
launched Bloq and consumer acceptance is hard. Again, remember that this category of 
antiperspirants is selling at INR200 to INR220 and Bloq is a INR99 disruption. 
So we seem to have a lot of these INR99 products that seem to be doing quite well for us, Bloq, 
Aero, KS Deodorant 99. But to answer your question, is Bloq going to give us a lot of revenue 
in the next two years? I doubt it. But it is one of the key reasons why we did this acquisition, 
which is to build the antiperspirant category. 
Avneesh Roy: 
Sir, last question. I'll end there. So liquid detergent, you did extremely good disruption with the 
pricing, packaging, product, etcetera. Now legacy detergent powder players have quickly caught 
on and now I think their pricing is even lower than Fab detergent. Modern Trade has also quickly 
caught on. So currently you are doing quite well. 
So my question is not on the current quarter. My question is eventually what we see is the legacy 
player in any category eventually come back, because they have much higher advertising budget 
in this category to really get back that initial delay. Plus definitely their economies of scale will 
be much, much higher to initially cross subsidize, etcetera. 
Sir, how do you see Fab now competing against Rin at a lower pricing and say even Modern 
Trade? Modern Trade, of course, the quality will be different. So if you could comment long-
term, how do you see this threat? 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
See, firstly, Avneesh, laundry liquid is a category we built in India with Ezee and the category 
is quite analogous to soaps 20 years, 25 years ago. It's a category that we've done well over a 
long period of time. So we are certainly one among a few players. So I don't think that there is 
a question of right to win in this category, both because we were the pioneers in liquid and the 
detergent category has a lot of similarities to soap. I think we look at our mix from a consumer's 
lens. We feel that a combination of the product, the pricing, the packaging and the advertising is 
a sweet spot for consumers. We have, in fact, as I said, gone the other way around and taken up 
prices on Fab, because actually raw material costs have gone up, SLES, which is a big 
component, linked to the palm complex and so on. 
And we have not seen, and these kinds of things, if you're purely playing on a commodity basis, 
you will see things falling immediately. But we have not seen that. We have only seen our 
sequential revenues go high. We will play a branded game here. We are not going to play a 
pricing game on Fab. I mean, it came at a disruptive pricing because we felt that's the right price 
for consumers, not because you want to discount the category. We feel the right price for 
consumers to upgrade from powders to liquids. Our job is to upgrade from powders to liquid. 
And our focus is on that. I mean, so that consumers get a better experience with liquids. 
Avneesh Roy: 
So thanks. That's all from me. Thank you. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Thanks, Avneesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi, sir. My first question is on soaps. So suddenly we've seen such a huge volume growth coming 
in this quarter. Sir, what really has changed? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
It’s volume declined. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sorry. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Are you talking about soaps or ex-soaps? 
Percy Panthaki: 
You said that soaps has grown 15%, right? Or did I hear that wrong? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No. I said ex-soaps. You heard it wrong. I said our business ex-soaps has grown 15%. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Soaps have done badly this quarter, both because of grammage cuts, which are very sharp and 
also because of a poor season in May. So we overall grew 5% in India, but we grew ex-soaps in 
the mid-teens. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. And with this import duty cut, does that benefit us in terms of RM, and when do 
we see the margins sort of normalizing for soaps division? 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
So the import duty cut will benefit us. However, in the last few weeks, there has been a bit of a 
rally again in soap -- in palm oil prices. So palm oil prices fell back up, not hugely up, but they've 
gone back up 10%. So from their peak, they fell 30%, they've gone back up 10%, but that's in 
the realm of palm oil. But because of the inventory that we hold, I think, the benefits of soap 
margins will only come in towards the beginning of Q3. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. Understood. And on Indonesia, we keep having these issues every three years or so. I 
think now it's been like 12 years or so since our acquisition. More or less, three times or four 
times we have seen this cycle repeat, that things are going good, then we have some competitive 
intensity, and then two quarters, three quarters down the line, we realized that we should have 
responded more forcefully early on. So what actions are we taking now to sort of protect our 
business against competition? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
See, primarily, I feel like in Q4 itself, Indonesian -Indonesia FMCG had slowed down. And I 
think a lot of our peers and competitors reported that in Q4 and the beginning of Q1. Things 
seem to be -- so the primary cause in Indonesia seems to be macro. So before acting, one needs 
to understand whether it's a macro cause or a micro cause. 
Primarily, we see this as macro. I mean, I could be wrong, Percy, and I could come back and 
say, hey, listen, maybe we missed something. But there have been some price competition, which 
has, I think, been in response to the macro, because when the macro is poor for four months, five 
months, a lot of competition also wants to react. We have to defend market share unblinkingly. 
So that we've because our objective is to defend market share. 
But I don't -- I'm also going to Indonesia next month to assess for myself. But from what I've 
read from the data I've seen, it does seem to be from what I've spoken to others, it does seem to 
be a little bit of a sudden slowdown that Indonesian economy had in Q4 and the beginning of 
Q1. It also seems to be doing a little better now. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. And this price competition is in wet pipes or something else? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No. In household insecticide and air fresheners. Basically, in general, because Q4 was so bad 
that, I guess, everybody was saddled with inventory. Nobody's plans happened. So what, I meant, 
I suspect that's what must have happened there. So I also feel that this is a temporary kind of a 
response to what went wrong in the Indonesian economy in Q4 and beginning of Q1. I don't 
have a clear answer, but a lot of people have written about it and a lot of competitors have spoken 
about it. I don't know what happened in that quarter, but it seems to be a response to that. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So in a situation where we have a slow macro plus some discounting and price-led competition, 
will your priority be to protect the margins or will it be to sort of make sure that whatever little 
bit of growth you can get in the poor macros, you get that? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Our objective is always to defend our shares and to grow our shares. That is number one priority 
in a when the macros are poor. So whatever the consequence of defending shares, you have to 
bear it, you have to bear it. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. So any call out here on margins like you had called out a few quarters earlier that 
India margins will remain below normative levels. Any such possibility in Indonesia that for a 
few quarters it will below be normative levels because of price competition or something like 
that? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I have a feeling again, look again, Percy, I'm not 100% sure here, but I have a feeling that this is 
a bit of a temporary drop and it should come back in the next few months. Again, this quarter 
we have kind of continued to invest on pricing, but I have a feeling that the pressure should lift 
by Q3 here is what I think will happen in Indonesia. It doesn't look like a deep structural margin 
correction that we have to take. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And lastly on Africa, you have done a very good top line growth, but -- and whereas the bottom 
line also has grown, but there has been a margin compression here. So what is the reason for that 
margin compression? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think the primary reason is that one of our products, which is Aer Pocket, has been doing well 
across the world and we have been -- launched it in many countries in Africa and invested quite 
a lot in Aer Pocket in terms of media and on-ground activities and BTL. So I think that has been 
the main reason for a slight bit of dilution in Africa margins and also consequently the growth 
as we are also pivoting that business to an FMCG business and Aer has been such a big success 
in India that we see a big opportunity not just in Africa actually, but across the world on Aer 
Pocket. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it, sir. That's it from me. Thanks and all the best. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karthik Chellappa from Indus Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Yes. Thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir, I have two questions. The first one… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Karthik sir, you are sounding too soft. If you are using an external device, if 
you can use a handset, please. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Yes. Sure. How is this one? Is this any better? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
We can hear Karthik just about, but go on. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Okay. Sure. I'll try to be loud as well. So my first question is on the standalone business. If I 
were to exclude soaps and look at the margins on a year-on-year basis, directionally, how do 
you think that trended? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Directionally, we also on ex-soaps have taken some price corrections in some part of our 
portfolio, including household insecticide, hair color, which also explains the high growths in 
the rest of the business. So even there, the margins have not been much, but they have come 
down. But we have had spectacular mid-teens growth there. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
We felt there were some parts of the portfolio, for example, the aerosol part of the portfolio when 
compared to the rest of the world, prices were high. Margins in an absolute level are high. So 
we've dropped prices there. In some parts of our hair color portfolio, where margins are high, 
we've dropped some prices. All these businesses have exploded, but we have taken some kind 
of margin correction there. 
We will recover those margins as the year goes along through cost savings. We have very 
aggressive cost saving programs, including in the first quarter, a lot of it has come through media 
negotiations. But we have some big budget savings, including from supply chain, from our new 
factories, etcetera. So our strategy on ex-soaps, soaps is to recover to normative margins with 
pricing. Ex-soap is to be a little bit aggressive on pricing and recover those margins back through 
cost. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
So in the second half, when we talk about margin recovery, it will be on the back of soaps 
normalizing plus, as well as ex-soaps also improving, but not to the extent that we will see in 
soaps, right? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes. But we should in the second half go close to our normative kind of margins. That's what I 
think, unless of course, there's another root shock on oil prices, but if assuming oil prices are 
roughly where they are today, which is higher than their low, but lower than their high, we 
should kind of roughly get to our normative margins. That's what our calculations suggest. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Okay. Great. On Indonesia, if I were to look at your price levels in the first quarter, for the 
competitive categories, whether it's household insecticides or air fresheners, what would be your 
gap vis-à-vis these aggressive challenges? If I take the first quarter price level as a reference 
point. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Compared to where we should be, I think we were about 7%, 8% higher than where we should 
have been, which we took corrective action in the quarter itself. So towards the end of Q4 and 
beginning of Q1, we saw some sharp price drops on household insecticide aerosol, which we 
waited for a month and then we've kind of gone and matched and so on. But we were off by 
about 7%, 8% for a period of two months. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
So which means if the price aggression from the challengers don't get worse from here, our price 
levels are probably where there should be from a competitive standpoint, right? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Okay. Great. Okay. That's all from my side. Wish the team all the very best for the remaining 
quarters. Thank you. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Thank you, Karthik. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening. Sir, my first question was on pricing and gross margins in standalone. 
So, soaps has declined. Within HI also the premium categories have done well and most of your 
higher gross margin categories have actually done quite well. And we've seen a still a slight 
sequential drop from quarter four to quarter one? 
 
Sir, what I'm trying to ask is, mix has dramatically at least looks like has significantly improved. 
But the drop is still there. So is that largely inventory price led? Is it what you mentioned in the 
earlier participants question that you've taken some price drops in the non-soap portfolio? Just 
help me understand this change. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Largely, we've taken some price drops in the non-soap part of the portfolio, especially on 
aerosols on what we call CIK, which is crawling insect, flying insect, which is mosquito and 
cockroach. And also on hair color, we brought down the price of our large pack by about 5%. 
So on three big packs, we have taken down prices to aid volume growth. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Got it. Okay. And the soaps, what if I just do a back of the envelope calculation, it looks 
like a mid-teen volume decline. When do you see. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
It wasn’t that high it, wasn't a mid-teen volume decline or not 
Harit Kapoor: 
Okay. Okay. So whatever, a double-digit kind of a number, at least it looks like, just wanted to 
get your sense on, when do you see and how does this easing happen through the quarter? Is it 
just a base effect which anniversarizes from, say, third quarter and fourth quarter, and part of it 
is seasonal, so that should ideally play out from quarter two itself? Is that the way to think about 
it? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes. It will. We'll definitely see better volume performance. See, a good part of the volumes 
decline, UVG decline is just grammage. So about half our business or 40% of our business is 
price point packs. For example, on Godrej number one, INR10. Last year, same quarter, I think 
we were 55 grams or 56 grams. This year, we're about 43 grams. That's the kind of grammage 
cut that we've had to take, which is almost 20% grammage cuts, right? So that on 40% of your 
portfolio, that account for most of the volume decline. 
And then there was a volume decline, which was an unusually poor May that we had. So the 
unusually poor May will disappear in Q2. What will happen on grammage cuts is those will 
continue because as we go through the year, the base also has smaller and smaller grammages 
and units also tends to increase over a period of time. So while our UVG is 5%, my reckoning 
is that our unit growth would have been in double digits this quarter. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, one last question on soap. I mean, as you track competitive intensity, have you seen 
market shares stay largely intact in that way? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
See, we're still gaining in this quarter market share on soaps, despite all this, but it is less than 
we usually gain. So I have to say that we have for a long time been gaining significant share on 
soaps. That significant share has reduced to a marginal gain on soaps, but we're still gaining, 
we're not losing share on soaps. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Wish you all the best. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. Please 
go ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Yes, hi, team. So I think my first question, again, actually is on soaps. So what I wanted to 
understand is whenever you've historically seen this very large decline in volumes in soaps like 
8%, 10% or high single digit declines in any year, because long term, there is still some low 
single digit growth in the category? 
Do you expect volume growth to come back to a reasonably good number at some stage to make 
up for this decline or does the usage actually drop and does not recover when you take these 
grammage cuts? So what I'm asking is once the base normalizes, do you just think you get to a 
zero kind of a territory or there is a year when you actually make up and therefore get to the long 
term trend line growth of the industry? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think you will get to the long line the industry from my past experience, Arnab, because people 
don't reduce the number of baths. It's an inelastic category. So, similarly, you see, we're also 
lapping bases where the other way around happened, where you suddenly give grammage 
increases and then it looks like you have high UVG. But I do expect that the long term volume 
growth on soaps to be in the low single digit, which is 2% odd, 2 to 3% is what I expect the long 
term volume growth on soaps to be. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Got it, Sudhir. And the second question related on soaps is, I heard your answer on market 
shares, but sometimes nielsen share can be a bit off short term. So this quarter again was the first 
quarter in a long time where I think HUL grew slightly better than GCPL on soap volumes.  
So anything you read from that in terms of your on ground understanding of how things have 
gone after the formulation change or pricing actions or do you not worry about it could be a 
quarterly thing that one company would have a slightly higher number? I just wanted to get a 
sense of anything that worries you on the competitive performance in soaps? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No, I think Arnab it's one quarter, we still gain share. We see we have a large business in North 
India and North India had a particularly poor summer. We had a really poor May in North India 
and 70% of our business comes from North India. So there's a little bit of geographic stuff here. 
I would say that we have been a little aggressive on soap pricing over the last few years generated 
quite a lot of margins.  
But I would not read too much into one quarter, if this continues for a few quarters. I mean, the 
market share gain that we've got in this quarter is less than what we want, to be honest. So leave 
alone whatever reports come externally, that itself, we've got to improve a little bit more, but I 
would still kind of leave a quarter aside because it's also been an unusual quarter in terms of 
various kinds of prices. 
And the weather does affect soap sales. So I'd probably do not react too quickly to this, wait for 
a quarter or so and then probably kind of think about it. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Arnab Mitra: 
Got it. And my last question, Sudhir, is generally what we've heard from most companies is this 
slight like broad based pickup we are seeing in some parts across mass consumption. Now, I 
know your categories have different drivers, especially as this are quite season driven, but any 
thoughts you have on, are you seeing broader consumption trends slightly improving and 
therefore like the second half recovery, which is right now more predicated on soap's recovering. 
Is there also some chance that you do get a little bit of uplift from a broader consumption 
recovery? So any thoughts or anything you have picked up on the ground there would be helpful? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think so Arnab. I think that one can say that this quarter growth has been slightly easier than 
the previous quarter and the previous quarter was much better than the previous one. So, I mean, 
it's too hard to say there's like some big boom in consumption and all, but certainly it looks in 
the right direction because soap numbers that are affected by a lot of things. So x soap is a good 
way to kind of look at the overall consumption basket. Those numbers have been quite 
unprecedented for us this quarter. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Got it. Thanks. That's it from my side. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from HSBC. Please 
go ahead. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
So the first question was on HI itself, specifically post RNF launch. Is it say either via Nielsen 
or any other medium, there is a potential to get a feedback on the repeat because I'm sure there 
will be a novelty factor associated with the advertising campaign that you're running, but any 
sense on say, the repeat factor for the new molecule/product? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes, see we've now launched a new molecule in September last year. So this kind of market 
share gains cannot happen without repeats. So, I mean, you can get after advertising the first 
three, four months, your trials can go up and then the repeats can come down, etcetera. So that 
alone tells us that the repeats are high, because the scale of market share gain is very high. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Got that. And at least in our understanding, maybe our share in electricals is not of 60% before 
the recent share gain that you're speaking of. So potentially leaving apart the focus on trying to 
transition a lot of the incense in market into LVs, where can we potentially take our share of in 
the long term? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I mean, there's a good question to ask, because let's take in FIK, our share is 85, in cockroaches, 
it's 90 plus. So, I mean, when you have a differentiated product, and you have a moat, I suppose 
the sky's the limit. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Got that. The final bit is during the Analyst Meet, you did mention about obviously revamping 
the channel margin in architecture for the deodorant portfolio and the new launches. Just 
feedback on that, because obviously, at that time also, there was a slight apprehension given it 
was the first time that any company was trying to implement it. So just initial feedback on that? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
We're very happy, as I told you, we launched it in Tamil Nadu. Now, Tamil Nadu is the easiest 
case, by the way, because the lowest wholesale component, the most retail component and 
wholesale doesn't like this. But the lesson that we've learned is doubling of volumes and doubling 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
of volume shares and actually doubling of revenue also, because you're not really drop price, 
because price per ml, we've kept the same or our NSV per ml.  
I mean, shows us that this is a powerful idea, which is if you bring this category to INR99. Now, 
it's a hard transition to do. So we'll have to do this slowly and not like one shot because you do 
it in one shot, you can really lose a lot. But certainly, the right thing to do is to get this category 
to INR100 and then this category has to explore So I hope that takes the growth of the category 
up. We're also unique, because among the top couple of players, we probably have the best 
distribution for this kind of thing, because you need a wide distribution to compensate for initial 
loss of wholesale traction. So I guess we are quite as well placed among the top three players to 
kind of capitalize on this from a distribution point of view. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Understood. That’s it Sudhir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Mihir Shah from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Shah: 
Hi, team. Thank you for taking my question. Firstly, on the Africa business, after the cleanup 
the growth seems to have been quite strong. Firstly, is this growth sustainable and or what can 
be a reasonable growth for Africa on a sustainable basis and in FY26? So that's my first question? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I'll ask Aasif to answer that. 
Aasif Malbari: 
Sure. So I think one is we've kind of taken in a lot of interventions over the last year. Some bit 
of the growth is obviously kind of coming in because of, I would say, corrections or base 
corrections, which we've done in the past because we had taken down dealer inventory. I would 
kind of attribute around 10%, 12% of the growth to that. So should we be able to kind of grow 
by double digit over the next few quarters? I think we should, with macros being where they are. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. Secondly, on competitive intensity, Sweden, Indonesia, do you expect all the higher 
promotions, etcetera, that have happened to match competition? The impact of all this already 
factored into the margins this quarter or do you think that we can see some more margin pressure 
in coming quarters as well? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Look, it's hard to predict this. I can only guess this. I can't predict it. My guess is that margins 
may have bottomed out in Indonesia because of pricing pressure. Because my guess is that the 
market will grow faster. If the market grows faster, the kind of need for competitors to drop 
prices kind of slightly reduces. So that's my guess. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. No, I was just asking on a synchronous parity basis, have you taken… 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think a good model is to think that this is not. Anyway, maybe we can have a conversation in 
a quarter or two on this for us to assess whether my guess sitting here today is it's a bit temporary 
and it'll improve in a quarter or so. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. One on HI, if I can. The best of HI quarter sales are likely to come in the coming quarters. 
Should one revisit the HI guidance that you had called out? How do you see this rolling out 
during the year? 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I mean, look, I think we have achieved a certain kind of momentum on HI which we're convinced 
of, which is kind of moving from a zero to low single digit volume growth to a high single digit 
volume growth in HI. And I think we should probably kind of that's the guidance we should 
stick to for some time. I mean, there will be by the way another event where this should change 
because there has to be a limit to incense sticks growth. And when incense sticks growth taper 
off and then start declining, then it'll suddenly upgrade and we will have a lot of high market 
share in the premium segment. So there will be a second wind of growth. When that second wind 
comes, I don't know. But certainly, this first wind seems to be reasonably secure. 
Mihir Shah: 
I was thinking maybe we should up the guidance given the strong growth that we've seen? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Probably not because the relative growth of incense sticks continues unabated. See, so we can 
gain share within electrics that you can plan for. But if incense stick continues to grow, even if 
it doesn't downgrade from premium, it doesn't allow upgradation of premium. So I would still 
say at this rate that stick to the guidance. When we see incense stick slowing down, see HI will 
come back to you.  
But for the time being, I would say that this high single digit kind of growth in HI in a norm and 
this also will vary between low single digit and double digit depending on season, by the way, 
but on average, kind of this is what we should probably think of for some time. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. That's very clear and very helpful as well. Lastly, on soaps, if you can share, when 
does this price hike actually annualized if you can share that one and that's the last one. And 
thanks for all. They were all my questions. Wishing you all the best. 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Thanks. I think second quarter it annualized. So this quarter and by next quarter, Q3, it would 
have fully annualized.  
Mihir Shah: 
And sorry on the volume bit do you think that we can see sharp improvements in volumes if that 
by the case with pricing?  
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Yes, I think globally, we may not see from a console basis, we grew 8% volume. I don't think 
that will improve because it is a onetime Africa has done really well in quarter. I don't think 
that's the sustained number for Africa. But India, I think will edge up because see, India, as I 
told you, soaps was mid-teens.  
Now soaps is a composite of bad season and also this grammage cuts. And as I was telling Arnab, 
ultimately consumption doesn't fall. So I would be disappointed if India doesn't move from mid 
single digits to high single digits in the next few quarters. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. Thank you very much. Wishing all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abhneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Avneesh Roy: 
Two quick questions. On the pet food, any initial update you have showed us the product, very 
good consumption, live consumption you showed. Any further update on the initial market 
study, market foray, any pilot initial study you can share with us? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No, Abhneesh, it's early days. We've launched it in TN. We've sold in, again, I was in Chennai 
yesterday both to look at bloq and to look at our pet business and the first question I ask more 
than anything else is, is the product acceptance good and among consumers whose pets have 
used Ninja, the product acceptance is good. 
So I think at this early stage, that's the only relevant question, which is the product doing well 
or not? I would say it's doing well. But this is a long gestation, like Bloq, it's a long gestation 
thing where there'll be lots of ups and downs. We'll have to it's a several-year commitment where 
we will, probably the focus has really to be on consumer delight for now. And numbers and all 
we can, you know, really get into in a few years. 
Avneesh Roy: 
Sure. Sudhir, I wanted to understand on the pricing bit, you mentioned some price cuts in the 
bigger packs of hair color and in the spray of the dye, etcetera. What is leading to this? Is it 
benign raw material or desire to gain more market share in the larger packs of hair color, for 
example? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
See, in the case of household insecticide, we saw that our price per ml was very different from 
the rest of the world. And one of the barriers for aerosol penetration is pricing. And India was 
an overpriced market when compared to even our own markets of Indonesia and other markets 
that we operate.  
So our bet here is that it is better to have benchmark the prices versus the world, get to that price 
and get to volume growths, rather than not having volume growth. There we've thrown the 
kitchen sink, we've put the new formulation and dropped the price. I'm quite sure we'll see 
volume growths go up. 
In the case of hair color, the driver of price drop is we had launched a INR15 pack, which has 
done explosively well for us. But we did feel that the gap versus the large pack was too high. 
And we wanted to adjust our price pack architecture, which is what we've done with reducing 
the large pack from INR42 to INR37. So that the per ml price is still much better for the small 
pack. But that gap we kind of narrowed. These were the two drivers for the price drops. 
Avneesh Roy: 
Sure. Last quick question and it's more a question on the overall industry wanted to understand 
a bit more. So, Sudhir, if you see biscuits also currently, the INR5, INR10 pack is exactly seeing 
the same thing, where the grammage cut is optically leading to impact on the volume growth 
for, say, Britannia. 
Now, biscuit is a impulse category versus a soap, which is a dairy color as you rightly said. So 
in soaps, after two, three quarters, doesn't the consumption mirror the actual growth? Because 
still, how will the rate cut be absorbed. Ultimately, as you rightly said? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
I think it will, Avneesh. I think there's no reason for it not to. 

 
Godrej Consumer Products Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Avneesh Roy: 
Does it take 1 year? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
See, it could because you're also sitting on bases where there was extra grammage, then you're 
going to less grammage. There's a lot of inventory lying, inventory is lying at various parts, 
including the consumer's pantry. There might be an initial kind of titration, but my own 
experience, this is a necessity. Consumers use two grams of soap per bath. They need that cover. 
I mean, it's not the kind of thing that is such a large component of household expenditure that 
people titrate and it's not doing it. So it has to come back. It has not come back. I see the thing 
is that the grammage cuts have been really sharp. Like, I don't remember the number, but from 
56 grams, you've gone to 44 grams in like 12 months. 
So every quarter you're cutting and cutting and cutting. So every time the pipeline is going down, 
but look, if you do the maths over a two, three-year period the volume growth of soaps has to 
mirror the volume growth of the population. 
Avneesh Roy: 
Absolutely. One last follow-up and that's the last question, Sudhir. And this question was asked 
around three, four quarters back. So on the formulation by the number one player, that time you 
had said you would evaluate it. Now, some time has gone and still if you see palm oil goes up, 
palm oil goes down. The number one player's requirement of palm oil in Lifebuoy and Lux is 
lower by 20% versus say earlier. So in that context, what will be your analysis? Do you need an 
answer from a formulation perspective at some stage? 
Sudhir Sitapati: 
No, I think, Avneesh, I have to answer this in slightly general terms, which is we have to do 
what we at one point think is right for the consumers. And right now we think our formulation 
is right for the consumers. And we'll have to play our game on this, which is it's a long game we 
have to play. And we will continue to do that and see the situation. We are not happy with our 
market shares in soap, but we're not unhappy with it either. So we just have to wait and watch a 
little bit more on this, Avneesh. I still feel that our path is probably the right one and we should 
probably stick to it. But look, we are also ready to learn at any point in time on anything.  
Avneesh Roy: 
Okay. That’s all.  
Sudhir Sitapati: 
Okay. If there are no more questions, then thank you very much and have a good day. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Godrej Consumer Products, thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Disclaimer - The transcript has been edited for language and grammar; it however may not be a verbatim representation of 
the call. 
 
