 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited 
Registered Office: Unit No - 404, 4th Floor, City Centre, Plot No 05, Sector-12, Dwarka New Delhi 110075 
Corporate Office: 10th and 11th Floor, Capital Cyberscape Ullahwas, Sector 59, Gurugram, Haryana, India, 122102 
Email: info@mamaearth.in; Phone: 011 - 44123544 | Website: www.honasa.in 
| CIN: L74999DL2016PLC306016 | 
 
August 20, 2025 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Scrip Symbol: HONASA 
To,  
Listing Department 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 544014 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on August 12, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed a copy of transcript of Earnings Conference Call, held on 
August 12, 2025, on the unaudited financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 
30, 2025. 
 
This disclosure will also be hosted on Company's website viz. www.honasa.in.  
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
For Honasa Consumer Limited 
 
 
Gaurav Pandit 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Encl.: As above  
Gaurav 
Pandit
Digitally signed by 
Gaurav Pandit 
Date: 2025.08.20 
15:08:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Honasa Consumer Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2025 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VARUN ALAGH – CO-FOUNDER – CHAIRMAN AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – HONASA CONSUMER 
LIMITED 
MS. GHAZAL ALAGH – CO-FOUNDER AND CHIEF 
INNOVATION OFFICER – HONASA CONSUMER LIMITED 
MR. RAMANPREET SOHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– HONASA CONSUMER LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. POOJA KUBADIA – JM FINANCIAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Honasa Consumer Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Pooja Kubadia. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Pooja Kubadia: 
Good evening, everybody. Welcome to 1Q FY '26 Earnings Conference Call for Honasa 
Consumer Limited. Today on the call, we have Mr. Varun Alagh, Co-Founder, Chairman and 
CEO; Ms. Ghazal Alagh, Co-Founder and CIO; and Mr. Ramanpreet Sohi, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Varun for his opening remarks. Over to you. 
Varun Alagh: 
Thanks, Pooja. Hi, everyone. Welcome to the Q1 FY '26 call. I'll take you through the 
presentation for the next 10 minutes and then we will open for FAQs. Starting with the first 
section which we have been capturing in the past as well, which is our view on how the future 
of Indian beauty and personal care is shaping up. 
In the past, we have talked about sun care, serumization, premiumization of face care and hair 
care. And today, we are talking about growth of color cosmetics category. We believe there are 
three core macro reasons which are leading to the growth in this category. The first, of course, 
being increased women participation in the Indian workforce, which is a phenomena that 
continues and I think the next couple of decades will be a strong tailwind for this category. 
 
The second is how the adoption of this category is becoming younger over decades. A few 
decades ago in the last century, this used to be ‘after marriage’ category and which is why bridal 
sets used to be the biggest sort of beauty color cosmetic drivers. Over time, it went to ‘first job’, 
then through college, right, and now is reaching school levels in terms of the adoption of this 
category. 
 
We believe, looking at the global trends, the category adoption will continue to become younger 
as well, as the category -- the width of category adoption will continue to become wider. It used 
to be just a two product category in last century, which was lipstick, kajal and probably some 
compact. From that, the category has evolved quite a lot. And now a lot of different types of lip 
products, lip liners, concealers, etcetera, are also becoming mainstream. 
 
A combination of these three levers will ensure that this category grows the fastest amongst all 
cohorts in BPC over the next decade or so. We believe that by '28 itself, this is going to be a 
INR17,000 crores category. By 2030, this should be more than INR20,000 crores category, of 
which lip should be the largest sub segment and that's the sub segment that we are actually 
currently focusing on strongly with our play in Staze as well as in Mamaearth and we are quite 
optimistic and bullish on how both the category and our play. 
 
Outside of this, coming back to the quarter 1 FY '26 performance, we've delivered our highest 
ever quarterly revenue and PAT in the history of the organization, which is also a short history 

 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
of about 8.5 years. But in that journey, this is the highest quarter in terms of revenue and PAT 
that we have had. 
 
This is a 7.5% Y-o-Y growth, 11.6% sequential growth. Gross margin has seen improvement by 
48 basis points. EBITDA at 7.7%, which is a sequential improvement of 260 basis points. The 
quality of growth is actually even healthier because, again, UVG is at 10.5% is 300 basis points 
ahead of the value growth. So it's volume led growth. Working capital continues to be negative. 
 
This growth could have been higher if the early onset of monsoon would not have taken place. 
There is some impact in our largest category, which is sunscreen that we have seen on account 
of softness in sunscreen category in June. But overall, this is the performance that we have had 
in Q1. 
 
If you look at it from an EBITDA perspective, sequentially, we have gotten 264 basis points 
better. This is on account of gross margin expansion, increased salience of the offline channel 
as well as the scale leverage that we've seen coming in overheads. We'll continue to work on 
efficiency and effectiveness levers to make sure that our bottom line grows faster than our top 
line as we move forward from here. 
 
From a highlights perspective, I think the first key thing for me to talk about is the strategy of 
focus categories. I think while overall value growth is in single digits, but focus categories which 
contribute now already to about 80% of our revenues, have grown in double digits. And that's a 
healthier indicator of our strategic shift that we can see. And this is actually across, be it in online 
or in offline where we've seen the focus category approach working for us.  
We'll continue to double down on this approach, and we are confident that this will lead to even 
better results in the future. Mamaearth was a clear area of focus that we have talked about over 
the last few quarters and continues to be a strong area of focus for the company. In Q4, we talked 
about how in modern trade and e-commerce the focus categories have turned positive.  
Now in Q1, the focus categories in these channels have actually turned double digit. And the 
focus categories across all channels have now turned positive. So again, the change in strategy 
that we have done is showing results. And this growth is also now competitive growth because 
if you look at Nielsen shares in offline or our e-com shares, they are actually growing Y-o-Y 
and sequentially, respectively.  
So we are seeing healthy green shoots of the strategy that we've implemented, which is basically 
a three pronged strategy, focused on sharp category partitions and in those category partitions 
have superior products, awareness led brand building, right, and an always-on media strategy. 
This is what we've been executing starting February, and we are seeing healthy results of the 
same. 
 
In fact, in the latest Kantar Brand Health Track amongst the online buyers, Mamaearth is now 
perceived as the number one face cleanser and shampoo in the Brand Power survey that Kantar 
does, which is again a healthy sign of the brand pull and confidence that we are building among 
consumers. 

 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
Apart from Mamaearth, the GT distribution has been a continuous area of focus, and happy to 
say there also the green shoots continue. The strengthening in terms of infrastructure quality is 
now paying off in terms of -- earlier the secondary sales growth was healthy in terms of 
sequential. Now even on Y-o-Y basis that growth is becoming healthy.  
From a direct outlet reach perspective, we've gained by 50%. Nielsen also is showing a growth 
of 20% in terms of our distribution numbers and modern trade offtakes are also healthy. All in 
all, the pain that we sort of took is starting to pay off in terms of fruits. We are still continuing 
our work on fundamental infrastructure improvement because this is going to be a long-term 
lever of growth for us and that work, both in terms of capability processes and infrastructure, 
will continue to take shape. 
 
Apart from this, the young brands continue on strong growth trajectory with a 20% plus growth 
in Q1 as well. In all of the young brands, we are looking at now building ‘plus 1’ categories out 
of   their core categories or partitions. In BBlunt hair fall as a partition; Aqualogica, moisturizers 
as a portfolio; Dr. Sheth's serum as a portfolio; and Staze lipstick as a portfolio is what we are 
focusing on building and we are seeing strong green shoots in all of these. 
 
The Derma Co, of course, continues its strong trajectory. We are very confident this is going to 
be our next INR1,000 crores brand over the next few years. The two categories which were 
strong for the brand and had a INR200 crores plus run rate were serum and sunscreen. We are 
happy to inform that we now have a third category within the brand, which has touched more 
than INR100 crores run rate and is growing at 100% plus in terms of growth with acne as a 
partition, being the partition where the brand is doing well. 
 
And in Q1, we've also entered in hair care as a category, which itself is a INR13,000 crores 
category with hair fall as a partition in peptide-stem cell as a technology that we have used to 
enter into that partition. Our objective will be, like face cleanser, to build this into a strong 
category for the brand. 
 
We continue to strengthen the offline channel with strong focus on offtakes and expansion in 
chemist outlets. But overall, the brand continues to deliver superlative growth rate.. Innovation 
continues to be a strong pillar for us. We have now aligned it more towards, again, the focus 
categories that we have called out.  
Within those categories, entering into new partitions, strengthening our current partitions is the 
role that innovation is clearly driving. Across the brands, we've done effective innovations with 
strong launch rational, which you can see here. Apart from innovation, of course, renovation 
continues to be a very strong focus area. We have talked about product superiority being 
something that is on our minds all the time, and we are trying to enhance and improve product 
chassis across our portfolios. 
 
In the past, we have talked about how in serum and in face wash, we have tracked blind test 
winning commercialized formulations, which are beating the core competition in blind test. I'm 
happy to inform that we now have a shampoo formulae as well, which has beaten the leading 

 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
global brand in blind testing by a decent sort of margin and we are now commercializing this 
across our shampoo portfolio in Mamaearth. 
 
We have also taken pride in the fact that as a company, we are ‘India first’ and we build for 
Indian consumers, right, and contexts. Taking clue from that, our innovation team has been 
working on this technology called anti-pollution factor. India has a pollution problem. And of 
course, in the next H2 this will become a large problem across cities.  
And we wanted to make sure that our sunscreens, which provides sun protection, not only 
provide protection from sun, but also provide from pollutants. And that's the technology that we 
have been able to launch in Aqualogica called APF, which is an anti-pollution factor technology 
that provides 80% protection from external pollutants. And now we have that as part of our 
sunscreen portfolio. 
 
We've also been listening to consumer conversations around need for skin type-based skin care. 
In line with that brand like Derma Co where we have our 1% hydronic sunscreen portfolio that 
we have extended into different skin types now with a different sunscreen for dry, normal and 
oily. And this is also something that consumers have responded very well to. So we'll continue 
our strong focus on listening to consumers and innovating for the Indian consumer. 
 
Apart from brands, the next focus area has been around investing in people. We have a few 
leadership changes that we've seen. We have Yatish who has joined us as Chief Business Officer, 
and comes with 17 years of experience across Unilever and Flipkart, good offline/online 
exposure, joins us to lead the business teams across online and offline systems. 
 
We've also seen elevation of two of our leaders who have been with us for more than 3 years. 
Avinash and Karan taken over as Chief Supply Chain and Chief Human Resource Officer. Apart 
from this, we've also launched a milestone-based ESOP plan for our leadership cohort. This is a 
plan which is whereby everyone's goals are aligned now to certain organizational EBITDA and 
revenue milestones.  
And the plan gets unlocked and everyone creates value when as an organization we hit those 
milestones, and bringing a certain cohesiveness amongst the leadership group in driving 
organizational level goals, as well as excitement and retention in the talent pool that we're 
building. Apart from this, our work on purpose in giving back to community continues strongly.  
Mamaearth is now very close to its goal of planting 1 million trees. The Derma Co has provided 
science education to more than 30,000 kids. Aqualogica has provided clean water plants to more 
than 900 households. BBlunt has provided salon certifications to more than 15,000 women. And 
Dr. Sheth's vehicles which do health checkups in multiple villages have now completed 32,000-
plus health checkups. So as our brands grow, our contribution to communities also continues to 
grow. 
 
Thank you so much for listening in. I would love to answer the questions that you have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from ICICI Securities. 

 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
First of all, congrats on decent performance for the quarter. So the first question is regarding 
young brands, so which was growing at 30% plus earlier. Now that growth has come to the 20% 
plus growth. I understand that the base is now getting a bit bigger. But how do you see the 
competitive intensity in this segment?  
So because we have seen that some of the large players have repositioned their flagship brands 
with active ingredient plays plus some of the science-based products also. So how is the 
competitive intensity in those segments and how you are planning to mitigate that? 
Varun Alagh: 
Thank you for asking the question. I think, firstly, I would agree with the fact that the size of 
this cohort has actually become large. It's actually more than 50% contribution now. So as a 
group, it's actually bigger than Mamaearth for us now, and which is where the base effect does 
come into play. But within that environment, a 20% plus continuous, sort of, growth will make 
sure that it is a share gain play that we continue to do. 
 
Now, also specifically referring to what I talked about, the sunscreen impact is also higher within 
this cohort itself because this is the cohort where we have brands which have almost 70% 
contribution coming from sunscreen as a category. So there is a bit of that early monsoon impact 
as well. 
 
Competitive intensity, I would say, is high and has been increasing. But I think that's a reality 
that we are fairly tuned into. And we just need to ensure that be it our formulations, propositions 
or our communications remain ahead of the curve so that consumers choose our brands. So I'm 
not as worried about that. That's an edge that we need to sort of internally develop. But yes, I 
mean, that's my view on that. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Yes. And so if you can help us the growth, excluding of sunscreen impact, what would be the 
growth for the full -- for this quarter? 
Varun Alagh: 
So honestly, there is -- at a company level, I would say the impact of sunscreen growth is about 
200 basis points. I mean, of course, –the rest of the math can be done. But at a company level, 
the impact is about 200 basis points. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Yes, I completely understand that. And second question is regarding the profitability front. So 
we have seen decent increase in our profitability during the quarter. So what percentage of this 
contribution would be because of the lower A&P spend for these young brands now that has 
been becoming big. And also, in a way, it will help us to see what is the profitability of these 
younger brands. And if you can break up between The Derma Co and other younger brands? 
Varun Alagh: 
Yes. So I mean, like we have talked about in the past, right, I mean, brand profitabilities are a 
journey of their age and scale. Derma Co became profitable. Last year it became a single digit, 
now is a high single-digit level of profitability. Rest of the brands, of course, are still in invest 
zone and hence, are not profitable, expected to become profitable in next  couple of fiscal years 
basically. And that's the journey which they are all tracking on is how adds up. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. Okay. And third and last question from my end. So now the base would be catching up 
or let's say, the low base of Mamaearth would be catching up because of the general trade reset 

 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
that we have done. For the remaining part of the year, is it safe to assume that we can aim for 
double-digit top line growth and with improvement in profitability also? 
Varun Alagh: 
Yes. We do believe that for the remaining part of the year, we'll have good double-digit value 
growth. And from a profitability perspective, we should be in this zone of 7% for the rest of the 
year as well. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sucrit D Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. 
Sucrit Patil: 
I have a specific question for Mr. Varun Alagh. This is Sucrit Patil here. Sir, my question is, as 
Honasa grows across brands and offline stores, what are the key bets you are making that you 
believe will drive the next phase of growth? And if some of these bets like new formats or 
markets don't work out, what is your backup plan to protect margins and keep the momentum 
going? 
Varun Alagh: 
Thank you. I think like we have discussed today as well as in the past, there are 7 focus categories 
that we have chosen, which have been carefully chosen, keeping in mind the kind of growth, 
right to win, gross margin profiles, et cetera, that we have seen for these categories. And these 
are the categories in which our ambition is to, over time, become market leaders as a company. 
And I think that's the strategy that we would continue to implement. 
 
Now within that, whatever consumer needs, innovations, price points need to be serviced, we 
will continuously listen and provide those products to the consumers. But overarching, that will 
be the category strategy, followed by a strategy of ensuring that we win across distribution 
channels, be it in online or in offline, by doing right data based investments in online and right 
infrastructural investments in offline. Combination of these two, we are confident will lead to 
market-leading growth for our brands in the medium term. 
Sucrit Patil: 
Okay. So just to close the loop, as the competition rises, are there any long-term levers like tech 
or supply chain or brand partnerships that Honasa is planning in the coming days? And if you 
are planning some partnerships, can you discuss it with which firm are you planning? 
Varun Alagh: 
No, I think the long-term levers for us would continue to be -- they have been in the past, data 
and technology. That continues to be a very strong part of all decisioning that we do even within 
the company today, which is based on data and now based on a lot of LLMs that we have been 
internally instituting. 
 
Apart from that, the right media mix modelling, the right distribution partnerships with -- be it 
the offline or with the online players, be it e-commerce or QC players as well as strong 
partnerships with digital ecosystem partners like Google and Meta are what we are relying on 
and building strongly to deliver on our plans. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Mehul Desai from JM. 
Mehul Desai: 
So my first question is, obviously, on the younger brands. If ex of TDC, if you can give some 
flavor on Aqualogica, Dr. Sheth, BBlunt, Staze, how these have done in the quarter? And is any 

 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
of the brand where you are seeing results which are better than your expectations? And any of 
the brands where you think more work needs to be done? That's the first question. 
 
And the second question is on the margin side. Obviously, you did guide that 7% is something 
that can be sustained in FY '26. On that, I just wanted to double click. One, on the staff cost, do 
we see the INR60 crores run rate sustaining? And also the other expenditure this quarter, I mean, 
there has been a 10% de-growth. So it's a decent control that has been done on other expenses 
as well as the A&P spend side. So how do you see these cost line items also, whether that can 
sustain, especially on the A&P side? These are my two questions? 
Varun Alagh: 
Thanks, Mehul. So on the younger brand side, I mean, we've been talking of them as a portfolio. 
We will continue to talk about them as a portfolio because comparatively, nobody else just gives 
brand level growth. That said, I think from a quarter 1 only performance perspective, like I said, 
the brands which have much higher sunscreen reliance like Dr. Sheth’s and Aqualogica were 
relatively behind plan, but we are very confident that over the year. They will catch up to their 
plans and the balanced brands actually do ahead of plan. But overall, that's the picture that we 
saw. They're all in their journeys. They're all building other categories also which becomes 
important to diversify. And in those other categories, we are seeing high double-digit growth for 
most of these brands. So we are confident that over time, that will also get built up and the 
diversification risk will also get reduced.  
Apart from that, on your point of margins, I think finally, we have -- these are the large cost 
heads for us, Mehul, the A&P and the opex cost head. Gross margin, like I said, we have been 
continuously focusing on, and we have seen slight improvement as well. But these are the 2 
places from which we expect efficiencies to be effective, not just in this year, but also in the 
coming years to go. And hence, these are the 2 focus areas where we continue our control. 
 
And of course, because of the ESOP plan, we do expect some higher impact on opex side. But 
overall, because of the effectiveness in A&P, et cetera, we'll still be able to manage and deliver 
the 7% that we have talked about. I hope that answers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Jitendra Arora from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance 
Company Limited. 
Jitendra Arora: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just want to understand from you since we talked 
about the journey of margins and how they are a factor of scale and the age of particular brands. 
So just from your vantage point, as and when these brands, let's say, achieve a certain scale of, 
let's say, INR1,000 crores or INR1,500 crores, what kind of milestones do you have in mind as 
an organization that you would want these brands to see at?  
So would it be, let's say, a mid-teens kind of things, high teens or maybe in early 20s where we 
see some of the more mature organizations having their margins? 
Varun Alagh: 
So to answer your question, again, we are very early in this journey. We do believe from a next 
4 to 5-year view that some of our larger brands will surely be in the mid-teen kind of EBITDA 
range. And from there on, we will need to further see the journey of next 5 years, how it shapes.  

 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
The other difference that we also see is the online versus offline kind of brand presence and 
creation, which is there between us versus some of the other FMCGs, where their online 
contribution is supposed to go up, our offline contribution is supposed to go up, but yes, from 
next 4 to 5 years perspective, we can still see that mid-teen in our top brands to be surely 
happening. And beyond that, I think in a few years, we'll be able to give you a healthier version 
of where do we see it from the next 7 to 8 years. 
Jitendra Arora: 
To put it differently, in terms of what kind of improvements do we expect to see, let's say, year-
on-year? Like earlier, we had, I think, said that we will see 100 to 150 basis improvement on an 
annual basis for at least a few years till we reach. So do you think we are there on that journey 
that from here, let's say, if we are around 7%, we'll see 100 basis kind of improvement at least 
for next 2, 3 years, if not more and then obviously? 
Varun Alagh: 
Very much. Not just 2, 3, right, but probably for the next 5 to 6 years, we want to ensure that 
that's the journey of improvement that we continue to be on. 
Jitendra Arora: 
And just one last question on how are we tracking in terms of market share in quick commerce 
versus, let's say, the GT channel? 
Varun Alagh: 
So actually, the right question in comparison will not be QC versus GT. So quick commerce 
versus GT, our market shares are far higher in quick commerce compared to our market shares 
in GT. Actually, our internal benchmark has been quick commerce versus e-commerce shares. 
And in almost all of our focus categories, our quick commerce shares are higher than our e-
commerce shares, which is where it's a very healthy sign that any transition that happens from 
any other channel towards quick commerce is actually going to be healthier for us. 
Jitendra Arora: 
Can we say the same about the margins, as in so if the shifts happen from e-commerce to quick 
commerce? 
Varun Alagh: 
From a margin perspective -- compared to e-commerce, the margins are better. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pratik from HSBC. 
Pratik: 
This is Pratik from HSBC. I have a couple of questions. You did highlight it in the presentation, 
but I'd appreciate it if you can elaborate more on how the core brand Mamaearth is doing across 
your focus and non-focus categories, please. And my second question is on A&P expenses.  
So they are running at about 35% of sales as of now, of course, with different levels for different 
brands. Can you elaborate on what kind of levels does a mature brand need? And what are we 
basically heading towards for the mature brands, say, Mamaearth and The Derma Co in a few 
years? Some color on that would be helpful? 
Varun Alagh: 
Yes. I think the first question, like I said, right, we had recognized a few clear interventions 
needed in Mamaearth around October, November of last year. We took some time and worked 
on building a plan as well as content and strategy to execute these interventions, which we started 
executing from February onwards.  

 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
In Q4FY25 itself, we could see some green shoots of these interventions in e-com and modern 
trade channels, where the focus categories, which contribute about, at that time, about 65% to 
the brand had started to grow in double digits in these channels. In Q1, the focus categories now 
contribute to close to 70% plus of the brand and are growing double digit in e-com and MT and 
across all channels in single digits.  
So again, showing green shoots in the right direction on the strategy that we have adopted. Like 
I said, if we continue to see these gains, we are confident that over the year, the brand overall 
should also be back to growth profile and then from there onwards to a stronger growth profile 
over years is how we see that shaping. In terms of A&P expenses, especially for larger, more 
mature brands -- we think -- and this is something -- 
Pratik: 
On the second question. 
Varun Alagh: 
Yes, I was just taking that up. Yes. Can you hear us? Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, you're audible. 
Varun Alagh: 
Okay. So I'll continue. On the A&P trajectory, we believe over the majority of brands, this 
number should settle around 27%, 28% for brands, right, as they sort of grow over the next few 
years. 
Moderator: 
Pratik sir, does that answer your question? 
Pratik: 
Yes. So you're saying 27%, 28% is for mature brands and will probably be higher for different 
brands depending on the journey? 
Varun Alagh: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Neel Doshi from PL Capital. As there is 
no response from the line of the current participant, we'll move on to the next question. We have 
the next follow-up question coming from the line of Pratik from HSBC. 
Pratik: 
A quick bookkeeping question, please. Your stand-alone number seem to have been restated. 
Can you please elaborate on that, please? 
Ramanpreet Sohi: 
Yes. I think that's because of the approval of the merger of our two entities, which are our 
wholly owned subsidiaries, Fusion, which houses our brand Dr. Sheth’s and there was another 
entity called Just4Kids. Those two got approved for merger and hence, they have been -- our 
standalone financials have been restated to that account. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Aditi Parmar from I-Wealth Fund. 
Aditi Parmar: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just wanted to ask that there is a significant amount 
of cash in the balance sheet. So are you looking for any acquisitions in the future? How are you 
going to utilize this cash? 

 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Varun Alagh: 
Thanks for asking the question. Yes, we do have a healthy balance on our cash balance on the 
balance sheet and continues to grow with the negative working capital and profitable profile of 
the company. We continue to look at potential acquisition opportunities, which could be 
portfolio additive in nature in the areas which we feel are strong growth hypothesis areas for the 
category.  
I mean, we currently don't have anything which is in the stage that we can share with you. But 
that's a continuous exercise. We continue to do that. And we'll also look at figuring out younger 
opportunities that we can participate in the future to utilize this capital to drive growth from a 
long-term perspective. And outside of that, in the medium term, we'll also look at dividend as a 
strategy for cash utilization. 
Moderator: 
Our next follow-up question comes from the line of Mehul Desai from JM. 
Mehul Desai: 
Just one question again on the profitability side. Varun, obviously, you had guided for 150 bps 
kind of improvement going ahead. Now obviously, this year itself, we are at 7-odd percent. 
Would you still maintain that guidance of 150 bps expansion year-on-year continuing over 
medium term or you would say that, obviously, this year, obviously, you have got it ahead of 
your expectation? 
Varun Alagh: 
I mean exact math would be difficult to share, but like we have mentioned the attempt is to 
improve profitability by 100 to 150 basis points each year. So if you look at from a CAGR 
perspective, years might vary, some will be higher, some will be lower. But overall, that's the 
trend line that we'll follow in the coming 4 to 5 years. 
Mehul Desai: 
Got it. And lastly, from a regional performance perspective, is there any underlying trend that 
you would like to highlight? I mean, whether in the North, South, East, West, is there something 
different on a regional performance perspective? 
Varun Alagh: 
Honestly, no significant differential in performance. But what I would say is, honestly, being a 
North-based company, we believe that we haven't leveraged on the South opportunity as well 
and as we should have. And that's an internal focus area for us on how to get our vernacular 
communications as well as our insighting right to better serve the South markets and make sure 
that our shares are fairly indexed across the regions. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kimberly Paes from Envision Capital. 
Kimberly Paes: 
I just wanted to know that there were a few articles about us getting to the beauty device, beauty 
tech sort of market. Is this an area of interest for us? And how big would it be if it is? 
Varun Alagh: 
No, currently, no strategic interest in that area. The article did not have any backing from the 
company and its spokesperson. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vismaya Agarwal from Citigroup. 

 
 
Honasa Consumer Limited
 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Vismaya Agarwal: 
Varun, if you could share an update on Project Neev , how are things trending now that it's been, 
what, almost 8 to 10 months of that project? And any updates on the distributors that you 
appointed? Is there any churn or how stable that bit is? Yes, that's the big question for me? 
Varun Alagh: 
Thanks, Vismaya. So I think the like I mentioned, all our efforts on stabilizing and building an 
infrastructure, which can service our plans over the next 5 years, right. I think it's going in the 
right direction, right. The direct distribution metrics, like I said, has -- are 50% up and our 
inventory levels are very well under control now, less than 30 days on our direct distributors. 
We have zero overdues in terms of credit and a very healthy credit profile also. 
 
We continue to improve the quality of our partners one geographical cell at a time. That's an 
ongoing work in terms of improving our infrastructure. But I would say, of course, the worst is 
behind us, right, But the best is still ahead of us. We still need to continue to work in terms of 
improving infrastructure quality across cells, which is an effort both in terms of people, 
capability and partners that our teams continue to engage. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Agarwal, does that answer your question? 
Vismaya Agarwal: 
Yes. Sorry, the line broke in between. Yes, got the answer. Varun, just one more bit is on the 
statement that is there in the presentation where you say the secondary sales are growing on a 
healthy rate. Now -- but when I look at the Mamaearth overall brand performance, it's probably 
a slight decline, whatever that quantum be.  
And then I would assume the general trade part of it is where there's still some bit of 
rationalization in the non-focus part, the ex-of focus part rather, which we are doing. So from 
that aspect, is there still a difference between the primary and secondary sales the way the brand 
is trending or not so much? 
Varun Alagh: 
So very slight difference in case of Mamaearth, where we still continue to be very sort of sharp 
about correcting assortment and driving the right portfolio. But then there is also the positive 
delta that the channel is getting from The Derma Co scale-up and introduction, a combination 
of which is leading to positive sort of growth at the channel level. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Varun 
Alagh for closing comments. 
Varun Alagh: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for patiently listening in and asking your valuable questions. We 
look forward to meeting you again in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Honasa Consumer Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
