 
                   
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg . No. 115 
          CIN:  L67200MH2000PLC129408  
            You can contact us at:  
Mailing Address:  
           Registered Office: 
 
 
             Toll free No.: 1800 2666 
Sixth floor- Interface 16, 
           ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,              Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com   
 
Office no 601 & 602, 
           Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi, 
            Website: www.icicilombard.com 
New linking Road, Malad 
           Mumbai - 400 025. 
west, Mumbai - 400064. 
 
 
  
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/80-7/2026 
 
July 19, 2025 
 
To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of earnings conference call for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
This is further to our letter dated July 3, 2025 and July 15, 2025, please note that the 
Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) on 
Tuesday, July 15, 2025 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
  
In this regard, please find attached transcript of the earnings conference call with 
investor(s) and analyst(s) for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.  
 
The above information will also be made available on the Company's website at 
www.icicilombard.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. As above
  
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed 
by Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2025.07.19 
19:19:53 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 27 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO 
MR. ANAND SINGHI – CHIEF – RETAIL AND GOVERNMENT BUSINESS 
MR. GIRISH NAYAK – CHIEF – TECHNOLOGY AND HEALTH UNDERWRITING & 
CLAIMS 
MR. SANDEEP GORADIA – CHIEF – CORPORATE SOLUTIONS GROUP, 
INTERNATIONAL & BANCASSURANCE 
MR. GAURAV ARORA – CHIEF – REINSURANCE, UNDERWRITING & CLAIMS 
FOR PROPERTY & CASUALTY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
July 15, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, a very warm welcome to ICICI 
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's Q1 FY2026 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
                                     From the senior management, we have with us today, Mr. Sanjeev 
Mantri – MD & CEO of the Company; Mr. Gopal Balachandran – CFO; 
Mr. Anand Singhi – Chief – Retail and Government Business;                       
Mr. Girish Nayak – Chief – Technology and Health Underwriting & 
Claims; Mr. Sandeep Goradia – Chief – Corporate Solutions Group, 
International & Bancassurance; and Mr. Gaurav Arora – Chief – 
Reinsurance, Underwriting & Claims for Property & Casualty. 
 
Please note that any statements or comments are made in today's 
call that may look like forward-looking statements are based on 
information presently available to the management and do not 
constitute an indication of any future performance as future involves 
risks and uncertainties which could cause results to differ materially 
from the current views being expressed. 
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – MD & CEO, 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thank you so much. Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for 
joining the Earnings Conference Call of ICICI Lombard General 
Insurance Company for Q1 FY2026. 
 
Let me give you a brief overview of the trends you observed in the 
economy, as well as our industry, followed by an overview of the 
business. Post this, our CFO – Mr. Gopal Balachandran will share the 
financial performance of the Company, for the quarter ended                   
June 30, 2025.  
 
India's GDP1 growth for Q4 FY2025 surprised positively at 7.4%, and 
the full-year growth came in at 6.5%, according to the data released 
by MoSPI2.  
                                     Key macro-economic indicators such as GST collections and 
performance of the infrastructure sector indicate some positive 
momentum for Q1 FY2026. RBI’s3  cut in the repo rate by 50 basis 
points in early June 2025, income tax incentives by government and 
benign inflation is expected to augur well for the domestic economy. 
 
Let me now dwell on certain industry trends which can have an 
impact on the GI industry at large: 
 
In the current quarter, the government's continued emphasis on 
infrastructure deployment has fuelled growth across key sectors 
such as cement, steel, infrastructure and capital goods. With the 
banking sector remaining healthy and capacity utilization 
exceeding historical norms, any increase in domestic demand 
                                                 
1 GDP - Gross Domestic Product 
2 MoSPI -  Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation 
3 RBI - Reserve Bank of India 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 27 
could serve as a catalyst for private capital expenditure. These 
factors present a positive outlook for the Commercial lines of 
business in coming quarters. 
 
In Q1 FY2026, as per the data published by SIAM4, Private Car 
and Two-wheeler segment de-drew by 1.5% and 7.2% year on 
year respectively. However, in Q1 FY2026, basis the data 
published by FADA5, auto industry has grown by 4.9%. The 
Private Car segment grew by 2.6%, registering 0.97 million unit 
sales. The Two-wheeler segment has seen a modest growth of 
5.0% contributed by both urban and rural consumers. As the 
monsoon is forecasted to be normal, we anticipate that it will 
further fuel the rural demand. Commercial Vehicle (CV) has seen 
a growth of 7.0%, which was led by strong growth in Electric 
Three-wheeler category. As an organization, we remain 
optimistic for the Motor business in the coming months. 
 
The Health Segment remains the largest contributor to the 
industry, accounting for 40.2% of the GDPI mix in Q1 FY2026. 
Rising hiring activity, escalating medical costs and sustained 
credit growth are the key drivers fueling continued demand for 
Health Insurance. However, the overall industry growth 
trajectory continues to be moderated by the impact of the 1/n 
accounting norm. Despite this, the fundamentals of the Health 
insurance segment remain strong, positioning it as a critical pillar 
of long-term industry growth. 
 
Given the favorable economic indicators and positive regulatory 
environment, we expect the General Insurance industry to continue 
the growth momentum in medium to long-term. However, we remain 
vigilant on the ongoing geopolitical developments which may pose 
risk to both global growth and Indian economy. 
                                                 
4 SIAM - Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers 
5 FADA - Federation of Automobile Dealers Associations 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
Let me now share an update on key industry level events: 
Happy to share that recently launched campaign, "Achha Kiya 
Insurance Liya" is a commendable step by the General Insurance 
industry 
towards 
enhancing 
awareness 
and 
consequently 
increasing insurance penetration across diverse customer segments. 
This unified effort reflects the sector's growing commitment to 
driving financial protection and resilience in India. As one of the 
leading players in this industry, ICICI Lombard is well placed to 
contribute and benefit from the same.  
 
Another key event wherein the country was deeply affected was the 
tragic Air India plane crash. We extend our sincere condolences to 
the families who lost their loved ones. An event of this magnitude 
can have profound effect on all those involved. As an industry and 
as an insurer, we responded swiftly, prioritizing and supporting the 
affected family members and other stakeholders during these 
difficult times. 
 
Now coming to the industry performance for Q1 FY2026: 
 
The Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) grew by 8.8% for Q1 
FY2026. Excluding the impact of the 1/n accounting norm, the GDPI 
grew by 12.8% for Q1 FY2026. Excluding Crop and Mass Health, the 
GDPI grew by 11.1% for Q1 FY2026 (as published by GI council)  
 
Speaking on the specific segments within the industry: 
 
The Commercial segment reported a growth of 13.0% for the 
period ending Q1 FY2026. The growth is majorly driven by 
improved pricing in Property lines of business. 
 
The Motor segment growth for the industry stood at 8.7% for the 
period Q1 FY2026. The industry continues to witness significant 
pricing pressure as reflected by higher industry Combined ratio 
for the Motor line of business.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
The Health Segment, including Mass Health, grew by 8.1% for 
the period Q1 FY2026. Within this, the Group Health line of 
business grew by 9.6% for Q1 FY2026, whereas the Retail Health 
growth stood at 9.4% for Q1 FY2026, impacted by the 1/n 
accounting norm.  
 
Speaking on the Underwriting performance of the industry: 
Overall, the CoR (Combined ratio) for the industry, worsened to 
112.6% for FY2025, as against 112.0% for FY2024. The overall CoR 
for private players worsened to 111.4% for FY2025 from 108.7% for 
FY2024. Industry Combined worsening was largely due to the Motor 
line of business. It stood at 123.7% for FY2025 vis-à-vis 118.5% for 
FY2024. As against this, our continued focus on driving profitable 
growth has helped us to show a Combined ratio of 102.8% for 
FY2025 vs 103.3% for FY2024.  
Also, it is pertinent to note that the Company's contribution to overall 
underwriting losses is at 2.7% only, vis-à-vis an 8.7% market share 
for FY2025. 
 
I will now speak about the Company's performance across key 
business in Q1 FY2026: 
The Company's GDPI registered a growth of 0.6% as against the 
industry growth of 8.8% for Q1 FY2026. Excluding Crop and Mass 
Health, the Company's growth was at 3.4% compared to the 
industry growth of 11.1% for Q1 FY2026.  
 
In the Commercial lines segment, our growth stood at 6.8% for 
Q1 FY2026 as against the industry growth of 13.0% for the same 
period. Whilst the industry has seen an improvement in pricing at 
an overall level, however, there have been different levels of price 
action within sub categories of Commercial lines. We continue to 
drive profitability through prudent risk selection and distribution-

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 27 
led growth. We have maintained a leadership position in the 
Engineering and Marine Cargo lines of business.  
 
In the Motor segment, our growth stood at 3.2% for Q1 FY2026 
as against the industry growth of 8.7%. In the backdrop of 
elevated competitive intensity, as stated earlier, we continue to 
drive our strategy in Motor insurance based on granular portfolio 
segmentation and distribution expansion. We continue to 
maintain our leadership position with a market share of 10.5% 
for Q1 FY2026.  
 
Our portfolio mix for Private car, Two-wheeler and Commercial 
Vehicle stood at 54.8%, 27.0% and 18.2% respectively, in 
comparison to the mix of Q1 FY2025, which stood at 51.5%, 
26.0% and 22.5% respectively.  
 
 
In Health segment, we grew by 1.9% for Q1 FY2026 as against 
the industry growth of 8.1% as at Q1 FY2026, on a 1/n basis.  
 
o Our Retail Health business line continued to maintain the 
growth momentum, pursuant to which we have gained 
the market share. We registered a growth of 32.2% as 
against industry growth of 9.4% as at Q1 FY2026. The 
continued innovation in Retail Health products and 
investment in Retail Health distribution has helped us to 
increase market share which now stands at 3.5% for Q1 
FY2026 as against 2.9% for Q1 FY2025.  
 
o Our Group Health segment de-grew by 2.5% for Q1 
FY2026 when compared with Q1 FY2025 resulting in our 
market share being at 10.1%. This was essentially 
attributable to lower growth in our Group Benefit segment 
due to muted credit disbursements coupled with the 
impact of 1/n accounting norms. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
Would now like to apprise you of other key initiatives of our       
organization: 
o The initiatives under ‘One IL One Team’ continue to deliver 
measurable results, underscoring our commitment to 
sustainable and profitable growth at the organization level. A 
key initiative in this journey has been the consolidation of our 
customer-facing call centres into a unified, ‘One IL One Call 
Centre’ aimed at standardizing practices, enhancing 
operational efficiencies, and delivering a superior customer 
experience through strategic technology interventions. 
  
The integration of process under this initiative resulted in a 
78% increase in productivity for Q1 FY2026, along with 
reduction of headcounts of the fresh acquisition team and 
service team by 22% and 10% respectively. Our digital service 
engagement has gone up to 38% in Q1 FY2026, up from 22% 
in Q1 FY2025. This was made possible through the use of 
Artificial Intelligence, Voice Bot, Propensity Modeling and 
targeted campaigns.  
 
o We further improved our efficiency in Motor claims. Our 
Preferred Partner Network serviced 74.6% of our non-OEM 
claims in Q1 FY2026, up from 72.0% in Q1 FY2025. 
 
o Launched in April of 2024, our IL Sahayak initiative has 
strengthened on-ground claim support for our health 
customers. In Q1 FY2026, the initiative assisted over 28,000 
customers, reflecting an increase from 8,000+ customers 
supported in Q1 FY2025. This growth highlights our 
continued focus on enhancing the customer experience and 
delivering timely, accessible support during the critical 
moments. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 27 
o Our digital platform continues to aid our growth with visitors 
increasing 21% year on year (YoY) and increase in fresh 
business by 69% year on year. This is fuelled by our one-stop 
solution ‘IL TakeCare App’ for all insurance and wellness 
needs. This surpassed 16.6 million downloads.  
 
o Our focus on customer experience and process efficiency has 
led to an NPS of 68 and 69 for Health and Motor claims 
respectively for FY2025.  
We have demonstrated resilience amidst industry challenges, 
maintaining our focus on profitability. Guided by our ‘One IL One 
Team’ philosophy, we continue to harness the power of data, 
technology and innovation to drive our progress. Our robust multi-
product, multi-distribution strategy allows us to adopt swiftly and 
serve our customers more effectively while delivering profitable 
growth. 
 
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers 
for the recently concluded quarter.  
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Sanjeev, and good evening to each one of you. I will now 
give you a brief overview of the financial performance of the recently 
concluded quarter. We have uploaded the Results Presentation on 
our website, and you can access it as we walk you through the 
performance numbers.  
 
With effect from October 1, 2024, Long-Term Products are 
accounted on a 1/n basis, as mandated by IRDAI. Hence, Q1 FY2026 
numbers are not comparable with prior periods. Please refer to our 
Investor Presentation for further details. 
 
The Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the Company was                      
₹ 77.35 billion in Q1 FY2026 as against ₹ 76.88 billion in Q1 FY2025, 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 27 
a growth of 0.6% as against the industry growth of 8.8%. Excluding 
Crop and Mass Health, GDPI growth of the Company was 3.4%, vis-
à-vis the industry growth of 11.1% in Q1 FY2026.  
 
Our GDPI growth during the quarter was primarily driven by growth 
in the preferred segments. The overall GDPI of our Property and 
Casualty segment grew by 6.8% to ₹ 26.77 billion in Q1 FY2026 as 
against ₹ 25.08 billion in Q1 FY2025. 
 
On the retail side of the business, the GDPI of the Motor segment 
was at ₹ 24.44 billion in Q1 FY2026 as against ₹ 23.69 billion in Q1 
FY2025, registering a growth of 3.2%.  
 
The advance premium numbers for the Motor segment was at             
₹ 38.07 billion as at June 30, 2025, as against ₹ 37.17 billion as 
at March 31, 2025.  
GDPI of the Health segment was at ₹ 23.81 billion in this quarter as 
against ₹ 23.37 billion in Q1 last year, registering a growth of 1.9%.  
 
Our agents, which includes the point of sale distribution count, 
was at 1,43,675 as at June 30, 2025 up from 1,40,736. This was 
the number as at March 31, 2025.  
 
Our combined ratio stood at 102.9% for Q1 FY2026, as against 
102.3% for Q1 FY2025.  
 
Our investment assets during the quarter rose to ₹ 554.53 billion as 
at June 30, 2025, up from ₹ 535.08 billion as at March 31, 2025. Our 
investment leverage (net of borrowings) remains the same at 3.74x 
as at June 30, 2025, and as at March 31, 2025.  
Investment income was at ₹ 12.88 billion in Q1 FY2026 as against   
₹ 11.28 billion in Q1 FY2025. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
Our capital gains (net of impairment on investment assets) stood at 
₹ 3.80 billion in Q1 FY2026 compared to ₹ 2.84 billion in Q1 FY2025.  
                                     Our Profit before tax (PBT) grew by 28.4% to ₹ 9.94 billion in Q1 
FY2026 as against  ₹ 7.74 billion in Q1 FY2025.  
Consequently, Profit after tax (PAT) grew by 28.7% to ₹ 7.47 billion 
in Q1 FY2026 as against ₹ 5.80 billion in Q1 FY2025.  
Return on Average Equity (ROAE) was at 20.5% in Q1 FY2026 as 
against 19.1% in Q1 FY2025.  
Solvency ratio was at 2.70x as at June 30, 2025, as against 2.69x as 
at March 31, 2025. This continues to be higher than the minimum 
regulatory requirement of 1.50x. 
 
As I conclude, I would like to reassure that we remain committed and 
focused on our strategy of innovation and driving profitable growth, 
consistent and sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders, 
while continually ensuring that the interest of the industry and our 
policyholders is in the forefront at all times. 
 
Thank you and we will be open to take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. First question is from Nischint Chawathe from Kotak. Please 
go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: Hi, thanks for taking my question. My question is actually on the 
Commercial lines of business. Somewhere at the beginning you 
mentioned that pricing has improved in this segment. But I think at 
the same time, you also said that there are different levels of pricing 
and as I see you have shrunk the market share a little bit in this 
segment. So just curious, what is your view on this segment? And do 
you expect this to be a profitability accretive in this financial year? 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 27 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Sure. Thanks, Nischint, for your question. The simple answer is, I 
mean, overall, yes, with the overall sentiment in pricing getting 
better, we do expect it to be more profitable. If you remember, last 
year when we were engaging in every possible quarter, we had 
spoken about the excessive intensity and aggression on the pricing 
front. Certainly, there is a bit of a semblance overall. But we also said 
that along with the multiple sections witnessing competitive 
intensity as we have seen, what we have done is distribution-led 
growth, primarily because on the corporate side of the large risks, 
still there has been some bit of an aggressive pricing which has come 
in. We have done what is required to drive profitable growth for us. 
Your seek on, do you expect it to continue? Our belief is yes and what 
market is doing at this point is pricing risk appropriately, to an extent, 
which was not happening otherwise in the previous year.  
Nischint Chawathe: So, this should actually be a kind of profitability accretive this year is 
what we are trying to say.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
I mean, practically it is very difficult to forecast. The simple answer is 
pricing should hopefully be better than what it is. But you know, Fire 
as a business line has to play out over quarters because it's driven 
by very low frequency and very high severity. But on whether it 
should be profitable overall, my answer is yes.  Having said the same, 
it will have to play out because it's driven by extreme losses as and 
when it happens, if it happens.  
Nischint Chawathe: Yes, of course. The other question is, on the loss ratio in the Health 
business, if you could help us split it between the Retail and the 
Group business.  
Gopal Balachandran: So, Nischint, I am giving the group numbers first, which is Corporate 
Health. Q1 last year was 97.9%. This is last year Q1. That number 
for Q1 this year is at 95.7%. On the Retail Indemnity, again similar 
periods, Q1 last year was 72.5%. Q1 this year is 74.3%.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 27 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a follow-up on the loss ratio of the Retail Health. You mentioned 
it's gone up from 72.5% to 74.3%. Given that we would have had a 
very strong growth on the fresh premium, would you say that the 
severity and the frequency of Retail Indemnity has gone up 
substantially? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Prayesh, I think, if you remember, even last year, first quarter, we 
did kind of talk about a slight increase in incidences. So, we do see 
that playing out even for quarter 1 of this year. So, there has been an 
increase in incidence. But as you would have seen, even when we 
started the last year, quarter 1 number was 72.5%. But by the time 
we ended, if you would have seen the number on a full-year basis, 
our Retail Health loss ratio ended at about 67.9%. 
 
Exactly to your point, I think what's helping us is the growth that we 
are seeing, largely aided by the Elevate product offering that we 
have been talking about. I think that continues to kind of do well. 
Therefore, this is just quarter 1 and our expectation is pretty much in 
line with the range of loss ratios that we have consistently spoken 
of. I think in all fairness, the expectation is that we should kind of end 
the year in the same loss ratio range of 65% to 70%. That is the range 
at which we are comfortable with. As of now, I think things seem to 
be pretty much looking around within that range. This is just a 
quarter 1 phenomenon. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just and again the 32% growth that you have seen on the Retail 
Health, how much of that would be say portability and how much 
would it be from first-time customers to the industry? Can you give 
some qualitative comments there because that will help us 
understand the quality of business?  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 27 
Gopal Balachandran: Prayesh, in general, if you look at it, our market share in retail health 
has been on the lower side. So, I think as a Company, we have had 
an aggregate market share of 2.9% as at Q1 FY2025. I think we have 
moved the needle, which is what we talked about to and we have 
moved it to about 3.5% as at Q1 FY2026. And the endeavor for us is 
to kind of make sure that again, we undertake initiatives which help 
us retaining our own customers. We had spoken about the same in 
last year quarter 4 as well. So, therefore, in that sense, obviously, 
that is an area where we are actively focusing on so that we are able 
to improve our own retention. Two, again, the objective will be to try 
and see if we can get more customers, particularly which are new to 
insurance.  
 
To your point on what could be the extent of portability, we don't 
separately call out that number. But clearly from our standpoint, 
what we can talk about is on a relative basis, I think the proportion 
of what we would have seen as a rollover, whether it is quarter 1 or 
quarter 4 of last year vis-à-vis what we have seen in quarter 1, I think 
definitely that mix is relatively on the lower side.  
Prayesh Jain: 
And just coming back to the Motor segment, what are your thoughts 
on Motor TP price hike? Do you think that can come through?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, hi, Prayesh. Sanjeev here. We are also as much aware as you 
are. There is enough and more news that we can, we are ourselves 
seeing that something is expected. Has the industry made the 
representation? Answer is yes. But we would not have any update 
beyond that. But it is kind of expected, but in our working and in our 
thought process and in our sourcing, the way we operate, we take 
things as they exist at this point of time where there is no TP hike. 
But we must share the optimism, which is there overall since for the 
last four years almost, there has been very little that has happened 
on the TP side. Some increase would be a relief for the industry 
overall.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 27 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a follow up on that. Can it happen without a chair person and a 
regulator?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, the manner in which it gets announced is more in consultation 
with IRDAI. So, it can happen technically, but again, this is something 
which is beyond our ambit and we don't want to further dwell on this 
structurally.  From whatever is known to us, it may be possible. I 
mean, Gopal, any views on this?  
Gopal Balachandran: No, the only other thing that I would add, Prayesh, is we definitely 
think  a price increase is warranted and that is what the industry has 
largely been looking at As in, for example, again, similar to what we 
have been speaking, which is when we see court compensation or 
court award getting exhibited and the element of claim inflation that 
you are required to build as a part of the loss cost, definitely there is 
every reason for us to believe that one should definitely seek a price 
change. Exactly when will it happen? How it would get notified? I 
think honestly we will have to wait for it. But there is definitely a case 
for the industry to seek a price increase given the fact that for the 
last few years, we have not necessarily seen, in that sense persay, a 
meaningful price increase on Third Party. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. See, the Fire growth for us has been 
lower compared to industry. And we invariably are the market 
leaders after probably New India in that business. So, just wanted to 
understand that given the bulk of the business happens in first 
quarter in Commercial lines, is it fair to say that maybe because of 
the pricing environment, our expected growth, which was maybe 
meaningfully very higher, will remain at the current levels for the full 
year?  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 27 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Fair question, Sanketh. If it is something which you have to think in 
as a trend, I believe our growth can also increase overall in coming 
quarters. But the bulk of the booking does happen in 1st quarter. To 
that extent, mathematically speaking, you are right.  
                                     However, progressively, last year, the discounting kept increasing as 
quarters kept happening, right? So, the market kept hitting new 
levels of discount. So, to that extent, if there is some bit of a 
semblance that is coming in, the industry should show further 
positive trend as far as year on year growth is concerned. And in line 
with that, we would also like to believe and back ourselves to say 
that we will also see that positive trend continuing. However, 
whether we will be able to breach the delta that is existing in quarter 
1, our endeavor obviously is to get that managed through quarters 
and see that we stay where we want to be. It will be purely a function 
of how the pricing elements are working out in different sections and 
we will take a call accordingly.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, Sanjeev. And the second thing which I wanted to understand 
is that if I look at the Motor growth based on the mix what you 
disclose in the PPT, it seems that you de-grew largely in the 
Commercial Vehicles while your growth in Two-wheelers and Cars 
looks okay compared to overall growth. So, is it largely because of 
the intensive competitive environment or are we recalibrating 
compared to what we did last year in that line of business?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Sanketh, I think you are again spot on. See, beginning of the year, 
again the normal inflation and all of that comes through, owing our 
respective loss ratios that is expected to happen and if there is no TP 
hike, it does make the overall math adverse. Logically speaking, the 
cost of accretion to that extent should get adjusted so that the TP 
hike, if it's not there, still the overall math falls in place. We did realize 
that the market overall did not change the trajectory and we felt to 
be a bit more prudent at this point of time. You are spot on, Sanketh. 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 27 
Yes. That’s what is reflective of. It is not that we don't want to do the 
right thing and see CV also showing positivity, but it is purely a 
function of selection which has made us come out the way we have 
come out in terms of outcome. But we don't want to do it and you 
know that, Sanketh, at the cost of profitability.  
Sanketh Godha: 
So, basically, in simple words, if there is a price hike, say, in a couple 
of months, then is it fair to say that you might see a pull back or a 
better growth in CV segment.  
Sanjeev Mantri:       So, it is a function of how the market reacts. Further, suppose, I am 
just giving a scenario. The simple answer to what you said is logically 
yes, meaning it should work out what you are saying. But supposedly 
the market reacts again more sharply and ends up throwing a lot 
more money in terms of cost of acquisition, we will again end up 
calibrating. So, logically what you are saying should happen, but we 
will have to wait till it plays out.  
Sanketh Godha: 
And last one, Crop insurance, ₹ 1,425 Cr, what we did last year. 
Today we are doing just ₹ 18 Cr in the current quarter, maybe timing 
difference. So, given you mentioned in the PPT that you won a few 
clusters, so is it fair to say that there will be year-on-year growth in 
the Crop business in the current year?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Year-on-year growth, difficult to envisage. See, for Crop, most of the 
things will come up for bidding next financial year. This year, there 
are very few actions. So, as luck would have it, Maharashtra, where 
we were already there and this year should have lasted, has gone 
for re-tendering, consequent to which we had to rebid. Whether we 
were to match it or grow, only time will tell, but not too many 
opportunities at this point of time to see that we can exceed that 
number at this juncture.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 27 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nidhesh Jain from Investec. Please go 
ahead.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on competitive 
intensity. So, which are these players who are engaging in intense 
competition at this point in time? Because last time these were 
mostly private sector players. But this time if we look at the industry 
data, the market share gain is happening from PSU players. So, what 
is driving that and how do you see that ending up? Last time, a 
couple of players have shown very high losses and then competitive 
intensity reduces for one year. But again, we are seeing that 
competitive intensity is increasing. So, how do you see this plays out? 
And what are the timelines, let's say, when this will taper off? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Nidhesh, I think the way I think we would respond is, all of this 
thankfully is public information. Therefore, the market clearly knows 
which companies are aggressive, which companies are kind of 
gaining market share. So, without specifically kind of getting into 
names, I think this is all there in the public domain. I think all that, is 
what we kind of put out as a part of the opening transcript, and we 
called out the same even last year. I think on Motor specifically if you 
would have seen, honestly there was an expectation last year for the 
industry to actually see an improvement in Combined, which, if you 
remember, finally ended the year with a Combined ratio of almost 
124% for the industry as a whole, compared to roughly about 118% 
that we had seen one year back. So, that's how we have entered into 
the current year and that's also the reason why, if you would have 
seen for us, I think relative to the industry growth in Motor which has 
been a single-digit number of roughly about 8% plus, our growth in 
Motor has been 3.2%. So, that's again a conscious call. 
 
Now how long can some of these players subsist elevated 
competitive intensity? The good news is, again, for each of the 
companies there is public disclosures on their outcomes in terms of 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 27 
Combined ratios. While majority of the companies we have the full-
year numbers, some companies possibly could have announced 
numbers even for quarter 1 as we speak. So, clearly, it seems to 
suggest that the market continues to stay competitive. At 124% plus, 
honestly we don't necessarily see, at an aggregate level in that sense 
gaining market share. But within the segments, obviously we will 
grow where we think it is appropriate. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
And you know, just to add to it, as an entity we have to show 
tremendous patience. If you go back into history, last year in H1 we 
had gained, then we kind of moderated and that kind of moderation 
continued. But we know that if there is this kind of intensity which is 
at a very different level at this point of time, we are willing to wait it 
out and we know those cycles will come where we will have our 
opportunity. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Yes, the only thing is that the time difference between cycles is quite 
short. We are just getting one year of time period where the 
competitive intensity is okay. But again then some new set of players 
keep coming in and the competitive intensity increases. So, it is not 
that the two, three-year period that is upcycled in terms of 
reasonable competitive intensity in the sector. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
 Fair point, Nidhesh, but the fact of the matter is, if new players are 
coming, they also, over long-term, are expecting value to be created 
and that's why they are attracting new players. Suppose there are 
no new players coming, also speaks of the fact that the sector is not 
doing enough to attract capital.  
 
Frankly speaking, my view to that, Nidhesh, is the other way around 
and while that we would love to have periods of three years, two 
years, as you mentioned, but we are very well equipped with a multi-
line, multi-product, multi-channel entity to manage these kinds of 
variability. It's part of our day-to-day existence.  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
So, at times, from an investor standpoint, when you look at it, you 
wonder what's happening. But as a Company, you know, and you 
see the numbers from almost 2008 since the de-tariffing happened, 
the industry grew at 15% and they are around that region. But we 
have probably grown at about 13, 13.5, almost a percentage and a 
half lower over from 2008 to 2025. But the CAGR profit growth of 
the industry is probably about 8% to 10%, and ours is almost 20%. 
So, we back ourselves in these times also. We would love to have it 
the way you are saying and this keeps us agile also. So, it really 
doesn’t worry us, but from your standpoint, maybe you have got a 
point.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
That's it from my side.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thanks, Nidhesh. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go 
ahead.  
Shreya Shivani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. First is on the 
tragedy that you mentioned about. I just wanted to understand, how 
much of these claims have been included in our performance this 
quarter with the hull losses have they come in this quarter or whether 
they are going to come in the next quarter? And I am assuming there 
will also be the personal accident bit. So that can be spread over 
some time, I understand. But what has happened with the aviation 
claim? That I wanted to understand. 
 
Second is on the long-term policy. So, I remember when this was 
launched, there was a bit of confusion or not confusion, the entire 
way in which you are paying out commissions to your distributor on 
the long-term policy has also changed, right? It will be in that one-
third, one-third, one-third format or whatever, whatever 1/n format. 
So, has the behavior of the distributor changed now that you are 6-

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 27 
9 months into it? In which product segments has it changed? Are 
some product segments going to become one-year product only 
instead of being long-term because of this policy change? Some 
commentary around that. Those are my two questions. 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Shreya, on the first one, I think again as we have always said, I 
think it is very difficult to comment on individual claims. I think what 
we can say for sure is, which is what we have been telling even 
earlier at the time when the incident had happened, given the 
exposure that we have on the risk, the impact that we have on the 
net, they have been completely kind of provided for. 
 
So, whatever results that you see for quarter 1 factors in for the likely 
impact of claims because honestly we will not know when the 
estimate will eventually play out. But I think it is well within our ability 
to absorb such losses. That's primarily the business that we are in. 
Therefore, to that extent, we have been able to kind of provide for 
estimates. This is what we have as of 30th of June, 2025. 
 
To your second point on long-term policies, that's the flexibility which 
I think clearly the market has got. I think they have to decide in terms 
of how do they want to incentivize sourcing of policies. As we speak, 
you are right, we are into the 3rd quarter of the change. Market still 
continues to exhibit differentiated behavior in terms of some of them 
exhibiting, some of them kind of seeking upfront, some of them 
obviously willing to kind of take over a period of time. But if you ask 
us, has there been any major shift in the behavior relative to what 
we had seen in Q3 and Q4, the short answer is no. We have not 
necessarily seen any major shift.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
No, so, there you know, I will quickly update you that as Gopal said, 
in certain constructs of long-term, there can be differential practice. 
But more so on the Health side, the industry has been very unified in 
terms of procuring long-term products. Initially, in initial quarters, we 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 27 
did see the long-term sourcing getting impacted for us because we 
had moved in line with the regulation and others had not moved. But 
thank God in the sense that now the practice has been uniformly 
addressed by each one of them and from there on, we all see those 
numbers reverting back. So, to that extent, it is a positive sign and 
the partners are also finding an obvious benefit of doing long-term 
policies for the customers. Yes, so there is normalcy as far as Health 
part of the business is concerned on the Retail side.  
Shreya Shivani: 
And just on the first question, just a follow up, sorry. How much can 
we say is the total Combined ratio impact of that event, if there is a 
number?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
It's baked in and the fact that we are not calling out, otherwise we 
would have called out, it is something which comes in the usual 
course of business. And these are all estimates. It will fructify, but it's 
addressed at this juncture and we don't think it's appropriate to call 
out that number separately.  
Shreya Shivani: 
Sure, sure. It's okay. Thank you so much. This was very useful. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Shreya.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. I got disconnected in between, 
so maybe this is a little bit of a repeat. So, when you point out 
competitive intensity, are we seeing some letdown in competitive 
intensity due to increased, due to probably slightly lower commission 
payouts, because EoM ratios remain high for a lot of private guys? 
And is it because of that, that the PSU guys are increasing their share 
or is it that the PSU players pricing itself is lower? So, that was one 
question. And what is your expectation given that now a 
considerable amount of time has passed and EoM levels still remain 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 27 
very high for a lot of the guys? So, what is your expectation on what 
can happen out there?  
Gopal Balachandran: So, Madhukar, I think you are absolutely right. I think what will be a 
key watch will be because this will be the third year of the glide path 
that the regulator announced in 2024. Even if you look at public 
disclosure of all the companies which is now out for FY2025 as we 
speak, it's been about 50% of those companies are still yet to toe the 
line within the limit of 30% or 35% that the regulator has stipulated. 
So, hence, that will be something that will be closely watched for. 
 
Clearly, if you recollect even last year when the regulator had kind of 
looked at these companies, they have been asked to kind of give a 
clear roadmap every quarter in terms of what is their plan to achieve 
the numbers within that limit of 30 or 35. So, hence, that will be 
clearly a key determinant for most of the players who have not 
necessarily yet met the limits.  
 
What could happen in terms of the competitive intensity is, again, 
which is what we responded in response to one of the earlier calls, 
which is to say that I think players who have chosen to be very 
aggressive in the last 2-3 years, you can clearly see basis their public 
disclosures, their Combined ratios have got significantly impacted. 
They are clearly calibrating growth numbers. Hence, of course, this 
is market, so obviously there are other set of players who choose to 
then get a bit aggressive. In entirety, when you put all of this 
together, which is where we called out, industry Combined ratio still 
continues to remain elevated at about 113%. And within that Motor 
continues to stay elevated at about 124%. How long can this subsist? 
Honestly, we believe that you cannot continue to lose 25 cents to a 
dollar for a very long period of time.  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Also, Madhukar, we also believe that sometimes the solution you are 
seeking on the EoM can be worse than the problem. And that's what 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 27 
Gopal is talking about. You may want to chase a business which 
comes on a lower cost of acquisition and at a pricing, which is very 
aggressive now. Clearly, if that is the solution industry seeks to 
manage the EoM glide path, we will let them take that call. And to be 
fair, it's each one to his own self on that. But we will have to see how 
it plays out.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
Right. Also, a follow-up. See, even on Health, because of the long-
term policies, how has industry sort of reacted in terms of payment 
of commission over there on the long-term policies? That's one part 
of the question. Are most people paying any…? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
The answer to that is, Madhukar, it's all 1/n. We pay it on a yearly 
basis for long-term Health policy. Yes.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
And on renewal premiums, are we seeing some sort of reduction in 
commission in renewal? Because that was one of the expectations 
also given...  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
It is and you are spot on. Definitely there is a delta which exists 
between the fresh sourcing of Health and the renewal. And to be fair, 
it's at the industry level. It's not only for ICICI Lombard.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please go ahead.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, sir. Just two questions. One on the Group Health part, obviously, 
you had kind of moderated your growth trajectory somewhere 
towards the second half last year, given the competitive pressure. 
So, just wanted to get some sense, you know, with your base kind of 
normalizing from, let's say, the second half of this year, I mean, how 
do you see the growth in that part of the segment and the 
competitive intensity? Your loss ratios have also kind of improved a 
little bit on a YoY basis. So, how do you see that segment behaving 
on the Corporate Employer-Employee side?  

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
Second, on the Retail Health portion of the business, I mean, I think 
this question was asked previously also, but you know, some back 
calculation would suggest that loss ratios on the back book are 
probably kind of operating at levels which is maybe a little bit higher 
than where the industry averages are, or maybe your stated 
averages of around 65% to 70% steady-state run rate, on the back 
book I am just talking about. So, first of all, is the assumption correct? 
And secondly, I mean, if yes, then how do you kind of aim to 
recalibrate it?  
Gopal Balachandran: So, Group Health, Dipanjan, I think the call is pretty much similar to 
what we spoke about on the rest of the lines as well. Now this is a 
segment where even Sanjeev has spoken about, let's say, typically 
you get to exhibit maybe slightly chunky premiums, but maybe 
comes at a very relatively lower cost of acquisition. So, hence, 
competitive intensity continues to be higher on that particular 
segment, given the fact what I spoke about on possibly some 
companies wanting to write this segment of business to meet their 
expense of management obligation. Within that is how we have 
played out our growth. So, we will watch for the development in case 
I think if we see signs of easing for, let's say, for companies who have 
to meet their EoM, then obviously we are well placed to write the risk 
back. The good news, as we keep saying in our businesses, majority 
of our risks are one-year risks. And therefore to that extent, our 
ability to possibly get it back is always there with us.   
Sanjeev Mantri: 
On the second one, on the Retail Health, it was more with respect to 
loss ratio. The loss ratio which you are talking, I think Gopal has 
already spoken about it. We do believe that coming quarters, this is, 
you know, the mix, the way it comes out and a lot of NEP that comes 
in and we have seen a bit of a frequency spike here and there. But 
your back-end calculation, it's spot on and we do believe that as a 
Company we would fare a lot better in coming quarters as the 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 27 
growth of new would start impacting our loss ratios positively, 
overall. So, your calculation is right and we are also expecting a 
similar trend.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Meeraj, who is an individual investor. 
Meeraj’s line seem to be on hold. That was the last question in queue. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri 
for any closing comments. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thank you so much for joining. I think you all had a long day, back-
to-back calls. There was HDFC Life and ICICI Prudential. Now it is 
ICICI Lombard. So, enough and more calls. Look, I mean we have 
spoken overarchingly what we want to focus on and we look 
forward to interacting with each one of you in the course of the 
quarter. All the best and take care of yourselves. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance 
Company Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank you for 
joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Safe Harbor:             Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in 
this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , 
‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations 
of such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. 
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking 
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited 
to our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and 
expansion in business, the impact of any acquisitions, technological 
implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for 
insurance products and services, investment income, cash flow 
projections, our exposure to market risks, policies and actions of 
regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the impact of changes 

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 15, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 27 
in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other 
legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks 
detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding 
company with the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission. ICICI Bank and we undertake no obligation to update 
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after 
the date there. 
 
