 
 
August 08, 2025 
To, 
 
  BSE Limited 
                                                                National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
            The Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543413 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: TEGA 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call of Tega Industries Limited held on August 05, 2025, at 5:30 PM IST for the Quarter 
ended June 30, 2025. The same can also be accessed on the Company’s website at 
https://www.tegaindustries.com/investor/#stock-exchange. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Manjuree Rai 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosed: As stated above 
 
 
 
 
 
MANJU
REE RAI
Digitally signed by MANJUREE RAI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=VYuFOK9xtspqatbdWSsWI7
u4XMWkl0LW, 
2.5.4.20=61e3a3396cd7624bf83b3add79
e138fff12c51d8d2f58917a5875b0aa0dbc
da5, postalCode=793014, st=Meghalaya, 
serialNumber=f053cd6842e858553a4efb
7befa251c1779c9ec807823c7fb56aab279
c901602, cn=MANJUREE RAI 
Date: 2025.08.08 18:04:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
 
“Tega Industries Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MEHUL MOHANKA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TEGA 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. PRATIK BASU ROY – PRESIDENT, PRODUCT 
MANAGEMENT, GLOBAL SALES AND MARKETING – 
TEGA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SHARAD KHAITAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TEGA INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SOURAV SEN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, TEGA 
MCNALLY MINERALS LIMITED  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BHAVYA SHAH – MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tega Industries Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call, organized by MUFG Intime. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhavya Shah. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Bhavya Shah: 
Thank you, Nidhi. Good evening, and welcome to Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Tega 
Industries Limited. Today on the call, we have with us Mr. Mehul Mohanka, Managing Director 
and Group CEO; Mr. Sharad Kumar Khaitan, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Pratik Roy, 
Product Management, Global Sales, and Marketing.  
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to give a small disclaimer that this call may contain 
forward-looking statements, which are based on beliefs, opinion, and expectation of the 
company as of date. I hope everyone had a chance to go through these results.  
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Mehul Mohanka for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, sir. 
Mehul Mohanka: 
Thank you, Bhavya. Good evening, and a warm welcome to all the participants on the call. I am 
joined this evening by Mr. Sourav Sen, the CEO of Tega McNally; Mr. Pratik Basu Roy, 
President, Product Group and Global Sales; and Mr. Sharad Kumar Khaitan, our Chief Financial 
Officer. Thank you for joining us today. It's a pleasure to connect with our valued investors, 
analysts, and stakeholders.  
We are pleased to share our performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. Despite a volatile 
global environment, Tega Industries has continued to demonstrate resilience, innovation, and 
strategic agility. Our consolidated operating revenue for Q1 stood at INR3,716 million, marking 
a 6% year-on-year growth.  
We reported an operating EBITDA of INR725 million with EBITDA margins of 20%, reflecting 
our focus on operational efficiency. Our equipment business delivered strong performance with 
revenue of INR643 million, up 78% year-on-year compared to INR361 million in the same 
period last year. We remain on track to achieve our FY '26 earnings guidance.  
As on June 30th, our order book stands at approximately INR10,053 million. with INR6,103 
million executable within the next 12 months. This provides strong visibility and confidence in 
our growth trajectory. We remain cautiously optimistic about the road ahead. While 
macroeconomic uncertainties persist, our diversified portfolio, strong balance sheet and 
customer-centric approach position us well to navigate challenges and seize emerging 
opportunities across global markets. 
 
When it comes to the overall projection around global copper demand, we see it grow steadily, 
reaching 28.3 million tonnes by 2030, up from 24.6 million tonnes in 2026, reflecting a CAGR 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
of 4%. This growth is driven by electrification, EVs and infrastructure expansion. Copper is 
increasingly viewed as a strategic resource essential to the energy transition.  
Gold demand is expected to remain resilient with global production forecast to rise from 3,582 
metric tonnes in 2026 to 4,245 metric tonnes by 2030, reflecting a CAGR of 4% as well. This is 
supported by investment demand, Central Bank accumulation and industrial use. 
 
This surge is prompting mining companies to ramp up exploration and production, especially in 
copper-rich regions such as Latin America, North America, and Africa. We continue to 
strengthen our global footprint, particularly in Latin America and Africa, where demand for our 
products remain robust.  
Our Chile operations are scaling well, and we are actively investing in capacity and talent to 
support long-term growth. The global mining sector is being reshaped by rising demand for 
critical and rare minerals, driven by the energy transition and electrification. 
 
ESG compliance, digitalization and supply chain realignments are becoming central to 
investment decisions. Additionally, recent U.S. tariff adjustments shall have a similar impact on 
competition. Hence, Tega shall remain and maintain its competitive edge in U.S.  
Innovation remains at the heart of our strategy. We've enhanced our product offerings that shall 
increase mine productivity while reducing environmental impact. Sustainability is embedded 
across our operations from energy-efficient manufacturing to product design, ensuring long-term 
value creation for our stakeholders and the planet. 
 
I want to thank our employees for their unwavering commitment, our customers for their trust 
and you, our investors, for your continued support. We are committed to delivering sustainable 
value and transparent communication.  
Now I would like to hand over to Sharad, who will take you through the financial performance 
of the company. Thank you. 
Sharad Khaitan: 
Thank you, Mehul. A very warm welcome to everyone, and thank you for joining the earnings 
call for Q1 of FY '26 performance and results. The total group revenues of Q1 FY '26 stood at 
INR3,716 million, with an EBITDA of INR725 million, that is EBITDA margins of 
approximately 20%. The group revenues for same period last year, that is Q1 of FY '25, was at 
INR3,516 million, with an EBITDA of INR771 million.  
During the current quarter under reporting, the consumable business segment and the equipment 
business segment contributed 82% and 18% of the group's revenue from operations, 
respectively. The revenue from operations of the consumable business reported revenues of 
INR2,940 million in Q1 of FY '26 versus INR3,046 million in the same period last year. 
 
While we have witnessed some disruptions due to global economic and political development, 
account war, logistics, supply chain disruptions, sanctions, tariffs, etcetera, overall business is 
unaffected and the sales funnel remains robust for us.  

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
The revenue from operations of the equipment business witnessed a significant increase of 
INR283 million or 78% with Q1 FY '26 revenues at INR643 million as against INR360 million 
reported in the same period last year. We have maintained healthy gross margins of 59% at the 
group level, in line with the same period last year in spite of raw material volatility, global 
uncertainties and a higher share of the equipment segment. 
 
The order book for both the business segments, that is consumables business segment and the 
equipment business segment remains strong. We have an order book of INR10,053 million as at 
30th June 2025, out of which executable orders within 1 year is approximately INR6,103 
million.  
Please note that for us, each sequential quarter in the financial year is better than its preceding 
quarter, hence we shouldn't compare Q4 of last year, that is FY '25 with the current quarter and 
the reporting that is Q1 of FY '26. The supply chain is affected by the volatile geopolitical 
situation in the recent past and we have proactively taken actions to ensure RM security by 
advanced placement of orders to counter the increase in the supply chain timeline. 
 
We have also ensured dispatch readiness in time to reduce manufacturing throughput time to 
offset the increased transit time and are tracking all the shipments on a real-time basis. The Chile 
capex project is on track with the project in full action, and we are trying to have the same ready 
for commercial production around same time next year.  
It may be noted that no sales shall be impacted in such interim period as we have put up alternate 
plants at Chile, which will address any capacity limitations to meet the revenue growth. Thank 
you very much for your time. And the forum is now open to any questions you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Devanshi Shah from SDA Finance. 
Devanshi Shah: 
So my first question was Which geographies-led growth this quarter across key segments, was 
it demand-led or price-led? Which new geographical markets is the DynaPrime segment 
expected to expand into in the future? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
This is Pratik. I'll take your question. So our demand has been overall robust across the regions. 
However, Latin America is driving that growth amongst all the regions going forward. 
DynaPrime has also seen a significant increase and is also leading product in our product 
portfolio. So amongst all the products that we have in the consumables business, DynaPrime has 
seen the maximum growth. 
Devanshi Shah: 
Got it, sir. And my second question was regarding the order book. Can you break down the mix 
of order book domestic versus international, mining versus industrial sector? And update 
visibility for FY '26, if possible. Are Chinese competitors impacting pricing or market share in 
this segment? 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
See, Chinese players are always there. They are part of the competition. So -- and they're not 
really impacting. It's a part of the competition. So it's nothing new to us. And in terms of -- what 
was your other question, Ma’am? 
Devanshi Shah: 
Can you break down the mix of order book, domestic versus international and mining versus 
industrial sectors? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
In the consumables, approximately 90% is outside India and domestic, we have around 10% 
more or less, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hitesh Aggarwal from PL Capital. 
Hitesh Aggarwal: 
I have a couple of questions. So with the global energy transition driving the higher demand for 
minerals like copper, lithium, how is Tega positioning itself to benefit from the increased mining 
activity and investment in mineral infrastructure? 
Mehul Mohanka: 
Yes. So as we said that part of the copper improvement in production is led by consumption in 
the energy sector and the EV and other allied sectors. For us, as you know, copper and gold 
together constitute more than 76% of our total revenue.  
And in terms of mineral processing, we will always see higher volume consumption in both 
copper and gold. So -- but the question is in relation to copper, we are seeing very strong demand 
from customers in the copper segment as well to cater to the higher production. 
Hitesh Agarwal: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And sir, my last question is are you exploring any inorganic growth 
opportunities such as acquisitions like technology or services right with the mineral processing? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
We regularly provide all the intimation regarding any events, information that have a bearing on 
the operation or performance of the company. The company does evaluate various strategic 
opportunities in the ordinary course for growth and expansion of the business. At this stage, 
there is no material information or event that requires disclosure under the SEBI laws and the 
company will make appropriate disclosures in compliance with applicable laws as and when 
required. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual Fund. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
I had a question regarding our stand-alone numbers where our revenue at INR1,676 crores is 
down around 29% Y-o-Y. And our EBITDA, excluding the other income at INR353 crores is 
down around 47% Y-o-Y. What is the reason for sort of Y-o-Y decline during this quarter? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
Sir, when you see the results, you should always see our results on a consolidated basis, because 
there are transactions between the Indian entity and the other overseas entities, for example, U.S. 
entity and other marketing branches where we have. So it's always prudent to see it on a 
consolidated basis because there are shipments which happened in the last financial year. But 
the revenues -- the third-party revenues got crystallized in the current quarter actually. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Right, sir. And in terms of sort of the decline in the consolidated result, where again the 
EBITDA, excluding the other income will work out at INR556 crores and was down 13%. 
Would you be able to sort of give more color around that as well? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
So generally if you see Q1 is the lowest quarter for us. And as we progress during the year, the 
revenues start coming in, pouring in, and that has got a direct bearing on our EBITDA. We are 
confident of our growth story as we have been growing at 15% CAGR, and we maintain those 
estimates even for the current period. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
And amongst this,would there be sort of generally, do we see pickup in Q2 or it's more weighted 
towards the H2, the pickup come through? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
The pickup is more weighted towards H2. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Right, sir. And 1 more question about the -- in the McNally we are executing around INR120 
crores order from NMDC. What have we completed during the year? And what would be our 
target for the FY '26, how much we would be able to sort of complete within this year? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
So a significant portion of the order will be completing in the current financial year, and there 
may be a very small spillover about 10%, 15%, which will go beyond the current financial year. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
And how much we have completed till date, would you be able to share that as well? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
About 20% to 25% is the project delivery is what we have been able to complete till date. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Muchhala from Centrum Broking. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
So first question is on the consumable segment's margin. So this quarter, we had relatively lesser 
margin at 17%. I know there are quarterly variations, but any specific reason in this quarter? 
And would you -- I think the 22% to 23% margin outlook that we have, does this still stand? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
Yes, Chirag, if you see the consumable business generally has got gross margins of about 57% 
to 60% with equipment giving about 40% to 45%. And on blended, we have about 50% to 55% 
gross margins. With the sales picking up in the subsequent quarter, that exactly flows into the 
EBITDA margins, and we shall maintain our growth EBITDA margins of about 22%, 23% in 
the consumer segment. and in the range of 12% to 13% for the equipment. So that at a blended 
level, we have around 21%, 22% of EBITDA margins. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. That's heartening to hear, sir. Another question is actually on our Europe order. So there 
are 2 parts. So firstly, how is that execution moving and secondly, the Europe order execution 
has started in January 2024. So it has been around 1.5 years since then. So any large value order 
that we are scouting for that they can come up for ordering and that we can win in near term for 
FY '26 or '27. Are there any such tender possibilities? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
So again Pratik here. So we have got inquiries on various tenders, but we do not obviously 
speculate on those. We'll keep you posted as and when they materialize. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. Sure. And lastly, on the Equipment segment. So just to clarify, so as we would eventually 
take this equipment inquiries global to our global customer base. So is there any approval 
process, etcetera, involved in this? And if yes, then at what stage we are for getting those 
approvals? 
Sourav Sen: 
This is Sourav. So our main focus would be to consolidate ourselves in the domestic market 
first. And so once we build the foundation, we always like to look forward and leverage Tega's 
global footprint. And I think we have to cross the bridge when it comes. So rather, we probably 
would be able to take -- give you more clarity on this, whether approvals are required or not in 
future date. But that is always will remain our ambition once we have done our bit in the 
domestic sector. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. So from domestic market, the last order that we had received, Kalpataru projects was the 
consortium leader. So just trying to understand how the process works, so each and every EPC 
company and the customer that is there, do we have to get ourselves certified? And is there any 
approval process? Or purely from product-to-product basis on commercial terms, we can tie up 
and bid for tenders. And any -- from FY '26 point of view, any domestic addressable market you 
can share where our McNally products are already at a stage where we are actively bidding for 
it? 
Sourav Sen: 
So I can talk generally. And generally speaking, our focus has been in the mining, steel, and 
power. And as you see, the projects are kind of ongoing in all these 3 sectors, and we are 
participating. So there is no kind of general fixed kind of status for all the tenders, but we take 
it on a case-to-case basis and kind of depending on the merit of the situation, we will be 
positioning ourselves. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. And any addressable market you can share, sir, that we are -- which is -- I mean, where 
we can -- we have already started bidding only for domestic market? 
Sourav Sen: 
Yes. So iron ore has been a strong focus for us in this segment. So that will continue to be our 
focus, and we are -- we will participate and besides iron ore, as you know, that the focus for the 
country is also in power, and we are participating in the coal-based power plants, as you know. 
So these are the 2 segments which are constantly monitoring, and we are trying to find out what 
is our addressable opportunities, and we are participating very aggressively.  
And there is 1 addition that, which is in the aggregate crushing business for construction. And 
that is 1 area which we have started looking into and we are also evaluating our opportunities in 
that segment because some of the equipment are already there in our segment. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. Sir, what I was looking for was in value term, any ballpark addressable opportunity size 
that you can share? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
Chirag, we maintain our revenue guidance of 15% CAGR in a long-term basis. So we will -- 
15% on an overall which is a 25% for the equipment business. And we will not be able to give 
any specific equipment wise or machine-wise details for the same. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Birla Mutual Fund. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
A couple of questions. Firstly, while quarterly aberrations are pretty understandable. But if you 
could just give a qualitative feel on the consumables side, which has seen a revenue decline on 
a year-on-year basis. How has the non-mill part of the business sort of performed versus the mill 
side, within that also is DynaPrime on track of growing 20% for the year? That's the first 
question. And I have follow-ups. 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
Yes. So I'll take the question in parts. So in terms of revenues, obviously, kind of a timing matter, 
but we see overall robust order books in all the segments, mill as well as in the bulk material 
handling. DynaPrime, as I mentioned earlier, has been a growth driver, and it still maintains that.  
It will still continue or maybe in some cases, probably also do a tad better because as you 
remember, some of the orders we are getting now that were due last year. So the growth 
momentum in DynaPrime should continue. BMH also, especially in outside India, we are seeing 
a good traction on the orders front. So does that answer your question, sir? 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Yes. So effectively, the consumable side, the DynaPrime business should continue to grow at 
15% to 20%, whereas the mill equipment -- the non-mill equipment... 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
I would say 15% to 20% is a conservative, I am looking for or pushing for more than 20% for 
DynaPrime. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Got it. And also, we have the Chile plant. So that's the -- my second question was more around 
the new upcoming plant at Chile, part of it should be commissioned in the current financial year. 
When can we start seeing a reflection of that in the order book as you -- as you prepare for the 
plant going live, I'm presuming that you will start taking on orders at least a quarter or 2 
beforehand. So when should we start seeing the reflection of that on the order backlog, which 
has been sort of constant for the last 2 quarters? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
I will -- before I hand it over to Sharad to answer on the plant and the timelines. See, these are 
2 independent lines. The order intake has nothing to do with the manufacturing facility that we 
have. So irrespective of when the comes in and there's no special order that we'll take for the 
new plant. The new plant will manufacture the orders that we have existing. So it has -- this line 
of business, our order intake has nothing to do with the manufacturing part. So it will be 
manufactured irrespective of when the order intake is coming up. So Sharad on the timeline. 
Sharad Khaitan: 
No, I just want to add 1 more thing here, Jonas, is that we will have the -- we expect the 
commercial production in the new plant around the same time next year. And we have addressed 
all capacity-related issues for the interim period. And the capacity will not be any restriction or 
any constraint for my revenue growth in Latin America as well. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Sharad, if you can share the breakup of the backlog between consumables and equipment? What 
would be the broad breakup, even a percentage would help? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
No. Can you help me define what do you mean by the... 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Jonas Bhutta: 
So between the 2 business line items, equipment, and consumable, what's the breakdown of your 
order backlog of roughly INR1,000-odd crores. How much is it attributable to McNally and how 
much is the consumable side? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
Okay. See, we don't give that breakup, Jonas. A significant part of the orders what we have is 
on account of the consumable business segment and the remaining is on account of the 
equipment business. What we can assure you at this juncture is that we shall be able to maintain 
our 15% CAGR growth rate and that is how we intend to go at a group level, and we will be able 
to grow McNally by more than about 25% coming -- in the going future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Deepak: 
Yes. So sir, this again double clicking on this equipment side. So this quarter, we have shown a 
very strong comeback with 78% Y-o-Y growth rate in the revenues. And you also highlighted 
earlier that of that INR120 crores NMDC order book, we have almost 75% will get executed in 
FY '26 and the balance in FY '27, right? And we did around INR215 crores in FY '25, correct.  
So if I just add the NMDC order book, even if I keep the revenue flat of what we did in the 
equipment in '25, we are looking at, let's say, 35%, 40% plus kind of growth. So I mean just not 
able to understand when you say 25% kind of growth in equipment, how we are coming at that 
number? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
See, last year, if you see, we had done about 200-plus revenue growth or revenue in the 
equipment business segment. And we have the orders, and we have that visibility of the orders 
which are going to come in the near future, that is in Q2 predominantly. And this is those orders 
for which we have clear visibility.  
But still, since we don't have the purchase orders in hand, we have not considered them in our 
order book numbers. Basis the visibility we have of the negotiations and discussions we are 
going on with our customers, we are confident of delivering these numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Jain from Baroda BNP Paribas. 
Sandeep Jain: 
Most of the question has been answered. Just 1 thing. As we see the consumable revenue is 
around INR294 crores for this quarter. Is there any kind of segment which is kind of delayed or 
there is some kind of thing which we can see in the coming quarters, which we have not booked, 
like it happened in the previous quarters and all? Any number you want to give there? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
Sandeep, there have been certain shipments which have been pushed in Q2. We'll not be able to 
give you the exact numbers, but there are deferments even in the current quarter. 
Sandeep Jain: 
So there was some kind of deferment in, I believe, if I remember it correctly, somewhere around 
in the fourth quarter also. So that is what is getting booked there and something which will be 
kind of booked in Q2. It would be great, sir, if you can give some kind of -- so that we can kind 
of normalize our earnings and all. 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
See some of the ones that had -- that was deferred in Q4 has come in. The ones there are some 
which has been deferred into also in Q2 and some also going to go as long as into Q3 because 
of the customer request. Some of it has already been executed and -- in July. So what you see 
there, so it's only a timing issue at best. 
Sandeep Jain: 
You don't want to quantify it? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
I don't want to give a number, Sandeep, because there are so much uncertainties, then in the next 
quarter again, you will ask me with -- that is the problem I have. 
Sandeep Jain: 
Understood. And in terms of the freight cost and all, any kind of light there that how it is 
increasing, it is impacting our margin? How we should look at it? Because if I look at year-on-
year, our consumer EBIT margin has also been declined kind of thing. It is related to the freight 
or what? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
Freight costs have been smoothing out over a period of time, and we do pass on the freight costs 
with a quarter time lag to our customers. Supply chain disruptions are there, certain challenges 
are there, but then we are trying to work as closely with our customers and the shipping lines to 
ensure that we meet on the time lines, both on raw material procurement as well as on our 
shipments. 
Sandeep Jain: 
Okay. So no impact of the freight cost in this quarter's EBIT margin? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
No. A very small number but not significant. 
Sandeep Jain: 
So if I look at it, has declined somewhere around year-on-year, 430 basis points, I know it's a 
seasonal business, nothing to compare. You should compare on a rolling 2-3 quarter basis kind 
of thing. But any kind of material negative which we can see in this EBIT margin, which you 
think it will reverse in the coming quarters or not? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
It's all about operating leverage. The moment I have my revenues picking up in the subsequent 
quarters, we'll see those EBITDA margins and the EBIT margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Manulife Mutual Fund. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Just wanted to understand that globally when we see, we were having hard competition from 
Metso. Now that FLSmidth has done some acquisition, and they are also getting aggressive and 
they are so started to give contract manufacturing for composites for some other Indian 
companies, sir, by which they are also trying to reduce their cost. So in that scenario, do you see 
a challenge to our market share or our market share growth. 
Mehul Mohanka: 
This is Mehul. No, we don't see any impact in terms of competition. I mean, FLSmidth is a 
competitor for sure, but they are fairly new in this business. Our business is critical to operate 
consumables. So people have to have substantial reference and history and legacy to be able to 
establish themselves in this market. So it's not very easy for someone, whether it be FLSmidth 
or anyone else tomorrow to be able to just enter the market and start disruptions in terms of 
market share.  

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
So we are aware, we do watch competition very carefully. There are larger players than 
FLSmidth in this business as well. We in Tega have been very accustomed to dealing with 
competition on a year-to-year basis. In our entire 50-year history, we've seen many competitors 
and our business still remains very sustainable in spite of competition in the market. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay. And sir, in Chile, when we come in with our own facility, roughly around $200 million if 
I put a number to that market, of that currently, what will be our market share and with our 
localized facility, is it right to assume that our market share can easily double in that geography? 
Mehul Mohanka: 
So currently, we already have a facility. It's just that we're running out of capacity, and that's 
why we're doing another greenfield expansion. And as we've explained in the previous earnings 
calls. So yes, the market is larger -- slightly larger than where you put it at. It's close to about 
$350 million in Latin America. And this additional capacity that we will have through the new 
project will help us add incrementally another INR1,000 crores of top line revenue to our 
business when it goes fully online, at 100% capacity utilization. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from Prithvi Finmart Private Limited. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
My question related to there was a news article which is quoting that 1 of the largest mining 
company is looking to buy out the company. So just I want to understand as a promoter, how 
much we are focused on the company or we are looking something in this line to sell off the 
business? 
Mehul Mohanka: 
Yes. So we don't comment on market rumors. These are, I would say, things that people 
speculate on, but we don't. We remain very focused on our business. And all I can say is there 
is no interest from the promoter family to divest to anybody in the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prabodh DP from Petrikor Investments. 
Prabodh DP: 
My first question is on the EBITDA margins seen in context with the gross margins. As we've 
seen the gross margins have held up and this is despite a larger contribution from the McNally 
side, which is at a lower level. So when we look at the EBITDA margins, and we've seen it in 
previous years, where there's a buildup quarter-over-quarter, I just wanted to get an operational 
sense on what are these expenses that get built up over the year as we execute our orders? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
See, the gross margin is a direct function of the sales and the raw material cost for that particular 
period. But when we compute the EBITDA margins, you have got fixed overhead, salary 
expenses and all of that comes in the below the line -- below the gross margins to derive the 
EBITDA. Now the fixed overheads remain constant, even in a Q1 versus Q2, for example. But 
the -- since gross margin absolute numbers, they get better off with increased sales, the EBITDA 
margins in subsequent periods get improved actually. 
Prabodh DP: 
So it's a function more of the utilization capacity that builds up over the years? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
Yes, because, for example, we have those salary costs, for example. Now the salary cost remains 
constant even in Q1 versus Q2, subject to new people joining in and increments all of that. But 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
revenue minus gross -- raw material costs, which is gross margin, then a higher base helps me 
absorb more of those costs actually. So which on a full year basis helps. Yes. 
Prabodh DP: 
There aren't any kind of costs like logistics, for example, that's a little front loaded and as the 
year goes on, it wears out. 
Sharad Khaitan: 
No, nothing negative like that of front loading or anything like that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Samyak from Marcellus Investment Managers. 
Samyak: 
Sir, my first question is on the equipment margin. So over the past 3 quarters, our equipment 
margins have been constantly increasing from 10% to 16% till Q4 FY '25. So I just wanted to 
know what is the reason for the decline in margins in current quarter? Is it a function of some 
product mix or consumer mix that you would like to highlight? 
Saurav Sen: 
I think 1 thing what we have kind of put our fingers on is the gross margin is slightly down 
because of a change in sales mix. We have roughly the combination of spares and equipment is 
about 45, 55 and in the last quarter, the spares part has been about 30 to 35 range. And however, 
this is just a quarter effect. But going forward, in the full year basis, we continue to be very 
optimistic about the guidance what we have already given. 
Samyak: 
Got it, sir. And sir, lastly, so while I understand that it would be better to look at the consol 
number instead of stand-alone, but would it be fair to say that the decline in the stand-alone 
revenues could be a reason of we are increasing our sales to international geographies basically 
through the manufacturing facilities that we have in those geographies rather than exporting it 
from India. So directionally, would this be a fair assumption to make? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
No, it's -- it will not be prudent to consider it like this. It's only a matter of time. If on a full year 
basis, you will see recovery in the stand-alone numbers as well. Why I recommended to see the 
results on a consolidated basis because that gives a complete picture of the group because there 
are a lot of things which are manufactured in India, and we have marketing branches, entities 
across the globe where they are shipped and then third-party invoicing is done from those 
locations.  
The revenue, which is recognized on a consol basis, this is the third-party revenue, which is 
being built and invoiced to them. So it is not about revenue getting declined in the Indian stand-
alone accounts and manufacturing getting altered anywhere in other locations, actually. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Varun Jain: 
My first question was your FY '26 capex guidance and its breakup. 
Sharad Khaitan: 
See, we have got the Chile capex plan, which is there. We have got certain capex proposals for 
Dahej plant, which we had updated last time as well. We have incremental capex for McNally 
as well. So on an overall basis, if you see, the Chile capex will be close to about $30 million. 
Dahej capex is about INR30 crores in INRterms. And another INR20 crores, INR25 crores is 
what we have committed for McNally as and when those capex requirements are there. And 

 
Tega Industries Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
these capex spends shall be over a period of 2 years, that is in FY '26 and FY '27. Apart from 
these, we have maintenance capex of about INR50 crores on an annualized basis at a group level. 
Varun Jain: 
So of the 3 capex you mentioned of Chile, Dahej and McNally, we can say roughly half will be 
this year because it's over 2 years? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
Yes. A little more than half shall be in the current year itself. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay. And my second question was what percentage of your revenue is from the U.S. because 
earlier, the company has always taken this line that if U.S. imposes tariffs, all the supplies will 
be hit equally, but that is not the case, right? Because our competitors don't have their 
manufacturing in India. Now Trump is threatening that the tariffs from India could be 
substantially higher than some of the other places. So what is our exposure to that? 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
So we are also keeping a close watch on what's happening there because now it's August , we 
will find out more about it. However, having said that, we have manufacturing locations across 
the globe also in Chile, where it's not so much impacted. Nonetheless, our exports to Mainland 
U.S.A. from India is around less than 2%. So the impact will not be substantial at a group level, 
even if that happens. We have also the option of manufacturing it from other locations as well. 
So the impact is really negligible as of now. 
Varun Jain: 
So less than 2% of total revenue is to the U.S. 
Pratik Basu Roy: 
From India. 
Sharad Khaitan: 
Yes. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay. From India. And of the overall revenue of the company, how much is to the U.S.? 
Sharad Khaitan: 
4% to 5%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Sharad Khaitan: 
Thank you once again for taking out your time and coming to our investor call. We will keep 
you posted of any subsequent developments. Happy to interact and take any subsequent 
questions you have. You can reach out to our investor department and we will be happy to 
address the same. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tega Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
