 
 
 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 25th 
Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street, Fort, 
Mumbai ‐ 400 001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 524000 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra‐ Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai ‐ 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: POONAWALLA
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earning/quarterly conference call for Q1 FY 2025-26 – held on 
Friday, July 25, 2025. Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing 
Regulations’).  
 
Reference: 
Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
 
This is in continuation of our earlier letters dated July 18, 2025 and July 25, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we hereby provide the link of the 
transcript of Company’s Analysts (earning/quarterly) conference call for Q1 FY 2025-26 held on 
July 25, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the Conference Call can be accessed at:- 
 
https://poonawallafincorp.com/documents/20121/0/Poonawalla-Fincorp-Ltd-+Q1FY26-
Earnings-Call-Transcript.pdf 
 
Kindly take the above intimation on record. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
 
 
Shabnum Zaman  
Company Secretary 
ACS‐13918 
SHABNU
M ZAMAN
Digitally signed by 
SHABNUM ZAMAN 
Date: 2025.07.31 
19:52:06 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited Q1 FY25-26 Earnings 
Conference Call 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARVIND KAPIL - MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SUNIL SAMDANI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. SHRIRAM IYER - CHIEF CREDIT AND ANALYTICS 
OFFICER 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Poonawalla Fincorp Limited Q1 FY25-26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today on the call Mr. Arvind Kapil – Managing Director & Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Sunil Samdani – Executive Director; Mr. Shriram Iyer – Chief Credit and Analytics 
Officer and other Senior Management Officials. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arvind Kapil – Managing Director & Chief Executive 
Officer of Poonawalla Fincorp Ltd. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Arvind Kapil: 
Thank you. A very good evening to all of you. It's always a pleasure to interact. Maybe the right 
time looking at the excitement today, I think it would be best to start with our take on the industry 
and probably the best way to welcome the First Earnings Call of FY25-26. Let me begin by 
sharing an industry perspective from our lens and how we are building Poonawalla Fincorp in 
the context of the way industry is behaving. 
Firstly, a few bullet points so that all of us are on the same page the way we see it: 
• 
We witnessed a robust demand for retail loans, and we see strong consumer confidence 
in spending, which supports the economic growth outlook. So, we are very positive 
on it. 
• 
Secondly, we are sensibly using this opportunity to build our secured book as of now, 
and at the same time we are also building an unsecured book in a well-calibrated way 
to follow it. So, you will see a substantially more secured book for this financial year 
followed by an increasing unsecured book as a broad approach. This is exactly in-line 
with our risk-first approach for our building blocks. 
• 
We see a huge role and usage of Tech and AI Agentics - the way we see it in the 
industry. I think that will be a game changer. The vectors on which we are working, 
whether it's risk calibration as a value add over traditional techniques for more 
accuracy or for fraud detection plus quality assessment in underwriting. 
• 
We have the risk-first approach which means if we have to choose between risk and 
growth ever, without a blinking an eye, we will choose risk as an option. We don't see 
that time. We see a very optimistic road ahead for the country. 
• 
We also see immense value getting added from the credit bureaus and the name of the 
game will be risk calibration and one of the cornerstones for any company in my 
limited view will be strong risk analytics. 
Let me begin with a few comments on the strategic front. So, the development on the strategic 
front is as follows: 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
• 
This quarter for us and I would use the word - marks a significant milestone as we 
completed a full year of successful execution of the building blocks or the strategic 
roadmap you may call it. The results are very clearly right in front of all of us. Over 
the past one year, our priority has been on laying robust foundations and building 
scalable systems. Over the next three-four quarters, our focus remains on building the 
AUM, pulling up all the levers that we have set in place. 
• 
I am happy to share that we are already seeing a very healthy credit calibrated growth 
in the existing products and a very strong momentum in the newly launched businesses 
that we have over this quarter. 
• 
Other than AUM, we have also got a clear focus on AI, risk-calibration, and credit 
costs- which is now lower compared to the previous quarter and probably a noteworthy 
number. I will cover that in detail as well.  
• 
We have also substantially strengthened our long-term liabilities through raising 
NCDs. I will cover that in detail as well. So, that's a quick area that I will cover. 
Let's start with the performance updates. I would like to give a quick update on Q1FY26 results: 
Our AUM grew by 53% YoY and 15.8% QoQ, standing at around Rs. 41,273 crores as on June 
30th, 2025. Total disbursements in the quarter grew by around 13.6% QoQ to around Rs. 10,651 
crores. We expect healthy AUM growth in the financial year, which will likely be notches better, 
I believe, than our guidance for this financial year of around 35%-40%. 
During this quarter, we witnessed a moderation of our Net Interest Margin which was anticipated 
as part of our ongoing portfolio calibration, particularly with the erstwhile STPL book 
transitioning to lower yield coupled with lower contribution in the overall book. This 
recalibration is a deliberate and strategic move to improve risk-adjusted return of our portfolio. 
As we actively scale up disbursements of the newly well-calibrated, high-quality book of STPL 
and other new products which we have already kick-started and gradually reduce the share of 
the erstwhile STPL book, we expect NIMs to be back at around 9% within the next 3-4 quarters. 
Next, I want to highlight the Risk-First Approach in the organization, maybe a minute or two 
here. 
Let me give you a glimpse of our trends in credit costs which will be later covered at length by 
Shriram. Here is a quick snapshot: 
Our first EMI bounces have improved by over 25% compared to our last quarter. And there has 
been a sequential improvement in credit costs during the quarter. The credit cost improved by 
53 basis points to 2.61% for all businesses. 
Another important point here now that I am going to cover is the credit cost for 12 core products 
which exclude STPL, which is a new disclosure that we are doing this time, improved to 1.43% 
driven by around 80% of risk-calibrated AUM. So, let me just explain this to you. 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
So, on an overall basis, we have come down by 53 basis points to 2.61%. If I exclude STPL, we 
have approximately 12 products and the credit cost of that is close to 1.43%, which I would tend 
to believe is in the range of relatively the best in the industry so far and this would be 
approximately 80% of your Rs. 41,000 crores odd total. So, you can calculate that. This I believe, 
adds considerable strength and solidity to our risk-first approach and understanding of our credit 
portfolio and this additional disclosure that we are doing the first time should give adequate 
visibility to investors on what road are we walking, what quantum of stuff we are working on, 
how rich our analytics is and how effective we could be on scale.  
As we assess our credit cost outlook, we anticipate some quarter-on-quarter variability in these 
building blocks due to changes in composition mix, for example as our consumer durable goes 
up and stuff like that. We are internally focused and confident that our disciplined approach of 
credit calibration plus collection will translate into a year-on-year improvement in credit cost 
metrics with a noteworthy reduction in 2 to 3 years for sustained profits. Basically, what I am 
trying to allude to is that forget the variability a little bit here and there, but broadly, if I were to 
take a big picture of a year-on-year, we see a declining trend on the two figures I shared with 
you overall, plus excluding STPL for the visibility, and we see noteworthy improvements on 
these levels in two to three years. And rest I will leave it when Shriram kind of covers it at greater 
length. 
I have shared a quick snapshot so far of the robust AUM. Just a quick summary, so that we are 
all on the same page, reduction in credit cost including a new disclosure of excluding STPL. 
Let us move on from here to the borrowing part. Let me give you the color of the borrowing 
mix. I think in the last three to four months, predominantly last quarter, on the borrowing side, 
which is the liability side, we are making noteworthy improvements in NCDs. The share of 
NCDs in our total borrowing has increased from approximately 7% as of March-2025 to 
approximately 24% as of June-2025, so, you can well imagine in 3 to 4 months. Additionally, 
we have already added another ~Rs. 1000 crores in July, which is in public domain. The cost is 
fairly noteworthy reduced compared to the term loans that we were getting from banks. So, I 
think it is a significant positive step in terms of 24% to probably 26%-27% odd as I speak to 
you. But it is a noteworthy area that we have picked up within the first 12-13 months and 
especially significant over the last three months. 
Most importantly, the Board of Directors have approved the raising of the funds by issuance of 
share equity on a preferential basis to the promoter at the meeting concluded today. Very 
significant step in my view. Subject to all requisite approval, the promoter shall infuse ~Rs. 
1,500 crores equity capital on a preferential basis at a price which we have disclosed in public 
domain of Rs. 452.5 per share. This, I believe, will strengthen our capital base, infuse further 
confidence in our long-term sustainable strategy. 
From a product update side, we launched a couple of businesses- six to seven businesses. Let 
me give you a quick sense between existing and new businesses, what is the kind of momentum: 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
We have tried to give some numbers here to give you a color on the quantum of numbers so that 
every quarter you could get a sense there. Our LAP book grew by 128% year-on-year and 22% 
quarter-on-quarter. Similarly, business loans grew by 57% year-on-year and 10% quarter-on-
quarter.  
On new businesses, the first one, let me cover Prime PL that was launched in August '24. It is 
exhibiting a very healthy pace of growth. Incremental disbursals of more than Rs. 300 crores in 
the month of June-2025 which highlights healthy traction in the market. This number reflects 
the credibility that we have with our channel partners and institutionalized turnaround times that 
we have built at the back end for quick response to the market. Just to reiterate, through-the-door 
quality of Prime PL customer profile is substantially better as incremental sourcing is skewed 
towards better income profiles & best-in-class company categories. And our risk analytics is 
playing a key role. The strength and quality of our customer base is looking very encouraging. 
This is a clear indication that we are attracting financially better profiles. These are individuals 
of capacity and also the intent to repay. These metrics are clearly a reflection of our unwavering 
commitment to risk-first. 
On our industry-first PL Prime Digital 24 x7, we have started to clock healthy run rates both on 
the website where customers are directly coming to us as well as from our Fintech partners who 
are creating embedded journeys of us. We have created embedded journeys which will 
strengthen us with the first-right-to-refusal. Imagine a Fintech who comes to me because we 
have the digital journey of a prime customer, white collar employee and he chooses to give me 
my kind of pricing just because I give a 24 x 7 convenience. We believe that this will be cutting 
edge in the next four to six quarters. We have maintained that on a daily run rate. We have started 
moving upwards every week and it's a very healthy rate of growth. 
A quick snapshot of the Gold Loan: 
As our digital products are scaling rapidly, we are also doubling down on our physical presence, 
especially through gold loan branches. Gold loan adds strength to our secured bouquet of 
products. It's a very healthy ROA business in a seasoned state. 
Our customer journey is settled, and our product is also well received in the market. Initial feelers 
are very positive. We already have disbursed around Rs. 31 crores in the month of June and 
through the set of branches that we launched in Phase-I. We are going to scale up the business 
momentum across the set of new branches as well. We are receiving a very fantastic initial 
response on the productivity per branch. We are happy to share with you that out of the 400 
branches that we committed, as we speak 80 branches are already operational and they are across 
Gujarat, Haryana, Rajasthan and Maharashtra. We are on track to meet our objectives of 
launching 400 branches by March-2026. 95% of the branches have come up in Tier-2 and Tier-
3 cities. 
Moving on to Consumer Durable: 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
We officially launched it, I think on 22nd April this year and the early momentum is quite 
promising. To give you a sense, towards the end of the last quarter we have already signed up 
with ~3,000 dealers across 160 locations. We plan to be present at 210 locations across 12,000 
dealers by the end of the financial year. So, from ~3,000 dealers we will probably go for 12,000 
dealers by the end of this financial year. The business traction is building well. We have already 
acquired 15,000 customers, disbursed Rs. 34 crores in the month of June in a short span and I 
think every quarter we are looking at a very decent momentum here. We introduced the PFIN 
EMI card which is designed to give customers access to pre-approved consumer durable offers 
that they can utilize at their convenience at any of our dealer touch points. This product is also 
getting well received in the market and the penetration of PFIN EMI card on our consumer 
durable customer base is much higher than our expectations. 
Our next newly launched business Commercial Vehicle Loan: 
We launched the business on the 17th of March and are already disbursing Rs. 92 crores. Our 
disbursement trajectory is on an upward trend with disbursement of Rs. 47 crores in the month 
of June. We commenced CV business in Maharashtra, West Bengal and expanded into 
geographies as NCR, Haryana, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan and Madhya 
Pradesh. As of now, we are present across 27 locations in 10 states. We are activating 
Chhattisgarh, Telangana, Karnataka in the upcoming months to continue increasing the 
geographical footprint. 
By the end of Quarter 1, we completed onboarding of ~200+ distribution partners in India and 
we intend to double this over the next one quarter. The hiring plan for expansion also remains 
on track. We have on boarded 50+ relationship managers, Zonal/Regional/Area all levels. As 
mentioned in the last call about our plan to roll out mobility solutions, we have successfully 
launched a comprehensive digital solution in the current quarter. A digital customer onboarding 
platform with 25+ API integrations with frictionless customer onboarding experience. This has 
gone live in June this year. Till now, the emphasis was entirely on the Used CV segment. We 
are happy to share that to further strengthen our presence in the space; we will be launching even 
the New commercial vehicles at appropriate pricing. 
Now on Education Loans, a quick sense: 
We launched education loans in the mid of March and in just 90 days, we have logged in 4,000 
plus education loan files till date. We have already on boarded approximately 100 partners, now 
remember, in education loans, you've got counselors as your partners and some of them are very 
large-scale companies. These are key education consultants with expertise of over 100 member 
dedicated sales teams. By the end of FY25-26, we will scale up our network to 500 plus 
education consultants and will sanction approximately closer to 4,000 students within the 
financial year.  
We are offering an industry-first initiative of providing digital instant sanction in the education 
loan industry. The team has crossed their first disbursement milestone of Rs. 56 crores in the 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
third month itself, that's June-2025. That gives a sense of momentum or ground level feel of 
these businesses. 
Let me give you a quick sense now and change our course to digital marketing and AI. Let me 
move on to the most important vectors that give us the cutting edge as we scale. These are digital 
transformation, digital marketing and AI. I will cover each one of them with a bit more 
granularity because we are investing time and effort in it. We see a huge correlation with our 
strategy including digital journeys as well.  
In digital transformation with the perspective of building a future-ready, customer-first lending 
institution, we are working on three key strategic initiatives aimed at driving business impact 
and future readiness within the organization. Each of these initiatives are anchored in the core 
priorities of a modern lending institution like us- improving our efficiencies and enhancing 
customer engagement. 
• 
Our first initiative is sales efficiency and customer acquisition cost optimization- One 
of the most critical focus areas of any lending business are these two. We are currently 
undertaking a comprehensive three-pronged initiative that aims to streamline sales 
workflows, leveraging digital tools for performance visibility, enhancing conversion 
effectiveness. This project is designed to create a leaner, smarter and more accountable 
sales ecosystem. These initiatives are like:  
o 
Rapid response sales deployment using location intelligence 
o 
We are building an agentic assistive intelligence at point of sale-What will 
set us apart is our contextual haptic feedback system which actually gives 
discreet prompts to executives during live customer interaction. This enables 
AI driven comprehension and real-time recommendations 
o 
Performance/KPI-linked nudging engines that is a Nudge IQ that we like to 
call 
• 
The second initiative is Unified customer experience. This initiative is centered on 
unifying and elevating the overall customer experience. In today's competitive 
financial landscape customer experience encompasses every interaction a customer 
has with our brand. Our approach involves integrating touchpoints, reducing friction 
and delivering consistent, personalized experience, which is why we call this 
‘experience’ and not just ‘service’. And our approach will be an intelligent omni-
channel humanoid response layers. 
• 
The third initiative in our digital journey is the Next-Gen Digital Journeys, that focuses 
on the creation of complex, multi-layered digital journeys tailored to the diverse 
evolving needs of our customers. These journeys are designed to offer seamless 
navigation, contextual interactions and intelligent decisions across multiple products. 
The goal is not just digitization, but the differentiation that we create- positioning us 
ahead of the curve.  
o 
role-based app interfaces that work seamlessly and orchestrated by an 
overarching system 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
o 
for that matter multi-layered verification with inbuilt APIs that we are 
creating  
o 
automatic disbursal pathways 
Let me pivot now towards the next most important vector for us, and where a lot of work is 
happening internally- it is expanding our digital reach. While everyone is building the top of 
their physical footprint, let me tell you that we are not just building the footprint but also 
accelerating our digital reach. It's being achieved by building best-in-class digital marketing 
capabilities and interventions, which are focused on creating robust, scalable and data-driven 
ecosystems. 
Let me highlight our progress in a few key areas: 
• 
First is the significant progress that we have made in scaling our digital marketing 
initiatives, leveraging AI for both effectiveness and efficiency.  
On AI-driven experimentation- Over the past six months, we have conducted more 
than 500 experiments across various vectors including location, audience 
segmentation, creative personas, and end-to-end funnel optimization. These 
experiments have enabled us to scale our digital marketing efforts by 5x, which is why 
I am making the effort to share this with you because it is making a lot of difference 
to the customers who are moving to us on the website. So, that's the key takeaway. 
Imagine a company that had nothing on the customers coming on the website or app 
and today on a daily or weekly basis, we have a significant increase.  
• 
Now, to diversify and strengthen our acquisition strategy, we are moving towards an 
omnichannel engine to expand our digital presence and reach target customers via 
various channels.  
We have achieved channel diversification towards App. Today 44% of digital 
marketing disbursals are coming from App - result of a strategic transition from a web-
only sourcing model to a more diversified web+app sourcing strategy. We are in the 
process of scaling our presence beyond Google and Meta ecosystem across multiple 
digital affiliates/publisher networks enabling us to access ad inventories across 
thousands of platforms with AI-led real time-bidding at lower cost of acquisition. 
This is a pretty significant step because this will start creating a cutting edge for us in 
attracting customers and these acquisition costs start getting lower with time to come. 
• 
Thirdly, we are investing in optimizing the entire customer journey to improve 
conversions and manage acquisition costs. We conducted an in-depth analysis to 
understand customer’s behavior and key motivating factors driving them to take action 
in utilizing the insights to get them back on their journey. We have established early 
warning mechanisms to identify and address potential breakages in the funnel in real-
time. This proactive approach has helped us improve end-to-end funnel conversions. 
• 
Fourth, we are focusing on building capabilities that help enhance our visibility on AI-
powered answers on search engines and AI platforms, as today a large part of Google's 
search results is driven by AI. 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
• 
Fifth, we are investing in AI-led MarTech for growth. Onboarding industry’s best tools 
to manage our own channels such as WhatsApp, SMS, RCS (rich communication 
service) which offers unparalleled opportunities for high conversion campaigns. 
• 
Sixth, we are revamping our app to drive engagement. Our monthly app installation 
has grown by 10x in the last three months, depicting the growing importance of mobile 
platforms. So, this is a fair amount of effort and time investing that is happening in 
this area.  
 
I will now cover the next important vector, the key emerging strength for us - AI. 
• 
We have launched a long-term initiative to predict customer health through unified 
risk and revenue lens. We are creating a dedicated innovation space that brings 
analytics and AI together. We believe this fusion could create the magic and 
excitement that creates a set of new products, fostering rapid and iterative learning. 
That's important for a company to generate something on a constant basis and that's 
the kind of machine we are trying to build. 
• 
By embedding this fusion of technologies into our customer onboarding process, we 
gain a 360 view of each customer's profile- assessing credit risk, revenue potential, 
and overall health in the real time. It's a long-duration project and we are working with 
IIT on all this. It's a very rich project with a fair amount of work required on it.  
Let me give you a quick update now as we have already announced AI projects that are running 
in the organization and additionally, we have identified 10 incremental projects now. This is just 
to give you the sense that now we are scaling a total of 35 projects of relevance, of which eight 
are already completed and executed. 
Let me give you an update on the incremental projects. A quick snapshot as I will run through it 
just to give you a sense. 
In HR, for candidate search, we are building a sourcing engine that uses job portals for 
identifying ideal candidates, leveraging AI to streamline and enhance the recruitment process. 
By applying AI driven algorithms, the system can analyze job role requirements and 
automatically source best candidates’ profile. This enables the creation of an active and dynamic 
candidate pool and gives us strength to pick and choose at the right time with speed.  
Another one in HR is the integration of employee relations, ER, into the complaint resolution 
management, CRM, which aims to automate the current manual workflow. The idea is whether 
it's a support function like AI, finance or various others, we are reaching a level where every 
department is working around creating projects which could solve the problem using AI and 
iteratively get better over the next two to four quarters.  
In finance, for example, we have identified three AI projects to give you a sense: Finance bot, 
Payment operations and Invoice auto verification.  

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
The first one, we will create and implement the finance bot for analyzing competition financial 
reports and internal financial data. It is designed to profile real-time insights, trends and 
comparative analysis through intelligence. By leveraging natural language processing and 
autonomous agentic AI-driven solutions, the bot can interpret user queries, extract relevance 
financial metrics and generate meaningful visualizations and summaries for the users.  
For payment operations, the automation of the approval, invoice management, and tagging 
process is aimed at streamlining financial workflows and reducing manual intervention. By 
implementing intelligent automation, the system can efficiently route invoices for approval, 
manage records with minimum error. This enhances operational speed, ensures compliance with 
internal policies, overall leads to faster processing, better audit readiness and of course 
productivity.  
Another AI project that's worked on in finance is invoice auto verification where invoices will 
be read and verified based on the policy. This process of reading and verifying is based on 
predefined policies and use cases designed to enhance accuracy and efficiency by automating 
invoice validation. 
In treasury, for example, we are implementing a query bot for live monitoring and analysis of 
market movements that's designed to deliver real-time insights into the financial trends, news 
and media events that impact market positions. Powered by AI natural language processing the 
bot continuously scans enterprise market data news articles and social media to identifying 
emerging patterns. It enables users to perform deep dives into specific sectors and companies.  
In operations, for example, we have identified three additional projects that are being rolled out- 
Auto knock off/ Waiver in matured contracts, Re-KYC and Stamp verification to give you a few 
ideas.  
Auto knock off/ Waiver in matured contracts: The AI-enabled console for stamp paper 
reconciliation is designed to automate and optimize the entire lifecycle of stamp paper 
management. It leverages artificial intelligence to predict procurement needs based on historical 
consumption data. The system fetches state-wise and value-wise stamping charges to allocate 
appropriate digital stamps.  
The idea is that whether it's finance, treasury, operations or whether it's as simple as a Re-KYC, 
we are using AI or at least building the blocks. So, it's the mindset of the organization that's 
moving towards a certain quality of efficiency.  
For example, take Re-KYC, it's a simple item but the implementation of AI-based automation 
communication system that aims to transform customer engagement and compliance 
management by leveraging intelligence automation. This system enables timely, personalized 
outreach.  

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
Stamp verification, for example, a console for overall stamp paper reconciliation. By integrating 
AI, the console can streamline the reconciliation process and provide valuable insights to 
optimize procurement strategies.  
Imagine in Admin and Infrastructure, we are taking up travel booking automation of cabs, 
flights, hotels. The chatbot interacts with the users to collect their trip details and then processes 
the booking through an integrated sales platform.  
It's not about how big or small it is rather it's about the message that I want to leave i.e. AI that 
we started off almost three quarters ago, we are building it and trying to transform. I think we 
have managed to get the mindsets changed. The whole organization is talking a certain language 
of innovation, re-engineering processes and getting smart because we want to create a smart 
organization. 
Before I end, the AI piece, let me give you an update on the snapshot of the work we have done 
on AI-first approach in credit underwriting. That's one of the big ones for us.  
Our AI-led transformation is not just a technology upgrade for us, it's a strategic evolution of 
how we underwrite credit, manage operations and analyze portfolios. Several high-impact 
initiatives are currently under development, each designed to unlock scale, precision and agility.  
Our upcoming enhancements in commercial and consumer loan underwriting will bring sharper 
customer insights, faster decisioning, setting new benchmarks in turnaround and accuracy. It's 
not just about using AI, technology and analytics for turnaround times, we are looking at very 
high levels of accuracy. Whether it's technology, analytics or technology on an overall basis 
there's fair amount of options to upgrade even the traditional methods to be more accurate and 
that's what our experiences are teaching us. 
Another key capability slated for release in the second quarter is AI-powered credit bureau 
analyzer. This solution will enable sharper visibility to borrowing behavior, delinquency 
patterns, and credit exposure. We are building intelligent agents that will streamline document 
workflows, data entry, reduce operational lag, and improve pre-underwriting readiness.  
These systems are expected to significantly lower processing costs while enhancing compliance, 
speed and customer experiences. Deployment is expected by late Q3, but we are very excited 
about it.  
As you hear me covering these details, which is important because this could be pretty significant 
from an industry point of view as well on accuracy first, turnaround time and the speed of 
automation in terms of how fast we can move forward across products. 
Our work in portfolio intelligence is equally exciting. We are developing advanced ML and 
LLM based analyzers that will identify risk signals early, monitor behavioral trends, and 
generate actionable insights. These tools are designed to simplify month-end reviews, prioritize 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
high-impact segments, and eliminate bias through data-driven clarity all using natural language 
interaction with AI. Rollout is planned between Quarter 3 and Quarter 4.  
Our direction is clear: we are embedding AI first approach into our problem-solving ability.  
We believe that institutions that integrate AI first strategy and user centricity into their core will 
lead the next wave of financial innovation. 
Quick snapshot on the debt strategy that I covered earlier: 
We continue to optimize the cost of borrowing. We are broadening our lenders and investor base 
as part of our long-term debt strategy. We aim to achieve share of NCD of around 35% of the 
total borrowing over the next couple of years. We follow the highest standard of governance. 
We have already achieved 24% as of June. In line with the guidance provided last call, we have 
successfully raised about Rs. 5,200 crores through the secured NCDs and Rs. 250 crores from 
subordinate tier 2 capital debentures for Rs. 5,450 crores during Quarter 1. As a result, the share 
of NCDs moved from 7% to 24%+, as we added around Rs. 1,004 crores in July itself. 
Finally, to summarize and put all perspectives, whatever has been said over the last 12 months 
has been clinically executed with proper planning in every vector of business and with every 
word of our commitment. Be it new business launches, the timelines, AUM growth, risk, AI, 
analytics, liabilities, NCDs, or credit cost – so credit cost that’s another one. This gives us the 
conviction that our strategy is professionally on the right track and delivering the intended 
objectives. Our strategy focuses on driving innovation through AI, digital journeys, and risk 
analytics and is gaining very healthy momentum. We have managed to get ET Now - Most 
innovative organization of the year 2025. Additionally, our commitment to enhance customer 
experience was acknowledged in the Express BFSI Technology Award. We have also won the 
Technology Senate award for AI by the Indian Express group. We continue to maintain our 
confidence on the high for our growth trajectory, maintaining a balance and sensible risk level. 
We are very conscious of the commitments that we make. 
With this I would like to hand over to Shriram to give you a color on the Risk Management. 
Shriram Iyer: 
Thank you. Thank you, Arvind. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. 
The Government's vision of ‘Viksit Bharat’ underscores the pivotal role of NBFCs in driving 
economic momentum. The recent regulatory measures reaffirm the strategic emphasis on NBFC 
led credit expansion as a key lever for stimulating growth. Union budget further highlights 
continued focus on strengthening the NBFC regulatory framework, aiming to improve 
governance, risk management and financial stability.  
A significant change to the new income tax regime by increasing the tax rebate threshold and 
adjusting the slab structure, resulting in zero tax liability for incomes up to 12 lakhs, is a strong 
stimulus to the consumption lending.  

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Further the retail lending trends from Bureau’s reflect healthy growth of 27% from NBFCs year-
on-year.  
Poonawalla Fincorp’s strategic investment in the last few quarters of being ready with multiple 
product lines across the retail lending space aligns with the market potential coupled with the 
current industry momentum. We are well positioned to capitalize the opportunity with a well 
calibrated credit mix. The secured product launches have ensured a balanced AUM mix along 
with diversification.  
Our secured mix to the AUM was 49% for Q1FY25 to now 57% for Q1FY26. 
Focusing on the asset quality, let me give you a glimpse of our key trends: 
Our GNPA remained stable at 1.84%. Our first EMI bounces have improved over 25% compared 
to last quarter. 
There have been sequential improvements in the annualized and quarterly credit cost. The 
annualized credit cost improved by 288 basis points from 5.49% in FY25 to 2.61% for Q1FY26. 
The quarterly credit cost has improved by 53 basis points from 3.14% for Q4FY25 to 2.61% for 
Q1FY26. Please note the detail shared is for the overall PFL book. 
We are doing an additional disclosure of 12 businesses without STPL, wherein the credit cost is 
1.43%. This 1.43% is driven by approximately 80% of the risk calibrated AUM reflecting PFL's 
robust credit underwriting, collections and portfolio management practices positioning it 
favorably within the industry landscape. 
As we assess our credit cost outlook, we anticipate with composition mix changes in the building 
blocks phase, we maintain guidance of 1.5% to 2%, but internally we are committed and 
confident that our disciplined approach of credit calibration plus collections will translate into 
improved credit cost metrics year-on-year with noteworthy reduction in 2-3 years for sustained 
profits. 
A quick snapshot of the erstwhile STPL portfolio which was at 8% of the total on-book AUM 
as of March-2025, is down to about 4% as of June-2025. Our credit cost for erstwhile STPL 
book has come down to Rs. 64 crores for Q1FY26 as compared to Rs. 137 crores in Q4FY25 
which is a reduction of 53% over the previous quarter. 
We are actively monitoring the rollout of our digital lending products across both salaried and 
self-employed segments. Our strategy focuses on expanding credit swim lanes to capture 
business opportunities, while maintaining prudent risk controls. Teams are continuously refining 
the decision engine framework leveraging diverse data sources to enhance credit assessments. 
Further, let me give a short deep dive on key drivers the team focuses on supporting the 
calibrated risk framework as we build our AUM: 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
On the desired recalibration, the diversification in the business strategy leads to a shift in 
sourcing mix. Aligning to the change requires a continuous risk calibration process. In-house 
models go through a continuous evolution focusing on building sharper cohort level models, 
driven by varied sources of information. With the increasing complexity and variety of data 
coupled with the new product launches, multi-layered model strategies are being designed. The 
risk strategies driven by these model support data driven decisions, focusing on operational 
efficiency of the credit processes and this is through auto rejection, augmenting the risk 
framework via deviation level risk mitigation, exposure limitation and pricing. 
Our pivotal transformation Quarter on Quarter in debt management practices and initiatives, 
shoulder the strategic business growth and provide confidence to scale. This is powered by 
advanced analytics, GenAI and best-in-class digital collections infrastructure. Right KPI’s at the 
fingertips of the ground level collection team support to influence a data driven decision and 
optimize performance at every stage.  
In Q1FY26, we implemented the human-less field agent allocation system that reduces the time 
taken from three to four days to under a few hours to complete allocation enabling faster 
customer engagement post delinquency across digital, tele calling and field channels. 
Centralization and standardization of the processes have reduced subjective decision making and 
human errors, thus ensuring fairness and consistency. This data-driven approach blended with 
digital process adoption has led to optimized resource utilization and efficiency. 
As I conclude, we are energized by the opportunities ahead and deeply confident in our team's 
capabilities and steadfast commitment to excellence. By harnessing our technological edge and 
staying anchored to a risk-first approach, we remain focused on consistently delivering 
remarkable results. Over to you, Sunil. 
Sunil Samdani: 
Thank you, Shriram and good evening, everyone. 
Let me quickly take you through the financial highlights for the quarter: 
The Assets under management stood at Rs. 41,273 crores, reporting a strong growth of 53% 
year-on-year and 16% quarter-on-quarter with continued momentum across all our products. 
In-line with our debt strategy, and the projected AUM growth, we have further diversified our 
liability book with a focus on long-term funds. The share of long-term borrowings has gone up 
14% quarter-on-quarter from 61% to 75% on the overall borrowings. 
As of June of 2025, we increased our NCD mix including the sub debt to ~24% of the overall 
borrowing from about 6% in March-2025. Further in July 2025, we raised additional Rs. 1,005 
crores. With this, the total YTD NCD raise goes to Rs. 6,463 crores. Going forward, we will 
continue to focus on raising long-term funding through NCDs and maintain a prudent balance 
of long-term to short-term funds. 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
The share of variable rate borrowings stood at ~56% with another ~11% of capital market 
borrowings with an average tenure of approximately 3-months, puts us at an advantageous 
position with declining interest rate environment envisaged. 
Our net interest income, including the fees and other income continue to grow healthy standing 
at Rs. 768 crores for Q1FY26, up ~7% quarter-on-quarter. This is despite an increase in share 
of secured assets book, recalibration of erstwhile STPL portfolio and higher debt to equity ratio. 
The cost of borrowings lowered to 8.04% for the quarter versus 8.07% in Q4FY25. This again 
is despite the increase in share of long-term borrowings. 
Our OPEX to average AUM was at 4.8% as we continue to invest in new businesses and 
distribution. In-line with our growth strategy, during the quarter, we increased our employee 
base to 4,685 and expanded our branch network.  
Our pre-provisioning operating profit, PPOP, during the quarter was Rs. 325 crores.  
As mentioned, the asset quality remained stable with gross NPA at 1.84% and net NPA at 0.85%. 
The provisioning coverage ratio stood at 53.93%. 
Our profit after tax was at Rs. 63 crores during the quarter as the company is making significant 
investments in new businesses, branches, AI and technology.  
The debt-to-equity ratio stood at 3.72x, which gives us enough headroom for growth.  
Capital adequacy ratio continues to remain healthy and comfortably above the regulatory 
requirement at 20.55% for the quarter as of 30th June of which the Tier-1 capital is 19.02%.  
The liquidity coverage ratio stood healthy at 130% as of 30th June 2025. On the liquidity front, 
we remain comfortable with positive cumulative mismatch across all buckets and the surplus 
liquidity of Rs. 4,465 crores as of 30th June 2025. 
Thank you for your patient hearing and now I would like to open the floor for question-and-
answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on the quarter. Firstly, on our MSME book, it is 
around one-third of the total book. Could you help me with the split into secured and unsecured 
for our MSME book which is 36% of the overall book? So, that was the first question. 
Shriram Iyer: 
So, if you ask for MSME book, around 65%-70% of my business is mortgages which is LAP of 
which 75%-80% are all self-owned property. So, to that extent, the LAP book is behaving 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
extremely well for us. So, it is secured if you ask me- overall, it is around 63%-70% is the range 
which I could give you. 
Arvind Kapil: 
But overall, MSME for us is going to be a very robust growth engine and I see a great opportunity 
both on the business side as well as I don't see any concerns on the risk on the portfolio. Even 
our new calibrations and the way 30-60-90 is going, my assessment is that it’s a fantastic 
opportunity in terms of well-calibrated risk. As a matter of fact, if you look at our GNPA on that, 
it is fairly low right now and it is not a small size, and we are very focused on it being very well 
calibrated. We are not in any hurry. So, we are following our philosophy that it should be good 
quality and that is what we are doing. So, in our case, MSME, whether it is this or we double on 
this, the quality will be well calibrated. You can be rest assured. The GNPA on that is really low 
right now. 
Chintan Shah: 
So, on this 20% STPL book, entirely is the STPL book in erstwhile or is it new? And so, in what 
time is it expected to run down the erstwhile STPL book? By what time will it entirely run down? 
Shriram Iyer: 
So, our STPL book as I had said, it is around only 4%. 
Arvind Kapil: 
No, he is talking about if 4% is old STPL. He wanted a breakup. So, the old STPL is around 4%, 
the rest of it which you see is new, well calibrated and there it is almost really-really very good 
and solid business that we are growing in a conscious manner, and we see a huge upside there. 
That is what I said, in the whole construct, I deliberately had a very high proportion of secured 
businesses first, followed by unsecured businesses. That is the model. So, your old STPL is 
around 4% left, that is about it. Out of which also, I think you have a decent proportion at zero 
dpd and all that. 
Shriram Iyer: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Chintan Shah: 
So, and just on the capital raise. So, now this Rs. 1,500 crores promoter of capital raise, so that 
would be it or would we also be looking to do any second round of current raise or any other 
capital raise? 
Arvind Kapil: 
So, this Rs. 1,500 crores which the promoter has put in, we welcome it as his confidence in 
growth capital. We have always maintained that on external raise, we would want to look at 
anything in the range of debt-to-equity of around 4.75 to 5 ballpark, that is what we have because 
I want to, with our ROA projections, I want to look at healthy ROE as we proceed ahead, three 
years down the line. I mean, that is the line of thinking. 
Chintan Shah: 
And so, on a steady state basis, once the OPEX normalizes and credit costs, as you already 
mentioned, it would stabilize around 1.5% to 2% is what our guidance is. So, any ballpark steady 
state ROA which we could be looking at, probably from two years down the line? 
Arvind Kapil: 
See, we always have very stretched internal targets but let me stick to our guidance. Our guidance 
is June-2028, we have set 3%-3.5%. Internally, we always love to scramble to beat expectations 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
as by now you have seen us over the last four quarters. So, I will leave it at that. I think it’s 
always better to be conservative and overachieve. We like to do that if we can. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. I will join back in the queue for follow-up questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Thank you for taking my question. So, Arvind, just two things for me is, NIMs for us continue 
to contract. So, if you could just explain what is resulting in this NIM contraction and somewhere 
during your opening remarks, I also heard that we spoke about getting to steady state margins of 
9%. So, by when can we reach those 9% margins? And this margin compression that we have 
seen for the last two quarters, for how long is that going to sustain before we stabilize and the 
margin starts inching up towards 9%? That's my first question. 
Arvind Kapil: 
See, the environment when you are building blocks, understand the philosophy, I have given 
very clear guidance that within four quarters, in our internal assessments we have 9%. And to 
give you a sense, the compression is because the old STPL book had to be reduced. We had to 
clean that up and the new STPL book has started to rise. Our digital journeys on very healthy 
ROAs, they have started to rise. But as they start rising every quarter, they will start adding 
positive value to the NIMs. But the reason I've given you a four-quarter kind of outline is, so 
that allows us to very sensibly build the model. I am not so worried about NIMs. Please 
understand that as the company starts growing from here, we have launched multiple products, 
we will have a substantially increased customer franchise. So, as your cross-sell starts increasing 
next year, from April onwards as well, you will get not only the unsecured piece sensibly well-
calibrated rising, but you will also have your cross-sell piece rising. But if you see in the first 
year of operation, cross-sell is very, very low. And as the company starts expanding on its 
customer franchise, we come with very strong experiences there. We also have digital journeys, 
which are one of its kind in the industry. So, both on new acquisition as well as cross-sell, we 
could make significant progress, and both are extremely positive for the NIMs in terms of a 
structural construct. But when you build a business, it's more important to build solid business 
first rather than NIMs first. That's important to understand as a philosophy because we have 
taken a position of risk first, which is what we are walking right now. But I've given you a clear 
visibility to NIMs. So, I am not too worried about NIMs, by the way. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So, just to sum that up, sir, basically it will take four quarters thereabouts, is it? So, for the next 
few quarters, we might see a NIM compression before it stabilizes and then gradually starts -- 
Arvind Kapil: 
See, hear me very clearly. I said four quarters, which is 12 months, you will hit an approximate 
figure of nine. So, that's exactly what I am saying. I am not saying it's going to compress till 
then. That's your assumption, not mine. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. This is clear now. Thank you so much. 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
Arvind Kapil: 
When you're building a business it's very important to bias towards solidity first. NIM is a much 
easier part from our perspective to achieve. Remember, we have launched two major digital 
journeys, STPL we have recalibrated it, things are positive and, on the rise, here. So, we have 
managed to get our costs down. We get our secured up. And we wanted the risk calibration of 
unsecured to get a little more time, which is what it's done, so that it's more seasoned before we 
start scaling it up at a much decent rate. And that's what we are entering now. So, things should 
only look up. But we have given you broad guidance in terms of so that you have that clarity. 
Over to you. Next question? 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. This is useful. The second thing was on credit costs. While you guided for steady state 
credit costs of 1.5% to 2%, what we have seen now remains significantly elevated. So, what will 
the trajectory be like? Again, as you explained, margins will get to 9% in the next four quarters, 
12 months. Likewise, if you could just give out the trajectory on credit costs and how they could 
trend over the next four quarters? 
Arvind Kapil: 
We have said what we had to say. My limited point is, there are two figures that we have done 
this time. One is an additional disclosure. So, let me reiterate that for everybody's consumption. 
3.14% has gone down to 2.61% on an overall level. That's level one, 53 basis point reduction. 
That's not elevated if I see all the NBFCs, by the way, just for my academic knowledge. The 
second one is, if I remove STPL from there, we have done an additional disclosure that 12 of 
my businesses, which is approximately 80% of approximately Rs. 41,000 crores which might be 
what, 35,000-odd 32,000-33,000 crores, whatever it is. That is a decently sized book, which is a 
credit cost of 1.43%, even if it goes up by 10-20 basis point, hypothetically on a quarter-on-
quarter basis, or you even vary that slightly and year-on-year, we have given a projection on 
both these figures will come down and are noteworthy in the next two, three years. So, this is 
important to absorb and understand what I am saying. If you look at 12 businesses and you 
compare it with, these are almost projections of 12 businesses out of my 13 businesses, which is 
very close to banking kind of NCL. I've not seen this in the NBFC world, by the way. So, these 
are not significantly elevated anymore. These figures, please get these figures absolutely clear 
what I am saying. These are precise disclosures, which should have no doubts what I am talking 
about. Thanks. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it, sir. And then last question, as you have acknowledged, MSME has been in the storms 
since yesterday. So, if you could just help us understand. 
Arvind Kapil: 
I never acknowledge. That's your statement. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
No, sir. That's what I am saying. But what I am trying to understand is if you could help us 
understand our MSME business a little better, right? Because I got a little confused when we 
said that 60%-70% of our MSME is secured against property. I was under the impression our 
LAP book that we report separately, right? That is the loans that we give out against our property. 
So, MSME, I mean, is it secured, unsecured? I am just trying to understand that a little better. 
And also, within MSME unsecured that we do, I am assuming we also do business loans. So, 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
what kind of ticket size do we do in business loans? What's the usual turnover of the micro 
enterprises that we cater to in our MSME business? 
Arvind Kapil: 
So, MSME for us, I think what Shriram was alluding to, and he can chip in if he likes, is 63% of 
whatever MSME we do happens to be secure. So, that's point, approximately ballpark what I 
heard him say. But more importantly, whether it's secured or it's unsecured, whether it's loans 
against property, whether it's business loans, or any of the other versions of MSME that we do, 
what I can assure you is, is extremely well calibrated on the risk side. Now, industry might be 
going through its various, I don't think there's anything too unusual about when I was handling, 
before my previous assignment, a very large portfolio as well. I think we have always had these 
situations of MSMEs - always have to be very well risk-calibrated. I don't see any storm in the 
industry in my assessment. These storms have always existed if you don't calibrate it well. So, 
to blame the industry is not something I see that way. I see that if you've got to be well risk-
calibrated, and the industry is what it was, I don't think there's a deterioration in the industry 
level, and I am not a large enough size to comment on it. So, I don't see it that way. And so that's 
what I like to share with you. As far as the book is concerned, it's behaving really well right now. 
So, that's all I can share with you. Our new calibration will be extremely well calibrated because 
that's what we are here for. But I don't even think industry is at any concern level, to be honest 
with you. If you don't calibrate yourself well, it's very easy to blame the industry. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So, that's fair. And thank you for a detailed explanation. That's all from my side. Congratulations 
and best wishes to you. 
Arvind Kapil: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mohit Jain from Tara Capital Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
Hello. Sir, this is regarding the STPL portfolio. I guess it was 8% in the last quarter, and right 
now I think it's down to 4%. And you have earlier said that 80% of this portfolio is well calibrated 
with zero DPD, and you don't expect any slippage from that. So, for the remaining 20% of the 
portfolio, right now I think you have said that the figure for the STPL provision is Rs. 67 crores. 
That seems to be a pretty high NPA we are having in that portfolio. Can you just clarify on this 
one, sir? 
Shriram Iyer: 
If you look at even the balance book, as I said, yeah, we have a substantial amount as I last time 
disclosed. It's a zero DPD book. Second is we are carrying sufficient provisioning. So, to that 
extent, I don't see any kind of an issue out there. Second is from a collection efficiency 
standpoint, we have significantly improved our collection efficiency. So, with a 4% with a zero 
DPD book, which is substantial enough, and we have sufficient provisioning around it, I don't 
see any issue. And if you ask me, the problem actually doesn't exist now anymore. It's just over 
next seven to eight months, it may kind of run off. And we have sufficient provisioning around 
that. 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
Mohit Jain: 
Just to clarify, sir, just to re-frame the question. So, right now the old STPL is around Rs. 1,700 
crores, like 4% roughly. If you are saying 80% is well-calibrated, the remaining 20% is around 
Rs. 500 crores-Rs. 600 crores, on which we already had a quarterly provision of Rs. 60 crores-
Rs. 70 crores. So, that number seems to be very high. So, is it fair to say that 80% of the book is 
completely clean and 20% is almost going to be written off sort of a book which is gradually, 
we don't expect much recovery there? 
Arvind Kapil: 
To be honest, better to be conservative on that and we like to believe the same, but it's better to 
be watchful till it's gone, alright? 
Mohit Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kaitav Shah from Anand Rathi. Please go 
ahead. 
Kaitav Shah: 
Good evening, sir. Just one question on the MSME book. In terms of credit underwriting, we 
have always harped on stronger credit underwriting. If you can tell us a bit more about the book 
in terms of leverage, financial leverage of your customers, what proportion of the book would 
be to more than three or four lenders, something like that, at least at the start of it? 
Shriram Iyer: 
Kaitav, this is Shriram here. In fact, that's a great question and you actually answered my point. 
The biggest challenge today in the MSME book was the leverage part of it and that's where we 
look at the number of enquiries in those set of customers and the enquiries are more than two to 
three even enquiries. Forget about even having being a third or fourth lender, we don't even look 
at those kinds of transactions. That's one of our gatekeeping criteria and that's one of the reasons 
that our MSME book is fully under control. 
Arvind Kapil: 
That's a good question and actually it answers what probably we should have answered in the 
first time. So, it's a good question and that's why you see that our quality of the book always 
remains a little more risk-calibrated because some of these things we don't get very tempted to 
kind of walk something which we are not very comfortable with. 
Kaitav Shah: 
Sure, thank you. I think that was my only question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sanjay Chawla from Renaissance 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is, you mentioned that STPL, on 
your core book excluding the STPL credit cost is 1.43%. Can you give a sense of what has been 
your credit cost experienced on the new STPL book so far, especially in this quarter? 
Shriram Iyer: 
On the new STPL book, I can say that my cheque bounces have come down significantly by 
around 70% and my collection efficiency has significantly improved by 40%. We are still at a 
building block stage, the seasoning of those loans are yet to be seen, but it is by the cheque 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
bounces being down by 70% itself gives us, it's a very encouraging result for us and we don't 
see any challenge in terms of portfolio quality on that book. 
Arvind Kapil: 
As a matter of fact, after adequately seasoning and waiting for it patiently, last quarter we have 
started scaling it up and that's why I wanted the secured books to be of a certain size before we 
start scaling it up and I think it's, we are very excited about it, as a matter of fact, if I can use that 
word, because it's very decently well calibrated. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
My question was, to quantify it, the credit cost on your new STPL book, would it be higher than 
the blended 2.61% this quarter? 
Arvind Kapil: 
Yes, because it's a high ROA and high, that's a different one. That's why I've given you details 
of, if I give you the rest of the book at 1.43% and I give you this at 2.61%, that answers your 
question, my friend. And that's a 25% yield, it is a very different business. That's the reason I 
said all other businesses being in a certain price range, we singled out one business. I have not 
singled out consumer durable, we have kept it as part of the regular retail chain, but all regular 
consumer businesses of 12, we have just put it together as an additional disclosure to give exactly 
the sense which you're asking. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
Got it. So, the other question is, what kind of outlook do you have on the OPEX increase now, 
having completed one quarter for the rest of the year? 
Arvind Kapil: 
We expect that our OPEX as a percentage will go up, it hasn't gone up by the way. So, we have 
done some bit of hard work. But I think when you increase 80 branches, you increase around 
1,000 plus people, we are building that up. While on one side, we are working a lot on AI 
projects, a lot of them will get commissioned in the third quarter and a lot of efficiencies will 
start building in the Quarter 4, which will obviously have annualized impacts. So, plus we have 
aggressive plans on growth as well, because our risk calibration is looking pretty good. Imagine 
12 business at 1.43% is almost like banking levels. This is not what I get to see in the NBFC 
world. So, I think we will keep our options open. So, what's the best optimization? I've given 
you enough guidance to get a sense, but I think we are in full control of the ship now. This looks 
like from here on, things look on a very good note, but we will obviously, this is a finance 
business, so we always have to keep ourselves grounded. 
Sanjay Chawla: 
Okay, Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. Two questions, actually. If you could give some color in terms 
of the segmental yield for at least the key lines of businesses, and the other thing is, some sense 
in terms of sourcing mix that you're looking at, which is basically broken up into in-house versus 
a third party sort of a distributor, either digital or physical? 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Arvind Kapil: 
See, our bias is all our businesses have been designed keeping in mind 3%-3.5% ROAs. Now, I 
don't think on an earnings call, I can summarize all yields, but these are obviously healthy yields. 
Our cost of borrowing, my OPEX costs, if I have to make it 3%-3.5%, all six businesses that I've 
launched with a bias towards healthy ROAs, because that's what we have given a commitment 
we want to reach or exceed, whatever. So, with that, we also have STPL that we have managed 
to reduce our bounce rates, get the thing recalibrated. We have a lot of digital journeys that we 
even run on higher pricing than regular businesses that we run for price, for convenience, 
whether it's personal loans that we are surprised positively to see that our daily run rates seem 
moving on a healthy level at very decently high yields. Some of them are even at a 4% ROAs. 
So, I think that's how I normally like to answer these questions, is sort of giving a competing 
strength sort of what pricing each business I do. But it's all healthy pricing, we are in this business 
to make money. So, we are very clear, risk-calibrated and we want to make money on this. So, 
this has to be on healthy ROAs, which is why you see some of the businesses which are low 
ROAs have not launched only, because they're much easier to do. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
It's essentially 5% pre-tax ROAs, what you're looking at? 
Arvind Kapil: 
I mean, we have given a post-tax kind of guidance of 3%-3.5%. I will probably maintain that at 
the right time. So, we will go with that. See, most of the guidance, we move to 30-35%, we beat 
it, we kind of exceeded that. We said, second year 35-40%, we have given you a guidance that 
it will be notches better. Our risk cost has come down. We have given you additional disclosure 
on credit basis. Investors have been asking. You need it greater, it was a fair point. I've given 
you 12 with a percentage that none of the NBFCs have right now. And this is a Rs. 33,000-
35,000 crores odd book, which is not like some Rs. 8,000 crores book. So, I think it's got enough 
on the table for you to do the math and figure out what's the post-tax ROA, pre-tax. But allow 
me to stick to the guidance we have so far given here, because I think quite a bit before I speak 
any different line. That's the reason I would like to stick to what I said. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Yes, fair. And if you could give some color on sourcing, in terms of how much of it could be in-
house versus, where you could use some channel partners? 
Arvind Kapil: 
Fair point. It must have been a little complex, but I will give you a sense. I covered something 
called digital marketing. The reason I covered that was to give you a sense, while it sounded a 
little complex or it sounded theory, the real reality is we did Meta, Google and a whole lot of 
other channels that we are activating, this company never had direct digital business or PL Prime 
or business loans coming in closing end-to-end digitally. To create that market is what we are 
working on. And as you create the first level, the second level becomes much lower cost every 
year because the cross-sell goes up. The net impact starts getting positive and positive. So, what 
happens, the company acquires 100 customers next year, 20%-30% of them come in as cross-
sell and your overall cost starts actually becoming extremely advantageous. So, if you see the 
whole model is fairly thought through. My sourcing is through DSAs. My sourcing is creating 
two industry-first digital journeys, which will both be for business loans, as well as white collar 
personal loans. We are going to price for convenience, and we have made it successful in the 
personal loan side already, by the way. We haven't disclosed the daily run rates, but it's on a 

 
Poonawalla Fincorp Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
healthy level already. And that’s the beauty is that keeps increasing. Even every two weeks, we 
find that the level is going up because that's how the word of mouth and that spreads. So, we are 
investing a fair amount of time and effort to develop that ecosystem. I think that will also give 
us a cutting edge in terms of first right to refusal. Look at it simplistically. Imagine a Fintech 
who's giving business to your top banks today, why shouldn't it embed my journey and give me 
the business that we approve at my pricing? It doesn't have to do anything, but there's a huge 
amount of customers who want the loans at 5 in the morning, 11 or 11.30 sitting in their house. 
They don't mind if the EMI is what they can afford, and the profiles are right. Convenience, 
pricing for convenience is a very dumb thing in the world. And we get good customers; we get 
the first right to refuse. So, you have digital journeys sizing up in a big way. You've got physical 
journeys also we are investing. For example, on one side, we are coming up with industry first 
digital journeys. On the other side, I've said 400 gold branches. Why? Because if we had a break 
even in 13 months, and my team tell me we could be breaking even 11 months hypothetically, 
or earlier, let's see how it goes quarter and quarter. It could be early to comment. But let's say 
then you can size up both opportunities and in a seasoned state gold could be a 4% ROA 
business. Why shouldn't we set that up? So, we are here to make money in terms of 
professionally on the company. It's very important that we build both on the franchise of physical 
and digital as long as it makes good ROAs. And like I said, we will raise external capital at 4.75-
5 and with our projections, why shouldn't we aspire for a 20% ROE in the third, fourth year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question and conclude the question-
and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. 
Arvind Kapil: 
Thank you so much for such a large audience showing interest. We are truly honored. Thank 
you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Poonawalla Fincorp Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
