 
Registered Office: L&T House, N. M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001. INDIA                  CIN: L72900MH2012PLC232169 
     Tel: +91 22 6892 5257 Fax: +91 2267525858 
     L&T Technology Services is a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited 
L&T Technology Services Limited 
A.M. Naik Tower,6th Floor, L&T Campus, 
Gate No.3, Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road, 
Powai, Mumbai-400072. 
www.ltts.com 
 
          
July 22, 2025 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex   
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051. 
NSE Symbol: LTTS 
                   BSE Limited                    
                   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
                   Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
                   BSE Script Code: 540115 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on July 16, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the 
transcript of Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on July 16, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For L&T Technology Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Prasad Shanbhag 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(M. No. A 30254) 
 
 
 
PRASAD 
VISHNU 
SHANBHAG
Digitally signed by 
PRASAD VISHNU 
SHANBHAG 
Date: 2025.07.22 
14:16:16 +05'30'

 
 
 
L&T Technology Services  
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
For the Earnings Call held on July 16, 2025, 19:00hrs IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. AMIT CHADHA – CEO & MD, 
MR. ABHISHEK – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & PRESIDENT, 
MR. ALIND SAXENA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & PRESIDENT, 
MR. RAJEEV GUPTA – CFO, 
MR. SANDESH NAIK – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking 
statements, which involve number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially 
from those in such forward-looking statements. L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) does not undertake to 
update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Q1FY26 Conference Call of L&T 
Technology Services Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandesh Naik, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Sandesh Naik: 
Hello, everyone. I am Sandesh and welcome you all to the Earnings Call of L&T Technology 
Services for Q1FY26. Our Financial Results, Investor Release and Press Release have been filed 
on the stock exchanges and are also available on our website www.ltts.com  
                                                I hope you have had a chance to go through them. This call is for 60 minutes. We will try to 
wrap up the management remarks in 20 minutes and then open up for Q&A. The audio recording 
of this call will be available on our website approximately one hour after the call ends. 
With that, let me introduce the leadership team present on this call. We have with us Amit 
Chadha – CEO and MD, Abhishek – Executive Director and President, Alind Saxena – 
Executive Director and President and Rajeev Gupta – CFO. 
We will begin with  Amit providing an overview of the company’s performance and outlook 
followed by Rajeev who will walk you through financial performance. I now invite Amit for his 
opening remarks. 
Amit Chadha: 
Thank you all for joining us on the call today.  
                                                First, let me provide the key Highlights on our Q1 Performance:  
• 
In US dollar terms, our revenue was up 13.6% YoY, while our Q1 Smart World 
seasonality predominantly impacted revenues to decline by 2.9% QoQ. 
• 
Our major markets of North America and Europe continue to grow sequentially. 
• 
Our most profitable segment, Sustainability grew 16.4% YoY and 4.1% QoQ, to cross 
the USD 100 Mn quarterly milestone, and is now USD 400 Mn + annual business on 
a run rate basis. Therefore, all three segments are at USD 400 + Mn annualized 
revenue. 
• 
Based on targeted efforts to pivot on growth and improve our market share, we 
continued with the large deal momentum in Q1 to surpass USD 200 Mn in large deal 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
TCV for the third consecutive quarter which includes one USD 50 Mn deal, three USD 
20 - 30 Mn deals and six USD 10 Mn + deals. Again, for clarification, we will be going 
forward report LDTCV which is Large Deal TCV, and these are deals above USD 10 
Mn each. 
• 
Our “Go deeper to scale” strategy and proactive investment in new age technologies 
are leading to stronger partnerships with clients and a robust TCV booking - the 
LDTCV booking and TCV booking.  
• 
The EBIT margin held at 13.3% for the quarter.  
o 
This is in spite of the revenue impact of SWC seasonality, headwinds in the 
Mobility segment and support extended to strategic customers as 
highlighted in the previous earnings call.  
o 
We expect EBIT margins to see an improvement in the coming quarters as 
growth gets broad-based across segments. 
Now, a few highlights on our Technology and Innovation Charter: 
• 
Today, our engineers have deployed multiple programs for clients in AI and have filed 
206 patents in this domain. AI is also becoming central in our deal wins and in 
establishing strategic partnership with our clients. 
• 
Additionally, we are launching PLxAI, our proprietary AI framework, which 
accelerates product development life cycle for global customers. PLxAI combines 
smart prompting, contextual intelligence and agentic workflows to significantly 
reduce product life cycle.  
• 
PLxAI was originally incubated in the Mobility segment but has now been scaled and 
propagated to other segments using our multi-vertical crosspolli-innovation approach. 
• 
Overall, patent portfolio stood at 1,550, out of which 952 are co-authored with clients 
and the rest are filed by LTTS. 
• 
To address specific areas of client investments in the U.S. market, we inaugurated a 
new design center in Plano, Texas, focused on cutting-edge technologies, 
cybersecurity and AI. This will help us to expand our footprint in our key markets, 
helping us gain further market share. 
• 
As an ITAR-compliant facility, the center is also equipped to design, develop and test 
defense-related products and systems.  
• 
This investment made ahead of the curve underscores LTTS' commitment to 
delivering advanced solutions in AI & Tech and establish much more nearshore 
centers tailored to evolving needs of our clients. 
With that, let me move to segmental performance and outlook: 
We will start with Mobility:  
• 
So, starting with some good news, the Trucks & Off Highway and Aerospace & Rail 
subsegment did well and grew sequentially and YoY for us. 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
• 
The Auto segment continues to be in flux, and let me provide some color around BEV, 
hybrid and ICE. China's alternative low-cost innovation and stack in this area, is 
creating disruptions to existing industry causing further challenges to established 
global players.  
• 
There is continued demand by consumers to get more SDV features, which with high 
cost of ER&D development OEMs in U.S. and Europe is becoming slightly difficult. 
Our investment in building solutions like LTTS iDriVe and stacks for EV and hybrid, 
coupled with our offshore delivery model, which provides a lower cost model as 
compared to a completely onsite model, have positioned us as a partner of choice for 
our customers basis which we continue to win new programs, which I will detail in a 
bit.  
• 
There is, however, a short-term pause in some programs and delayed starts in others. 
We expect these dynamics to keep Automotive muted in the short term for another 
couple of quarters with growth returning after that. 
• 
On to the deals we have won around SDV, AI, next-gen product design, software 
design development and digital engineering include:  
o 
A multi-year deal with a U.S. automotive components maker to deliver 
engineering support, including ASPICE- compliant systems, software, 
functional safety, cybersecurity and quality assurance.  
o 
We have been named a strategic supplier for thyssenKrupp Steering and 
TRATON Group.  
o 
A satellite Technology company awarded LTTS a significant deal for 
software design, development, and embedded engineering for airborne 
systems. 
o 
Overall, in the Mobility segment, we have won 5 $10 Mn+ deals in Q1. This 
vindicates our solution stack, and we are actively engaged in securing many 
more deals.  
• 
The pipeline in Mobility overall remains robust with a lot of action in Auto, T&OH, 
Aero and Rail. We continue to work with our clients to get these to closure.  
We believe that overall, Mobility will stay muted in the near term and expect a turnaround in the 
second half of FY26. 
Coming to Sustainability: 
• 
The Sustainability segment did well with 16.4% YoY and 4.1% QoQ growth, to cross 
the USD 100 Mn milestone for the first time in a quarter. The large deal closures in 
the previous quarters are ramping up, leading to further growth during the year.  
• 
More than half of the large deals wins in Q1 are in the Sustainability segment, which 
is our highest profitable segment. 
• 
Subsegment details: 
• 
In Plant Engineering, we continue to see strong demand across O&G and CPG, led 
by greenfield and brownfield capex projects. We are also seeing ongoing demand in 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
plant modernization for increased efficiency, sustainability and safety-led projects for 
legacy plants. 
o 
Key clients continue to ramp up with us. In fact, Q2 will see us back with a 
$50 Mn account on an annualized run rate basis, which is a milestone that 
we should all be happy and proud about. 
o 
In a large deal of $50 Mn, we were chosen by a Global Energy major for 
Enterprise Data and Digital Services based entirely on our proprietary tools. 
• 
In Industrial, we continue to see ramp-ups of large deals signed and a robust pipeline 
of deals going ahead, because of our AI-led interventions in the PDLC offerings. 
• 
A Couple of Details: 
o 
We have signed a strategic agreement with Tennant Company to advance 
sustainable new product development. We have set up a dedicated offshore 
engineering center for them. 
o 
We have also signed a definitive agreement to support product sustenance 
and lifetime development for a Semiconductor equipment manufacturing 
company across multiple product lines. 
Overall, for the Sustainability segment, we see an increased large deal pipeline and expect the 
growth momentum to continue with both Industrial and Plant subsegments doing well this year. 
Now to Tech: 
• 
The Tech segment grew 29.4% YoY as it includes the benefit of Intelliswift revenue 
for the quarter. Though as expected Q1 is down sequentially on account of the 
seasonality of Smart World subsegment.  
• 
With the integration of Intelliswift complete, the Software and Platform subsegment 
with its software and Agentic AI offerings has seen a good response from our 
customers across hyperscalers, fintech & healthcare. 
• 
The Media & Tech subsegment continues to evolve with new technology areas and 
experiencing significant transformation driven by advancements in AI and immersive 
technologies. 
o 
We continue to grow in the U.S. market and have seen some traction in our 
Semiconductor accounts. We are pursuing some deals in this area and expect 
to close them shortly. 
• 
In the Med-Tech subsegment, demand is being led by AI investments across Digital 
Manufacturing, Sustenance Engineering and QARA. All of them have shown good 
growth despite some delays in decision-making in the U.S. market.  
o 
We have onboarded new logos, especially in Ophthalmology space, which 
should aid for the growth.  
o 
Overall, MedTech is expected to grow further in the second half of the year 
as we look forward. 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
• 
In the Smart World space, we have developed a domain-centric computer vision ops 
Platform applicable for Urban & Smart spaces, Public Safety, Energy & Utility and 
Manufacturing. 
o 
We recently won a Safe City project in India, leveraging AI and analytics to 
enhance public safety with an Adaptive Traffic Control System. 
o 
Our foray in the Middle East is progressing, setting up a strong foundation. 
with a pipeline, and we expect that FY26 will be the year when we start 
revenues from the Middle East. 
In the Tech segment, there are various large deals in advanced stages of negotiation, which we 
hope to sign off in the coming months. This will help us continue Tech's growth trajectory from 
Q2 onwards. 
Before I come to outlook, let me provide some overarching color on the state of the market as 
we see today: 
• 
Given the dynamic nature of the market, our clients are still a little cautious about 
decision-making. But based on multiple conversations with a confidential poll that we 
ran across our client base, a large number of our clients see things stabilizing, and as 
a result, H2 potentially being better than H1. 
• 
We are seeing AI become a central area of focus with our clients. The AI wave of 
engineering R&D is beginning to gain traction, and this is on account of enterprise 
tech leaders who believe that they are behind their peers in embracing AI to accelerate 
product development and improve productivity. The poll also finds that 30% of the 
clients are engaged in full-fledged AI programs, while others are still in POC stage. 
Therefore, the AI spend appears to be real. This is resulting in deals and programs 
coming up for bids and rebids. 
• 
The setting up of localized and regionalized supply chains, along with Software-
Defined Everything, Industrial automation in the near term and Robotics and 
Humanoids in the medium term will continue to drive spends. 
With that, let me discuss our Outlook: 
• 
Our unique balanced 3 segment approach allows us to grow in a derisked manner and 
safeguarding us in the current uncertain market environment and tightened demand 
conditions.  
• 
I'm encouraged by our robust backlog order book, which has been increasing QoQ and 
YoY and a healthy pipeline of $50 Mn+ deals slated to close in the coming quarters.  
• 
Backed by an increased order book with a focus on resilience and profitable growth, 
we look forward to double-digit growth over FY25 while maintaining our medium-
term outlook of $2 Bn of revenue. 
Thank you all for your continued support. With this, I'll now hand over the call to Rajeev and 
then stay back for questions. Thank you so much. 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you, Amit. Greetings to all of you. 
Let me begin with the key highlights for Q1FY26: 
• 
Our focus on growth has led to another quarter of healthy large deal wins over $200 
Mn, which provides comfort that H2 will be better compared to H1. The Sustainability 
segment now stands at $100 Mn quarterly run rate, and all our 3 segments have crossed 
the $400 Mn annual run rate. This vindicates our diversification strategy and a well-
balanced portfolio, especially during these dynamic times. 
• 
This quarter saw 13.6% YoY growth in dollar terms, though there was a decline in 
sequential revenues due to seasonality of Smart World business, headwinds from 
macro environment and challenges in Automotive sector. Despite these challenges, 
our margins have been resilient and stable compared to the previous quarter. 
• 
We continue to innovate and build next-gen solutions. Glad to share that we have been 
recognized in the Leadership quadrant by ISG in Aerospace and Defense Services 
2025 in Europe, and by HFS in Engineering Research and Development Service 
Provider 2025. 
With that, let me take you through Q1FY26 financials, starting with P&L.  
Our revenue for the quarter was ₹ 2,866 crores, a growth of 16.4% on a YoY basis and a decline 
of 3.9% on a sequential basis due to reasons mentioned earlier. 
Our EBIT margin for the quarter came in at 13.3%, which saw a slight improvement over the 
previous quarter. We expect margins to show gradual improvement from here on. 
Moving to below EBIT: 
Talking about Other Income 
The Other Income was ₹ 51 crores higher on a sequential basis, majorly due to forex gains. 
Our Effective Tax Rate for Q1 was 26.9%, better compared to our expected range of 27.5%. 
Net Income for the quarter was ₹ 316 crores, up 1.5% on a QoQ basis, which is 11% of revenue. 
Moving to Balance Sheet, let me highlight key line items: 
Our Q1 DSO was at 98 days compared to 88 days in Q4; Unbilled days at 17 in Q1 compared to 
18 days in Q4. The combined DSO, including unbilled, stood at 116 days compared to 106 days 
in Q4, which is still within our target range of 110 to 115 days for the year. We expect this to 
improve as the year progresses. 
Our Free Cash Flow came in negative ₹ 28 crores due to the seasonality of our Smart World 
business. 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Our Cash and Investments stood at ₹ 2,431 crores at the end of Q1, vs ₹ 2,981 crores at the end 
of Q4. This is on account of payment of dividend and balance consideration of Intelliswift 
acquisition. 
Moving to revenue metrics: 
In dollar terms, we reported revenue of $335 Mn compared to $345 Mn in Q4, a decline of 2.9% 
in reported terms. 
Talking about segment margin performance for Q1FY26: 
Mobility segment margins for Q1 came in at 15.3%, lower compared to previous quarter, 
stemming from delayed decision-making of large deals, pauses in existing programs and 
discounts being sought by customers. 
Sustainability margins for the quarter came in at 27.4%, showing significant improvement due 
to the ramp up of large deal wins in both subsegments. We are witnessing healthy pipeline and 
deal closures in this segment, which will continue to aid revenue growth and margin 
improvement in the coming quarters. 
Tech segment margins for the quarter came in at 9.0%, pleased to share that our integration plan 
for Intelliswift acquisition is on track and showing improvement in revenue growth and margins, 
though we saw a decline in this segment in the margins compared to the previous quarter due to 
continued strategic support for select programs and customers. 
Moving on to operational metrics: 
The Onsite:Offshore mix showed slight improvement towards offshore, compared to Q4. 
Offshore percentage now stands at 56.1%. 
The T&M revenue mix was 62.2% in Q1, slightly higher compared to Q4. 
With respect to Client Profile, which indicates the number of million-dollar-plus accounts 
showed a sequential improvement in the $10 Mn+, $5 Mn+ and $1 Mn+ category. The client 
profile will continue to improve in the coming quarters.  
Our Client Contribution to revenue was slightly muted compared to Q4 in the top 20 category. 
We expect revenue from top customers to improve going forward as we are running targeted 
programs on client mining. 
The Headcount came in at 23,626 in Q1 compared to 24,258 in Q4, while Attrition came in at 
14.8%. We have been leveraging AI and automation for customer projects and also driving 
internal efficiencies. We now see a trend of non-linearity between revenue and headcount. 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
The Realized Rupee for Q1 was around ₹ 85.48 to the US dollar, an appreciation of around 1.1% 
vs Q4. 
Before I conclude, let me provide visibility on the margin trajectory going forward: 
We expect our EBIT margin trajectory in H2 to be better than H1, based on continued 
momentum on large deal wins, revenue growth in higher margin segments and leverage on 
operational efficiency, including AI-led automation.  
We continue to aspire for improving EBIT margins to mid-16% levels between Q4FY27 and 
Q1FY28. 
Thank you. I now hand it over to the moderator for questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. The first question is from Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. The first question was for Amit. Basically, some of your other 
peers seem to be slightly more positive with regard to the Automotive passenger vehicle demand 
while your commentary seems to be slightly more somber. If you could just talk about this 
customer-specific impact because of which you've seen a more muted performance? That is 
question number one. The second question is with regard to the margin outlook. And while we 
continue to retain the mid-16% EBIT margin target by Q4FY27 or Q1FY28, just wanted to 
understand if you could broadly talk about how we should be thinking about the scope for 
recovery across gross margins and SG&A on a go-forward basis? 
Amit Chadha: 
Okay. So, Manik, first of all, on a lighter note, we don't do Automotive only. We do a lot more. 
We are a diversified player, which is good news here. Now if I specifically talk about Auto, see 
I'll tell you generically and I'm not talking LTTS clients specifically, U.S. automakers are in a 
flux because they were investing in EV till two quarters ago and now are not sure whether to 
continue to invest in EV or should they go back to ICE, right? number one. In the case of 
European players, which is facing competition from China and the Chinese stack and the EV 
stack, the China EV players are selling cars at 1/3 and 1/4 of the price of the same cars available 
from the European OEMs. That is putting immense pressure on them to reimagine the stack. At 
the same time, SDV features that were being rolled out by U.S. OEMs and European OEMs are 
being pushed out because of the dynamics in the market. So, that is creating the pauses, that is 
creating a little bit of dynamism, shall I say. Now the positives are that traditional European 
ER&D players and the small amount of U.S. players, and they are very few and you are aware 
of it as well, are unable to service the later gen offerings that are required by the OEMs out there. 
That is creating an opportunity for companies like LTTS and our peer group. We also announced 
a $50 Mn win last quarter just before the quarter ended in Auto. I reaffirmed that in terms of the 
wins we have had in this quarter, I am being cautious on grounds of prudence in the Auto sector. 
The deals are robust, the pipeline that we have got is robust. Now, it depends on what will close 
when and if it does, it will turn out as an upside for us. So, that's broadly where I am on Auto. I 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
also want to reaffirm that we have not paused any investment. In fact, the PLxAI tool came out 
of Mobility, we could have killed it thinking that nothing will happen in Mobility right now, but 
we have actually taken it forward. Second, LTTS iDrive 1.0 was launched last year. LTTS iDrive 
2.0, will be launched in the next two months. We already have production customers for LTTS 
iDrive 1.0 and we have customers lined up for LTTS iDrive 2.0 as well. So, signs, like I said, 
market a little bit of flux but there is an opportunity, let us see where it goes. The year is to be 
played off. Rajeev, I want to hand it over to you for the margins. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Sure. So, Manik, to talk about the margins, there are various levers that we are continuing to 
work on. First, of course, the growth and quality of revenue, right? We have been talking about 
large deal wins. And particularly, we are seeing good traction of large deal wins in the 
Sustainability segment, right, which is, of course, going to improve the mix of revenue within 
high margin segments, leading to improvement in margin. That is one. Second, we have talked 
about productivity levers. So, operational efficiency, be it in terms of pyramids, fresher intake, 
offshoring looking at automation, AI, etc., these are areas that we continue to work upon. Third, 
from an SG&A standpoint, I would guide that you should model between 10.5% - 11.5% of 
SG&A cost. Fourth, we have talked about Intelliswift integration plan. This is an integration 
plan that we have built for the next eight quarters where you will see incrementally margin 
improving. So, these are all the areas that we are working upon. Largely, what we have talked 
about is H2 will see better margins compared to H1 because some of the strategic support that 
we called out for in Q4 continues to be there in Q1 and may extend even in Q2. But thereafter, 
we expect that some of these strategic supports that we are calling out should turn into either 
billing or phasing out, beginning Q3. Hence, H2 margins will be better compared to H1. So, 
those are a few things which gives us the confidence to get to mid-16% levels by Q4FY27 or 
Q1FY28. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure, that is helpful. The second question is for Amit. With regards to the strong pipeline that 
you spoke about and continuous pressure on the European OEM players, do you think probably 
not FY26, but sometime in FY27, we see a repeat of the kind of growth that we saw in FY22 
and FY23 in the Mobility segment? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, again, Manik, we are getting into conjunctures here. We are reading tea leaves too much. 
My humble request to you, dear friend, is to allow us a quarter to come back to you because 
there is a lot of play here on Auto like I said, and I am confident that the stack that we have built 
is there. I am also confident that this is going to come back. In fact, I said that Auto should come 
back after a couple of quarters. That is what I said. And Mobility will come back because of 
T&OH and Aero, it will come back from Q3 onwards. And maybe Q2, if we win the deals in the 
ramp-up happens. So, we are not giving up. What I'm saying is I would like to make sure that I 
deliver whatever I commit to you all in a call. We really appreciate your confidence in us. So, a 
little bit of caution there, please. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you. All the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Karan Uppal from Phillip Capital India. Please go ahead. 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Karan Uppal: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my side. Firstly, Amit, on the 
revenue conversion, so the last three quarters were pretty strong from the deal signings 
perspective. How are you seeing that revenue conversion -- is the revenue conversion on track 
or are you seeing some delay due to the macro uncertainty? And the second question is on the 
overall pipeline. So, the last three quarters have been pretty strong in terms of the deal signings. 
So, should we expect this $200 Mn deal win number to be a new base for LTTS? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, Karan, thank you. Karan, first, I would like to confirm to you, our aspiration is to stay at this 
$200 Mn LDTCV every quarter. And I in fact want to start inching upward. And I will tell you 
what we have changed. Once we have gone to these segments, the three segments externally and 
seven segments internally, we kind of now have seven sales organizations in the company. So, 
I do expect this to start bearing fruit and growing as we go forward. So, Karan, to answer your 
question straight, the $200 Mn LDTCV should be considered as something that we will continue 
to try and deliver as you go forward. With the segment approach, we have got LD teams in every 
segment, and we expect this to continue to fire. Number two, in terms of pipeline, we have a 
robust pipeline. It has grown QoQ and YoY. Not just that order backlog because of this TCV 
closures have increased YoY for us and QoQ as well. Now in terms of execution, we are more 
or less on target in execution. You can see that in the Sustainability growth that you are seeing. 
Also, I would like to confirm to you that outside of Smart World, the company QoQ has grown 
sequentially as well, and that is a result of the pipeline getting converted. As I mentioned, in the 
Automotive segment, there were pauses and some delays that our clients wanted in specific cases 
and some program cancellations. But that is a one-off from just Automotive. Other than that, the 
rest of it is all in line and growing. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Just a follow-up. Outside of SWC, you mentioned the company has grown. If you can 
quantify how much is the growth there? 
Amit Chadha: 
We do not do that, Karan, but I can confirm to you that the swing of SWC in Q4 was there. And 
we hope that as we go through the year and we start getting Middle East revenues, some of that 
will go away. But that is work to be done as we move forward into FY26 and beyond. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. And the last question is on the top clients, there has been a decline across the top 5, top 6 
to 10 and 11 to 20 client buckets. Could you clarify what happened there and what is the outlook 
on top 20? 
Amit Chadha: 
See, that was largely driven by the Automotive decline that you saw in revenues. See, if I look 
at it, Mobility, right, if you take the percentages out, the degrowth was what, about $2 Mn, right? 
So, 1.x was a decline in Mobility that we had. So, if you look at it, T&OH and Aero grew to 
make up and Automotive came down, right? So, overall, we want it to be nice, kind of flattish, 
but yes, a little bit of decline. But if I look at it, that has what has impacted some of these 
accounts. But I would not be worried about this. Kindly give us a quarter or so. You will start 
by seeing some of these improvements. In fact, part of my commentary, I announced that we 
will in Q2 hit our first $50 million ARR account yet again, and it will start reflecting, you see, 
we report trailing 12-months to you, but we see ARR ourselves. So, I would like to provide you 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
with confidence that you will see this improvement. I would not be too worried about it at this 
stage. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Thanks, Amit and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Amit, I just want to understand the SWC part a bit more 
here. As you mentioned, outside of SWC, the business grew. We just have two data points. I 
think in both years in FY25 and FY26, in Q1, our revenue fell by around $10 million 
sequentially. Assuming that is all attributable to SWC, I mean, is this a seasonality that we are 
going to continue to see going forward as well that will have basically a ramp up in Q4 and then 
a sharp ramp down of almost $10 million in Q1 or do you think this is going to come down over 
a period of time as we sign more deals? Just an outlook on that because I think, overall, our 
business continues to be stable, but this is the one which is probably dragging the numbers down. 
Amit Chadha: 
Sure. So, Vibhor, thank you so much. And you have been a guide and a coach to us as well as 
we move through the years. So, number one, SWC swing this year from Q4 to Q1 was greater 
than $10 million. And it was made up by the growth of LTTS heritage business and IS organic 
growth as well because IS also came into a certain base, we have had to grow IS, right? So, IS 
grew, LTTS heritage grew. SWC, the swing was greater from Q4 to Q1, right? So, we have been 
able to manage it a little better now. Had Automotive not given us a surprise, you would have 
seen a much smaller swing in terms of the decline, right? So, that is a reality. Having said that, 
we are working hard, Vibhor, to stabilize this. We are very choosy in the contracts that we are 
bidding for in SWC. We are trying to even it out by getting more work from the Middle East 
right now. In fact, I want to request Abhishek, who is our Director, to talk about this as well a 
little bit. And then there is other business, Vibhor, work with the segmentation, and more people 
in the large deals team, more people in the sales team and U.S. and Europe starting to grow for 
us. We believe that when you come to Q1FY27, the decline should be lower or not there. Our 
intent is to not be there. Abhi, if you could please add on Smart World, the solutions and what 
we are doing. 
Abhishek Sinha: 
Yes, thanks, Amit. A couple of points. I truly believe that our growth in the International 
segments, U.S. and Middle East and the kind of deals we are seeing there, U.S., especially in the 
data center side and Middle East led by platforms and fusion and another platform that we are 
building on computer vision. These are the kinds of deals which will be more service-heavy and 
that should reduce the swing that you are seeing. But again, this is something that we are working 
on. The pipeline is good, but till it converts, it is not converted. So, let's hope that in the coming 
quarters, we are able to do much better. 
Amit Chadha: 
You talk about this vision? 
Abhishek Sinha: 
Yes, that is what I am seeing. The computer vision platform they are building. So, what we have 
done is the last seven years of work, we have done smart cities. We have more than 50 use cases 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
of various smart city solutions. We are building a platform where we intend to have a model 
studio where not just our models, but even customers can try out their models, their data. This 
is work-in progress. We should be able to release the MVP shortly. And from there on, a sandbox 
where customers can play on. Something ambitious. And of course, based on what we have 
uniquely achieved in industry and this platform is what we intend to take to the market in the 
coming quarters. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it, got it. Thanks for that very comprehensive answer and looking forward to a much lesser 
decline in 1Q FY27 as we just promised, Amit. Just two quick questions for Rajeev. So, Rajeev, 
I think if I understand correctly, I mean, SWC business has traditionally been and when we 
acquired it also, it is a lower-margin business. So, shouldn't Q1 automatically have a margin 
tailwind if SWC business ramps down in that quarter. I mean, we did see an expansion in Q1 
last year and this year as well. So, could you just take me through the math as to why, despite 
lower SWC revenue, we see basically flattish margins in this quarter or nothing, let's say, kind 
of a jump in margins? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, I think spot on Vibhor, I think I was expecting a question like this. So, really what has 
transpired is, see, SWC business though you call to be relatively lower margin, still has an impact 
on the overall margin, right? So, there is a decline on account of SWC seasonality impacting the 
margins. But what you are also seeing is the strategic support that we have called out continues 
in Q1, right? There are other programs that Amit highlighted in terms of Auto that also faced 
some headwinds, right? You had some program pauses. So, there is more than what we have had 
to deal in Q1 compared to Q4. And that's essentially where you see that despite these headwinds 
through the LTTS heritage business, particularly wins in Sustainability and growth in 
Sustainability segment, we have been able to marginally improve EBIT margins and essentially, 
that's where it is, right? Now if you really bake this out and play forward Q2 and Q3, we are 
anticipating some of these headwinds will phase out, leading to improvement in margins, 
Vibhor. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it, got it, Rajeev. Just one last bit. The cash flow in this quarter was I think I missed your 
original comments. Anything to worry about or just basically a quarterly thing and some of the 
cash flows may be spilled over to the next quarter? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes, Vibhor. I think it might sound like a similar response. Actually, this is a SWC seasonality 
effect, right? Much like revenue, you kind of see an uptick because we are in projects kind of 
business. Of course, with milestones being delivered, that follows through with higher cash 
payment so you will see the uptick, you will see cash improving from here on, you would have 
seen a similar pattern in Q1 last year where we had negative cash flows, but we recovered to 
deliver almost 109% of free cash flow all of FY25. I mean, hoping to get there, if not 100%, at 
least do 90%-plus free cash flows. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Great. Thank you so much for taking my questions and I wish you all the best. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you. 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Congrats on the strong large deal wins. Just wanted to check on 
the Tech segment where you said that you accelerated some support to customers. Is this in 
Semiconductors? 
Amit Chadha: 
Can I request, Ravi, let us leave it at Tech and let us do it. 
Ravi Menon: 
Sure. Just wanted to understand, Amit, here because it looks like there's a little bit more of that 
this quarter compared to last because QoQ, despite SWC seasonality, margins have gone down 
in the Tech segment. So, that is why I wondered if this is like -- it's become a little bit more 
widespread. Is it more customers or a larger extent of support? 
Amit Chadha: 
No, it's not wider customers. There are two specific customers. And like we told you last quarter, 
Ravi, this was Q4, Q1 and potentially a little bit in Q2 support that will be done, and that is the 
end of it. And there are various other measures being taken in the company that we are taking, 
and that is why Rajeev confirmed to you that from an EBIT trajectory H2 will be better than H1. 
And it is our goal to try and get there, a lot of work being done right now and work in play. 
Amit Chadha: 
One more thing. Ravi, also, please keep in mind that with the new age solutions that we are 
launching, etc., we have got a robust pipeline in all the three segments, Mobility, Sustainability 
and Tech. If some of these deals that we are expecting closure on get closed quickly in the quarter 
earlier, before the summer holidays, it will help us as well. So, various things being worked on. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much. I appreciate that. Rajeev, once you are past the Intelliswift acquisition, how 
should we think about the seasonality of margins in our business here overall, considering SWC 
-- should Q1 be the low point or Q4 be the lowest for margins, how should we think about 
seasonality for margins? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Ravi, tempted to almost say that, look, Q1 is the bottom in terms of margins. What probably 
we are a little vary about is, is there any further shocks to absorb in Q2. Having said that, I think 
we have got enough and more to be able to improve margins from here on, right? So, you will 
see gradually margins improve. The reason we are calling out Q2 is because you are still seeing 
some of the dynamics being played out from a macro standpoint. But we are hoping Q2 is the 
last quarter and then we will see margins improving thereafter. 
Ravi Menon: 
Alright. Thanks so much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sandeep Shah from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Just a clarification question. We are reiterating the guidance 
which we have given for double-digit growth in this year. But the last time in the earnings call 
and the press release, we have mentioned about constant currency versus this time, the press 
release does not mention a constant currency. So, is it any assumption change in terms of a full 
year’s guidance this time? 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Amit Chadha: 
No. 
Sandeep Shah: 
So, one can fairly assume the guidance is based on Q4FY25 rates? 
Amit Chadha: 
Q4FY25 Absolutely. Yes, sir. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And directionally, one can assume this growth would be more back-ended rather 
than second quarter may pick up significantly? 
Amit Chadha: 
Need to be worked. I mean internal goals are much higher. You say Man proposes God disposes, 
right? So, I led out with my friend. See, you will see growth in revenue from here on. No second 
doubts about it. How much can we grow in Q2 and then take to Q3 and then to Q4 is to be 
worked on. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And Rajeev, just a clarification. This quarter, we had 11.9% in terms of SG&A, 
which I agree because of the lower revenue base. But you are saying one can model 10.5% - 
11.5%. So, what are the extra things which we are doing beyond growth as a lever which will 
decline into SG&A as a cost? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Sandeep, I think part of this, and if you do go back a few quarters, we have been running at 
that 10.5% - 11% SG&A clip, right? The increase in SG&A from Q4 was largely because of 
Intelliswift, right? Intelliswift being a smaller company at higher levels of SG&A. As part of the 
integration plan, we are continuing to look at opportunities on optimizing and also efficiently 
managing some of the SG&A costs. So, what you will naturally see is that it will come in 
between this 10.5% - 11.5% range, and that is the reason I am guiding to model in that range. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Dipesh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh: 
Just two questions. First, on the Intelliswift. Can you provide, let's say, how the integration 
playing out and the growth rate momentum playing out pipeline and other things? Because when 
we acquired, I think we have a very ambitious target to scale the business in three years. So, if 
you can provide some update on that? Second question is on the clarification side. Last quarter, 
we said organic growth to be better in FY26 compared to FY25. Are we maintaining or we think 
because of weakness in some of the segments that might be tough? Thanks. 
Amit Chadha: 
Okay. Dipesh, thank you. So, first question on Intelliswift that you asked. So, we have created a 
five-year plan for Intelliswift. And so Intelliswift, you can divide up into Hyperscalers in ISV 
business, which was two-third of the business or half of the business. And half of the business 
is in retail, fintech nonbanking institutions, which include private equity and providers and pet 
care, right? So, that is the area that they play in or we play in with Intelliswift. So, we are doing 
two or three things. Immediately, what we have done is we have taken the Hyperscalers, 
combined it with our hyperscalers and going full hog at that. And we have actually now launched 
about 40 AI agents and about six Agentic AI tools that can be leveraged for Hyperscalers. In the 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
other three subsegments, which is retail, fintech nonbanking, which includes private equity and 
in providers and pet care. We have engaged in doing a strategic plan or how can we make each 
of these three subsegments to $100 Mn each in six years. And that is in play right now. We 
remain comfortable and confident, right, that the growth will be there and is there right now with 
a pipeline, right? So, that is number one. Number two, your question on FY26, I am reiterating 
two statements. Number one is that we will have double-digit growth. Number two, we continue 
to work on making sure FY26 will be a better year than FY25. Sustainability is already helping 
us to deliver that. We are choosing whereas do we get the other stuff to be able to deliver but 
year to be played out, my friend. 
Dipesh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes, hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just clarification. So, my question was about you talked new 
client addition in the quarter. Is it led by Intelliswift and if yes, then what is the contribution of 
this unit in the quarter? 
Amit Chadha: 
No, the new clients that we added to Intelliswift must have been added in Q4, right? So, this is 
a new client in addition. There have been teams that have been working hard, my friend. 
Rahul Jain: 
This is across the board, and this must be smaller deals because larger deals cumulatively 
account for other bulk, are this coming as a smaller deal versus what we used to own the accounts 
earlier versus now scaling some smaller-sized accounts? 
Amit Chadha: 
Understand. So, I heard you. Are you asking, are we going after smaller accounts as opposed to 
larger accounts? I think I have got what you are referring to. So, Rahul, of I look at it, our 
Q1FY26 has 200 clients that are $1 Mn+. The last quarter was 194, and one year ago was 177. 
See, this 194 is the new base with Intelliswift. So, from there, we have added six more into Q1 
that are $1 Mn+. Rahul, if you look at it, some of these accounts will move up, right? So, there 
will be addition that we will see, we look at, there are specific clients that we are wanting to 
acquire, right, that we will acquire because we have a must-have logos need to have logos list 
that we have got, plus existing clients will grow. So, both will happen. I also want to confirm to 
you our whole strategy of wanting accounts that are $1 Mn +. In fact, we try and say that if a 
client is not a $1 Mn client, annually for us in about four to six quarters, we do not want to be 
able to continue unless we are working on a specific technology area because it is not a viable 
thing for us to do. So, it is a stated policy within the company respectfully to clients as well. So, 
that has not changed, Rahul. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. So, Amit, why I was connecting the two is because the net active client addition is 38 vs it 
was very static prior to this transaction. So, that is why I was just thinking that most of it might 
have come in the nature of this business. 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call
 
July 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Amit Chadha: 
No. Rahul, in fact, I would like to confirm to you that 194 is including Intelliswift. So, the jump 
between 177 and 194, which is because of Intelliswift, correct? And 194 to 200 is there. Now 
you must be also referring to the total number of active clients. That is from 421 to 459. See, 
because there are seven sales teams in the company now rather than one unified sales team. So, 
there will be more action that you will see. And as you see the pyramid will grow up and our 
whole goal is to go deeper to scale, build larger relationships so you will see more progress. 
Rahul Jain: 
And just one last bit on the aspiration of Q4FY27. I know there is some time for that. Given the 
way macro is shaping, very strong deal win that you are having, we are not seeing the revenue 
ramp up. So, would it be prudent to have a different timeline for that goal or do you think the 
growth in the subsequent year would be much better and that is why it is fair to stay with that 
number? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Rahul, I think a good point. I mean we still would like to stay with that timeline. Like I 
mentioned earlier, I think there are parts to this timeline. One, of course, is the Intelliswift 
integration, which is indeed panning out well, which, of course, gives us the comfort. The 
second, like we talked about, we are seeing a lot of large deal wins in Sustainability segment, 
right? So, along with Plant Engineering, we are seeing a turnaround in Industrial Products also, 
which gives us the comfort. We believe that some of the strategic support is more short-term, 
right, if I were to call out. And beyond Q1, Q2, it should phase out, right? So, we will continue 
to hold the timeline. If there is any, let's say, worsening of the global environment, then we will 
call it out. At this stage, the basis remains the current global environment. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right, right. Thanks for the color and congrats on winning consistently strong deals despite this 
kind of environment. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you, Rahul. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question in the queue. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Sandesh Naik for any closing comments. 
Sandesh Naik: 
Thank you, Ryo. Thank you, everybody, for joining us at this late hour in the evening. And if 
there are any questions which still remain to be answered, we will connect offline. Thank you, 
and take care, everybody. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of L&T Technology Services Limited, that concludes the 
conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy. 
