 
 
 
July 31, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540767 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: NAM-INDIA 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on July 28, 2025, for 
your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company:  
https://mf.nipponindiaim.com/InvestorServices/pdfDocuments/Conference-Call-Transcript-for-Q1-FY-
2026.pdf  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
 
 
Valde Varghese 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
VALDE 
VARGHESE 
PONTHOKKEN
Digitally signed by 
VALDE VARGHESE 
PONTHOKKEN 
Date: 2025.07.31 
18:14:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
 
 
 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
• MR. SUNDEEP SIKKA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CEO 
• MR. PARAG JOGLEKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
• MR. SAUGATA CHATTERJEE – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
• MR. AMOL BILAGI – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
• MR. ARPANARGHYA SAHA – CHIEF DIGITAL OFFICER 
• MR. AASHWIN DUGAL – DEPUTY HEAD OF AIF 
• MR. SHIN MATSUI-SAN - NOMINEE OF NIPPON LIFE INSURANCE, 
JAPAN 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MEGHNA LUTHRA – INCRED EQUITIES 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Nippon Life India Asset 
Management Limited Q1 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen-only mode. And there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*,” then “0” on your touch-tone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Meghna Luthra from InCred Capital. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
 
Meghna Luthra: 
Thank you, and good evening, everyone. On behalf of InCred Equities, I 
welcome you all to Nippon Life India Asset Management's First Quarter FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
 
We have along with us Mr. Sundeep Sikka – Executive Director and CEO, 
along with the Senior Management Team. We are thankful to the Management 
for allowing us this opportunity. I would now like to hand it over to Mr. 
Sundeep sir for his Opening Remarks. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Good evening and welcome to our Q1 FY26 earnings conference call. 
 
We have with us, Chief Financial Officer – Parag Joglekar, Chief Business 
Officer - Saugata Chatterjee, Deputy Chief Financial Officer - Amol Bilagi, 
Chief Digital Officer - Arpan Saha, Head ETF - Arun Sundaresan, Head AIF - 
Ashish Chugani, Deputy Head AIF - Aashwin Dugal and Shin Matsui-san, 
nominee from Nippon Life Insurance (Japan). 
 
I would first like to share key highlights of our performance and post that I will 
hand-over to Parag, to speak in greater detail on the recent Industry trends as 
well as our performance, post which we will move on to QnA. 
 
 
 
 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
Coming to the Key Highlights: 
1. I would like to start by mentioning that NAM India has achieved its 
highest ever quarterly Operating Profit at INR 3.78 bn and Profit After 
Tax at INR 3.96 bn. 
2. Further, NAM India was the fastest growing AMC in the Top-10 
AMCs – both on a QoQ and YoY basis. 
3. This led to an increase in our Overall AUM & Equity AUM market 
share.  
4. We had the highest increase in AUM market share in the Industry on 
a QoQ basis, with market share increase across most asset classes. 
5. Our market share at 8.49% is our highest since June 2019. 
6. Importantly, both Equity Net Sales market share and SIP market share 
remained well above our Equity AUM market share. 
7. Our SIP market share was again greater than 10% in June 2025, and 
our Equity Net Sales market share also moved into double-digits for 
the quarter. 
8. Lastly, on the SIF front, we have the team in place, led by Industry 
veteran Andrew Holland, and we will launch products in due course. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Parag for further details on Industry trends and 
our performance. 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
Thanks, Sundeep. Let me start off with the markets: 
 
Equity markets in Q1 FY26 witnessed a sharp rebound from prior quarter 
levels. The NIFTY increased by 8.5% QoQ, while the NIFTY Mid & Small 
Cap indices increased by 15.0% & 17.8% QoQ, respectively. RBI cut the repo-
rate by 75 bps to 5.50%, while the 10 Year G-Sec yield decreased by 26 bps 
QoQ to 6.32%. 
 
Coming to data on the Mutual Fund industry: 
1. Industry QAAUM grew by 22% YoY and 7% QoQ in Q1 FY26 to INR 
72.1 trillion. 
2. The share of Equity in overall AUM increased marginally QoQ, 
ending at 56.6% for Q1 FY26, from 56.3% in Q4 FY25. 
 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
Now, moving to Industry flows: 
1. The Equity category (excluding index funds and arbitrage funds) 
witnessed a gross inflow of INR 2.12 trillion and a net inflow of INR 
0.82 trillion. Gross inflows were relatively flat QoQ, while and net 
inflows were lower QoQ. 
2. Categories with the highest inflows were Flexi Cap, Small Cap and 
Mid Cap funds. 
3. Moving on to SIP - SIP contribution for the quarter was INR 806 bn, 
up 29% YoY and 3% QoQ. 
4. Monthly SIP flows in Jun-2025 stood at INR 273 bn – an all-time high.  
5. The Fixed Income category i.e. (Debt + Liquid), witnessed a net inflow 
of INR 2 trillion in the quarter, after a net outflow in the prior quarter. 
6. The ETF category had a net inflow of INR 264 bn. 
 
At the end of the quarter, unique investors in the Mutual Fund Industry 
increased to 55.3 mn i.e., an increase of 18% YoY. 
 
Now moving to our business performance: 
1. We closed the quarter with total assets under management of INR 7.44 
trillion. This includes Mutual Funds, Managed Accounts, Offshore 
Funds and GIFT City. 
2. Our Mutual Fund QAAUM grew 27% YoY and 10% QoQ to reach 
INR 6.13 trillion. We were the fastest growing AMC in the Top-10 
both QoQ and YoY in Q1 FY26 and had the highest increase in 
QAAUM market share on a QoQ basis among all AMCs.  
 
I would now like to share a few key highlights for the quarter: 
1. Starting with market share - Our market share increased 23 bps QoQ 
to 8.49%. 
2. Our Equity market share increased 12 bps QoQ to 7.04%. Please note 
that starting this quarter, we have carved out Arbitrage as a separate 
category for better representation. 
3. The share of Equity AUM in our overall AUM decreased by 0.3% QoQ 
to 46.9% for Q1 FY26. 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
4. We achieved a double-digit market share in net sales in the Equity + 
Hybrid segment in Q1 FY26, which is the highest market share we 
have achieved in the last 8 quarters. 
5. We continue to have the largest investor base in the Mutual Fund 
industry, with 21.2 mn unique investors. We are humbled to have over 
1 in 3 mutual fund investors invest with us. 
6. During the quarter, we also completed the NFO of the Nippon India 
Income Plus Arbitrage Active Fund of Fund. As at the end of the 
quarter, the AUM in this fund stood at INR 5.8 bn. 
 
I would also like to touch upon some important aspects of our Systematic 
Book: 
1. I am happy to share that there has been continued momentum in our 
systematic flows. 
2. Our monthly systematic book rose by 29% YoY and 4% QoQ to INR 
33.2 bn for Jun-2025. This resulted in an annualized systematic book 
of INR 398 bn. 
3. SIP market share stood at 10.07% for Jun-2025. 
 
Moving on briefly to the ETF Segment: 
1. We continue to be one of the largest ETF players with AUM of INR 
1.74 trillion and a market share of 19.76%, which increased by 69 bps 
QoQ. 
2. Our share in the industry’s ETF folios is 52%. We also have 51% share 
of ETF volumes on the NSE and the BSE. Our ETFs’ average daily 
volumes, across key funds, remain far higher than the rest of the 
Industry. 
3. Our Gold ETF is among the Top-10 globally in terms of AUM as of 
June 2025. 
4. In Q1 FY26, we launched 4 new products: 1) Nippon India Nifty 500 
Quality 50 Index Fund, 2) Nippon India Nifty 500 Low Volatility 50 
Index Fund, 3) Nippon India BSE Sensex Next 30 ETF and 4) Nippon 
India BSE Sensex Next 30 Index Fund. 
 
 
 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
Moving on to our digital franchise: 
1. Digital purchase transactions rose to 3.57 million in Q1 FY26, up 27% 
YoY. Digital Business contributed 75% of the total new purchase 
transactions Q1 FY26.  
2. NIMF's focused digital strategy is delivering results, driven by real 
time 
intelligent 
platforms, 
simplified 
onboarding, 
tailored 
communication, and pioneering content designed to engage GenZ 
investors. 
3. NIMF’s robust digital distribution framework, data-driven targeted 
campaigns, and best-in-class digital assets continue to strengthen its 
leadership across the overall digital landscape. 
 
Now, I would like to briefly update you on our subsidiaries - namely the 
AIF & Singapore subsidiaries: 
1. Starting off with AIF - Under, Nippon India AIF, we offer Category II 
and Category III AIFs and have raised cumulative commitments of 
INR 81.0 bn across various schemes, up by 25% YoY. 
2. In Q1 FY26, we raised ~INR 7 bn of commitment, being our highest 
quarterly fund raise ever. 
3. We have launched a Real Estate Scheme - Nippon India Yield 
Optimiser with ~INR 3 bn of commitments raised. 
4. Fundraising is currently underway for two of our Listed Equity AIFs, 
Performing Credit AIF, Residential RE fund and Direct VC Fund. 
5. Fund deployment across all the strategies was robust in Q1 FY26, with 
9 active investments in Performing Credit, and full deployment in our 
Venture Capital FoF, across 14 funds, with underlying exposure to 
395+ startup companies. 
6. Our future product pipeline includes: 1) Empowered India: long-only 
focused flexi cap strategy and 2) Nippon India Credit Opportunities 
AIF Scheme 2: second performing credit fund. 
7. On the Offshore front - We continue to witness equity inflows in the 
quarter from international geographies in Asia and Europe. Offshore 
AUM grew 10% YoY to INR 166 bn with our UCITS Equity Fund 
reaching an AUM of ~USD 543 Mn. 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
8. We continue to expand our footprint in the Japanese Institutional and 
Retail markets in conjunction with Nissay Asset Management 
Corporation, Japan. 
9. We also continue to expand our footprint in new geographies in the 
Asian, European and Latin America region. 
 
Moving to GIFT City: 
1. As stated previously, In Q1 FY26, we launched the ‘Nippon India ETF 
Nifty 50 BeES GIFT’ Fund, which primarily offers Japanese investors 
greater access to the Indian equity markets through the NISA scheme 
in Japan.  
2. This follows our first GIFT fund, the Nippon India Large Cap Fund 
GIFT, launched in January 2025 to provide global investors access to 
our flagship Large Cap Fund. 
3. Our future product pipeline includes: 1) Nippon India Digital 
Innovation Fund 2-B: our follow-on VC fund of fund for repeat 
Japanese investors and 2) Nippon India Sharp Equity Fund: A Long 
Short Equity Fund.  
 
Now on to our Financial Performance: 
1. For Q1 FY26, Revenue stood at INR 6.07 bn, up 20% YoY and 7% 
QoQ. 
2. Other Income stood at INR 1.46 bn, up 12% YoY and up 5.3x QoQ. 
3. Operating Expenses stood at INR 2.29 bn, up 16% YoY and 8% QoQ. 
4. Excluding the impact of ESOPs, Operating Expenses grew 15.8% 
YoY for Q1 - driven mainly by investments in talent, non-MF 
businesses and technology infrastructure. 
5. Operating Profit stood at INR 3.78 bn, up 23% YoY and 7% QoQ. 
6. Profit After Tax stood at INR 3.96 bn - up 19% YoY and up 33% QoQ.  
 
With this, I would like to conclude my remarks and open the floor for 
questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
Shreya Shivani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I 
have three questions. My first question is a data keeping question, can you help 
us with the yields for the different segments for the quarter? I can see that 
sequentially your yields have really stood up, there has not been any decline, 
so any commentary around that? 
 
 
Second is on the volume data for the systemic book. The systematic folio seems 
to have declined sequentially. Any reason, any explanation for that? 
 
 
And my last question is actually on the ESOP cost. You had guided that the 
ESOP cost for this year would be at about INR 48 crores, INR 49 crores. We 
were expecting the ESOP cost to be about, I mean, it should have been more 
than what you have reported in this quarter. There's a sharp decline between 
last quarter and this quarter. And the run rate is such that it looks like the 
remaining quarters would see a much higher ESOP cost coming through. So, 
if you can help us with that data as well. 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
Thank you, Shreya. I will take the yield and ESOP cost question, and then I 
will ask Saugata to take up the SIP book question. So, yields for the current 
quarter, the blended yield is 36 basis, the equity yield is 55 basis, debt yield is 
25 basis, liquid is 12 basis and ETF is 17 basis. On ESOP cost, the yearly cost 
expected is in the range of around INR 46 crores, which we mentioned earlier. 
The current quarter cost is around INR 4-odd crores, so INR 11 crores overall 
for the new segment is INR 4 crores. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay. So, sorry, sir, this quarter the ESOP cost is INR 11 crores plus INR 4 
crores, right, INR 15 crores or so? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
INR 11 crores total for the quarter, 7 plus 4. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay. INR 11 crores total. All right. And for the full year, it will be at about 
46 or whatever 47, 48, whatever you have mentioned. And for next year, sir, 
FY '27? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
Next year, it will be around INR 26 crores, INR 27 crores. 
 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Hi, Shreya. This is Saugata here. With regard to SIP, actually, SIP book for us 
this quarter on a MoM basis actually has gone up. What has happened in the 
industry in April, there was a onetime clean-up, which the industry as well as 
we had done on the number of SIPs which were inactive. So, hence, there was 
some impact on the numerator, which, of course, has settled down in June, and 
July. So, the numbers will now stabilize at an industry level as well as for us. 
 
 
What we need to see is the flow. That book is increasing on a month on basis. 
So, we did not have any impact of the inactive folios on our SIP book because 
they were as it is inactive, and they were not contributing to this SIP book at 
any point in time. And market share on SIP folios continue to grow, rather our 
discontinuation percentage is much better than the industry as we speak. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. Sir, just one follow-up on that systematic folios’ thing. So, is this a 
cleanup a regular activity? I mean, just for my understanding, I have seen it 
first time in the past so many years, but is this something which would happen 
on a regular basis going ahead? Or I mean, this was just a one-off? How you 
think about that? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
So, at an industry level, AMFI has taken a stance that they want to do it one 
time for all AMCs. This was a large clear up, which has happened over the 
period of 3 months. And across all the AMCs, everything was done. So, it's not 
only pertaining to a particular month or a particular AMC. And we feel that 
this is an activity which has been done. Probably even industry might take a 
view after six months, 12 months if the data again throws up some numbers, 
which needs attention. But as of now, it's a onetime cleanup. 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Alright. This is very useful. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Mangal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations on excellent set of numbers. 
The first question is in terms of, we have launched a quite a few passive funds 
in the last quarter. And even this quarter we had launched an MNC fund. So, 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
just wanted to know how is the inflows in that? And if you could give a color 
on the passive fund, how much we were able to get into those things? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
So, thanks, Mohit. Saugata this side. So, passive as a strategy, if you have been 
following our calls, every quarter we keep mentioning that we will keep 
seeding unique ideas in the market. And hence, some of the funds which we 
had launched in the last three to six months, have been unique, and we keep 
seeing a lot of interest as the fund is launched and it is open for subscription. 
We keep seeing flows coming into it. We do not target any volumes in this 
fund so they predominantly will not show any size coming up. But over the 
period of time, it builds up as investors start flowing into these passive ideas. 
 
 
When it comes to the NFO, the MNC Fund, which is more July specific, of 
course, it's something which has just got closed. Our idea, again, aligning to 
our thought process in the past, if something is very unique, something is very 
distinct, as a strategy we will launch. And hence, this fund was aligned to our 
thought process, we came to the market after some time with a new fund in the 
active space. And we have got reasonably good response in this fund. 
 
Mohit Mangal: 
All right. In terms of the distributor commission rationalization, I think we 
have done for most of the equity schemes. And there have been around 2 bps 
decline in yields, if I look as compared to YoY. So, just wanted to know in 
terms of yield decline, should we expect 2 bps to 3 bps going forward, for say, 
for the next two to three years as well? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
So, actually, yes, the yield decline is mainly due to the telescopic pricing where 
the higher the size, lower is the yield impact will be. And so we have 
communicated earlier also that on a blended, we should see around 2-3 basis 
YoY drops in the yields. 
 
Mohit Mangal: 
Okay. Understood. And lastly, in terms of you said in your opening remarks 
that we had a double-digit market share, which was the highest in eight 
quarters. So, I just wanted to know, I mean, if you can just throw a color as to 
how much we have gained that it was the highest in eight quarters? 
 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
Sundeep Sikka: 
We do not disclose the numbers, but the overall growth is in the double digit 
on the net flows. 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
For us, the equity net sales has always been on the higher side. Last quarter 
was high single digits, which this quarter moved into double digits. 
 
Mohit Mangal: 
Alright. Thanks and wish you all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, the question was on the yield 
side as well. So, like on the ETF side you mentioned that yields have stood at 
around 17 basis points. Now in last quarter, it was around 15 basis points. So, 
like any particular reason why we have seen an increase in the yield on the ETF 
side? 
 
 
And secondly, on the equity book as well. So, now this 2 basis points of 
compression. So, like this is probably like as we are mentioning that the yield 
decline is roughly going to be around 2 to 3 basis points on an annual basis. 
But over the last 15 to 18 months, the yield compression has been slightly 
higher. So, is it mainly because of the higher payout ratios to the distributors? 
These are the two questions. 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
So, Lalit, thanks for the question. So, on the yields, on the ETF side, our yields 
have gone up due to the composition of the various funds in the ETF segments 
and which has resulted in an improvement in yields where the higher expense 
scheme has sizably grown. So, that has helped us to improve the overall yield 
on the ETF side. 
 
 
On the overall yield, yes, we always mentioned that there can be some drop in 
the yield on the consolidated basis, 2 to 3 basis. Last couple of years, we have 
seen a slightly higher drop mainly due to our size going up significantly in the 
last two years, which has impacted the overall yields. Obviously, the new flows 
come at slightly higher cost compared to the stock, and that is also impacting. 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
But that is not the only reason. The size is the main reason due to telescopic 
pricing, it will impact the overall yield on the AUM. 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes. Sure, sir. And sir, just lastly on the new asset class, this SIF category. So, 
I just wanted to understand this sharp in the new fund, which is in the pipeline, 
with the long/short equities. This will fall under this SIF category, right? Or 
this is the AIF piece? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
So, that is an AIF strategy. The ones which we spoke in the opening remark, 
which is the Nippon India Sharp Equity Fund, the long/short equity fund that 
will be on the AIF side. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
But under SIF also, we will be launching a couple of funds. We are still 
awaiting the launch of these. We have built up a great team. So, you will see 
for us, SIF will be a very important category going forward. 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Thanks sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi. Good evening. A couple of questions from my side. Number one, so how 
has your inflow market share shaped up in this quarter? And two, there is this 
new discussion paper for AMCs which basically talks about if your scheme 
size crosses INR 50,000 crores, you can launch a new scheme and the new 
inflows would not be allowed in the old scheme. And the new scheme can 
charge a TER which is up to the old scheme’s TER. That's sort of my 
understanding when I read that paper. If you could help explain what is the 
logic behind this? And it would seem that this would be marginally positive 
for the AMCs, is that the right way to sort of think about it? Some background 
thought process will be helpful on this topic. 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Madhukar, this is Saugata this side. So, with regard to the flows, compared to 
the previous quarter, this quarter flows have been definitely better. The flows 
are in the double digits, lower side of the double digit. And hence, we continue 
to get growth in our equity market share because our net sales market share is 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
better than our overall equity AUM market share, which definitely helps us to 
grow our overall equity AUM. And SIP flows and the lump sum flows are 
adding to this growth. 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Madhukar, Sundeep this side. Touching on the SEBI proposal, there are 
different views, when we talk across the industry also especially launching of 
additional schemes in the same category when the AUM cost of INR 50,000 
crores. One of the view is that with the increase in size, it becomes more 
difficult to manage with the portfolio. Our view is a little different. We are of 
the view that it's not about this size, it's more to be able to continue 
strengthening your research and the risk management capability to remain 
relevant for investors. So, we actually do not have either very positive or either 
negative. But while we will wait for the proposal to get through because it's 
still a consultation paper, but we do not see any negative in it. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Sir. And would this be sort of marginally better because given that you can 
launch a new scheme, with a TER which is equivalent to the earlier scheme, I 
would tend to understand it is that you would get a slightly additional yield. Is 
my understanding correct on this? Or am I missing something out of here? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
No, I think we would have to wait and watch for the final guidelines. But again, 
as I have always mentioned in the past, asset management business is a volume 
game. So, whether it's a 1 basis point getting extra yield or reduction in yield 
that is some short-term positive or negative. But the idea here is going to be 
that how can we scale up 2x, 3x, 5x from here, and that is where the actual 
growth of the AMC is going to come from. But we will wait and watch. But 
like I said, there is nothing negative in it, there might be a little positive, if it 
was to come in the formal manner as it has been proposed. 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood, sir. Thank you and all the best, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Muskan Chopra from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hello. This is Prayesh Jain. Just a couple of questions. Sir, firstly, is there any 
change in behavior in customers, particularly in the last six months wherein we 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
have seen that the markets have been volatile? And do you think that the 
preference for stronger brands versus purely looking at the returns and even 
amongst distributors, looking for brands over commission payout, is there any 
change in the way the distributors and the customers are behaving or it's still 
based on return on— 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So, broadly, it's not anything has changed in the last six months, but there is 
continuously to see industry has been evolving over the last four, five years. 
What we have seen is, investors are maturing a lot. First, we have seen 
whenever there's a market volatility, they do not react or over-react the way we 
used to do earlier. If we first to go five years back, while fund performance 
remains paramount, but that is not the only thing. The brand and the comfort 
that you get from the brands, that also plays a very big role. That's why you 
have seen some of the bigger brands getting bigger.  
 
 
So, overall, it's a package of performance. It's a package of brand and also the 
service experience that you are able to give. But one thing is very clear, it is 
not only dependent on brokerages. It is not only dependent on performance. It's 
a package that the investors are looking at, and that is which is differentiating 
between successful AMCs and not so successful AMCs. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. And sir, with respect to your flow, could you give any color whether 
the flows are very widely distributed between the schemes or it's still kind of 
lopsided between the small cap, large cap, and mid cap? 
 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Saugata this side. So, the flows from our perspective, the best part is, we have 
been able to get flows across our funds, which if you see the various market 
cap offerings which are there, across all market cap offerings we have flows. 
And that's primarily because we have a very strong SIP book, which cuts across 
most of these categories. And over a period of time, we have also seen that the 
more we are able to communicate with the distributors and the investors on the 
various categories which we offer to them, we are able to get reasonable flows 
in those categories. So, for us, it's quite widespread. We have derisked our 
business flows over the last two years. And hence, the net sales growth is also 
very strong. 
 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
Sundeep Sikka: 
And also, what helps us is a very granular SIP, 75% of our SIPs by value are 
less than INR 10,000. So, that also adds to the stability and long-term 
profitability. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Right. Sir, just another question on SIF. Sir, we could have got parallels 
between the existing team and SIF team or whether you have invested in a 
completely new team. Could you have used the existing team or you need to 
build up? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Your voice broke in between. But if I have got your question, could the existing 
team have been used for SIF? We are proud of our team, and what the kind of 
wealth they are creating for the investors. SIF is a different business vertical, 
and we want to take it very seriously. We do not want to be just one other 
product. We see that as a new business line for us. And that's the reason from 
our point of view, while the option what you said was always there, but we 
thought of getting some of the best professionals for this. And we leverage 
wherever we can, wherever the regulations allow us to leverage internal 
research. But the idea is, we see this vertical as a very, very critical separate 
line of business for us going forward. So, we are investing in it very differently. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got it. And last question. I think from an investment book standpoint, there is 
a movement from equity-related assets and other assets to debt. Is there a 
change in approach towards the investment book in terms of how we are 
managing it? 
 
Parag Joglekar: 
So, Prayesh, we have just rationalized some of our exposure on the equity side 
basis versus seed capital, which we have been investing. That is the only 
change which we have done. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Because even on your mutual fund schemes, while sequentially from 
about INR 510 crores to INR 480 crores on the equity side, AIF, you mentioned 
that there is some seed fund realignment. So, just checking there whether some 
approach in terms of thinking about equities being at the top or some approach 
there? 
 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
Sundeep Sikka: 
No, I think I will just give you a directional approach, rather than QoQ. 
Whatever is required for seed capital, we will always have that. But broadly, 
what we want to do is, from the proprietary book of the company we do not 
want it to be volatile with the market conditions. So, it will be basically more 
on the fixed income side rather than equity. 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got it. That’s very helpful. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ms. Meghna Luthra from 
InCred Equities. Please go ahead. 
 
Meghna Luthra: 
Hi. Thank you. Sundeep, I just had one question. How much scope do we have 
to cut down on distribution commissions? And what proportion, like how 
percentage of the schemes have already been cut? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
We do not have a target for that within that, that how much it has to be cut 
further and all. I think we will continue evaluating. It also depends on the 
market conditions, various things. But I think the only thing I would like to 
answer is I think it's a dynamic, and I think we will keep evaluating at different 
points of time. So, at this point of time three schemes which are 45% of our 
equity AUM, we have already cut there. So, again, I will repeat, we do not have 
any target. It all depends on the market conditions, industry, and various other 
factors. 
 
Meghna Luthra: 
Okay. Is there anything lined in this quarter that you would be cutting or maybe 
not? 
 
Sundeep Sikka: 
If there is anything, in the next quarterly call we will share with you. 
 
Meghna Luthra: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the 
participants, I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
 

 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Call 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Data Classification: Internal Use Only
Parag Joglekar: 
So, thank you, all of you, for joining this Conference Call. And for any 
questions if you have, which you want any insights, you can touch base with 
Arash, our Head of IR, and we will be happy to answer. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
