 
 
 
 
 
RHI MAGNESITA INDIA LTD. 
19th & 20th Floor, DLF Square, 
M-Block, Phase II, Jacaranda Marg, 
DLF City, Gurugram, Haryana 122002 
T +91 124 4299000 
E corporate.india@rhimagnesita.com 
www.rhimagnesitaindia.com 
Registered Office: Unit No.705, 7th Floor, Lodha Supremus, Kanjurmarg Village Road, Kanjurmarg (East), Mumbai-400042, T +91 22 49851200 
CIN: L28113MH2010PLC312871 
 
 
14 August 2025 
 
To,  
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001, India 
BSE Scrip Code: 534076                                                 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051, India 
NSE Symbol: RHIM 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call – first quarter ended 30 June 2025  
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015, and further to our earlier intimation dated 5 August 2025, the transcript of the 
conference call held on 11 August 2025, for discussing the earning performance of first ended                                          
30 June  2025, is annexed herewith.  
 
The same will also be uploaded on the Company’s website at the below link: 
 
https://www.rhimagnesitaindia.com/investors/investor-meet 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For RHI Magnesita India Limited 
 
 
 
Sanjay Kumar 
Company Secretary 
(ICSI Membership No. -A17021) 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
Sanjay 
Kumar
Digitally signed 
by Sanjay Kumar 
Date: 2025.08.14 
17:57:57 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“RHI Magnesita India Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
MR. PARMOD SAGAR 
CHAIRMAN, MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
-RHI MAGNESITA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. AZIM SYED 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR &CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– RHI MAGNESITA INDIA LIMITED 
 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the RHI Magnesita India Limited 
Conference Call Q1 FY '26. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
Before we get started, I would like to point out that some statements made or discussed 
on today's call may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with 
risks and uncertainties that we face. The company does not undertake to update these 
forward-looking statements publicly. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parmod Sagar, Chairman, Managing Director, and 
Chief Executive Officer from RHI Magnesita India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Parmod Sagar: 
Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for RHI Magnesita 
India's Q1 Financial Year '26 Earnings Call. We have had a very good start to the year, 
reinforcing the robustness of our operating model even in the face of market 
commoditization and volatility. Our resilience is transforming into tangible gains reflected 
in increased market share and stronger financial performance. While the refractory 
market remains competitive, we are confident in our business fundamentals, positioning 
and strategic levers to drive growth, improve productivity and maintain safe operations 
across all sites. 
 
Today, I'm pleased to present our first quarter results and forward-looking along with the 
dynamic industry landscape filled with opportunities. We operate at the heart of India's 
steel, cement, and various industrial sectors, which has continued to see robust growth 
supported by government infrastructure spending and a strong economy. The union 
budget raised the infrastructure outlay by INR 11.2 lakh crores. This is a promising 
indicator for the steel and cement industry.  
 
Refractories, the  heat-resistant materials that we produce are the unsung heroes, 
enabling this industrial growth.Around 65% of India's refractory demand comes from steel 
sector and together with cement, around 75% of refractory consumption. This 
underscores our critical role in India's industrial ambitions. The overall market 
environment remains challenging and highly commoditized. Global geopolitical 
uncertainties from supply chain have increased the refractory’s input costs, in particular, 
raw material costs. This has intensified margin pressure across all industry. 
 
Despite these headwinds, RHI Magnesita's fundamentals have proved remarkably 
resilient. We continue to focus on customer satisfaction, product performance, 
leveraging our scale and innovation capability to stay ahead of the curve and meet the 
needs of the customer. We have navigated these obstacles by focusing on our business 
fundamentals and strategic initiatives, which helped drive a 13% increase in shipments 
and 9% year-on-year growth in our revenue for this quarter. 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
Maintaining excellence amid the tough  pricing environment speaks to our commitment to 
expand across diverse end markets. On the operational front, several key initiatives 
progressed well in Q1.  
1. 
strategic projects in iron making. Our strategic investments in iron making, 
particularly for blast furnace, , DRI, hot metal ladles  in this quarter, are progressing 
on schedule and as  expected positioning us for future growth in these areas. 
2. 
successfully regained market share almost across all segments.  
 
3. 
And finally, as communicated in last quarter, we had productive discussions with our 
customers and secured key price increases, and we are expecting to see these 
benefits in the coming quarters.  
 
4. 
The other is cost optimization. We have launched focused program across all our 
plants to focus on cost efficiency through recipe optimization, use of circular 
economy, productivity, and energy cost efficiencies, and I'm happy to report that we 
are on track on execution of these programs. 
5. 
We are also working on automation and robotics in operation. We are making 
progress in the area of these initiatives. And with the introduction of 4 PRO business 
model, we have made steady progress in this area.  
Last year, we introduced our 4 PROmodel, which is a total solution to the customer an 
integrated solution approach building products, process, performance, and digital 
solutions. This quarter, we have moved from planning to execution and the early results 
are very encouraging. Our teams have achieved multiple operational milestones at 
customer sites, demonstrating how our solutions improve their processes.  
One particular highlight is the deployment of India's first complete robotics solution in a 
continuous casting plant, the first such installation in an Indian steel plantBy proving this 
capability in India, we are strengthening our reputation as the go-to partner for advanced 
refractory solution. As a result, we expect to expand our market share through more 4 PRO 
long-term contracts, where we manage entire process flows for customers. Our 
commitment to innovation, be it through robotic, digital monitoring or R&D in refractory 
formulations is transforming how we and our customers operate. 
 
We also enhanced our steel flow control capability through a small acquisition of Ashwath 
Technology by our subsidiary, Intermetal Engineers, effective from 1st August '2025.  
In summary, RHI Magnesita India Limited has demonstrated that we can, and we will 
continue to deliver in a tough environment by staying agile and sticking to our strategy. We 
are building momentum quarter-by- quarter. 
 
Our role in India's industrial landscape is evolving from simply a material supplier to a 
strategic solution partner for steel and cement producers, contributing to the nation's 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 4 of 18 
 
drive for manufacturing excellence. By enabling safer, more efficient steel and cement 
production, we are strengthening India's industrial backbone and supporting the 5 trillion 
economy vision with self-reliant supply chains. 
 
I'm confident that with the continued dedication of our team and the trust of our 
customers, we will convert the current challenges into opportunities for long-term growth. 
Thank you very much, and I will hand over to our CFO, Mr. Azim Syed, to walk through the 
financial performance in detail. Yes, Azim. 
Azim Syed: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Mr. Sagar Ji. I will now walk you through the 
financial performance of RHI Magnesita India for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, where 
we have delivered growth across key metrics while navigating market challenges. 
 
Let me begin with FY '25 performance, which was marked by intensified competition in the 
refractory market and rising input costs, especially in raw materials, but first quarter 
results of this year marked by growth and stable profitability that reinforces the 
effectiveness of our business fundamentals in complex operating dynamics. 
 
I'm pleased to report that our revenue from operations for Q1 FY '26 stood at INR 960 
crores, which represents circa 5% sequential growth quarter-on-quarter and about 9% 
growth year-on-year. Shipment volume grew to 129 kilotons by 4% QOQ and 13% YOY. 
This growth was primarily fueled by regained market share in almost all segments. 
 
Production for Q1 FY '26 stood at 85,000 tons, increase of 11% QoQ and 9%YoY. Capacity 
utilization improved to 66%, ensuring that additional market demand was met through 
planned inventory increases.  
Our operating EBITDA for the quarter was at INR 103 crores, a 10% increase over Q4 FY 
'25, a sequential improvement in EBITDA margins to 10.8%  from 10.2%  last quarter, 
highlights stronger operational performance and the initial gains from our pricing 
initiatives. 
 
Profit before tax for the quarter stood at INR 48 crores, reflecting a 27% increase over the 
previous quarter, supported by disciplined execution and tighter cost controls. Whilst our 
profitability has increased, our margins YoYdeclined by 51%. This is primarily due to high 
input costs, particularly in raw materials. The reason for this is due to the elevated high-
cost alumina prices moving from our inventory to P&L, and this will taper down in the 
upcoming quarters as the alumina prices have fallen down. On the employee and other 
expenses, we are able to manage this well with productivity programs that we have 
implemented across our plant network, which has already started to yield results. We 
expect to keep the same momentum.  

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter was INR 35 crores, reflecting a 3% decline compared to the 
previous quarter. As in the previous quarter, tax credit was recognized based on the ITR 
filed for FY '24 pertaining to certain acquisition-related provisions. 
 
We also remain disciplined in our operation and working capital management. By 
optimizing receivable and payable days to their lowest level, we generated robust cash 
flow and further strengthened our financial position. This reflects consistent improvement 
in our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio from 0.3x to 0.2x quarter-on-quarter. We generated INR 88 
crores in operating cash flows in Q1, increase of 36% QoQ and invested INR 28 crores in 
capital expenditure, all funded through our balance sheet. 
 
Our balance sheet remains strong with low net debt and with adequate liquidity, 
positioning us to pursue growth opportunities and focus on our strategic initiatives. 
Looking ahead, we are optimistic for the growth and profitability for the upcoming quarters 
driven by our robust order book, pricing initiatives, input cost optimization through our 
productivity initiatives and normalizing raw material costs, as mentioned by Parmodji. 
 
We'll continue to optimize working capital and maintain financial discipline. a sharp focus 
on operational excellence, innovation and differentiated offering, ensuring continued 
profitability. As mentioned by Parmodji, our business fundamentals remain strong, and 
we'll continue to focus on strategic initiatives aimed at long-term growth, that is gain 
market share and strategic advancement in iron- making segments, targeted investment 
in 4 PRO business model and further usage of secondary raw materials. 
 
In conclusion, our commitment to shareholders was that we will see an improved quarter-
on-quarter results that will underpin our business fundamentals and the strategic 
initiatives. This is what we have demonstrated in this quarter. Our financial position 
remains stable, continues to strengthen, place us in a strong position to capitalize on 
market tailwinds and progress of our internal transformation. We remain committed to 
delivering long-term value to our shareholders by focused execution. 
 
Thank you for all your continued trust and interest in RHI Magnesita India. We can now 
take questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Jai Chauhan from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Jai Chauhan: 
Yes,  so my question was pertaining to management has highlighted the margin is 
expected from both secured price increase and lower input costs. Could you provide 
some color on the balance between these two drivers, specifically how much of the 
anticipated margin improvement in Q2 and Q3 will come from sustainable price hikesAnd 
how has the competitive environment evolved to allow for these price increases now as I 
remember management mentioning that it was challenging just a few months ago? This is 
my question, sir. 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Parmod Sagar: 
Yes. So basically, the market is still very commoditized, and it is not easy to get price 
increases in commoditized market. We have some 4 PROsolutions as me and Azim was 
also talking about this full solution business where we add value to the customer in those 
areas, we are getting price increases where we are also adding value to the customer and 
the business is not that much commoditized? 
 
So if you talk about Q2 and Q3, I would not be able to give you the number, but I can say it 
will be upswing. It will not be hockey stick, but it will be upswing quarter-by-quarter. Our 
intention is this full year, if we could manage to the last year's EBITDA, that will be ultimate 
satisfaction to us. Hopefully, I'm clear to give you the answer. 
Jai Chauhan: 
Right, sir. Understood. So sir, can we assume that this lower cost RM, alumina prices that 
you might will be -- is sitting in the inventory will be consumed from Q2? And what kind of 
margins can we expect in the coming quarters? 
Parmod Sagar: 
That's what I'm saying. I cannot give you the margin percentage. I'm saying it will be upside. 
By September, this high-cost inventory should be consumed. And Q3 will see,Q2 will also, 
I assume from Q1, there will be some uptick on Q2 and Q3 will still be better. That's what 
I can say. 
Azim Syed: 
So we can talk to our full year guidance that, as Parmodji mentioned that our aim is to  
achieve the profitability percentage that we had last full year results. So this is what we 
are aiming for you can use that probably for modeling for sure, but we don't want to give a 
QoQ guidance at the moment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Congratulations for a really good set of numbers, keeping aside the margins, which will 
definitely recover. Now my question is regarding the 4 PROmodel. I mean, just wanted 
some more details about what new are we doing in this model? How different is it from the 
total refractory management contracts that we had earlier? And is this something which 
gives us more margins than the usual way of selling these products? 
Parmod Sagar: 
Okay. Sahilji thank you very much for your kind words and support. The thing is this 4 PRO 
earlier was TRM. So TRM was total refractory management. So it was more focused on 
maintaining inventory and running the steel plant or cement plant on a per ton of steel 
basis. But now we add a lot of other elements where we provide them robotic solution, 
scanning solution, checking their erosion patterns. We provide them slab detective 
systems, We provide them artificial intelligence, digitalization of their processes. There 
are many things, and apart from this, even we are providing or talking with them about their 
metallurgical problems and how refractory can contribute in that also. So this is a 
wholesome solution for any steel plant. So this differentiates us from our competition, and 
as far as margins are concerned, yes, automatically, if we will go in this model, the margin 
will be better in long term. 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
But as I'm saying this, don't expect that next quarter, it will happen. For this robotics 
solution for JSW, it took almost 2 years to really did feasibility study, has a tough 
competition with our competitor who is also very strong in flow control, you know to whom 
I'm talking about, and we had to showcase our capability to JSW management that we can 
do it, then we got this contract, which is a 5- year long contract, and now JSW is asking us 
to do feasibility study in another two plants and similar groups are also asking us to do 
feasibility study. 
 
But it will happen if we start now, probably after a year or so, we will have upswing of this 
type of solutions. It is not immediate solution. But long term, this will differentiate us from 
our competition. This will add value to customers, and they will believe us as a partner, 
not a supplier. 
Azim Syed: 
Sahil, you can look at our investor deck on Page #14, we have provided a link wherein you 
can click on to understand the 4 PRO model. What does it mean? A lot of details have been 
provided with customer testimonial not only for India, but across the world. As Parmod Ji 
said, it's the next evolution of TRM model, it's a new business model. That's the way you 
need to model it. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Sure, sure, sir. Sure, sir. This is helpful. And good to hear that we are doing something over 
and above how the industry works. Secondly, on exports, do we have sort of a new 
understanding as to how we want to ramp up exports? I mean, I believe we were working 
on some new ways of doing it. I mean, maybe through our entities or something else, but 
anything on -- any progress on the export front? 
Parmod Sagar: 
Yes, there is a progress, but still, I would say we are at advanced stage of trials for outside 
world apart from India. So it should happen in '2026. We have quite a reasonably good plan 
to increase our export in flow control in 2026. 
Parmod Sagar: 
So another 6 months or so. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sucrit Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. 
Sucrit Patil: 
I have a specific question for Mr. Azim Syed. Are you there online? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Patil can you please be a little louder? We can't hear you properly. 
Sucrit Patil: 
I have a specific question for Mr. Syed, so is Mr. Syed online? 
Azim Syed: 
Yes, yes, I am. 
Sucrit Patil: 
My name is Sucrit Patil, and I just want to understand your view, and my question is, as 
RHIM is trying to scale its India operations, how are you evolving your capital allocation 
framework to balance refractory capacity expansion, sustainability linked investments 
and potentially inorganic growth, especially in light of margin volatility across end 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 8 of 18 
 
markets? And do you think this will have some positive impact on the company in the next 
2 to 3 years? 
Azim Syed: 
Yes. So your voice was not clear, but let me see if I got your question correctly. You're 
asking about our capital allocation strategy in conjunction with inorganic growth and what 
would be the impact of it in the medium term on the profitability. Is this correct? 
Sucrit Patil: 
Correct. 100% correct. 
Azim Syed: 
Okay. Exactly. So let me explain how we think about our capital allocation strategy. So first 
thing, we will do capital allocation if we have a positive cash flow. That's the first 
requirement. If it is there, our first investment would be on the maintenance capex 
because we believe in safe operation. 
 
Second is to provide dividends for our shareholders. Third thing, we always link our capex 
investment within our plants where we can enhance, and after that is where we think 
about our mergers and acquisitions or joint ventures based upon our strategic fit, okay? 
So this is how our capital allocation strategy comes in, and after that comes buybacks and 
so on and so forth. So this is the order of priority for us. 
 
To kind of give you some color on this aspect, one thing is that we will invest if it is fitting in 
our strategic initiatives, which we think we did it in the last 2 years quite effectively. So we 
wanted market share in cement and in industrial. So that's kind of justified our 
acquisitions with Dalmia. 
 
And then we wanted to kind of have stronger presence in the flow control market, 
especially in the thin slab. So that's where we went for Hi-Tech, and we did the Ashwath 
Technologies current acquisition, completely funded by our balance sheet because this 
kind of fitted in our strategic investment in terms of how we can strengthen our flow control 
on the machinery side. So this was a good linkage for us. So that's the rationale for the 
past. 
 
For the upward looking, we believe that at the moment, our investments will be more 
towards capex in terms of plant modernization and productivity-related investments. So 
this is where we'll do much of our investment. That's where you see a little bit of a capex 
increase from last quarter to this quarter, almost by 90%. Again, we are trying to kind of 
improve our input cost improvement. That's where we are kind of focusing at the moment. 
 
So profitability, more than profitability, we always measure KPI called ROIC. This is what 
we try to check for investment capability. If our ROIC is passing certain threshold that we 
have internally, you can assume to be -- it depends on business segment to business 
segment., On an average, you can assume that if it's more than 10%, this is where we kind 
of put our money there because we believe not in a quarterly profitability game because 
of our broad and wide portfolio, we look into a long-term investment in terms of what's the 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 9 of 18 
 
payback period and how -- if the ROIC is meeting a very stringent internal criteria that we 
have. So that's how we kind of come to this decision-making of if it's a good investment or 
a bad investment. 
 
By the way, it's not only for acquisition, we do the ROIC decision-making. We also do for 
any kind of a capex initiatives that we deliver, even for maintenance capex as well. I hope 
that clarifies and answers your question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arijit Dutta from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Arijit Dutta: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. I have three questions, starting with the first 
one, which is on the volumes. Sir, this quarter have seen some bit of volumes growth, 
which is admirable. I just want to understand in the volumes, if we have any one-off kind 
of thing, which is related to commissioning of a blast furnace, which will not be kind of 
repetitive, which will come after a while again. 
Parmod Sagar: 
So first question, the answer is it will continue like that. So we have a very strong order 
book, and as in my last investor call, I said we expect 8% to 9% volume growth. So this is 
in line with that. 
Azim Syed: 
And onetime it was actually the Q4 numbers to answer your question more specifically. 
So in this Q1, we didn't have any. 
Arijit Dutta: 
Perfect. Good to hear that. Sir, second question is on the pricing part. Domestically, how 
you are seeing the competition level because there are a lot of overlapping capacity with 
everyone entering each others territory. Last quarter, you have given a  very, very 
categorically answered that the competition is increasing. How we are seeing on the 
overall market scenario now undercutting the prices and the intensity of competition, sir? 
Parmod Sagar: 
You are absolutely right. There's overlapping, undercutting pricing, everything is 
happening in market. Only solution is or you can differentiate yourself from the 
competition or you can provide additional service or support or quality, the competition is 
not able to provide. So we are -- as I said, as Azim was also talking about 4 Pro. So we are 
working on differentiation and also how much we can be more cost competitive, how good 
we are in our plant production cost management, how we can reduce our rejection levels, 
how we can increase our circular economy. 
 
So we want to be ahead of our competition by many initiatives which we are taking. But of 
course, 80% of the market is still commoditized, and we have to be step ahead if we want 
to maintain our growth -- volume growth with sustainable margin. 
Arijit Dutta: 
Perfect, sir. Sir, third question is on the OCL part of our operation. Sir, do you see that there 
is -- there were challenges in the cement industry per se or even we are planning to 
upgrade the infrastructure in OCL plant because I believe that's a very old machinery and 
in absence of a better word, it's a bit inefficient also. 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Parmod Sagar: 
I think it's a combination of both. We have increased our market share from 12%, 13% prior 
to acquisition of Dalmia to almost 42%-43%, but there's too much commoditization. 
Everybody enter into this and there's a price cutting,etc. etc.. So then we start working on 
our product optimization how we can be more competitive. We have market share. Now 
we have to improve margins. 
 
So we are working on that. At the same time, as you said, the infrastructure in Dalmia 
plants are too old, and as Azim said that we are putting up almost double the capex, what 
we were doing in these plants to modernize these plants so that we have more efficient 
operations and reduce our in-house rejections, improve quality, etc, apart from product 
optimization. 
Arijit Dutta: 
Perfect. Nice to hear that. Sir, last question is on export part. In the export market, what 
we understand that there are a lot of Chinese competition and the lucrativeness of that 
market is slowly going away, like we see in domestic and export also, the situation is same 
because of the Chinese presence. Any update on that, how you are looking at it? 
Parmod Sagar: 
I don't see China as a threat or challenge because our export is based on flow control 
products, and China is mostly into magnesia carbon bricks, etc. So I don't see them as a 
challenge for our export initiatives. 
Arijit Dutta: 
Understood, sir. 
Azim Syed: 
The key factor on export would be the demand must pick up in the export market. So as 
you can see that there's quite a bit of geopolitical challenges. So there's not a lot of 
production happening in the key export market in Asia, so I think this is also -- needs to 
pick up apart from our own capability as well. So that's where you will see quite a bit of an 
upswing. But yes, I think we are ready, as Parmodji mentioned, that our trials are going on 
pretty well and in advanced stages. But yes, this also is a key factor as well. 
Arijit Dutta: 
Sir, this -- right. On the magnesita part, do you see there has been Chinese import that is 
happening because China has been pushing on the magnesita off late a lot? 
Parmod Sagar: 
It is magnesia, you are trying... 
Arijit Dutta: 
Magnesia. Yes. Yes, sir. Magnesia based refractories. 
Parmod Sagar: 
Yes, absolutely, almost 50% of the commodity business if we talk about the ladle business 
or so, the Chinese traders are coming because China is having overcapacity, and their 
aspiration is very small. So they undercut the pricing. They are traders, if they get some 
2%, 3% margin or so, even then they are happy to get orders,  
 
And at the same time, many Indian players have jumped into magnesia carbon brick ladle 
business. So almost, I think, 8 or 9 small players, which probably you never heard the 
name of, are now producing magnesia carbon brick. So there is overcapacity, particular 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 11 of 18 
 
for this commodity business. So we are working on our way how we can be more 
competitive in this segment and keep our market share not intact, but improve. Now we 
are very confident we will be able to maintain this growth, what I'm talking about 8%,-9% 
volume growth. 
Arijit Dutta: 
Right, sir. The last one is on Hi-Tech specifically. What I believe that our hopes on Hi-Tech 
products were very high. In absence of better word, the result is disappointing what we are 
seeing in Hi-Tech. Do you feel the same that it has not delivered as per our original 
estimate and it is still struggling, the scope that we envisage for Hi-Tech has not actually 
materialized? 
Parmod Sagar: 
I would say we are not disappointed. It is a bit slow. I can tell you one thing, one of the 
plants, I just got this information today morning. In thin slab caster, we delivered 26 hour 
casting time, which is equivalent to the best in the market, who is in thin slab caster, so 
from Jamshedpur plant. 
 
So it means now the results are coming. So it is an initial stage. If we are able to sustain or 
give consistent product at this level, probably next year, we will be equal for competing in 
the tender, So it will be replica in our plants as well. The confidence of other plants will 
also go up to go for a trial or for a commercial trial because in India, we were not having 
the reference. Now we are creating reference with the very good results. 
 
Secondly, when we have this Hi-Tech in mind, we are thinking a lot of export from this 
plant, which due to geopolitical situation could not happen. And as I said, in 2026, there 
will be quite a big upside because the market was not responsive. It was a bit slow. 
European market is almost 40% down.Only West Asia, East Asia, and African countries 
where we are targeting, we're getting a very good response of our trials. And hopefully, next 
year, we will be able to fill up Jamshedpur plant when it comes to isostatic. We have 
already ramped up slide gate production capability in Jamshedpur plant. 
 
We have created this -- creating this excellence of iron making in Jamshedpur plant. We 
will be putting up all our machinery division in Jamshedpur plant. So all in all, we have an 
infrastructure, we have a capability to turn around this plant to the desired level in coming 
days or months. 
Arijit Dutta: 
Since the technology in this plant is pretty old, that time it was one of the best, but after -- 
this plant has been underinvested. We are planning for a major overhaul in terms of 
technology also here? 
Parmod Sagar: 
I would not agree to that, the technology is still very relevant, but at the same time, our 
R&D is also working on upgrading the already established quality and technology, so it is 
not, even in the Bhiwadi plants, we keep on doing upgrading innovation, R&D activities 
happening across all our plants in the globe. And Hi-Tech also, we are doing that, but still 
Hi-Tech has a very stable, established quality and technology. 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I had a few questions. The first one, sir, is on the employee cost. We've seen a 9% decline 
in the employee cost. Now we saw a large jump in the employee cost in the last 2 years 
due to the acquisition and some one-offs as well. So are we to assume that the employee 
costs will be stable this year or come down a little bit from last year's levels? That was the 
first question. 
Azim Syed: 
So it will be hover somewhere about 10% employee benefit cost is what you can model, 
Rajeshji. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
better than last year. 
Azim Syed: 
No. So last year, we did 11.5%, right, last quarter. This quarter, we did 9%. So I'm talking 
about that number. So it will hover around 10 %for full year. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay. That's great to hear, and secondly, sir, we also talked about the fact that the revenue 
growth will be along these lines, and also, we've got a little bit of a price hike in the alumina 
refractories as well. So if you take that and the 14% kind of margin that you've guided for 
the full year, it would mean that the EBITDA for the year would be somewhere close to FY 
'24 levels or even slightly better, not FY '25. Earlier in the call, you mentioned you plan to 
achieve FY '25 levels. But if you do the math, on a 9% growth and 14% margin, it comes to 
somewhere around FY '24 level. So are we missing something here? 
Parmod Sagar: 
Yes. We have already missed first quarter, and it was 10.8%. So we already missed it. So 
now if we have exponential growth, price increases, everything, you average out 
everything, and if we will match the 13.7%, I think it will be a great satisfaction, at least for 
me. 
Azim Syed: 
And also, right, I mean, the alumina prices are. 
Parmod Sagar: 
And we should be happy, Rajeshji with this. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
No, no. Yes, Azimji please continue. 
Azim Syed: 
No, I was basically saying that another factor is that alumina cost raw material in our P&L, 
it will flow through until September also, right? So it will be a steady state growth, even we 
get price increase and other thing and you suddenly go into quite a bit of comfortable 
margin. So yes, for full year, that's the reason for our guidance. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay. And sir, my last question is that are we doing anything on the industrial refractory 
side because you've talked about steel, we talked about cement. And we haven't seen 
anything on the industrial side. Is there any initiative there? Are we going to see something 
happening on that side? 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Parmod Sagar: 
Actually, we are desperately looking at projects. Unfortunately, for non-ferrous or glass, 
all the projects are shifted to '2026-2027. So unfortunately, there is no project in the 
pipeline for this FY, so unfortunately, we can't do much. But at the same time, with the 
Resco in our portfolio now, this American company, which we acquired in the beginning 
of this year, they have many products, a very niche product, very high-end products, which 
they are selling to even Reliance industry. 
 
So they are very strong in petrochemical, and we are now leveraging it on and not only 
limited to Reliance, but we have many PSU refineries also petrochemical companies. So 
that is where we are working on, and it will yield results in the coming year or so. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay. This is going to be imported products or products locally made? 
Parmod Sagar: 
Initially, it will be imported, but we will try to localize it with a period of time. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay. And sir, last question is, what is the kind of total capex you're planning per annum 
now with the Dalmia plant and everything, maintenance capex included? 
Azim Syed: 
We'll almost double the last year's capex full year to this year. 
Parmod Sagar: 
It is about INR150 crores, total. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Patanjali Srinivasan from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Patanjali Srinivasan: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. So this refractory management service business, how 
much would have been the share in this quarter for us? Has it gone down meaningfully? 
Parmod Sagar: 
If we talk -- it is primarily limited to steel industry. So we have roughly 32%-33% market 
share in this niche business. 
Patanjali Srinivasan: 
No, sir. In our share of top line, how much is it? 
Azim Syed: 
You are talking about the revenue percentage? 
Patanjali Srinivasan: 
Correct, correct. 
Azim Syed: 
So this time, our steel was about close to about 81%. 
Parmod Sagar: 
So out of this 81%, you have to take out 32%. 
Azim Syed: 
Exactly. 
Parmod Sagar: 
Right, it's full 32%. 
Patanjali Srinivasan: 
32% is the -- okay. So it has declined pretty meaningfully from our Q3. So -- and between 
like volume growth, where is the volume growth higher? 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Parmod Sagar: 
We did not get you. From where you get this, we have not reduced, it has gone up by 1% or 
so. 
Azim Syed: 
Exactly. 
Patanjali Srinivasan: 
No, I think from Q3, I'm talking about, but okay Yes. And I wanted to know like volume 
growth between sectors? 
Parmod Sagar: 
He is talking about TRM. Q4 was 35% and first quarter is 32%. That's what you are talking 
about? 
Patanjali Srinivasan: 
Yes, yes, that's correct. 
Parmod Sagar: 
Okay. Okay. So actually, this is why because in last quarter or so, we were not able to get 
price increases. So prices were under stress, and we got now price increases, and it will 
be on the same level. In fact, we are in a very final stage of having two more 4 PROo 
contracts in the pipeline. 
Patanjali Srinivasan: 
Understood, sir. Okay. And in terms of volume growth, we've reported 13% volume growth. 
So which segment has grown faster here? Like is it like more of a commoditized business, 
which has grown faster, which is why there's a drag on the margins? And that's -- is that 
also the reason why the gross margins have also fallen? 
Parmod Sagar: 
Yes, you can say it is a combination, but yes, mostly it is a commodity business, cement 
bricks or magnesia carbon bricks, etcetera, and also iron making. 
Patanjali Srinivasan: 
What is the margins there, sir, in iron making right now? And what is our aspiration long 
term? 
Parmod Sagar: 
Margin is about 18% to 20% , standard margin, and it is under stress, I would say. We have 
just entered 2 years back and the leaders, 3 big leaders are there. So we aspire to still grow 
in this market, and we will not be looking at margin as of now for another year or so, but 
we want to take this from last 2 years when we started, we were having 2% market share, 
and now we have 13% market share, and aspiration is 25% to 30% in next 2-3 years' time. 
So it will not be very lucrative business so to say, but we have to first establish ourselves 
and then margin will automatically come. 
Azim Syed: 
Exactly. When we say we will not look at margin percentage doesn't mean that we'll go for 
any price. I just want to clarify that. We are very focused and disciplined on the right 
customer -- selecting the right customer strategy and what is the long-term partnerships 
that we can have where we can add value to the customer. So that's what we will target. 
As you can see, even with the market share penetration strategy we have, we have not bad 
margins comparing to our commodity business. 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Patanjali Srinivasan: 
Understood, sir. So what would our contribution of this segment to our top line be 
currently? 
Azim Syed: 
Iron making somewhere around 10%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustav from BAMPSL. 
Kaustav: 
I had a question on your capital efficiency, because of your intangible assets, right, your 
capital employed, if I include the intangible assets has swelled up, and so your net worth 
is also around INR 4,000 crores. So even if you more than double your PAT, right, it's 2-3 
years down the line, even if you do INR 350 crores of PAT, you're still at single-digit ROE 
and very low double-digit ROCEs. So what's your view on this? And how do you plan to 
readjust your capital structure to get better capital efficiency? 
Azim Syed: 
It's a very good question, first of all. Thanks for asking this question because this is what 
we talk about it in our monthly reviews and everything. So we -- you need to think of this in 
four different initiatives, how we are going to improve the ROIC or ROCE for our 
shareholders. So number one is our market share. So what we are planning to do here 
basically is that the first pillar, let's talk some specific numbers here in the area of iron 
making. 
 
As Parmodji said, we grew from 2% to 15%. The next tangible thing for us to do -- I'm talking 
3-year time frame, please keep that in mind, will  go to 30%. So this is an underrepresented 
market. With the acquisition, we have these capabilities, and we are very confident with 
the proven track record that we can take it to 30%. So that's the first thing. 
 
The second thing is to import some of our product transfer from our group acquired 
entities, primarily being Resco. Second, also with the PDrefractories. So these are two very 
high-margin products, which we will domesticate to meet our Indian market needs, and 
we believe that this will add quite a bit of improvement in our profitability. 
 
The third thing basically also is that in some of the product transfer, especially in the 
cement segment, where we have this high-margin technologies that we will also improve 
-- introduce, especially on the MGG side or magnesia side, which we believe that, that will 
also quite a bit increase our profitability. So this is what we want to do to outgrow the 
market. 
 
The second lever is -- and this is the most important one is our new business model 
introduction. This is your 4 PRO. The advantage of 4 PRO basically is that is to kind of -- we 
want to expand our robotics offering. What it ensures is two things. One, it is our fixed cost 
improvement because we have long-term contracts and commitments, and this basically 
will yield us customer stickability and also will ensure that we have steady-state gains, 
and most importantly, the biggest -- one of the biggest weakness in refractory business is 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 16 of 18 
 
the volatility due to commoditization of this product. We aim to eliminate this with the 4 
PRO model. 
 
So we believe that with this introduction of business model, it will help us to achieve 
consistent profitability, not a sign wave that we normally see in our profitability. The third 
and the most important lever, what we are doing is that to improve our competitiveness. 
 
So here, what we are trying to do is that we are -- one of the biggest lever that we utilize 
through our R&D center is -- yes, so one of the things that we do is that through our recipe 
harmonization and through R&D improvement in terms of adapting our product portfolio. 
 
For example, in case of product -- in case of segments like cement, which has low 
margins, we are in the process of revamping our product offering to our customer, which 
meets the needs of today's customers' production. And second, basically is that how we 
can optimize our recipes to meet this to us -- for us to be competitive in case of the most 
commoditized segments, which we can't attract to 4 PRO. 
 
The third thing basically, already I mentioned the localizing much of our production. This 
will improve our capacity utilization. We used to  about 55%. Last quarter, we did 66%. We 
believe that this will -- localizing the acquired entity product portfolio will help us to 
achieve our production efficiencies and drive even more further more profitability. 
 
Now let's talk about the balance sheet item, which is focused mostly on the working 
capital item. Parmodji has given a very stringent target that consistently, we should be 
able to reach  25%   as working capital intensity. We see a lot of opportunities in our 
overdues. 
 
We also are launching one of our corporate programs called Everest. Everest is 
introduction of a supply chain planning tools, which is aiming towards improving our 
customer service without compromising or without trading off with our cost or on our 
investment in our inventory. So this, we believe that it will help us to improve our balance 
sheet further. 
 
On top of it, we also believe that the pricing initiatives and the new contract mechanism 
we have, which will kind of give us even quite a bit of upside in our profitability. And on the 
capex side, we will be absolutely disciplined. This is our highest year of capex investment, 
which we are using to modernize our Dalmia plant. 
 
Next year, we'll go back to FY '24 run rates. So this will also give us quite a bit of a breathing 
space on the working -- on the capex side as well. With this, if we have modeled it, these 
are the initiatives that we are completely banking upon, and we are seeing some progress 
quarter-on-quarter. It's a long game, as you know, in the ROIC stuff, and we are very 
confident that we can easily enter into double digits based on our internal modeling. 
Hopefully answers that question. 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Kaustav: 
I mean that answers the question on the -- on you growing your profitability, but the point 
is that the beginning of my question was that even if you grow your profitability 150% from 
here, which -- so your question answers you -- how will you grow your profitability more 
than double from here, right? 
 
But more on the side of the capital employed, yes, you spoke about improving your working 
capital efficiency, but what about write-offs on goodwill on intangible assets to reduce 
your overall capital employed based on non-performance of the acquired asset? 
Azim Syed: 
So we did this already in the last financial year. If you recall, I'm not sure if you are aware 
of it. Last -- we took a write-off of EUR 35 million worth of it because we believe that the 
export business that were embedded in the business plan of the acquired entity, we were 
not able to fulfill and because of the currency as well, which the business was valued 
when we had done the acquisition. 
 
At the moment, based upon -- we did -- as you know, that one of the stat requirement is 
that we need to do this goodwill study on a yearly basis, and last year, we did a very 
comprehensive study on it. So one of the things I'm not sure if you're able to follow that our 
capacity utilization in the acquired plants also have increased quite significantly in the 
Dalmia plant. 
 
This is introduced because we started to have an optimized recipe for a magnesia carbon 
which have started to produce at Rajgangpur already, and we don't expect any kind of an 
impairment because of these kind of initiatives that we already said. So yes, I don't foresee 
it at the moment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa. 
Amit Agicha: 
Sir, my question was coming to the order book. Like can you just brief us about what is the 
current order book size in its segment on a geography aspect? 
Azim Syed: 
Your audio was not clear. The question, let me see if I got it correctly, you want to know if 
our order book is good and where it is good. Is that the question? 
Amit Agicha: 
Yes, sir. 
Azim Syed: 
So we have a very strong order book in iron making area and also in the steel area as well. 
Steelmaking, especially with our integrated steel plants on the TRM side. I think you guys 
are aware that because of the 12% safeguard tariff, there is quite a bit of a positive 
momentum on the steel customer side, which we're able to correlate, which we can see 
in our order book. 
 
Second, we have regained some of the market share that were from L2 to Level 1 supplier 
in the public sector unit plant. So here also, we see quite a bit of a very strong order book 
to be fulfilled. Now the question remains is the function of if they are able to produce as 

RHI Magnesita India Limited 
August 11, 2025 
Page 18 of 18 
 
they have committed and because we have this long-term TRM contract, which we supply 
based upon the exhaustion of our -- of their refractory materials, we see a strong order 
book, just to simplify it. Do you want to add something to it? 
Parmod Sagar: 
Nothing. 
Azim Syed: 
So yes. So I think that would be the final question, right, operator? 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Parmod Sagar for closing comments. 
Parmod Sagar: 
Thank you very much, shareholders and analysts for your continued support and very 
engaging discussion, questions. I hope me and Azim are able to satisfy you, give right 
guidance to you. But in fact, if you have any further questions, please reach out to Geeta, 
and she will be able to reply you back for any clarification. Thank you so much. Have a nice 
day. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of RHI Magnesita India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
