 
 
   
     August 05, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Department  
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001. 
 
Code: 526668 
ISIN: INE967C01018 
 
 
To, 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: KAMATHOTEL 
 
 
Sub.: Submission of Transcript of Q1-FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on August 01, 2025  
  
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), 
please find enclosed herewith a transcript of Q1-FY26 Earnings Conference call of Kamat Hotels (India) 
Limited with various Investors and Analysts held on Friday, August 01, 2025, at 04:00 P.M. (IST). 
 
We request you to take the above on record and treat the same as compliance under the applicable 
provisions of SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kamat Hotels (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Nikhil Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl a/a. 
 
NIKHIL 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
NIKHIL SINGH 
Date: 2025.08.05 
15:24:20 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
Kamat Hotels India Limited  
Q1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to Q1 FY '26 Conference Call of Kamat Hotels 
(India) Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only-mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ followed by ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
At this time, I would like to hand over the conference over to Ms. Nupur Jainkunia from 
Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you.   
Nupur Jainkunia: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Nupur 
Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Kamat Hotels (India) 
Limited. On behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank you all for 
participating in the company's earnings conference call for the 1st Quarter of Financial Year 
2026. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement: 
Some of the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs 
as well as assumptions made by and the information currently available to management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate 
and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. 
Let me now introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call 
and hand it over to them for their opening remarks. 
We have with us Mr. Vishal Vithal Kamat – Executive Director; Ms. Smita Nanda – Chief 
Financial Officer of the company; and Mr. Nikhil Singh – Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer. 

 
Page 2 of 14 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Vishal Vithal Kamat to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vishal Kamat: 
Thank you very much. Namaskar, everyone. Thank you for being on our call for the 1st Quarter 
of this year. 
While the overall financials are nice, they could have been much better because unfortunately 
it is our national duty to support our government and our nation and that's basically what has 
affected us in the first 15-20 days of the month of May and in some cases it has affected even 
more like in the case of Chandigarh and Himachal, Shimla, Manali. But that said, still the team 
has done very well. We have seen an improvement in our overall ARR and other aspects 
because many of the better properties also are now opening. 
We have good news that we will be opening the Orchid Rishikesh this month and along with 
that we are happy to inform that we signed another hotel so we will be basically having two 
hotels there but they are next to each other because of which the overall inventory will be 
100+. Right now, in fact, the owners are so happy that they may make even more rooms 
because we wanted that Rishikesh is a premium wedding destination. So, based on that, that 
will be opening. We have a lot of additional hotels opening also which are your Dwarka, we 
have an opening which is in the month of September along with Bhavnagar and then we have 
various others. We signed the Nashik Hotel which should open in the month of April, the Orchid 
Nashik, Panchgani Orchid Hotel, Panchgani we signed a day before which will be opening in the 
month of September. 
In fact, 15th September it will open. So, as we can see that the coming time is also very buoyant 
where currently we are operating around 19 hotels by this year ending. We will be going to 
approximately running, not signed up but running hotels around 25. 
So, that is basically it and the company is very buoyant and sure that we are aiming to open 30 
hotels by this year, which are qualitative, which are adding to value to Kamat Hotels, adding 
value to Orchid brand and IRA brand. So, we are very selective in what we've been taking as 
we have been, and that is why our numbers show that, our efforts show that. So, we will have 
30 good hotels operational this year apart from in addition to all the other hotels which are in 
pipeline. So, that's a very good thing that I can see over here. Apart from that, to take the 
financial figures, we have Smita Nanda-ji also who is there with me. So, Smita-ji, you can just 
touch upon the performance and the highlights, that would be very nice. 
Smita Nanda: 
Let me briefly touch upon quarterly performance highlights for the quarter ended 30th June 
2025. The consolidated revenue for Q1 FY '26 stood at INR 83 crores representing a growth of 
approximately 12% on year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the quarter was INR 18 crores, a growth 
of around 37% year-on-year basis, with an EBITDA margin 21.91%. Profit after tax stood at INR 
4 crores, showing a significant increase of 291% year-on-year basis.  

 
Page 3 of 14 
With this, I conclude my remarks and request the moderator to open the floor for question-
and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Aman Soni from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP. Please go ahead.  
Aman Soni: 
My question is regarding growth. You have reported a near growth of around 12% this quarter 
and our full year revenue target is around 10%, while other major companies, even if I take 
companies which are not so big size in the other industry are working as much higher rate. And 
I am not able to understand why Kamat Hotels cannot grow fast. Could you please elaborate 
on the reason for your relatively slower growth as compared to other players? 
Vishal Kamat: 
Sir, I am sorry, I was not able to fully get your question. But to answer you why we are not 
growing as fast as other chains, basically, sir, primarily is because whatever properties we take, 
we are very particular in the type of properties that we are taking in terms of our main model 
of growth, which is basically revenue share or lease and, in some cases, management, okay. 
We want basically not just numbers, but we want qualitative numbers, whichever of our hotels 
today, wherever we are operating, they are all operating in the top 5 or top 10 of their markets 
of the categories, whether it is Shimla, whether it is Manali, whether it is wherever we are 
doing. So, we want to basically expand in a qualitative manner and qualitative nature, okay. It 
is basically the major thing. The happy news is that from around right now, we are at around 
1,850 rooms, 1,825 rooms. From this, basically, we are this year going to grow to almost 2,500 
operational rooms. That is the kind of growth that we have within this year. And that is the 
growth at which basically where we are again growing asset-light while we are growing, we are 
also repaying our debt as promised, we are already a debt zero company in that regard. So, this 
was our promise to ourselves and our investors and shareholders that we will become debt 
zero. And we have achieved that before our deadline target. So, on those lines, whatever we 
have committed, we have been growing and we have been doing. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amish Kanani from Knowise Investment 
Management. 
Amish Kanani: 
Congrats on a relatively good set of numbers. Sir, just wanted to know whether our expansion 
plan, have we added a few more properties during the quarter and hence, relatively more 
number of operational rooms and hotels. Is that the impression that I am getting? So, if you 
can just update us on what are the change in plans, if at all? That's one. 
Second, sir, in terms of performance, there is a very good improvement in IRA and Lotus on a 
Y-o-Y basis. But there's some softness in Orchid and Fort Jadhav Gadh. So, if you can give us 
some trends of why this is happening. 

 
Page 4 of 14 
Third, sir, the last question from my side would be the observation is that we have mostly now 
the new properties with about 50 rooms or 70 rooms kind of property. So, is this the right size 
of properties that we can optimally manage with a decent margin? 
Vishal Kamat:    
 The last question was an excellent question. I will first address the IRA and Orchid, as you said 
rightly. See, what has happened is that in IRA brand, wherever we have our properties, there 
they are doing better and better. And the IRA base is smaller. So, when I say base is smaller 
means the number of rooms. So, the performance to show is much easier because also the 
largest IRA is IRA Mumbai, which is a 197-room hotel. So, that kind of lifts the rest, which are 
having relatively small 32 rooms, 33 rooms or 110 rooms. And by the way, in our IRA 
contribution is the IRA Bhubaneswar, various of the IRAs did a very good contribution in the 
overall lifting of the when we say brand-wise, the segment. 
Now that more Orchids have come and many of these Orchids are new because of which they 
take time to stabilize. So, because of which the overall Orchid average is as you would have 
rightly pointed out, low. But if we look at on a case-to-case basis on a stand-alone, be it Orchid 
Mumbai or Orchid Pune, then they are doing much better in that regard on their own. But this 
is a brand-wise, we have done a basket breakup, basically which is why your question is valid, 
that is the base. So, now see which Orchid, Panchgani coming in, Orchid, various other Orchids 
opening up, then what will happen like Rishikesh and Panchgani, both are coming at a similar 
time. So, what will happen is they will tend to bring the average down in the short run. But in 
the long run, they will contribute greatly because they are high ADR, good occupancy, good 
revenue, very good revenue markets. So, season will come for Rishikesh, where we are 
targeting around INR 15,000 to INR 20,000 ARR fluctuating between the seasons and others. 
So, again, that will help the ARR go up. So, your point is very valid on that front. 
On the second rather the last question, which you mentioned, particularly, that question is a 
very, very valid and very correct thing. We actually tend to want larger inventory because we 
have expertise in running 100-plus, there are very few hotel brands in the country which can 
claim operation skills of large hotels of 300 plus. We have 2. We have one which is Orchid 
Mumbai, which is 372 rooms and we have the Orchid Pune, which is 410 rooms, and both doing 
exceedingly well. So, very few operators are there who can play because it's a different kind of 
game altogether. When you are in the 0 to 70 rooms, it's a different style of operation. When 
you're in the 100-odd to 200, it is a different style of operation. And 200 plus or rather, I would 
say, around 250 plus, that's a totally different ball game altogether. So, that is why the market 
mix of your kind of halls you require, banqueting space you require, the infrastructure you 
require for a large hotel like what is our convention hotel in Pune Orchid, we are adding 2 more 
banquet halls over there of 7,000 and 5,000 square feet. We are adding public area spaces.  
The renovation, which is going on over there from internal accruals only we are doing. So, that 
kind of bulk once it comes in, the hotel will do even better. So, that's the right kind of mix which 
we have added.  We have increased the number of halls also, and we have made them larger 
also because that is what a 410-room hotel needs. So, this question of yours, can we 

 
Page 5 of 14 
successfully do it? Definitely, we can do it where the ADR supports, where the revenue 
supports. But if the revenue is low, that's why we don't take a lot of hotels to be very candid, 
out of 10 hotels that come, we probably select one, because many of them don't fit exactly 
what you said. If I'm not going to make money for my hard work, I don't want to do it. I don't 
want to have 5,000 rooms and have revenue worth 2,000. I'd rather have 2,000 rooms and 
have revenue worth 2,500. So, that's basically how we have been approaching it. 
That's why our previous caller also when he asked a very valid question that if others are 
growing in leaps and bounds, then why are you growing at a steady pace? That's because I want 
my growth to be robust. And I want that tomorrow if something happens, I will not be caught 
on the wrong foot again. And secondly, if you look at it, there are companies on paper who are 
double our size in terms of number of hotels or number of rooms. But in terms of operating 
performance, in terms of EBITDA, in terms of other things, we are far superior. Why? Because 
like I said, we would like to make sure that our guests get a qualitative experience and then our 
revenues and our EBITDA is matching that. So, it is not just about missing, but we would like to 
definitely go for larger hotels and as we get more larger hotels, they will definitely add a 
different dimension to our results and our operations. Thank you. 
Amish Kanani: 
Sure, sir and sir, one quick other follow-up on the EBITDA margin front, sir. This quarter, we 
have a good Y-o-Y growth. I was worried, given the pace of expansion in September, October, 
November, new properties, they may take time to stabilize and build the brand in that area. 
Should we worry about the overall annual EBITDA margin, which is more in the range of 29%, 
29.5% last 2 years? Should we worry that we may or may not be able to repeat that because of 
the new hotels? Or should we -- are we looking at EBITDA margins more in the range of last 
year, sir? 
Vishal Kamat: 
See, our brand, Orchid, IRA, Kamat is already an established name. So, it does not require much 
time to get  known in the market in that regard. What actually takes time is basically to build 
up the business in the books. So, once we open, like we opened in Sambhaji Nagar, we opened 
in an area where nobody thought, they thought what is Kamat doing and why have they taken 
IRA at that location. But today, that location has become one of the best because of the efforts 
of the team, the excellent food, excellent thing. So, brand issue is not there. What is, is that 
rightly put by you that it takes time to build up your books, taking weddings once you open, 
then people will come for a wedding, then people will come for a conference. So, your FIT, 
which comes through your OTAs, which is your MakeMyTrip or Agoda or through our Orchid 
Rewards loyalty program, which is also very popular. So, that all is basically the additional, so 
that all comes quickly. But the other larger events all takes time. So, like example, Rishikesh, 
yes, initially, we will have an EBITDA burn in Rishikesh on a stand-alone basis. But once the 
business starts pouring in, like we already have some queries of weddings, which we are closing 
in the coming December and November, then at that time, this will get wiped out or this will 
get covered. So, definitely, the margins will more or less remain the same because we have 

 
Page 6 of 14 
now a very good mix of old stable, new coming in and growing. So, definitely, the margins will 
be, if not stable, if not down, it won't be. But if not growth, at least it will be stable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shaurya Punyani from Arjav Partners. Please 
go ahead.  
Shaurya Punyani: 
Sir, what has been our occupancy and ARR this quarter? 
Vishal Kamat: 
It is there in our presentation, but let me just for your overall, then we have basically had ARR 
of around INR 6,300 for Orchid. We have around INR 5,400 for IRA. We have INR 5,500 for our 
Lotus. We have INR 8,000 for our Fort JadhavGADH. 
Shaurya Punyani: 
Okay. And on a blended basis, we have targeted around INR 7,500, right, for this year? 
Vishal Kamat: 
We have targeted definitely. So, now what happens is that first Q1, Q2, the ARRs would be a 
little lower and the occupancy will be more volumes. And in Q3, Q4, that's when the ARR and 
occupancy because the best quarter is the third quarter and the fourth quarter is the second-
best quarter and then you have the first 2 quarters. So, on a target of on a blended basis with 
our other premium products now coming, we hope to target the INR 7,500 mark.  
Shaurya Punyani: 
So, sir, with the new properties coming up this year, can we like expect a good, can we touch 
the INR 500 crores in FY '27 top line? 
Vishal Kamat: 
In this year? 
Shaurya Punyani: 
No, in FY '27, yes. 
Vishal Kamat: 
Yes, we should. If our pace continues at what we are doing and considering the kind of 
qualitative hotels we are adding, it is very much possible for us to hit INR 500 crores next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
Vishal, congrats for signing again 2, 3 properties. Can you give one example of, say, Rishikesh 
property where you have signed 54 and 44 rooms. How can an EBITDA or cash flow flow to you 
over the next 2 years or 3 years? Just a broad understanding would be useful. 
Vishal Kamat: 
Niraj ji, you want exactly what -- I didn't -- you want basically me to tell you what it will do as a 
revenue. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
No. So, because you have a revenue share, I just wanted to understand how much cash will 
come to Kamat Hotel for this hotel, maybe 2 years down the line when the entire 98 rooms are 
operational? Just a hypothetical number as an understanding would be useful. 

 
Page 7 of 14 
Vishal Kamat: 
So, exact number, I would not know right now, but I can tell you in terms of a percentage that 
let's assume that if this hotel does at 100% revenue, the thumb rule is 40% GOP. So, the 
company  35% to 45% GOP, okay. Actually, let's put it as a range that generally a hotel does 
35% to 45% GOP depending on the various things. So, the company, Kamat Hotels, whatever 
may be the revenue will get comfortably anywhere between 12% to 18% back apart from the 
rev share. Between 12% to 20% back apart from the rev share. Net what Kamat Hotel will get. 
It could get anywhere between 12% to 20%. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. Of the total revenues that the property will accrue, right? 
Vishal Kamat: 
`Of the total revenue. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. And what will be the approximate range of rate there, the ARR for that Rishikesh range? 
Vishal Kamat: 
So, we expect to -- we obviously started off with introductory prices starting from the range of 
INR 12,500 to INR 17,500 in the different seasons. But we're targeting that we should do an 
average of INR 15,000 is our expectation. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
That's very nice, I think it's a good ARR for you, a good upgrade actually. 
Vishal Kamat: 
Actually, honestly speaking, Niraj ji, honestly speaking, that is a very conservative I have given 
a target to my team is more because Rishikesh is a very booming market. It has great potential. 
And our property also Rishivan. Rishivan is right in the middle of the forest, just off the main 
road. So, it is a very refined location. And the new place tunnel is coming just a station. So, 
basically, the station, the train which will go from Rishikesh towards the Badrinath and all those 
places, that new tunnel is there. That should open in the next 2 years. So, that is very near only 
a kilometer odd from our hotel. So, that time, it should do even better because coming to our 
hotel will be even more easy that's I think a kilometer and 1.5 kilometer from the station called 
BRC. So, this will be a real game changer for the whole state and even for all the -- because you 
will have all kinds of yatras and dhams getting more accessible. So, this is a very conservative 
ARR we are looking from our team. I think we should achieve, if not exceed that definitely 
because that Rishikesh is that kind of beautiful place and beautiful market. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Right. So, would you also have a higher F&B in this property considering you are targeting the 
marriage functions? 
Vishal Kamat: 
Yes. During marriage functions and all, F&B, we expect a higher F&B because the demand from 
our wedding is much more as compared to a normal FIT. But there will be all kinds of plans, 
which we call AP plans in all-inclusive plans, MAP plans, which is breakfast and dinner or 
breakfast and lunch. So, we will have all kinds of plans options also even for our regular guests. 
So, that could be an interesting thing for us in terms of F&B mix also. 

 
Page 8 of 14 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. And just wanted a broad guidance from you on FY '26 and '27 on the revenue and EBITDA 
rate. 
Vishal Kamat: 
On the overall? 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Yes, yes. 
Vishal Kamat: 
Okay, so we should basically be definitely looking at INR 400 crores this year. That is definitely 
what we have considering Sindoor, considering other things, we definitely have INR 400 crores 
as our this thing and our margin should remain in the same range that we are in right now. 
We'll obviously try to beat them, but broadly, this is the same. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Same means 30% last year. 
Vishal Kamat: 
Yes, 29%, 30%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gurvinder Juneja from Fortuna PMS. Please go 
ahead.  
Gurvinder Juneja: 
Two questions. One is I wanted a quick sense from you. You have updated on the plans for 
Rishikesh and Dehradun. Also wanted a quick update from you on where the Hyderabad, 
Bhavnagar, Gwalior and Puri new properties. What's the time line looking like to you? And the 
second is a question to Smita ji about the interest entry on the P&L. Just wanted to understand 
the debt is now close to INR 100 crores. So, I wanted to get a sense of the interest cost that is 
showing up in Q1. 
Smita Nanda: 
So, interest cost is coming nearly 1.6... 
Vishal Kamat: 
Our debt is right now sitting at INR 95 crores, just for your knowledge. INR 98 crores. 
Smita Nanda: 
Interest cost is coming in at INR 2.86 crores. 
Gurvinder Juneja: 
INR 2.86 crores 
Vishal Kamat: 
And this is currently at 10%, which the company intends to bring this to 9% or below that in 
the coming time. 
Gurvinder Juneja: 
And your updates on some of the other properties that are on the table, the likely time lines to 
open? 
Vishal Kamat: 
Yes, that we have shared in our PPT, which is basically what we are shooting to that Bhavnagar 
and Dwarka will open by September. The Orchid Panchgani will open by September. The IRA 
by Orchid at Hi-Tech City, Hyderabad, that's a 60-room hotel that should open by -- actually, 

 
Page 9 of 14 
we can open it by August. I have been told that by maybe by 15th August, we can open it. But 
still rather we would like to make sure that certain things are done. But we might expect that 
we'll open by September, but we might open it by third week of August. We do not want to 
lose any case because Hyderabad is a booming market. Same way, the other also Rishikesh, 
like we mentioned, will be opening by August third week, August end. So, these are all what 
we have already in the pipeline. 
You want to know about also what we signed like Nashik and all, which I've also mentioned 
before that in April, we're looking at Dehradun, Orchid, Dehradun, we are targeting to open by 
December. Gwalior also, the Orchid Gwalior, we intend to open it by December. So, this year, 
we should be comfortably with 24 to 25 operational IRAs and Orchid in our kitty. But that is our 
current pipeline rather than our current this thing, but we are confident that we will touch the 
30-hotel mark by this year. If opportunities come even further than that, then we will take up. 
But as of now, 30 hotels is our by March, our target to open. Size may be more, which may -- 
like example, I am not counting in this Rishikesh, the Orchid Rishikesh, the second unit, which 
is right now 44 rooms, but may go up to 60. So, I am not counting those hotels. I'm counting 
only what will open for this financial year so that next financial year, we will get its full value. 
And as asked by our previous participant, we can hit 500, if not exceed 500. So, that is our 
endeavor. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Janani, individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Anurag Janani: 
 Congratulation on a good set of numbers and the recovery has been good. I just wanted to ask 
one question with respect to the revenue guidance. I know a lot of earlier participants already 
asked this question. I know what could be the response. But just to that particular discussion. 
So, currently, we are having close to -- currently, we are close to about 19 properties and 
approximately 1,800 a piece, right. So, in FY '25, '26, we plan to add 7 or 8 hotels, which will 
add further 600 to 650 rooms to our existing set of room in there. So, what I fail to understand 
is that in FY '25, the company did a revenue of INR 373 crores, and we are guiding for a revenue 
of INR 400 crores in FY '25, '26. So, that's approximately a growth of about 10%. So, what I'm 
trying to understand is that when our inventory levels are going up by approximately 35%, so 
why is it that we are guiding a revenue increase of only 10%? Is it -- are we guiding this revenue 
estimate on a conservative basis? Or are we planning to do a much larger -- are we going to do 
a much larger revenue than what the management has guided because the room inventory is 
expanding. We are having plans to expand our ARR from INR 6,500 to INR 7,200, right? So, 
there is going to be a 10% increase in the ARR that the company will be able to realize. Then I 
am sure with the way the economy is growing, there would be a lot of traveling that there 
would be this travel and hospitality sector is growing. So, the occupancy levels, I am sure the 
company would aspire to increase their current occupancy levels from 65% to maybe 70% or 
maybe 68%. So, considering all these factors, I find the revenue estimate to be a little on the 
conservative side. So, what do you have to say about that? 

 
Page 10 of 14 
Vishal Kamat: 
Thank you, sir. I totally agree with you that revenue is on the conservative side for multiple 
reasons. The first reason is that had Operation Sindoor not happened and the month of May 
not so good, it would have definitely been a revised estimate, one. Secondly, the number of 
rooms which are being added, if you notice, all are being added around September, which 
means that we are only getting the half year benefit. And in that also not a full -- if I suppose 
hypothetically I was to open in April, I can take a wedding before the month of November, 
December. But if I open in September, the chances of me getting a wedding in November, 
December are limited. I will get FIT business, but I will not necessarily get the kind of wedding 
business and other things which I was targeting, which I would get if I was opened earlier. That 
is why next year, based on our current year's performance, 500 may become much more, sir. 
It could be missing it today. So, I would rather give my listeners a fair this thing and keep 
revising it based on what happened. Now nobody knew this nonsense would happen of this 
tragedy, which this idiots -- I mean, very upsetting. But nobody knew that this would happen 
and out of the blue, it came. And at that time, it is our duty to support the government and not 
crib and cry like how some people have done. We have to accept it because our cause was 
bigger than the situation. So, I am totally -- but had that not been the case, definitely, sir, then 
our conservative estimate of INR 400 crores would not have been there. So, definitely, the 
company is only out to break the estimate. But if I overestimate, sir, then that is also not fair. 
So, we felt that we are missing it, but it is our endeavor to break this what we have given you 
target. 
Anurag Janani: 
Okay. I totally understand that, where is it that this conservative estimate is coming from. But 
I would -- I as an investor as well as a fund manager, I would still ask the management to relook 
at the estimates because I think the kind -- the way we are expanding the inventory and the 
way we are trying to position our brand after the debt restructuring is done. I feel that that's 
the estimate provided by the management is not the reflection of the kind of efforts and the 
hard work that is going into building this particular Kamat there. 
Vishal Kamat: 
Really appreciate you, sir. I really appreciate genuinely your support, your deal, I really 
appreciate, and definitely, we will not let you down. If today, we have said INR 400, then we 
will definitely work towards getting more than that. 
Anurag Janani: 
In the entire Indian hospitality and the tourism sector, I think Kamat Hotels, if we keep aside 
some of the premier and the elite brand like EIH, IHCL, ITC Hotels, I think the kind of valuation 
that we as a company have been accumulating for the past so many years, I think that valuation 
does not justify the kind of brand that we are trying to build. So, just, as an investor, I thought 
of just bringing this to your notice so that INR 400 crores is like -- even if we would not have 
expanded the inventory, probably we would have ended up assuming INR 400 crores. 
Vishal Kamat: 
You're absolutely right. And that's why we will definitely work to definitely go higher than this 
because... 

 
Page 11 of 14 
Anurag Janani: 
Some figure which is reasonable estimate. I know that Kamat Hotels is a very judicious brand, 
and they are very particular when they communicate anything to the investors. But I mean INR 
400 crores is too conservative a number for the investors to actually feel excited about the 
developments that are happening in the company. So, just on the estimate part, I would want 
if the management can relook, rework on this particular estimate, considering whatever 
tragedy and whatever mishap has happened in the last couple of years, which kind of take the 
charge, kind of dented the sentiments that were there in the aviation as well as in the 
hospitality sector. So, just a request from my side. 
Vishal Kamat: 
We will do that, sir. We will relook, we will introspect and redo and we will definitely do the 
reform. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand over the 
conference over to management for their closing comments.  
Vishal Kamat: 
Madam, I think there are 2 questions. One Mr. Amish and one Mr. Niraj. Niraj-ji just asked a 
question. Mr. Niraj Mansingka-ji, again has a question, 
Moderator: 
Okay. The next question is from the line of Amish Kanani from Knowise Investment Manager. 
Please go ahead.  
Amish Kanani: 
I just wanted to get an update on the corporate action about one of the properties, which we 
had kind of proposed to merge and there was some NCLT approval, which is awaited. If you 
can just give us some sense of that corporate action, sir, that would be helpful. 
Vishal Kamat: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. That is a very good question. I am glad you asked it, so I can appraise 
everybody also about the same. We have already got the NSE and the BSE approval. So, now 
the same has to go to NCLT. So, formally a lawyer has been appointed for (Inaudible) 0:38:36.6 
NCLT. And regarding the same, the company will proceed with what process has already been 
started and the same in NCLT, then for the approval also (Inaudible) 0:38:52.2 in terms of 
upgrading ourselves. So, I think all the things will go up well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment 
Management. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Two questions. One related to the participant earlier on the merger side of the entity earlier, 
can you share what's the value approximately range of appreciation of land that has happened 
for Kamat Hotel? So, that's one. And secondly on the Puri side, you had earlier a Puri, which 
Fort Mahodadhi Hotel. I think you had told in the past also, can you just remind us what is the 
status of that because we are moving to a larger 156-room property in 2027. So, these 2 
questions. 

 
Page 12 of 14 
Vishal Kamat: 
Thank you, Niraj ji. Basically, first, let me take up the valuation one. Our valuation of the entity 
to be merged has shot up drastically because it is very near the Vadhavan Port and near the 
new airport, which is coming. So, the valuation of our property has shot up drastically. That is 
a very good news that we have for ourselves. And as shareholders also, as this thing also as a 
dual interested party. Someone asked me what if the merger does not happen, I am still happy 
what if the merger happens, I'm still happy. Why because in both the cases, what I want is 
basically the value to go up. If the value today, even if the value of my private property has 
become much, much more that 3x, 4x without going into speculation, even if the valuation has 
gone up and if it is at the old value, whatever has been done at that value also it comes in still 
as a shareholder of Kamat, I am happy. So, when people have come and asked us and after 
understanding and they have gone back satisfied that, yes, by this coming in, Kamat Hotels also 
value goes up and this whole property also, which has been valued at an old thing. So, in both 
cases, the promoter is... 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Vishal, on the value earlier when you had done the merger at that time, you had assessed the 
value of the land. 
Vishal Kamat: 
So, total value which was there was of INR 70 crores for one is that it has a 16 odd acres is the 
land, any land. And also along with that, there is a property which is of Mumbai, which is all 
about 1/8 of an acre. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Only that 16-acre property would be what valued at that time when you had done the merger. 
Vishal Kamat: 
So, that time, I think its valuation was quite low. You can say about I think around -- but 
basically, in short, whatever the price of that was because that was almost a year odd back. So, 
definitely the value because, like I said, it is right near Palghar that near the Vadhavan and near 
the port. And it is not highway touch. Our property not inside. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
We are aware that the prices have gone up by 2, 3x that same. Just wanted to know how much. 
Vishal Kamat: 
Honestly speaking, I wouldn't know right now, but I would know I will find out. Secondly, also 
for your Puri point, our Puri property got delayed because when we had submitted our plans 
to the government, our sub-building was a 40-meter tower. But now with the new airport 
coming at Puri and the Puri Airport height restrictions coming in, our plan had to be revised. 
And now as per law, the height has to come to 27 meters. So, the problem is that we have to 
now change the building. So, the number of rooms will still be the same because it is 2.5 acres. 
So, we don't have a shortage in the number of rooms. We don't have a problem in the number 
of rooms. What we do have is that earlier, it would have been a little more efficient building as 
a tower. Now instead of a tower, it will become a little shorter tower with a bigger base. So, 
the area will go up of construction. But that is basically why the company just -- we are sitting 
with the architect to revise this plan. We want it to be as Modi ji has pushed in Orissa, the MICE 
tourism, wedding tourism, and that was his thing. So, government of Orissa also is very keen 

 
Page 13 of 14 
that we develop this 9,500-square-foot banquet hall along with these all facilities. So, keeping 
that demand also in mind, which is there, we are basically revising our plans for Puri. So, that 
is why it got delayed because of the height restriction rule that has come, aviation rule. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
The 33 rooms, they are still working or they are just... 
Vishal Kamat: 
Yes, yes, they're operational. 24 rooms are operational, 24 rooms, but it is just operational. It 
is not an area of focus operational. It is just operational because we have  restaurant over there 
is fully operational, which is doing very well. There is a restaurant over there, which is doing 
very well. So, that's because of outsiders come and eat it, eat over there. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
So, by the time this property starts commercial operation, 156 rooms, this 33 rooms will be 
closed. Is it right assumption? 
Vishal Kamat: 
24 rooms can remain on even while the renovation -- while the new building construction is 
going on because they are detached. They are not part of the same. They will only shut down 
for around 3 months when the integration work will happen between both the Tower and the 
Heritage wing. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. Got it. And this can be -- this will add similar wedding destination and -- to it, right? 
Vishal Kamat: 
Yes. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
And what do we expect on the realization -- last question. What do you expect on the 
realization on Puri? I know it's quite early stage right now. 
Vishal Kamat: 
Puri also is a very high ADR market.  We basically are looking at an ADR of around INR 10,000 
over there. And on an average, Puri as a town, as a temple town has an occupancy of around 
anywhere between 60% to 75%. So, it is a very good place. Our Lotus, Konark is doing 
exceedingly well.  It is only a 32-room eco resort property, yet its ARR is in the INR 5,000, I think 
INR 5,800 -- INR 5,500. INR 5,500 ARR and the occupancy also is at 60%. Actually, we are looking 
at the additional rooms over there, which should add more, we are looking at because that's 
what really will further take the occupancy up, so then we can take large conferences. We have 
a 3,000-square-foot hall over there, which is underutilized because we have only 32 rooms. So, 
once we take this up towards the 50, 60 mark, we will have even more conferences and the 
RevPAR and the listing will go up drastically. 
Thank you, operator. I think no one else has any other questions, so we can conclude madam. 
Moderator: 
Okay. As there are no further questions from the participants, I hand over the conference over 
to the management for their closing comments. 

 
Page 14 of 14 
Vishal Kamat: 
So, I really appreciate, we had a very good turnout, which we have been seeing in the last every 
call that we have. I appreciate all those who come and listen to us sincerely and patiently and 
especially all those who take the trouble to ask us these questions. I really appreciate some 
who push us like one of the gentlemen you all heard, who was pushing us to do better, and 
that's what we are here for. So, thank you. I really appreciate all of you all, and look forward to 
even better results in the coming quarters. Thank you, namaskar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kamat Hotels Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
