 
 
 
August 4, 2025 
 
To,
BSE Limited 
Listing Dept. / Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Security Code : 542484 
Security ID : ARVINDFASN 
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol : ARVINDFASN 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings call Transcript with Analysts and Investors for the first quarter ended on June 
30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, beneath is the link of transcript of post results conference call with Analysts/Investors held on 
Tuesday, July 29, 2025 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the first quarter 
ended on June 30, 2025. 
 
 
https://www.arvindfashions.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Earnings-Call-Transcript-Q1-FY26.pdf 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
 
Lipi Jha 
Company Secretary 
LIPI 
SITAKANT 
JHA
Digitally signed by 
LIPI SITAKANT JHA 
Date: 2025.08.04 
12:18:18 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q1 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript – July 29, 2025 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
• Kulin Lalbhai – Vice Chairman & Non-Executive Director 
• Shailesh Chaturvedi – Managing Director & CEO 
• Girdhar Chitlangia – Chief Financial Officer 
• Ankit Arora – Head, Investor Relations and Treasury 

Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arvind Fashions Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Arora – Head, 
Investor Relations & Treasury at Arvind Fashions Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Ankit Arora 
Thank you Pari. Hello and welcome everyone and thank you for joining us 
on Arvind Fashions Limited earnings conference call for the first quarter 
ended June 30, 2025. I am joined here today by Kulin Lalbhai, Vice 
Chairman and Non-Executive Director, Shailesh Chaturvedi, our Managing 
Director and CEO and Mr. Girdhar Chitlangia, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Please note that result press release and earnings presentation had been 
mailed across to you yesterday and these are also available on our website 
www.arvindfashions.com. I hope you had the opportunity to browse 
through the highlights of the performance. We'll commence today’s call 
with Kulin providing his key strategic thoughts on our first quarter and full 
year’s performance. Post that, we will have Shailesh, who will cover the 
details of business highlights and financial performance. At the end of the 
management discussion, we will have a Q&A session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to remind you that some of the statements 
made or discussed on this call today may be forward-looking in nature and 
must be viewed in conjunction with risks and uncertainties we face. A 
detailed statement of these risks is available in this quarter’s earnings 
presentation. The company does not undertake to update these forward-

looking statements publicly. With that said, I would now turn the call over 
to Kulin to share his views. Thank you and over to you Kulin. 
Kulin Lalbhai  
Thanks, Ankit. A very good afternoon to you all. Thank you for joining us for 
the Q1 Results. 
 
I would first like to talk about the change of leadership at Arvind Fashions, 
which we announced a couple of weeks ago. 
 
As part of the succession planning of the organization, we will have Amisha 
Jain join us as the Company's new MD and CEO effective August 13, 2025. 
Amisha is a seasoned leader with over 25 years of experience across 
technology, consumer and retail sectors. She joins us from Levi's, where 
she led the transformation and scale up of the brand spanning multiple 
geographies. She has deep digital expertise and has also worked in 
transformation assignments with new age business models. She has a 
strong understanding of the new age customer, and we believe she is well 
positioned to lead the charge for AFL and take it to the next level. 
 
Also, I would like to take this opportunity to thank Shailesh for his immense 
contribution towards executing a sharp turnaround at AFL, driven by 
profitable growth and strengthening of the balance sheet. He has been 
instrumental in getting the business to this stage. In his 19 years with 
Arvind, he has built Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein into the most 
respected franchise in the lifestyle space in India, and has thereafter 
energized the entire AFL portfolio. He leaves behind a wonderful legacy, 
which we will now build upon. 
 
I am extremely excited about the future of AFL. We have one of the most 
compelling portfolios in the business. We also have strong momentum 
across our brands with improving growth rates and higher profitability. We 

will continue to strengthen our direct distribution channels, both retail and 
online, which will also entail investing more in product differentiation and 
premiumization, and also an increased investment in marketing. We will 
further sharpen our existing capabilities and add new ones, as required. In 
doing so, we hope to accelerate our growth, and at the same time drive a 
further improvement in profitability, which in turn should drive a higher 
return on capital employed. 
 
Let me now talk a bit about our Q1 Results. FY26 has witnessed a strong 
start with revenue growth clocking 16%, along with improvement in 
profitability and a significant increase in our bottom line. It's pleasing to 
note that the growth is all around led across channels, especially strong 
growth in our direct channels of retail and online direct-to-consumer.  
 
Our efforts over the last 12 to 18 months, including retail network 
expansion, coupled with higher investments in marketing to reenergize our 
brands, have yielded strong results. We invested 140 basis points higher in 
Q1 in advertising on a year-on-year basis. And despite that, we saw 20% 
growth in EBITDA, resulting in a multifold increase in our PAT. 
 
Moving forward, we hope that the demand environment should improve 
on account of the government's efforts as well as the onset of the festive 
season. And with investment across all our growth levers, we expect an 
uptick in growth rates for us on a comparable basis vs. last year. 
 
With that, I would like to now hand it over to Shailesh to take us through 
the specifics and more details about our financial performance. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Dear friends, Hi. The story of Q1 results of AFL is growth. Impressive 
growth of 16% in NSV and EBITDA growth of 20%. There is all-round growth 
across channels and across brands. NSV in Q1 is Rs. 1,107 crores and 

EBITDA is Rs. 148 crores. Our strong effort on growing direct channels of 
retail and online B2C has gained further pace in Q1. This group has now 
reached nearly 60% of AFL revenue. 
 
Retail growth is very healthy at 15%, backed by impressive like-to-like 
growth of 8.1% with addition of nearly 40,000 square foot. Online B2C 
channel also grew more than 30%, establishing further our pivot away from 
wholesale online to online B2C. The share of digital business has crossed 
25% with very good improvement in profitability. 
I am also very happy to share that wholesale channel growth has picked up 
to double-digit growth, impacted by better freshness of inventory, higher 
salience of our powerful brands and better trading environment. We saw 
very impressive consumer traction at premium department stores. At 
brand level, our intense investment into our marquee brand U.S. Polo 
Association is bearing fruit, and the brand has grown more than 20% in Q1. 
 
Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein business has also grown double digits, 
delivering exceptional margin profile. This acceleration of growth at AFL to 
16% is backed by huge improvement in freshness of inventory, very sharp 
execution of consumer promise, very high 140 basis points increase in 
advertising, opening of nearly 40,000 square foot additional retail space, 
and strong momentum in our growth drivers like adjacent categories and 
digital business. 
 
Kids wear, innerwear and womenswear have all grown impressively on an 
average by more than 25% in Q1. With BIS issue largely behind, inventory 
situation in footwear business has started to improve, and we expect 
footwear growth to inch up further moving forward. The growth in EBITDA 
at AFL in Q1 is 20%, a 50-basis point improvement despite heavy 140 basis 
point increase in advertising. Reduction in retail discounting by 1.2%, move 

to richer channel mix, cost efficiencies in sellex, supply chain and scale 
leverage have all led to improvement in margin. GP has gone up by 60 basis 
points to nearly 56%.  
 
We felt that this is the right time to invest very aggressively behind 
marketing. We saw opening in the market to fuel growth of marquee 
brands like U.S. Polo Association and Tommy Hilfiger, etc., to gain salience, 
gain market share and to grow aggressively. A lot of this marketing 
investment has gone into online visibility for recruiting new consumers, 
including younger consumers and consumers in small towns through our 
wide online reach. Our brands are market leaders across channels, and this 
market investment will further strengthen our leadership position.  
 
One very happy example of this marketing investment has been 
investment of Tommy Hilfiger into F1 movie that got released recently. You 
can see very strong brand visibility and brand association with Tommy 
Hilfiger in this movie. We saw immediate spurt in brand search and 
increase in walk-ins with this film association and the special F1 capsule of 
garments in Tommy Hilfiger got sold super quickly.  
 
AFL has continued its focus on tight balance sheet control with stock turns 
of 4 and steady management of working capital. Our inventory has never 
been more fresh than it is currently. We are seeing the results of 
investment into supply chain improvement and seeing better sell-thru with 
better quality of product assortment across our brands. In this journey of 
profitable growth, the PAT in Q1 is at Rs. 13 crores versus Rs. 1 crore in Q1 
last year. The growth in PBT is nearly 65%. 
 
We have also benefited from better trading conditions than what we had 
seen in the last year Q1, where there was impact of general elections. This 
year, April, May saw more wedding dates and lesser heat waves. Based on 

the business we have seen in the initial days of Q2, the outlook remains 
encouraging, and we are likely to see double-digit growth, which is higher 
than the growth we have seen earlier in the last one year. Of course, the 
actual numbers will depend on market forces. There are uncertainties. But 
with early onset of festivals, we are encouraged by the demand coming 
from our channel partners. 
 
This is my final investor call as MD and CEO of AFL, and I take this 
opportunity to express my sincere and wholehearted gratitude to all 
investors of AFL, to the promoter Lalbhai family who have supported me in 
the last 19-year journey, where I have led development of Tommy Hilfiger 
and Calvin Klein business, in addition to rapid turnaround of fortunes at 
AFL in the last four-odd years. It is great to leave when the business is at 
such strong momentum and when the ROCE has crossed 20% mark.  
 
I also wish all the best to the new colleagues at AFL, including Amisha Jain, 
who soon takes over as MD and CEO of AFL; and Satyen, who soon takes 
over charge as CEO of the PVH part of the business. I wish AFL even better 
days ahead. I will always root for this Company. Wishing everyone good 
luck, heartfelt gratitude for support this community has provided to me in 
this assignment. All the best friends. 
Ankit Arora 
Thanks, Shailesh. Pari, we can now open it up for question-and-answer 
session. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Param Vora from Trinetra Asset 
Manager. Thank you. 
Param Vora 
Hello, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. Congratulations 
for great set of numbers. So my question is that with the plan to open 

around 150 stores in financial year 2026, so what is the average breakeven 
timeline for new stores? And what specific regions or cities are being 
targeted for the expansion plan? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Hi. We are seeing traction for our brands across the country, both offline 
and online. So we will continue to expand the square foot in top-tier town 
as well as in Tier 2 town. What we have noticed is that a very, very 
acceptable brand like U.S. Polo Association, we see demand from every 
new retailer, every new mall, every new department store across the 
country, be it Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 cities. So we will continue to use that 
demand for our marquee brand. Same thing we see for Arrow and other 
brands like Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein. 
 
So in terms of the geography, we are looking at expansion across cities. 
Yes, for some of our brands, there's a metro focus, and we will continue to 
expand in the top 15 cities. But for most of our brands, including Flying 
Machine and U.S. Polo, we will continue to expand across the country 
irrespective of the tier of the brand as far as the breakeven is concerned. 
Girdhar Chitlangia The usual breakeven for most of our stores is between 12 and 18 months 
depending on the brand and the city and the catchment. 
Param Vora 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Fatema Pacha from 
Mahindra Manulife. Please go ahead. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Hi, Fatema. 
Fatema Pacha 
Hi, sir. Great job at U.S. Polo and Tommy and CK. If you could just throw 
some light on how Flying Machine and Arrow is doing. And we are just 
trying to figure out how to interpret the minority interest because if CK and 

Tommy has done well, definitely minority should have gone up. But I am 
assuming Flying Machine has had a drag this quarter. Is that fair? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Let me first start with Arrow and Flying Machine, and then I will take on 
the question on the minority interest. So, as far as Arrow and Flying 
Machine, what we have been talking about in the investor calls, the 
situation continues. We are in the journey of improving the profitability 
from low single digit to mid-single digit. That journey is progressing well. 
 
In this quarter, we saw very good like-to-like retail growth in Flying 
Machine. We saw very good department store growth in Flying Machine. 
And also, all the direct channels that I spoke earlier, Arrow, has performed 
really well in that. And we review the progress every season. And at the 
end of this season, we will again review the progress of Arrow and Flying 
Machine on course. And these businesses will continue to grow fast and 
move towards their mid-single-digit EBITDA, that's the plan.  
 
As far as the minority interest is concerned, Tommy and CK have had a very 
good quarter. They continued to grow at double digit with very good 
margin profile. You are right in the sense that there is a third brand in the 
minority interest, which is the Flying Machine. And given the channel 
situation of Flying Machine, there is a seasonality impact, and there is a 
correction in Q1 for Flying Machine, which will get corrected in the Q2. It's 
a normal business cycle based on the channel mix that brand has. And at 
the end of the season in H1 you will see good progress in Flying Machine as 
well.  
 
So, business across the brands has done well. Both Arrow and Flying 
Machine have delivered double-digit retail like-to-like growth. And we are 
very, very encouraged by this double-digit growth in the retail like-to-like 
for both the brands. 

Fatema Pacha 
Okay. So they are pretty much strong growth in those two brands and 
maybe margin improvement may yet not have come through in Q1, is that 
fair? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi It's a seasonal thing in Flying Machine and both brands are in that journey 
of mid-single-digit EBITDA growth and they are gaining scale. So, the 
progress is on, and it's reflects in our numbers, Fatema. 
Fatema Pacha 
And sir, secondly, if you could just tell us how did the sales season on go for 
us? And in general, if you have any insights on how the consumer has 
behaved? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi I mentioned that we had advertised aggressively which got very good walk-
ins, both online, offline, and numbers have been sort of good in our 
brands. We have delivered very good full price sell-thru. Our discounting 
has come down by nearly 1.2%, which has increased our GP. So we have 
been very, very happy, and we delayed because of that the end of season 
towards the last week of June. We did see slightly early discounting in the 
industry, but we registered because our sell-thru were very good. We were 
trading really well. And we gained market share and we gained margin on 
that.  
 
So we continue to do well. Market share gains have happened. Our like-to-
like growth at 8% is higher than what we have seen in industry. Overall 
growth at 16% is higher than the industry. So, we have done well. And our 
need for playing a very big role in season end sale is less, and we have 
discounted less, and we have gained margin because of that. So our 
inventory health is good. We have never seen this fresh inventory in our 
business in the past. So overall, the dependence on end of season is less. 
We are going on sale later than the industry. And we are gaining market 

share and we are gaining consumer acceptance. So, all in all, we have had a 
very good season. 
Fatema Pacha 
Okay, sir. Thank you. If I have questions, I will join the queue. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of from Chetan from 
Systematix Group. Please go ahead. 
Chetan 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. And congratulations on a healthy set of 
numbers. Just one question on channel mix. So we are aiming to increase 
the share of direct channels. And along with it, we also expect the 
wholesale channel to grow at, say, around 8% to 10%. So what is the 
optimal target channel mix we are aiming for, say, in the next two to three 
years? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi See, we have addressed this question in the past, and I reiterate that our 
emphasis is on growing direct channel because the whole north star for us 
is ROCE, and we see very quick conversion of inventory and cash in direct 
channel. We get to influence consumer directly. It gives us a very good 
opportunity to do the assortment of the product the right way. Also, it 
helps us to use our supply chain intelligence to do the demand planning 
quite smartly.  
 
So currently, we are reaching close to 60% of our revenue from direct 
channel. And this business has grown really well in Q1 with very good 
profitability. Retail has grown at more than 15%. B2C has grown even 
higher percentage than that at more than 30%. So, this strategy is working 
really well for us. Our inventory turns have been very good. The freshness 
of inventory is very good.  
 
At the same time, our guidance for growth towards medium-term growth 
of 12% to 15%, we believe that our direct channel will continue to grow 

close to 15%. At the same time, we believe that wholesale channel, which 
is the MBO and the department store has an inherent potential to grow at 
high single digit. In the previous couple of quarters, the growth was not in 
high single digit, but we have made a lot of efforts. We have changed the 
inventory, the freshness of inventory in department store, MBO is very 
good. We have increased our advertising spend very aggressively so that 
we are top of the mind, gaining market share. Because of that, the 
department stores and the MBO have also grown. So the wholesale 
channel has also grown at 10% in this, thereby increasing our overall 
growth in Q1 to 16%. 
 
So we believe that direct channel strategy is the right strategy and both the 
channels, direct retail and B2C online will grow. Retail, we will keep 
expanding square footage. We have a certain goalpost on that. We will 
continue to pitch for high single-digit like-to-like growth. We are also 
pushing B2C agenda through a lot of online exclusive with the intelligence 
analytics backing it. We have omni, we have launched our website of U.S. 
Polo. So a lot of efforts have gone to keep the growth of direct channels at 
around 15% above. 
 
Wholesale channel, with all the efforts we have done have revived. Also, 
the season was good. We had weddings in April, May. All that also has 
impacted favorably. So we believe that inherent growth of wholesale will 
remain in high single digits. And thereby, we will be able to grow at 12% to 
15% in the medium term. In the short run, we have visibility that double-
digit growth is possible. Based on how the market plays out, it could land in 
12% to 15% growth. But we are very confident that we will grow at a higher 
pace because our square foot expansion is going up. So we will continue to 
grow in double digit. And hopefully, our aspiration is to land in that 12% to 
15% guidelines that we have given for revenue growth. 

Chetan 
Okay, sir.  Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deep Shah from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Deep Shah 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity.  And congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. Sir, if you see this quarter around, if you see across retailers, 
apparel retailers, we have seen some moderation in growth. Whereas for 
Arvind Fashion, we have improved our like-for-like growth on a sequential 
basis. So, having posted, say, 16-odd-percent sort of a top line growth for 
1st Quarter, shouldn't we expect Arvind Fashion doing, say, more than 15% 
at least in the near term? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi See, Q1 has seen significantly better growth than last year. And we have 
seen macroeconomic tailwinds, the stimulus that government has provided 
on the tax rate cuts and the interest rate cut. We believe those steps will 
help the demand environment to get better going forward. We remain 
aspirational, like I said, for a growth of 12% to 15% trajectory. It's still early 
days in the year, very early days in the Q2.  
 
Our efforts, the direct channel strategy and all the priming of our growth 
engines and all our growth engines are in very, very good health and a lot 
of investment has gone. So, we believe that we will hit double-digit growth 
for sure. We have visibility for that. Whether it will land into our 
aspirational goalpost of 12% to 15% will depend on the market condition, 
how the market behaves, but we are committed to that growth of 12% to 
15% in the medium term. 
 
And then in the short run, we see clearly an accelerated growth from what 
we have delivered in the past and double-digit growth looks possible. And 
based on how the market behaves, it could be slightly higher or it could be 

slightly lower based on how the market forces pan out. But we are feeling 
very encouraged by the Q1 Results, and we are very encouraged by the 
early festival and the demand that we are seeing from the channel 
partners. So let's see how market behaves going forward. 
Deep Shah 
Okay. Got it, sir. Secondly, sir, you indicated, say, around 20% sort of a 
growth in U.S. Polo. Can you highlight which were the categories which has 
been driving growth? In the past we have talked about bottom wear, 
women wear, so which are the product categories which is driving growth 
here? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi See, we have really looked back in the last two years in the industry, very 
few brands have seen the level of investment that we have made behind 
our marquee brand U.S. Polo Association, be it marketing, be it retail 
upgradation, be it product assortment improvement in the quality, the 
supply chain, online website that sort of we launched two years back, and 
the back end, a lot of improvement in the team, etc. So the brand has seen 
a large investment towards the growth in the last two years. And we are 
seeing that it's a brand which is firing across channels and across product 
category. 
 
Now, if you have to single out, I have seen very, very good growth in all the 
adjacent category in this brand on one side. And we have also seen very 
large digital growth of business in U.S. Polo. So adjacent category, 
womenswear, which we launched more than a year has grown more than 
50%. The innerwear has started to do very well. It's growing rapidly. kids 
wear saw more than 30% growth in this quarter. So all the adjacent 
categories are growing very rapidly. 
 
At the same time, this whole growth of online business, where our pivot 
from wholesale B2B to more like a D2C online has now seen growth in U.S. 

Polo and the growth in B2C part of U.S. Polo is extremely impressive. So, 
U.S. Polo is seeing good traction. And as per our AFL strategy of growing 
the business direct through website, through marketplace model, through 
omni linkages of our store, through better product assortment, through 
better shopping experience, through growth of adjacent category. We 
opened large marquee stores in U.S. Polo. We are expanding a large 
amount of square foot across the tiers of towns. So, U.S. Polo last year 
crossed Rs. 2,000 crores, and it's growing very, very handsomely, and it is 
going to be a very, very large brand in India. 
Deep Shah 
Okay. One last thing, sir, if I may squeeze in. Sir, with say Amisha joining in 
from Levi's background, who has been a very, very strong brand in bottom 
wear, so how is the aspiration for the bottom wear brand? Because 
typically, U.S. Polo is mainly for top wear – casual shirts and Polo T-shirts, 
so what's the aspiration for the bottom wear? Do we expect bottom wear 
being a very meaningful driver in the years to come? 
Ankit Arora 
Kulin, you would like to take that, please? 
Kulin Lalbhai 
Yes, yes, I can take that. I think denim, in general, if we step back, is a very 
interesting opportunity for us as a Company because we have three 
brands, in a sense, straddling very, very different price points. We have got 
Flying Machine, which is youth focused at a a very sharp price point. Then 
we have U.S. Polo, which has emerged as a top three denim wear brand in 
all the department stores and multi-brand outlets. So it has risen in rank 
extremely fast. And then we have the top luxury denim brand in the 
country with CK. And even Tommy, between USPA and CK, is looking to 
strengthen its presence in the country. 
 
So, I think we have extremely exciting denim offering as a Company. And in 
fact, even in our current plans, we are leaning into that category because 

we see definitely a large addressable market emerging. There is only one 
strong brand in the space. So, we want to gain share. And I think in our top-
to-bottom ratio, for bottoms overall in the next three to four years, you will 
see an improved share of bottoms to tops in the Company as we execute 
on these plans. 
Deep Shah 
Done, sir. Great, thank you. Thanks for the opportunity. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Palash Kawale from 
Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Palash Kawale 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations to the team for good set of 
results. Sir, my question is on marketing spends, like would you expect 
these trends to be higher for the whole year as well? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Palash, we have taken a stance to very aggressively invest behind 
advertising. We see scope of market share gain and higher growth, and we 
have increased in this one 140 basis point increase. We are committed to 
this strategy. It's not a one-off. And you see the last year also, we are 
steadily increasing our advertising spend, our big brands are becoming 
bigger. So it's a conscious strategy to increase the advertising, remain top 
of the mind and gain market share. And this strategy will continue in FY '26. 
Palash Kawale 
Okay. Thank you so much for that. And yes, that's also on my side. All the 
best to you, sir, it has been a pleasure interacting with you over the concall. 
Thank you. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Pleasure, Palash. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from AAA 
PMS. Please go ahead. 

Varun Singh 
Thank you for taking my questions. Sir, congratulations on extremely good 
set of numbers. My first question is, trying to understand the channel 
performance and expectation of the channel performance in FY26. As you 
pointed out, 12% to 15% kind of an overall growth. So I mean, in the retail 
channel I think 8% like-to-like and 16% revenue growth is an outstanding 
performance. But looking back in history, in the wholesale channel and 
online and others, how should we look at these two channels with regards 
to expected growth? Please throw some light on these two channels. That's 
the first question. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Varun, I just mentioned in the previous question that our strategy is clearly 
to push growth through direct channel, and there are a lot of strategic 
advantage of that pivot. And we believe that both these channels will grow 
at around 15%. Retail will grow through healthy like-to-like growth. If you 
look at our track record last three, four quarters and even this quarter, we 
have been delivering better than the industry like-to-like growth. 
 
If you look at Q3 last year, we had 11% like-to-like growth. And then if I 
look at this year, 8% in the last three quarters, our like-to-like growth is in 
the high single digit. Also, square foot expansion, we have done a lot of 
hard work on the ground. We see a huge opportunity to grow the square 
footage 12%, 13%, nearly 150 stores expansion possibility. We opened 
nearly 40,000 square foot net in this quarter, and the growth will continue. 
 
Likewise, new retail identity, renovation of stores, better and scientific lay 
outing, better shopping experience in retail, all these things are helping us 
to deliver very good numbers and the growth in retail, and we believe that 
retail channel can grow at 15%. Obviously, there will be ups and downs. 
The like-to-like will depend on how the market conditions are. But if the 

market remains more or less steady without any terrible news, then we 
believe that retail will grow at 15%. 
 
B2C pivot is happening. We have consciously pivoted the business from 
wholesale to retail kind of mindset B2C online. We created inventory 
online exclusive. There's an analytics that is helping, there are omni 
linkages, we have websites for U.S. Polo Association. So that business is 
growing very fast, more than 25% growing. And it will also, combined with 
retail, will ensure that our direct channel 60% of our business grow at 
around 15%.  
 
So we have growth drivers which are prime. Adjacent category do not take 
that much of space in the store, and they are growing. And in online also 
categories like footwear, innerwear, showing very good momentum. So 
both B2C and retail are likely to deliver together a 15% CAGR and drive our 
growth towards 12% to 15% at a Company level in the medium term. 
Varun Singh 
Sure. So that's very clear, sir. Lastly, I wanted to understand the B2B part, 
given that 40% of our exposure, I mean, 61% is B2C and retail, we have I 
think done exceptionally well since the past several quarters, and we would 
have outperformed the number one player in that category, I mean, from 
the retail channel point of view. So largely, I wanted to understand from 
the wholesale channel and the online B2B part, like is it fair to assume 10% 
to 12% kind of a growth in these two channels? Or we think that we can do 
12% to 15% kind of a growth even in these two parts. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi See, I again reiterate the direct channel, our aspiration for 15% growth. We 
are by far the largest online player in the industry, be it any portal, overall 
size of business, the Company has invested in online ahead of time. So that 
engine is working really well, and it should grow based on how the market 
conditions pan out around 15% minimum. 

 
The question on wholesale, we believe the inherent potential of the 
wholesale channel, which is MBO channel, which is department store, 
which is the online B2B, all these put together, we believe this channel set 
can grow at high single digit. That's the inherent potential of our brand in 
these channels. Sometimes based on the market, it's less. This time, we 
have favorable growth, double-digit growth in these channels put together. 
These channels, our aspiration is to see them grow very profitably at high 
single digit.  
 
And we will always be conscious of the quality of our growth. In MBO 
channel, we will always be very conscious about the hygiene. We make 
sure that our stock levels, our debt levels are very strong. In online B2B 
also we will be very conscious of hygiene in terms of discounting and other 
things. So, we will make sure that quality of growth is very, very top 
quality, high standard, and we want to deliver high single digits in the 
wholesale channel. 
Varun Singh 
That's very, very clear, sir. And my second question is on the margin front, 
given the change in the leadership, I mean, is it safe to assume that the 
margin guidance and everything that is 100% intact, and we can expect 
maybe 50, 100 bps kind of an EBITDA margin expansion in FY26? That's my 
last question, sir. 
Kulin Lalbhai 
Yes, I can come in here. I think our focus, as we have very clearly said, is to 
build very exciting brand franchises. And everything that has been carried 
out in the last three to four years has been along the lines of how to make 
our brand stronger. So bolder retail, better products and impactful 
storytelling. These have been the themes that the Company has invested 
in. And this is leading to organic growth where each of our brands becomes 
larger, and that is when the operating leverage flows in. 

 
So as we move forward, we are very, very clear that, that is the strategy of 
the Company. We want to, over time, build larger and larger brands. I think 
there will be a time in India where even Rs. 2,000 crores, Rs. 3,000 crores is 
not the largest that a leading brand could be. So we will make our brands 
bigger and bolder and ensure that as they scale, there is a commensurate 
operating leverage which kicks in and a stronger OCF profile, which 
emerges in the years to come. 
Varun Singh 
Thank you very much, sir. And wish you all the very best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from 
White Pine Investment Management. 
Niraj Mansingka 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have a question on the adjacency, 
especially the footwear side. Can you give some thoughts on how do you 
see that growing considering there is a BIS issue, which is overhang on the 
supplies? And an opportunity where you can take advantage of the brand, 
especially like a sneaker market or other markets where the footwear is 
growing much faster in that side? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Hi, Niraj. Niraj, I want to just step back and look at how we, as a Company, 
built footwear business. There was a large investment ahead of the time in 
the footwear vertical. We put a dedicated team. We put dedicated 
footwear experts in the brands which were otherwise largely apparel 
brands. And that early investment has paid off for us. And very soon, U.S. 
Polo sneaker became the top brand on the portal like Myntra, etc. And the 
business has grown at 30% plus in the past. And it’s touching close to Rs. 
300 crores mark, and our aspiration is to take the footwear portfolio to Rs. 
500 crores, very profitably with double-digit EBITDA pre-IndAS very soon. 

 
We had one sort of aberration when the government policy on BIS came 
and they sort of put restriction on the import of footwear and some 
additional conditionality, and that impacted the entire industry two years 
back. And it's taken some time to live life in this new regime and 
conditionality. And we have moved very fast. We have adjusted our supply 
chain very, very rapidly. And today, we have now started getting inventory 
in our stores in the new situation under BIS. 
 
And our brands like U.S. Polo continue to be a leading brand. We do very 
large footwear in brand like Tommy Hilfiger, Calvin Klein. So that business 
is now touching close to Rs. 300 crores business. We did see depletion of 
inventory like the industry saw, that impacted our growth and that 
impacted our like-to-like in our exciting retail format called Stride, where 
we sell a lot of footwear. Now the BIS is behind us more or less and the 
inventory position has started to improve. We expect that next one year 
time, footwear business will grow very aggressively on a sort of a corrected 
base and will again move back to a growth phase of around 20% to 25% 
based on the market conditions. 
 
So this is a very exciting piece, very profitable double-digit pre-IndAS 
EBITDA and a scale, which could be Rs. 500 crores very soon as the 
inventory builds up. So it's an area of immense strength for AFL. 
Niraj Mansingka 
Just a related question, how large as a percentage of revenue share can a 
footwear be for you? Just a thought from your side? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi See, overall, if you look at a brand like U.S. Polo, this business can be a Rs. 
300-odd crores business for U.S. Polo. Today, the adjacent categories in 
U.S. Polo are more than 25% and a very large part of that business can be 
from footwear. So it's what you call first among equal adjacent category. 
It's likely to deliver more revenue than the other adjacent category, 

including innerwear and small leather goods, etc. So it's a very, very 
important category for U.S. Polo. 
Niraj Mansingka 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani 
Thank you for taking my questions, sir. And also, congratulations on a good 
set of numbers. Sir, one question from my end is, now you have certain 
scale brands like U.S. Polo now near Rs. 2,000 crores revenue, and also I am 
believing the Tommy, CK another together would be around Rs. 1,500 
crores, Rs. 1,600 crores brands. So what is your outlook on the other 
brands like Arrow and Flying Machine? How are you looking to scale up 
these brands? And where are they on the path of the profitability? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi So, in regular investor calls we have said that both Arrow and Flying 
Machine are below U.S. Polo and Tommy, CK in terms of profitability and 
the strength of the brand, and a lot of efforts we have made to re-energize 
these two brands. Arrow is a little ahead in that journey compared to the 
Flying Machine because the effort started earlier there. Both these brands, 
we had said that they should double their business in the next three to four 
years. And that journey is on, and we are seeing good growth in both these 
brands. And we regularly see the progress. The key thing here is to reach a 
point where from low single-digit EBITDA, they have to reach mid-single-
digit EBITDA. The whole portfolio of these two brands has to become a 
certain PBT level, and that is the strategy to take these brands, grow them 
faster than the growth of the AFL. When we were talking about close to 
100 basis point EBITDA increase, and with higher advertising spend this 
year, we could be 50-60 basis points. The Arrow and Flying Machine have 
to grow faster in their EBITDA profile than the average of AFL. And also, if 

we are going to grow the Company at double digit, the Arrow and Flying 
Machine have to grow slightly faster than that.  
 
So that's the plan. There's no change of strategy. We are committed to 
what we have been saying in the investor calls in the last one year, and the 
journey is on. We are encouraged by the response we are getting on Arrow 
and in Flying Machine. We have also done premiumization. We have done 
renovations. We are building digital assets in these brands. So the journey 
is on. Of course, they are behind where U.S. Polo, Tommy, Calvin Klein are, 
but that's also the source of further growth and further profitability for 
AFL. 
Gaurav Jogani 
Sure. Sir, related question to this is, I mean, as you have seen house 
adjacencies have been a greater part of scale up in the U.S. Polo and even 
in Tommy Hilfiger to that extent. What kind of adjacencies do you think 
you can play out in both of these brands? And at what journey of scale-up 
are these adjacencies right now? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi See, we look at the theory behind adjacencies when the mother brands are 
very strong and then consumer buy the adjacent category. So let's say, if 
Tommy Hilfiger is a very aspirational brand, then consumer besides the 
apparel core category, they want to buy a watch from Tommy Hilfiger, for 
example. Same way in Arrow and Flying Machine, our first priority is to 
make the core categories thrive, the formal shirt of Arrow or the 
sportswear shirt of Arrow or the premium 1851 line of Arrow, the places 
where the brand is marketed, we want to make sure those businesses are 
in really prime hands or growing rapidly. 
 
And same thing in fine machine, a business of jeans, for example, has to be 
in the pink of health, and that's what our efforts have been to build the 
growth of the core categories in both these brands, Arrow and Flying 

Machine. Once this happens, we will expand the adjacent category 
aggressively as a Step 2. 
 
But having said what I have just said, we have not lost on the adjacent 
category. We built in Arrow, for example, line of small leather goods, belt 
and wallet. We experiment maybe some other new categories that you 
see. In Flying Machine, We already have a footwear line, which we sell 
successfully online, and we are piloting that category, and we will expand 
that as we go along. So the step is first is to make the core categories really 
energized, and then we will look at adjacent categories. 
Gaurav Jogani 
Sure, sir. That helps. Sir, my second and last question is with regards to the 
strong OCF now you are generating. And even you have also repaid that 
debt and paid some dividends. Given that the business will only improve 
from here on and the profitability will also improve, what is your plan of 
action of using this cash? Would you be completely repaying that debt? Or 
would you be looking to certain allied acquisitions, maybe not the bigger 
ones, maybe some smaller ones? Any outlook that you can give here? 
Kulin Lalbhai 
Yes, I can come in I think here, currently, as we have said, our focus is 
scaling up our existing five brands. And there isn't any imminent kind of 
area where we would want to deploy additional capital. So what we have 
been seeing is whatever is the OCF we are generating is going into kind of 
repaying the debt. And of course, we have been growing the business 
aggressively, and we have been wanting to increase the freshness in the 
business, so we have also been bold as we move in this year into buying 
fresh inventory, and you are seeing the impact of that freshness even on 
the growth of the Company. So I think the funds would be used to reinvest 
it back into growth and retiring debt. 

Gaurav Jogani  
Sure. Sir, if you can help me out, I mean, allied to this only. Last year also, 
we did generate a good handsome free cash flow of around Rs. 200-odd 
crores. So what would be the capex plans for at least the next two years 
that you are looking for? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi See, our strategy is very asset-light and for growing our business at 12% to 
15% in the medium term. We do not need too much of capital, et cetera. 
Most of our expansion has been through the franchisee model. And we do 
some stores in some brands like Tommy Hilfiger, we do our own COCO 
stores because that business generates a lot of surplus cash, and it's a very 
smart way of deploying because the ROCE on the store of that brand is 
very, very high. Other than that, we typically have a very asset-light 
mindset. 
 
If you look at last year, our capex was around Rs. 100-odd crores. We have 
a run rate today of around Rs. 25 crores of capex per quarter. And I do not 
see there is a material shift or change in that strategy of asset-light model. 
So our capex at an annual level will be in that zone of around Rs. 100 
crores. 
Gaurav Jogani 
Sure. So in that context, when I was asking, given the fact that maybe you 
will be able to generate very conservatively Rs. 5,000 crores of revenue by 
FY27 and assuming a 10% kind of a pre-IndAS EBITDA margin also. I mean, 
still you will be generating a Rs. 500 crores cash. 
 
And even if I reduce some interest and some taxation also, still ballpark, 
you will be generating Rs. 350 crores kind of an OCF. And given that I am 
assuming Rs. 100 crores capex goes, still you will be left with Rs. 250 
crores. And now given that we have only Rs. 225 crores of net debt left, so 
would it be fair to assume that you will be a net cash Company by early 
FY27 in that case? 

Kulin Lalbhai 
I think now the debt levels in general is so low that we are not kind of 
looking at debt as the thing that we have to worry about. But I think 
whatever is the operating cash flows, I mean, we want the engine to get 
stronger. And as you are rightly saying, with this increase in profitability, 
the business should give significant amounts of cash. And in the absence of 
any target which we feel is very, very compelling, it would be used to 
reduce debt. 
Gaurav Jogani 
Sure, sir. Thank you, sir. That’s all from my end. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Bharati from 
Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Hi, Rajiv. 
Rajiv Bharati 
Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, especially on the 
departmental and wholesale business, was there any player who was not 
ordering earlier and they have made a comeback and that is helping our 
cause? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Rajiv, see, we have leading brands, and we are available in all the 
department stores, be it the premium department store or the value 
department store. So there's no kind of a new expansion into new chain, if 
that's your question. But we have been expanding given our better 
performance and the fact that we are gaining market share and the ranks 
of our brands, be it U.S. Polo Narrow is increasing and they are gaining 
market share. We are getting more spaces with the existing partners. And 
as they expand into new territory, we are also getting new spaces when 
they open new boxes. And in the existing boxes, we are getting some more 
spaces. So the consumer growth in department store in this quarter has 
been extremely encouraging, very, very good. And our like-to-like growth 

also per door has been very, very healthy in high single digits. So it's largely 
existing payer relationship, but we are gaining spaces and gaining new 
spaces based on our performance in terms of our market share. 
Rajiv Bharati 
Sure, sir. Sir, an extension of that is AFL stand-alone, which has a big 
portion of wholesale revenue on the Arrow side, right? And there is a de-
growth there. Can you explain, I mean, why the numbers like that? 
Ankit Arora 
Rajiv, we will have to look into it. I can probably take that offline with you. I 
will have to deep dive. It could be only on account of maybe an 
intercompany, but otherwise, wholesale channel across all the brands, 
wherever it is a lot more relevant, has grown in line with the overall 
channel mix, which is what we have discussed. 
Rajiv Bharati 
Thirdly, on the ad expense side, I see that you already addressed it, but you 
are increasing your ad spend by close to 55%, if my math is right. Can you 
just split that by brand, how does it look? Because earlier, PVH used to be a 
lower proportion as compared to Flying Machine. So are you trying to push 
again this time around Flying Machine and Arrow more on the ad side also? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi So I think it's a conscious aggressive investment across the brands. In this 
quarter, for example, in Tommy Hilfiger, I mentioned about the F1 movie, 
and we invested heavily behind that association because one-off time and 
brand has benefited a lot from that. Also in U.S. Polo and Arrow and Flying 
Machine also, we have invested heavily in online visibility because online 
B2C is a very focused priority channel for us and be it the performance 
marketing or the top of the funnel, we have gone ahead and spend money 
across that. Given the scale and size of the brand U.S. Polo, a lot of that 
dollar value or the rupee value goes into U.S. Polo to support that growth. 
And the business in B2C has grown more than 30% and the advertising 
spend also is higher basis points. So you can assume that the growth in 

value terms will be quite high. But that's a conscious decision we have 
taken to gain market share and to keep the brand salient and grow the 
brands aggressively. 
Rajiv Bharati 
Sure, sir. Lastly, on store closure. So although your area has increased, but I 
thought in Q4, you didn't have any closure. So that was the end of your 
closure cycle. How much more cleanup is still left? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi See, Rajiv, you are right that most of the closure is behind us, and that was 
done. But a small regular closure is part of our life. We will always close 
some two-odd percent of our distribution as a new mall opens in an area 
and the old mall becomes less effective or some market forces happen. But 
it will never become zero, Rajiv, in that sense. It's healthy to look for some 
closure to keep your inventory fresh, to keep your full price sell-thru high, 
to keep your like-to-like growth high. 
 
And when you look at profitable growth, some channel because of market 
forces, some retail does get impacted, and we should always be aggressive 
in shutting that down. So around 2% of network typically in the industry is 
done. I do not see major large-scale closure going forward. This quarter, 
also the closures are typically of small size stores, which have lost 
relevance, and we are opening bigger and better stores. So it's a net square 
foot addition, and we have added close to 40,000 square foot. 
 
We are gunning for close to 1.5 lakh net addition this year. So, I do not 
think there is a big news or story there on closure. It's a regular closure, 
and we will continue to expand square foot very aggressively. We have 
done a lot of groundwork. We have a bigger team now. We have identified 
a lot of areas. So you will see that our square foot expansion will only 
accelerate as we go forward. 

Rajiv Bharati 
Thanks a lot sir. And thanks for all the inputs over the years, hope to stay in 
touch. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik 
Hi, good afternoon. Shailesh, congratulations for the achievements over 
the last 19 years, especially the last four years, you seem to have set a very 
high bar for the new CEO, at least on the ROCE level. So, congratulations on 
that. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi Thanks Lokesh, thanks a lot for your kind words. 
Lokesh Manik 
So, my question, and I am playing the advocate here. So Flying Machine 
and Arrow has done fantastically well over the last two years and 
progressing as you guided. But going forward, if God forbid, you see some 
road block on that and it does not progress to the way you have thought in 
the next three to five years or the management has thought in the next 
three to five years. Are we ready to then pull the plug on it, keeping in 
mind that to an extent over the last few years, it has masked the 
performance of USPA, TH & CK? So, do we take that harsh call? Or, do we 
still go through with it? 
Kulin Lalbhai 
Maybe I can take that. Yes, I think there is never any sentimentality about 
anything in business. I think you have to be setting very, very clear 
milestones for any business. And we have been very, very clinical. If you 
see we have exited very large franchises, the day we realized that they are 
not going to have a path to the ROCE and ROCE is the north star of the 
Company. So we have done it in the last 5, and we will do the same in the 
next five, that everything has to achieve the ROCE threshold that is the 

hygiene ROCE threshold that the Company has set for itself. The good part 
in at least the current portfolio is that every brand is moving or showing 
the momentum and velocity as we speak. If that reality fundamentally 
changes, then as a Board, we would be looking at it very objectively. 
Lokesh Manik 
Great. And Kulin, have any time line in terms of where you want to review 
Arrow and Flying Machine by FY26 or FY27, where you need to decide we 
continue with the scaling or you need to scale it down? Any time line on 
that? 
Kulin Lalbhai 
We have two kind of rhythms that as a Company, we go through. One is 
our annual operating plan, and then it is a three-year plan. In fact, we are 
now getting into our next three-year planning cycle. We just completed the 
previous three-year plan. So as a part of the next three-year plan, there is a 
movement. As a part of the earlier three-year plan, at least the good part is 
many of the milestones, which we had set for ourselves with these two 
brands have broadly been aligned and achieved. 
 
So as we look at the next three-year time line, we have also told the 
market that both of these brands have to have a higher lift in EBITDA bps 
compared to the overall portfolio because they are moving from a lower 
base. So that is the kind of milestoning that we have done, which Shailesh 
refers to as that mid-single-digit EBITDA. And that's kind of the north star 
for these two brands. 
Lokesh Manik 
Fantastic. My last question was just the IndAS impact, if you can quantify 
for the depreciation impact because of right-of-use assets and interest 
expense because of lease liability combined for this quarter? Just to get a 
better sense. 
Ankit Arora 
It will be around 4% on an annual basis. 

Lokesh Manik 
4% of topline? 
Ankit Arora 
Yes. So you will have to arrive at pre-IndAS, you will have to deduct from a 
reported EBITDA minus 4%. 
Lokesh Manik 
Minus 4%. That’s good. Thank you so much. 
Ankit Arora 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time, that was the last 
question for today. I now hand over the conference to management for 
closing comments. 
Ankit Arora 
Thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call today. If any of you have 
any further questions, please feel free to reach out to us, and we would be 
happy to answer them offline. Thank you and have a good day. 
Moderator 
Thank you. On behalf of Arvind Fashions Limited concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And now you may disconnect your lines.   
Note: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
