Craftsman Automation Limited 
Registered Office: 
Corporate Office: 
123/4, Sangothipalayam Road,  
No.1087, 4th & 5th Floor, Krishna Towers, 
 Tel + 91 422 71 610 00 
Arasur Post, Coimbatore – 641 407  
Avinashi Road, Coimbatore - 641037 
fax + 91 422 71 612 34 
Tamil Nadu, India 
Tamil Nadu, India 
info@craftsmanautomation.com 
          CIN NO:    L28991TZ1986PLCO01816 
www.craftsmanautomation.com 
          GST NO:                33AABCC2461K1ZW 
The Manager - Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex ,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Stock Code: CRAFTSMAN  
4th August, 2025 
To 
The Manager - Listing,  
BSE Limited,  
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543276 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Unaudited Financial 
Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter ended 30th June, 
2025; 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and our intimation and 
outcome letter dated 3rd July, 2025 and 30th July, 2025 respectively, we are enclosing 
herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call organized on Wednesday, the 30th 
July, 2025 at 4.00 P.M. (IST) on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated) for the quarter ended 30th June, 2025. 
The transcript of the earnings conference call will be uploaded on the website of the 
Company at www.craftsmanautomation.com.   
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the 
same on your respective websites. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully,  
for CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED 
Shainshad Aduvanni  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
Shainshad 
Aduvanni
Digitally signed by 
Shainshad Aduvanni 
Date: 2025.08.04 
16:47:29 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED 
 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 30th July, 2025  
for the quarter ended 30th June, 2025 
 
This document might contain forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those 
in the forward-looking statements. We do not intend or assume any obligation to update any 
forward-looking statement, which speaks only as of the date on which it is made. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Earnings Conference 
Call, hosted by Craftsman Automation Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the opening remarks. Should you need assistance during 
this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and 
Managing Director of Craftsman Automation Limited. Thank you, and over to 
you, Mr. Ravi. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining this earnings call for the 
quarter ended 30th June 2025. As in the interest of time, all the financial 
numbers have been published, and we also have put up a PowerPoint 
presentation explaining some segment details a little more. So, I will straight 
away skip to certain data, which is not there in the presentation or in the annual 
report. 
 
So, I will first talk about consolidated financial ratios. We are at an EBITDA 
margin of around 15%. And what is very heartening is the net debt to EBITDA 
on a consolidated basis is 2.27 on an annualized basis compared to Q1. So, 
we will keep on improving as we move on going forward in spite of the capex. 
 
ROCE pre-tax annualized is 14%. Still the plants are not fully operational, and 
this will improve. And again, return on equity annualized is around 10%. This 
is an indicator of the trend which has happened because after the 
consolidation, all numbers are going for big changes. It is not a Q-on-Q -- 
quarter-on-quarter comparison in general. 
 
In the stand-alone net debt to EBITDA is around 2.87 because we have 
borrowed in Craftsman for the acquisitions and even for the capex, which has 
been done major. So coming to the subsidiaries, DR Axion has been 
accelerating on revenue. It has been around INR408 crores on the first quarter. 
Sunbeam top line has been INR291 crores and Craftsman GmbH for Germany 
has been INR67 crores on the top line.  
 
And Sunbeam has a positive EBITDA, but I think still it is work in progress as 
we move forward. The milestone is that the Gurgaon operations have ceased 
as of the end of May and also all labor has been settled, paid off on the matter. 
So the biggest challenge has been overcome. So, we are still working on the 
other plants and the equipment has been shifted. So, this is an update on the 
Sunbeam. So now, I'll open the floor to Q&A. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and 1 on their touch-
phone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you 
may press star and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking 
a question. 
 
You may note that some of the statements, which may be made by the 
management team during this earnings conference call, may contain certain 
forward-looking information, which are not guarantees of future performance 
and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. We encourage you to 
refer to the disclaimer in the investor's presentation of the company. Further, 
the management will not be addressing any customer-specific queries owing 
to confidentiality obligations. We kindly request that you avoid mentioning any 
customer names in your questions. 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that the management is able to 
address questions from all participants in this conference, please limit your 
questions to two per participant. We will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. 
 
The first question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Congrats on the strong results for this quarter. Sir, starting with just on the 
Kothavadi plant, sir, any update on how is the order book shaping there? And 
how do you see the revenue target of $100 million in next 4 to 5 years? Do you 
see intact? Or do you see further upside to that number, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I'll answer the second part of the question first. 2030, this 100 million target is 
intact, that is both for the casting and machining of those particular parts. The 
castings will be done at Kothavadi. Machining will be done at the Arasur plant 
of Craftsman. So, we are ready and the order intake, I think we are -- our order 
book has almost crossed 50% of the 100 million target, projected for the annual 
basis. 
 
Of course, this comes into production in various phases. The prove-outs will 
be happening in FY '27 mainly and FY '28, and production will start a little in 
FY '27. And peak production, I think, will be touching in FY '29. This is also in 
line with the end-market requirement of our customers who are mainly catering 
these products to the data center customers totally.  
 
So currently, we are doing some engineering parts and the capacity utilization 
is hardly 5% or something like that. So, we are incurring some minor cash 
losses, of course, depreciation loss. So, this is why we prove-out the other 
engineering parts as well as the engine blocks. Some trials have already been 
taken of one particular part. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
So, now the strategy has been in cooperation with the customer that some of 
the parts are already being produced in Fronberg and there is an increased 
requirement of volume, the  Craftsman Fronberg Guss GmbH. And the same 
customer is asking for increased volume. So, we are getting the duplicate 
tooling from there and the prove-out will be happening along with our German 
team.  
 
And new customers who are coming in who are not customers of Fronberg, 
they expressed a lot of confidence in Fronberg after visiting them, they have 
visited Fronberg some of them. And they have mandated that we complete the 
development in Germany before we shift it. 
 
So we expect that -- there are a few challenges in this sort of business, but we 
are fully equipped to meet the challenges because of our preparation, our 
investment and our thorough study from 2020 and careful understanding of the 
project and customers and also the acquisition of Fronberg, which has allowed 
us to have a first-hand view of the technology available. And the Craftsman 
team and the German team are working together. This is the update for 
Kothavadi. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Great, sir. Great to see a strong order book there, sir. Sir, coming to this quarter 
results, sir, we've seen a good sequential growth in the aluminum segment and 
despite the lower production Q-on-Q for the PV and the CV segment. Can you 
just explain, sir, will in stand-alone, the growth will be largely driven by the alloy 
wheel ramp-up, sir? And also margin improvement there also being seen. Is it 
because of alloy wheel business getting more profitable, sir? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
As we speak today, whether it's Q1 or going forward in Q2, Q3, the alloy wheel 
portion of the business is today even very small compared to the entire 
aluminum business holistically as a stand-alone itself totally, let alone the 
consolidated portion. So, I would rather put up, I think, less than 15%, 20%. 
15% on the alloy wheel. Let me get back to that number. So now the other 
customers, whether it's domestic and export, there ramping up has happened.  
 
So in spite of the market being slow, our orders, which we won a few years 
back, started to ramp up. So, we will see the ramp-up continue in the coming 
quarters for stand-alone Craftsman aluminum business in spite of a little 
slowness in the domestic industry. So the alloy wheel business is around 13% 
of our revenue in the stand-alone. So on a consolidated basis, it doesn't make 
any significant change. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it, sir. Any, sir... 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue for 
follow-up questions. The next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from 
Avendus Spark. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
First question is on Sunbeam. Now that you mentioned that the machinery has 
been moved out of Gurgaon. And could you kind of give us some sense on 
what we can expect in terms of ramp-up there in the next, say, 2, 3 quarters? 
Will we require any more investments now that you are now running it for the 
last 2 quarters? You have probably more insights into how we are going to see 
things ramp-up there. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, you may be aware that what we invested and what labor settlement 
happened and what capex has been reported in the last year that is already 
published, I think. So, now let us compare to the challenges. There is a 
modernization requirement because I think there's not -- the equipments are 
little -- some of the equipments are obsolete. And now the other portion of the 
capex is the building requirements and other things, which may come up 
because of the shifting the Gurgaon plant has left it very congested. 
 
The third aspect is some of the process have been manual. We like to semi-
automate it in the view of the -- even today, the cost towards manpower is quite 
high. From the time we negotiated the deal today, around 50% of the 
manpower cost has been brought down to 50%. So, there is a long way to go.  
 
That headcount reduction has to happen with better processes in the layout, 
better productivity, better equipment, which is more productive. That means 
some of the less producing equipment, I think we have to use it for small 
volume production. Then it's also some little of automation is required. So, this 
will have -- it's a trade-off between long-term manufacturing cost versus the 
capex. So, we are doing it carefully on this matter. 
 
And anyway in the next year, the land will be sold, if not in this year itself, that's 
what we have already started and we've not put up for sale, but I think that will 
also reduce the debt going forward. So, our net outflow towards acquiring 
Sunbeam has been quite reasonable.  
 
And Q2 will be better than Q1 on the revenue side, but profitability side 
because of the huge ramp-up and the shifting, which has happened, we are 
still not certain of the margin improvement in Q2. But I think Q4, we can see 
some reasonable margin improvement. Going forward for the next year, I think 
it should be far better off. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Got it. So I mean, as of now, we are not expecting this modernization capex to 
be a significant number. We're working with what we have already planned. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, we have planned, not a significant number. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
No incremental addition to that basically? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. So, we are assessing whether the order inflow is going to be there in the 
future or not. So it will be -- unless the revenue grows in a big way, then there's 
no necessity for any huge capex there. It may be marginal. 
 
Mukesh Saraf: 
All right. And my second question is on the alloy wheel facilities. Could you 
give some sense -- I mean, I think we started production last quarter in Bhiwadi 
and Hosur will probably come in the second or third quarter. So number one, 
on Hosur, will we see some one-off costs initially when the plant starts like we 
saw it in the third and fourth quarter last year? And number 2, on Bhiwadi, how 
is the ramp-up there? 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Compared to Q4, I think we have a 20% increase in revenue at Bhiwadi. We 
have just crossed around INR50 crores on the revenue on Q1. So we will be -
- quarter-on-quarter, I think the run rate of the same percentage of increase 
will happen for the next few quarters, barring Q3. So, I think the plant should 
be more mature in the coming, say, 3, 4 quarters.  
 
Now, we will not see that sort of shake up, which has happened at Bhiwadi, in 
Hosur. For the simple reason, it was the first alloy wheel plant and we took a 
short-term decision within a month, and our preparation time was only a few 
months. We wanted to hit the festive season. We decided in December, started 
in January and then we started producing in August. 
 
So in this case, the parts are already proved and some production, we are 
already supplying from north to south a little, and we are going to also -- 
whatever needs to be proved out will be done before the start of production. 
So it will be maybe 1 quarter, there can be a small impact. And again, the 
aluminum segment, but per se of Craftsman itself has become bigger stand-
alone. So, that impact might not be visible much. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from AlfAccurate Advisors. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Congrats for a strong set of numbers. Sir, my first question on the Powertrain 
business. So in a stand-alone basis, what kind of the growth are you predicting 
for the full-year basis given the muted growth in the CV construction, tractor 
business? And in the Craftsman Germany, we have seen that revenue run rate 
is around INR70 crores. How do you see ramp up in the coming quarter in the 
Germany business? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I'll answer the second question first. Germany business is not a growth 
business. There would be a marginal adjustment. And it's a small plant, and it 
is quite an old plant and the existing customers and customer base. So, we will 
be expecting the same thing. We have 140 people, 160 people there with the 
variable people also. So as hand molded process, and these are very low 
volume, high-variety parts. So, there is no question about ramp-up per se in 
Germany. 
 
So the second point on the Powertrain is we will see a high single-digit growth. 
And maybe in the Q4, we may -- on 1 quarter, we may see double-digit growth 
on Craftsman stand-alone on the Powertrain. This is in spite of commercial 
vehicle not doing so well. As you may be aware that many multinationals first 
in the tractor segment and then a little in the industrial engine segment. And 
now you can see a lot of news coming today for medium and heavy-duty trucks. 
India is also going to ramp up in a very big way. 
 
We have the German major announcing that India will become a hub for 
medium-duty trucks in the future. That means for other markets, they're going 
to ship out of Chennai. And we have seen the Indian biggest commercial 
vehicle manufacturer announced an acquisition plan in Europe, which I saw in 
the news today. So, this means that as I've been mentioning earlier also that 
India is the right place for the Powertrain manufacturing for whether it's a small 
tractor or medium duty to medium-duty -- our heavy duty is actually medium-
duty trucks. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Then light commercial vehicles, and also construction equipment of the type 
which is being used in India, which is required in other parts of the market, 
India is becoming a perfect fit for being a manufacturing base for the 
multinationals. So the export of these products will happen through the 
multinationals. So, we will find more investments coming into India from the 
multinational companies and also Indian companies becoming really large 
corporate multinational companies, Indian names also.  
 
So, this is the growth trajectory for the conventional powertrain of Craftsman, 
which I have mentioned a few names about tractor manufacturers and engine 
manufacturers in the past. And we are going to expect more and more of this. 
On top of this, we have added now the large stationary engines, mainly driven 
by data centers for the AI, which is a growth story for the next at least 7, 8 
years. So the Powertrain segment is set to grow in total. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
And my next question is on the aluminum side. So, we have seen a very strong 
revenue growth in the DR Axion in past 2, 3 quarters. What is the key reason? 
Is there any price hike? And will INR400 crores quarterly run rate to be 
continued in the coming quarters in DR Axion? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, I don't want to comment too much on that because there are only a few 
customers there. Some customers we have already added now, but that's still 
not -- revenue is far away, but we'll be continuing to add more customers there 
for DR Axion also. But stating that, we are first focused on our key customers. 
I think there, we are very, very, I think, extremely focused on giving them very 
good quality service and products -- for their products for the Powertrain.  
 
There can be a little movement up and down on the alloy price and the alloy 
price is a pass-through. So, there may be some fluctuation on the top line. And 
we had a little of exports going to back to Korea, which is going to continue for 
a few more quarters. So, there's no doubt about that or maybe more than a 
few more years. Let us see how it comes. 
 
So, you may be aware even in Korea, EV has slowed down a little. So, we 
expect the sort of ICE cylinder blocks, cylinder heads, whatever maybe, which 
is required in the market to continue to be stable or grow. And we also see a 
new trend coming into the picture on passenger vehicles. It is not the Indian 
number 1, number 2 companies, which are basically Japanese, Koreans and 
also we have 2 large Indian players doing very well in the Indian market in 
passenger vehicle.  
 
The small passenger vehicle market, I think the other European players and 
other even Japanese players may make India as a hub for the small engine 
manufacturing in the future. For the similar reason of the -- whatever India 
requires in Indian market, we will be able to export also because there is a 
good -- even in the 2-wheeler, we see the same trend. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital. 
 
Mitul Shah: 
Congratulations on a very strong operational performance in this challenging 
environment. Sir, first question on utilization, if you can help with broader 
numbers on various segment-wise utilization? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
On Powertrain, on the commercial vehicle portion of it, utilization is very low. I 
think it is around less than 60%, depending on the customer, depending on the 
product, even maybe at 50% level. On the farm sector in the current quarter, it 
has been at a higher level, I would say, around 70%, 80%.  
And in the SUV segment, I think it is around 70%, 80%. On the construction 
equipment on the Powertrain, it has been quite poor because of the emission 
norm change, which has -- there has been some lot of pre-buy. So, I think I 
hope I answered the question on Powertrain. 
 
And I'll move to the aluminum. Aluminum, there is -- yes. On the aluminum 
side, we are looking at a diverse customer portfolio in Craftsman. And the -- 
whatever is the growth/degrowth of each of the customers in the DR Axion, it 
is already mirrored in, but that has been a little offset by -- you know that May 
is always a weak month. There is a shutdown of one of the auto players for 2 
weeks for their annual maintenance. So that is a seasonal effect, but I think we 
had some exports. We have done okay in DR Axion. 
Similarly, on Craftsman side, the capacity-wise, plant-wise, when we look at it, 
the variety of parts what we are getting in and the other direct, indirect exports 
have been growing. So, capacity utilization is already touching around 75%.  
 
And going forward, it may enter the critical mass of 80-odd percent, which is a 
little risky on a few months on the festive season. So, we have good visibility 
going forward. So, we will be adding capacity in the coming quarters also for -
- in view of the next year's festive season. 
 
Mitul Shah: 
And second question on margins. The Powertrain margins are at a highest in 
last 4 quarters, 15.2% despite more or less production but by a few players as 
well as industry-wide slowdown in terms of the PV and CV production. What 
could be the reason for reasonably good margins on this segment? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Earlier, post-COVID, the ramp-up was very steep, and we had no chance to 
do repair and maintenance for a long time. And we had undertaken a lot of 
improvement activity, repair and maintenance, modernization, many things in 
the past and there's a lot of expenses were booked in the many quarters, I 
think around 5 quarters on almost a continuous basis. Now that is behind us, 
number one. 
 
Number 2, with that, we optimized all our costs. We have not added, per se, 
any manufacturing plant in the Powertrain. In the past, we added one more 
plant last year adjacent to the current plant in Faridabad that had a cost strain 
for us on this matter. But as things are very stable and no expansion is planned 
there other than the large engines, the expense has been controlled. So, this 
is the real state of affairs.  
 
But in the future, let us say, in 1 year later or 2 years later, we again go for an 
expansion because our order book is very high for some reason. We may see 
again production margins for 2 quarters because the expenses will precede 
the revenue coming in. That has to be factored in, in the future. But I think now 
any revenue increase will even further help us for the operating margins. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Joseph George from IIFL. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Joseph George: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. One is in relation to the aluminum segment margins -- 
aluminum segment within the stand-alone entity. So this quarter, we have seen 
that margins have shot up. So, one is what are the drivers? Second is, how is 
the sustainability as you see it? And third is, as the alloy wheel business 
continues to grow and becomes a larger piece of aluminum, do you think these 
kind of margins will sustain? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I'll answer the questions in a sequence and please come up with follow-up 
questions so that clarification is complete. One thing is the traditional aluminum 
business of Craftsman has got only 2 locations fundamentally. One is in 
Coimbatore and one is in Bangalore. And we are operating at optimum 
capacity already now. So, this is giving good operating leverage that is helping 
our profitability. 
 
Now the Bhiwadi plant, which was a drag on for almost 2, 3 quarters, I would 
say, 3 quarters, and now at least it has been EBITDA positive, but not EBIT 
positive, I would say, but EBITDA positive. So that drag has stopped. And now 
that we expect Bhiwadi, aluminum alloy wheel also to start giving some 
margins at EBIT level. So, still the portion of the -- even though alloy wheel has 
been ramping up, the portion of the alloy wheel business has been only around 
INR50 crores in the last quarter when compared to the top line revenue on the 
aluminum business, which has been around INR377 crores. That means it's 
around less than 15 -- 14%, which I mentioned, 13%, 14%. 
 
So the plant of Bhiwadi has been placed in a bigger location where Sunbeam 
Gurgaon plant also has been shifted and the adjacent plot and building have 
been allocated to Sunbeam. So, our overheads are reasonably well controlled 
because the Tapukara plant of Sunbeam is also hardly 10 minutes away from 
the current Bhiwadi plant, totally.  
So, this sort of better operating leverage will lead to the alloy wheel margins 
also being improving steadily as the revenue growth in alloy wheel happens 
because the entire overhead of the plant is not a stand-alone alloy wheel plant. 
So, that is an advantage there because now we have pressure die casting.  
 
We are also contemplating in the future whether large tonnage machines of 
Craftsman high pressure die casting, we want to put it up there or not. So as a 
composite plant, we are confident about the alloy wheel project. 
 
Joseph George: 
Understood, sir. Just one question -- rather the second question was on 
relation to capex. So, what's the guidance for capex for FY '26 on a 
consolidated basis? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
On a consolidated basis, we are looking at around INR800 crores for, say, 
around 20%, 25% -- 20% growth rate, which we have factored in, in our capex 
plans. So the way I look at is that it depends on what happens in the near 
future. For example, we have announced the plant in Nagpur way back in, say, 
'21 and it still is in the land stage. So, there is opportunities which are coming, 
we are not really concerned about doing a little capex. But I would say that we 
are very careful with the group debt. So now when the land sale happens at 
Gurgaon and then we see visibility of debt coming down quite dramatically, 
then we may undertake capex if the opportunity is there. Otherwise, we may 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
have to let go the opportunity also. So, this will be a function of the market and 
our performance. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi 
Institutional Equities. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Sir, on the storage side, we had a target about 20% growth for this year. We 
maintain guidance and also for the margin over 5% should be achievable, right, 
sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think we can look at an EBITDA margin of around close to 4%, up and down. 
I'm not sure exactly because it depends on project to project. It's not an order 
book, which is there when we can have our margins very stable, but we are 
gaining traction there and more visibility in the market. And even today, if you 
look at the revenue portion, it looks big, but I think the amount of capital 
employed is negligible there. So when you look at the valuation portion of it as 
a whole of Craftsman stand-alone itself, it is very less. 
So, I think we will be giving it a little more time to look at, but it's a scalable 
business. That is one advantage that without capital, we can scale the 
business. So, since now we are now 5 years into this business, I would rather 
give it another 6 months to 1 year and then look at it how we will be able to 
scale it to the next level. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: And for the top line growth, sir, how would be the growth, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Top line growth, just give me a minute, please. Around 15%, sir. 15% is the top 
line growth. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it, sir. Sir, and on the full-year target, which we earlier shared about INR70 
billion revenue and INR11 billion EBITDA and INR6.5 billion to INR7 billion 
EBIT, do you see any change in the guidance, sir, in the full year? Or any 
upside, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, nothing changes. I have given these numbers even before all the tariff wars 
started, it was much before that. And this is the first time we have given 
guidance. And why we've given the guidance is that there's a big change in our 
business model, per se. So for everybody to understand where it look like after 
1 year we have given.  
 
And we are at that run rate, and there may be some headwinds in the global 
markets or anything. We had also a near-war situation, which was stopped at 
least. So, we stick to the guidance. I don't see any change to downgrade the 
guidance. There can be an upside depending on how Q4 behaves. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it, sir. And sir, lastly, can you share what is the absolute net debt number 
for this quarter -- end of this quarter, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Pardon? 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Net debt number end of June. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Debt number? Okay. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Yes, net debt number. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Net debt. Okay. Net debt consolidated is around INR2,400 crores. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick H from Sundaram Mutual 
Fund. 
 
Ajox Frederick H: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, my question is on Sunbeam. If I'm 
right, you mentioned the quarterly revenue to be INR291 crores, right, for this 
quarter? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. 
 
Ajox Frederick H: 
And what was this last year and last quarter, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Last quarter, because the previous year, we are not in operation. 
 
Ajox Frederick H: 
In the last quarter? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. Q4 was around INR300 crores. 
 
Ajox Frederick H: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, incrementally, will we be increasing our client base here? 
Or what is the visibility we have, particularly on Sunbeam's case, let's say, 1 
year out? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
One year is too short a period for us to look at it because you know that we are 
-- the next 6 months or 9 months will be on a consolidation basis. So, we might 
not be very keen to add clients in Sunbeam. Of course, there are clients are 
being added in Craftsman. We have an overlap there on this matter, but we 
are more on the high tonnage. Their end tonnage and our start tonnage is more 
or less matching. 
 
So, we will address it either from Craftsman or from Sunbeam as the time 
comes totally. Our idea is how to satisfy our existing clients on delivery and 
quality, which is most important going forward and also reduce the operational 
cost in the plant and improve operational efficiency. So without that, we don't 
want to really expand the Sunbeam operations until we are very sure about the 
stability in the financial results and also our deliverable to the customer. 
 
Ajox Frederick H: 
Got it, sir. And secondly, sir, on the land, we were supposed to sell it sometime 
this year, right? Now it's getting shifted to next year? Or what is happening 
there? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, nothing is happening there. See, we just got the AGM through and we got 
the approval only last week. So, we cannot jump the gun and start trying to do 
that activity. And you are aware that the process -- there is some portion of the 
land, which will be acquired by the Haryana government for some expansion, 
which we have received some notices last month. So, we are analyzing that. 
We know that it's coming. So it's around 10% of the land. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
So after that, what is the residual land, what's the value? We are trying to 
analyze the value. We know that we have put a number of INR350 crores. It 
was earlier looked at around INR275 crores, then it was INR350 crores, which 
is in our Sunbeam annual report also on this matter. We are trying to maximize 
the value. Trying to sell land in a hurry also is a problem that we might not get 
the right price. What is on public domain is INR350 crores, but our aspiration 
is to go much higher. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kumar Saurabh from Scientific Investing. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sir, earlier we used to work around 20%, 21% margin, and we have come down 
to 14%. And I know in previous con calls, you have told that we may go back 
to 16%, 17%. But what is it which is stopping us from moving back to 20%? Is 
it like earlier we used to do more machine and that the mix will decrease? The 
question is what is the gap? Where is the gap between 16%, 17% to 20%? 
And is there a way to fill this gap or 17% is where we would stop? Or I mean, 
you will take it as time progresses rather than giving guidance? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Sorry, I will try to answer that in a different way where everybody can 
understand very easily. Stand-alone on the Powertrain business, today, we 
buy more castings than we used to do in the past. Even then our Powertrain 
business is showing much more than the 20% margins, much higher than the 
20%. So, aluminum business was non-existent around 10 years ago, and it 
was a small portion of the aluminum business. So, that means predominantly 
Powertrain was determining the EBITDA margins. 
 
The product mix has changed. Aluminum has become quite big now. The 
revenue on the aluminum is quite big. So, that means that the aluminum is a 
pass-through. So, our margins do not come from top line at all. Our margins 
come from the derived from the gross profit. So tomorrow, aluminum prices 
increased by 50%, our margins optimally will further come down totally. So, 
please look at our gross margin and then derive from the gross margin, where 
margin, I think we have been pretty stable over the number of years. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Alf Accurate Advisors. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, in this quarter, we have seen that the finance cost has gone down quarter-
on-quarter basis. While you have mentioned that the net debt has increased 
from INR1,900 crores to INR2,400 crores. So, just wanted to reconfirm that net 
debt has INR2,400 crores or it is lower than that? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
3 acquisitions happened in the last year. The balance 24%... 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, but your voice dropped. Could you please repeat your 
answer? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. Last year, we did 3 acquisitions, the 24% of DR, the Sunbeam acquisition 
and also the Fronberg acquisition. And we had 2 greenfield projects coming up 
last year, and we had capex in almost all the plants. So it is a question of how 
much outflow has gone for acquisitions and how much capex we have incurred. 
So the debt has been a function of that. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So then at the end of the year FY '26, what kind of the debt reduction we can 
expect? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, debt we measure with the level of net debt to EBITDA. I think that ratio 
will keep improving. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. So, do you have any target for the debt reduction for the next 2 years? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So the aspiration is, from our side, we are doing a fine balancing act between 
customer growth expectations. And if you say no to customer, customer will 
find another supplier who will also take away, over a period of time, all the new 
businesses, which will lead to degrowth in Craftsman. Second thing is to 
maintain all the, I would say, the key personnel and things like that. We need 
to have growth. 
 
The third portion is that we have an inflation of 6% in the country. So, growing 
at 6% to 8% means standing at the same still. So, we'll be on a declining level 
of margins as and when we do. Second thing is there is expectation of 
shareholders that there should be a growth in profitability going forward. So, I 
think the net debt and everything will be -- always we'll be looking at net debt 
to EBITDA. It's not the absolute debt we are looking at it. 
 
See, suppose the EBITDA drops to half, then I think we will stop all capex, all 
acquisitions, everything like that. At the same time, if EBITDA grows quite 
significantly in the coming year, so we may keep the debt level at the same 
level or maybe lesser because we might not do capex, then the debt will also 
reduce further. So, I think we have mentioned in our earlier earnings call also 
at what level we will be comfortable. I think 1, 1.5 is very comfortable. I think 2 
is not a bad number. All financial institutions, all lending institutions look at 3.5, 
3. So, I think we are on a reasonable traction. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. And next question is on the revenue target for the aluminum segment 
when all plant would be operational in FY '27 with full listing? So, just wanted 
to understand how would be the revenue growth in FY '27 because all plants 
will be operational and plus the serving will be with a full listing. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We will be outgrowing the Powertrain in the aluminum segment. Aluminum 
segment will outgrow the Powertrain. That is very clear on this matter, stand-
alone as well as consolidated. And aluminum, we have been always saying 
that the growth potential is quite high. And we have shown from the past as the 
stand-alone number on the aluminum, what has been the growth for aluminum 
quarter-on-quarter? 56% has been the growth compared to Q1 of last year to 
Q1 of this year that means stand-alone, I mean. That is without -- with a small 
contribution. 
 
Even when you remove that INR50-odd crores of the alloy wheel business, 
even then we look at it, the growth has been -- around 34% has been the 
growth in the stand-alone aluminum business, apple-to-apple. So, I think 
around 15%, 20% growth on the stand-alone aluminum business without alloy 
wheel and alloy wheel itself will be another growth story, which we are looking 
at. So the growth will continue, yes. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
That means the 20% growth will continue for the next 2, 3 years in the 
aluminum business? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I mean without alloy wheel itself, we will continue at 20%. Alloy wheel adding 
will lead to some surges in some quarters, then it should stabilize. So overall, 
I think when you look at the CAGR for 4 years, then I think 20% to 25% is okay. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. And my last question is tax rate. So, what would be the tax rate for FY 
'26, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Everything will be same as Craftsman and DR is concerned, which is for all 
companies. Sunbeam, we have some tax shield, which is there. We have some 
unabsorbed depreciation. I think the tax portion will be around INR100 crores, 
INR140 crores, something like this. Yes. 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, that means that tax rate would go below 20%? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, for DR Axion and Craftsman, it will be the same as applicable for all 
companies. For Sunbeam alone, we have a tax shield for some few years, 
which will be around INR100-odd crores tax will be available on unabsorbed 
depreciation of around INR400 crores. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital. 
 
Mitul Shah: 
So, only one question on global macros based on our discussion with a few 
key global OEMs. Do you see any near-term deferment of the projects or capex 
for next 2, 3 quarters? Of course, we are betting big on the FY '28 onwards for 
us. But in general, just to understand the global environment of the auto OEM 
side. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, we have to look at specifically the weather forecast for Craftsman, I would 
say. I think our -- even though we are connected to the global business 
fraternity, how our customers perform is the key and what is our customer 
strategy and whether they are winning in the marketplace.  
 
We have one German truck manufacturer who is also a customer who has 
announced in the public domain in the global platform itself that India is going 
to be a growth story and a few thousands of people are going to be hired here, 
and they are going to use the medium-duty platform across the rest of the 
world. This has been a listed company giving a public statement in the global 
environment. So, this means that the customer is going to grow. That means 
there can be an opportunity for us. 
 
Similarly, we may have a few customers, whether it's in the 2-wheeler or 
passenger vehicle, which are growing. So when they're growing, we need to 
do that. I mean, they are growing in despite of the global headwinds. So, we 
follow the current customer base and we follow our instinct on exactly how the 
market is going to play. 
  
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
We are not taking any long-term just a strategic bet, just like investing for the 
future. Everything is based on hard reality. There can be upside, there can be 
downside because there can be changes in the market environment. But if we 
don't follow the customer, I think we'll default on our supplies. 
 
Mitul Shah: 
So conclusively, we can say that our key customers are outperforming or 
outgrowing the industry situation of slowdown? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Not all customers. Commercial vehicle in general has been down. So it is not 
that we have done. Tractors, almost everybody is doing well. Construction is 
not doing well. But I think wherever there is a need on that particular segment, 
that particular plant, that particular product, we need to invest. It is not about 
capex available in our Coimbatore plant, cannot be used in our plant in 
Jamshedpur, not in Pune. We may then have to move the machines up and 
down. Yes, we have done that in the past. But I think this depends on actual 
demand only. 
 
Mitul Shah: 
Yes. Understood, sir. Sir, as you just highlighted in terms of this sale of land at 
Gurgaon, but what timeline roughly you as a company internally expect to get 
it done in FY '26 itself or it may take nearly 1 year type of time frame to 
maximize the fair value? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, sorry, I'll decline on this matter. If I put a timeline, you know very well how 
it works in this business that we may lose on the value of the land. So, we are 
not desperate to sell the land and we know that we can delay it as long as we 
get the right value. It's not a problem. It's a question of value -- time value for 
money. And if we think that by delaying, we'll get more than the interest what 
we are paying to the bank, I think we will delay it. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the 
participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi for closing 
comments. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you very much for joining the call and staying with us for this time. Thank 
you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Craftsman Automation Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes) 
