011-48440050 
fr) 
HitecH 
B 
pIPES 
e 
www.hitechSiSes:il: 
BUILDING 
A NEW INDIA 
Date: 13/08/2025 
To, 
Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex- Bandra (E), 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai — 400 051 
Mumbai — 400 001 
NSE Symbol: HITECH 
Scrip Code: 543411 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, August 08, 2025 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
With reference to our letter dated August 05, 2025 regarding the intimation of Analyst/ Investor 
Conference Call on the Un-Audited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) for the First 
Quarter ended June 
30, 
2025. 
Please 
find enclosed 
herewith 
the Transcript 
of Earnings 
Conference Call held on Friday, August 08, 2025 at 04:00 P.M. 
The 
transcript 
of 
the 
conference 
call 
is 
available 
at 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
www.hitechpipes.in 
Kindly take the above information on records and oblige. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Hi-Tecth:%ﬁ,é&ﬁimsts LIMITED 
Arun Kumar 
Company Secretary 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Encl: ala 
MS PIPES & HOLLOW SECTIONS 
| GPGC SHEET & COLOR COATED COIL 
| GI & GP PIPES 
| CR COILS & STRIPS ——= 
HI-TECH PIPES LIMITED 
505, Pearls Omaxe Tower, Netaji Subhash Place, Pitampura, New Delhi -110034 
CIN: L27202DL1985PLC019750 
ARUN 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
ARUN KUMAR 
Date: 2025.08.13 
15:28:49 +05'30'

&) Hi-TeCH PIPES 
BUILDING 
A 
NEW 
INDIA 
“Hi-Tech Pipes Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2025 
&) Hi-TECH PIPES 
S ‘ 
: 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANISH BANSAL — WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR — HI- 
TECH P1PES LIMITED 
MR. ARVIND BANSAL — EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER — HI-TECH PIPES 
LIMITED 
MR. ARUN SHARMA — COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER — HI-TECH PIPES LIMITED 
Page1of 6

@ Hi-TeCH PIPES 
BUILDING 
A NEW INDIA 
Hi-Tech 
Pipes Limited 
Moderator: 
Anish Bansal: 
August 08, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call hosted by Hi- 
Tech Pipes Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anish Bansal, Whole-Time 
Director from Hi-Tech Pipes Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Bansal. 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
A very warm welcome to all of you, and thank you for 
joining us on the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Hi-Tech Pipes Limited. I'm joined 
today by Mr. Arvind Bansal, Executive Dircctor and Group CFO; and Mr. Arun Sharma, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
Let me take this opportunity to walk you through the highlights of our financial and operational 
performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. In Q1 FY 26, our revenue from operations 
stood at INR791 crores compared to INRS66 crores. Sales volume increased to 1.24 lakh tons 
compared to 1.22 lakh tons in the corresponding quarter last year, demonstrating our sustained 
‘market momentum. 
We recorded an EBITDA of INR41.03 crores and our profit after tax stood at INR21 crores, 
marking the highest ever quarterly PAT in the company’s history, a significant milestone and 
validation of our disciplined execution. On per ton basis, our EBITDA stood at INR3,308 
reflecting a notable improvement of 10% on quarter-on-quarter basis, driven by better product 
mix and improved realizations. 
Now let me provide an update on our ongoing capacity expansion initiatives, which will take us 
beyond 
1 million tons of installed capacity post commissioning. Our greenfield plant at 
Sikandrabad is in final stage of commissioning and is expected to begin commercial production 
in Q2 FY '26. This advanced facility will manufacture specialized ERW pipes catering to 
infrastructure, defense and renewable energy seotors and is set to significantly strengthen our 
presence in North India. 
Our brownficld expansion at Sanand Unit-IL, Phase 2, is also on track to commence production 
in Q2 FY '26. This facility is being developed as dedicated manufacturing hub for the 
infrastructure and renewable cncrgy segments. Encouragingly, we arc consistently witnessing 
strong order inflows from the rencwable energy sector, and our special grade pipes have been 
very well received in the market. This validates our strtegic focus on innovation and 
engincering excellence. 
‘We continue to enhance our product portfolio in the alignment with market needs and application 
trends. During the quarter, we added new SKUs across our product categorics, enabling us to 
cater to a broader spectrum of customers and expand our relevance in both infrastructure and 
industrial markets. 
Strengthening market presence remains a core priority. In Q1 FY 126, we exceuted our targeted 
door-to-door campaign across South India and North India, where our teams engage directly 
Page 2 0f 6

@ Hi-TeCH PIPES 
BUILDING 
A NEW INDIA 
Hi-Tech 
Pipes Limited 
Moderator: 
Nishant Gupta: 
Anish Bansal: 
Nishant Gupta: 
Anish Bansal: 
Nishant Gupta: 
Anish Bansal: 
August 08, 2025 
with fabricators, contractors, retailers and architeets. These cfforts are building client trust, 
customer loyalty and positioning High-Tech Pipes as a preferred name in key micro markets. 
Looking ahead, we remain committed to our vision of achicving 2 million tons of installed 
capacity by FY "2 in alignment with India's accelerating infrastructure and industrial growth. 
As part of this growth road map, we are also undertaking a strategic foray into API-grade pipe 
‘manufacturing aimed at significantly increasing our share of high-value, precision cngincered 
products. This initiative will be integrated into our 2 million ton vision. 
Currently, we arc 
in the process of finalizing vendors, technology tic-ups, infrastructure 
planning, quality certifications and compliance, ctestera. With the commissioning of upeoming 
capacities, deeper penetration into valie-added segments, 
a growing export footprint and 
continued cost discipline, High-Tech Pipes is well positioned 
to deliver sustainable, scalable and 
profitable growth. We now open the floor for any questions. Thark you. 
Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Nishant Gupta from Minerva 
Capital Research Solutions. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on posting the highest ever PAT. Sir, I wanted 
to understand first the new capacitics, which are coming from Q2 FY 26, What are we expecting 
in terms of the top line? And how going forward we sce the contribution of valuc-added products 
in the fature, if you could clarify this? 
So basically, this ~ both the facilities in Sikandrabad and Sanand, the cumulative capacity is 
around 250,000 tons anmually. And with this, we are hopeful that in the first year, we'll have a 
50% utilization from these, both the expanded capacitics. So, this is the volume growth that we 
are looking at from Q3 onwards. 
Secondly, when it comes to value addition, so both the projccts are focused mainly towards high 
valuc-added products, whether it is rencwable cnergy sector side or some defense pipes that we 
have identified and some special SKUs and coated products. So, this added capacity is mainly 
in the valuc addition segment. So, we are hopeful once these capacities come up and we'll have 
a good room for our EBITDA margin growth. 
So, sir, can we sce this value-added products which you - in your investor presentation of 37% 
probably go up to, let's say, 45% long term 45%. Can we sce that going forward? 
Yes, yes. For sure. We arc looking upwards of 45% with this expanded capacity. 
Sir, could you also clarify, so there was, the volume still grew, but the top line contracted. I 
believe the prices were a bit of a concern. So, going forward, sir, what s the optimal operating 
profit margin that we can sce once the value-added products share start to go up? 
Yes, Nishant. So, the volumes have gone up, but the total revenue has come because, has come 
down because of the steel price fluctuations and volatility compared to last year. And what we 
sce is like, you know how the tariffs arc playing in the international market, and it is having its 
Page 30f 6

@ Hi-TeCH PIPES 
BUILDING 
A NEW INDIA 
Hi-Tech 
Pipes Limited 
Nishant Gupta: 
Anish Bansal: 
Nishant Gupta: 
Anish Bansal: 
Nishant Gupta: 
Moderator: 
August 08, 2025 
impact on the steel prices also globally. So, these prices are still not stabilized and they are 
fluctuating quite rapidly. 
So, we arc keeping an eye on this. But L certainly fecl the prices where we are right now operating 
at, these arc like in the bottom range only. So, I don't sce any further deterioration in the steel 
prices from here on. And if the Indian government increases the safeguard duty or if there s any 
other import restriction mechanism, then that will aid stecl price hike. So, we'll have to wait it 
out. 
Got i, sir. Got it. Any impact on your order book? So, to say you are sceing because of these 
tariffs, a lot of export, at least on the export side, I mean people have started to sce issucs, but 
you are saying that there is a very strong demand still in the renewable sector, which we are 
sceing. So, any issucs that you have started to foresce in your end-customers' demand with these 
tariffs and everything or any deferment of orders which have started to happen or any intimation 
around that? 
So, Nishant, this is a bit interesting for our sector. So, what has happened is, U.S. has placed 
uniform tariff 
of 50% on steel and steel products across all the nations. So, India is also in that 
50% category like any other country? So now it's sort of a level playing field for any other 
country which is outside of U.S., which is willing to export to the U.S. market. 
So, we are in the same bracket. So, no other country enjoys extra benefit compared to another 
one. So, this is a slight positive for the - for our sector. And going forward, once this dust settles 
of tariffs and everything, I think we will have some opportunity in the U.S. matket. 
Got i, sir. Got it. Just one final question from my side before Ifall back. So, what is the optimal 
margins that you expeet, like once the steel prices stabilize and things come back to normal? 
Obriously, it will take some time, but what is the optimal operating profit margins that you're 
targeting internally, which you can probably share that this is something that we are looking a? 
Tt can be a long- term target, but still, what is something that we are looking at? 
Nishant, with our new product development focus, new markets, international matkets, now we 
are going in API segment. We launched new jumbo sections in last quarter. So, if the markets 
had been well aligned and perfect, INR4,500 to INRS,000 EBITDA is not an impossible farget 
for us. But once this volatility comes down, I think we'll be in that range pretty shortly. 
But to give exact idea is difficult right now because we see every month fluctuations happening. 
But once this stables and with our, this new capacity that is coming up, upwards of INR4,000 s 
not a very big deal. So, we are just waiting for things to settle down, the prices, steel prices to 
stabilize. 
Fine sir. Thank you for taking my question. I will fall back in the queue. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Soham with RV Ivestments. Please go 
ahead. 
Page 4 of 6

@ Hi-TeCH PIPES 
BUILDING 
A NEW INDIA 
Hi-Tech 
Pipes Limited 
Soham: 
Anish Bansal: 
Moderator: 
Aadesh Mehta: 
Anish Bansal: 
Aadesh Mehta: 
Anish Bansal: 
Aadesh Mehta: 
Anish Bansal: 
Aadesh Mehta: 
Anish Bansal: 
Aadesh Mehta: 
Anish Bansal: 
August 08, 2025 
Sir, Ijoined in a bit late. Any guidance for FY 126 on the volume side? 
Soham, the current run rate s around 1.25 lakh tons. And this new capacity that we are, so we 
are operating at a pretty much at an optimal level right now. And with this commissioning of 
both the new facilities, we are hoping a 50% tilization from these facilitics going forward. So 
anywhere between 5.5 lakh to 6 lakh tons is a volume number that we are looking at. 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aadesh Mehta from Motilal Oswal AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir, just wanted to understand with this volume of around 1,24,000 tons, which we did this 
quarter, what do we think and plus with the new plants also getting operational, how will the 
volume ramp-up be quarter-on-quarter going ahead? We understand that full year ramp-up can 
be anywhere between 5.5 to 6, but what is the quarterly trajectory? 
So, Aadeshji, we are looking at approximately 30,000 tons from both the facilities ona quarterly 
basis to start with, and this will be ramped up quarter-on-quarter. But this is, 30,000 tons, we are 
quite confident that in the first quarter itsclf, we'll do a 30,000 tons volume from these facilitics 
in the first quarter. 
Okay. So, first quarter will be 2Q, right? 
First quarter will be Q3. 
Q3. Okay. So 2Q will also be flattish, sir? 
So Q3 will be approximately in this range if this facility come in like late of August as we are 
thinking. So, there might be some incremental volume for this quarter. 
Got it. Got it. So basically, even next quarter, we'll be doing around 124,000, right? 
Sir, as I said, if we are able to commission it in this month and so we'll have one month in our 
hand, and we are hopeful that some quantity should come for this quarter also. But to a definite 
mumber, it will be slightly difficult, it will be premature right now. But there will be definitcly, 
there will be some addition. 
Okay, sir. And sir, what is your, so we are sceing Y-0-Y, our EBITDA per ton has also corrected. 
What is our understanding of margins and where can it go ahead going forward? 
See sir, there is INR100, INR150 per ton dip is there. This is mainly due to the steel price 
volatility that is happening right now. So, prices are not stable. International prices, they went 
down. But even then, we have managed to not get affccted by that. And for the branding, like a 
lot of big companics’ expenditure s going in branding also. But once this stabilizes, this will go 
up. 
And with this new, as 
I mentioned carlicr, with these new two plants, this 
is mainly these 
products from both the plants will be focused towards value- added segment. And our share of 
Page 5of 6

@ Hi-TeCH PIPES 
BUILDING 
A NEW INDIA 
Hi-Tech 
Pipes Limited 
August 08, 2025 
valuc-added products from 37%, 38% will go up to 45% with this cxpanded capacity. So, all in 
all so like coming quarters should be quite healthy for the company. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to M. 
Anish Bansal for the closing comments. 
Anish Bansal: 
Thank you. On behalf of the Board and the entire leadership team, 
I would like to extend my 
sincere appreciation to all our stakeholders, sharcholders, employees, customers and business 
partnrs for your umwavering trust and support. We look forward to building a stronger, more 
innovative and future-ready Hi-Tech Pipes. Thank you. 
Moderator 
‘Thank you, sir. On behalf of Hi- Tech Pipes Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 6 of 6
