IGL/SE/2025-26/37 
 
15th August, 2025 
 
The Manager (Listing) 
 
 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,  
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street,                                                  Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
                        Mumbai- 400 051                                                             
 
 
Scrip Code: 500201  
 
 
Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Q1FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call 
 
 
Further to our letters bearing no. IGL/SE/2025-26/29, IGL/SE/2025-26/34 and 
IGL/SE/2025-26/35 dated 31st July and 11th & 11th August, 2025 respectively and 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call for Q1FY26 held on Monday, 11th August 2025 is 
attached. 
 
 
This 
same 
is 
also 
being 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
www.indiaglycols.com.  
 
 This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
 
For India Glycols Limited 
 
 
 
Ankur Jain 
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
ANKUR JAIN
Digitally signed by 
ANKUR JAIN 
Date: 2025.08.15 
20:54:40 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“India Glycols Limited  
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RUPARK SARSWAT – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. ANAND SINGHAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. RAJESH MARWAHA – HEAD SALES & MARKETING (BSPC)  
MR. S.K. SHUKLA – HEAD LIQUOR BUSINESS 
MR. ANKUR JAIN – HEAD (LEGAL) AND COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. NITIN AWASTHI – INCRED EQUITIES 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to India Glycols Limited Q1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by InCred Equities.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be 
an opportunity to ask the questions once the management presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*”, then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Awasthi from InCred Equities. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Awasthi. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Firstly, I would like to thank the Management 
for giving us this opportunity to host the conference call today and also congratulate 
them on a good set of numbers.  
We are joined on this call with the India Glycols' Management represented by Mr. 
Rupark Sarswat, who is the CEO; Mr. Anand Singhal – the CFO, Mr. Rajesh Marwaha 
– Head Sales and Marketing (BSPC), Mr. S.K. Shukla – Head Liquor Business, and 
Mr. Ankur Jain – Head (Legal) and Company Secretary. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Rupark to initiate the proceedings with his opening 
remarks, post which we shall open the floor for a Q&A session. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. Good afternoon, everybody. And thank you for joining us. So, we have uploaded 
two versions of the presentation. So, before you start getting confused about it, you can 
look at either. There were just two minor points which are in the latest version in terms 
of uploading the prior one got uploaded. So, even if you have printed the earlier one or 
if you looked at the earlier one, there is no major change, you need not bother. But 
obviously, you might see two presentations getting uploaded, I thought I will clarify 
so that there is no confusion.  
And as you know, we will talk about briefly the performance of the company: 
So, we have had a good quarter, as you know. So, we have had a strong performance 
for the quarter with a net revenue which is up 7%. More importantly, the EBITDA 
growth is very strong at 18% and PAT growth is at 21%. So, you have seen a gross 
revenue go up from Rs. 2,283 crores to Rs. 2,503 crores, 10% up; net revenue to Rs. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
1,040 crores from Rs. 969 crores, 7% up. EBITDA Rs. 151 crores from Rs. 128 crores, 
18% up and PAT to Rs. 73 crores from Rs. 60 crores, 21% up.  
From a margin perspective also, it has been good. So, our EBITDA margins are up 128 
basis points. PAT margins are up 80 basis points. In terms of the revenue growth, I 
think we are very happy to report great growth in both the Potable Spirits and the Bio-
Fuel segments. It has been a weaker kind of quarter for Chemicals and Ennature 
Biopharma. But when you look at chemicals, while the overall margin growth is 
actually better than the weakness in the sales growth. And in terms of percentage 
margins or the mix, we have seen improvement both in potable spirits as well as BSPC. 
And as I will tell you a little later, the joint venture performance has also been very 
good, which has contributed to the overall results.  
So, to summarize, in terms of net revenue, our Bio-Fuel's top line is up by 45% to Rs. 
348 crores. Our Potable Spirits revenue is up by 22% to Rs. 342 crores. Ennature 
Biopharma at Rs. 51 crores. And Chemicals or BSPC stands at Rs. 300 crores.  
So, EBITDA margins have increased to 17.7%, to be precise, to Rs. 151 crores from 
Rs. 128 crores. And as I mentioned, that has expanded by 128 basis points. For Potable 
Spirits, our EBIT margins have improved from 17.5% to 21.1%. For Chemicals, our 
EBIT margins have expanded from 9.9% to 10.9%. Of course, there are several factors, 
but from an operating business, the EBITDA margin improvement in chemicals has 
been better. Our PAT stands at Rs. 73 crores with margins at 7.0% against 6.2% last 
year. And we have had a very good increase in terms of the profit that we post from 
the joint venture, which is up 73.7% year-on-year to Rs. 19 crores from Rs. 11 crores. 
In terms of overall financials, I have more or less highlighted them, so I will not go 
through the entire sheet. Several other points with respect to financial parameters, I 
will ask my colleague, our CFO – Mr. Singhal, to talk to you about later. At a high 
level, I think we have continued to see a solid performance in Country Liquor, which 
is a good part of our Potable Spirits business. And we continue to be both reputed and 
a robust business with Bunty Bubli being recognized as the highest selling any brand 
of liquor in the country. Despite being a strong shareholder in Uttarakhand and UP, we 
have increased our shares in Uttarakhand marginally, and we have kind of maintained 
our close leadership position, which we have had in UP.  
We have talked about it before. Our Amrut partnership has been gaining momentum. 
I think we have settled down in terms of getting that partnership going, and we are 
starting to see good momentum in UP, Uttarakhand, Delhi, and we are increasing our 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
focus on premium brands. And one of the important objectives for us this year is also 
to enter the CSD, which is the Canteen Services Department.  
Within the Chemical space, I will talk a little bit about the businesses. But from a 
highlight perspective, we have a new value-added Performance Chemicals business, 
which is still small. But just to let you know that that is growing very well, and we are 
quite confident of the business pipeline that we have put in place. In fact, in select 
areas, we are doing incremental capacity expansions. And I think the indicators from 
our perspective are that this will continue to drive growth in the quarters and years to 
come. 
For the joint venture also, there was very strong sales growth, excellent profit growth 
numbers. I think several factors have helped. One is that there has been a reduction in 
the EO price gap vis-a-vis Reliance, and we have seen much higher gap numbers 
earlier. And the JV obviously also has been focusing on what products they can bring 
from Clariant worldwide to position them in the Indian market, which is the imported 
products. That portfolio has increased and also helped to increase margins. In general, 
manufacturing in Kashipur also continues to focus on more innovation, more 
formulations, more value-added products. And I think that strategy is more or less in 
terms of the plan. And I think we have come back from tough situations over the last 
couple of years ago to the JV starting to look neat and tidy and doing well. And so, 
from a sales perspective, I think JV sales are also up in double digits. EBITDA is up 
in high double digits or well in excess of that.  
And as you know, 12th August 2025, has been fixed as a record date for determining 
the entitlements of eligible equity shareholders for the purpose of subdivision split of 
equity shares of the company. And I think these are areas which we will talk about 
later.  
Let me give you a high-level input on our segmental performance for our Performance 
Chemicals business: 
Our top line has not done so well. It has been a weak quarter, and I will talk about it a 
little later. So, our turnover is down to about Rs. 300 crores, whereas for the Bio-Fuels 
business it is up from Rs. 239 crores to Rs. 348 crores, with EBIT margins at 6.5% in 
Q1FY26. The Chemicals business has EBIT margins of 10.9%. For the Potable Spirits 
business, top line up to Rs. 342 crores from Rs. 280 crores and EBIT margin is up from 
17.5% to 21.1%. For Ennature Biopharma, margins have been under pressure, sales 
have been weak and so have been the margins for this business.  

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
So, we have some amount of portfolio shift that has been happening. So, you see that 
compared to other segments, the Potable Spirits business and the Bio-Fuels business 
have taken a larger share, both in terms of revenue or EBIT this year, which is more or 
less in line with our expectations. But we do think we have a strategy in place which 
is working for the Chemicals business as well as the Ennature Biopharma business.  
So, let me start by talking about the Chemicals business: 
So, we achieved a Rs. 300 crores top line with an EBIT of Rs. 33 crores, margin 
expanded by 100 basis points to 10.9%. I mentioned to you about Performance 
Chemicals and the strong growth by the joint venture, we sell ethylene oxide into the 
joint venture. Some of the areas in the Chemical segment have been under pressure. 
While we continue to sell glycols in niche markets, the gap with respect to crude-based 
MEG has increased, which means while there is still interest for green MEG, but if the 
gap continues to be high, there is increased pressure.  
Crude prices have been lower, which means crude-based MEG prices have been lower. 
The demand for PET, PET resin, etc., has been softer. Having said that, I think at a 
more longer-term level, we continue to believe that MEG will continue to see steady 
growth. More importantly, greener MEG of which plant-based MEG is one part is 
expected to see double-digit growth over the period of time.  
In the Potable Spirits business, our revenue is up to Rs. 342 crores, up 22.4%. EBIT at 
Rs. 72 crores is up 47.4%, and margins are up at 21.1%.  
We have been focusing since last year on the partnership with Amrut because that gives 
us an opportunity to look at premium brands and acquire some brands which Amrut 
had not been focusing on as they focus more on their single malts, and it allows us to 
move up the value chain.  Our focus so far has been UP, Uttarakhand and Delhi. And 
we have now included Amrut's Prestige Whiskey, which also in addition to others, we 
shall be adding to manufacturing, bottling and marketing that IGL shall be doing for 
these brands on a royalty basis. I spoke to you about strong performance in Country 
Liquor with our flagship brand, Bunty Bubli, continuing to be the highest selling any 
liquor brand in India for three consecutive years. 
In a newer segment that we had entered last year, we have seen strong growth, which 
is the Paramilitary segment, where we have strengthened our sales position and where 
IGL now supplies five brands and is amongst top four suppliers out of the 66 
companies that had participated. We have also introduced some of our in-house brands 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
like Zumba Lemoni, Amazing Vodka in Kerala, which we consider a high potential 
market and also a market where we would like to increase sales for some of these 
relatively premium brands. We continue to hold leadership position, as I mentioned, in 
Country Liquor and IMFL, I mentioned that before.  
We have spoken about the Bio-Fuel strategy before. I think it is something that we take 
some satisfaction in. Many of you have been attending our calls for the last three-plus 
years when we have been speaking about the Bio-Fuel segment. So, by and large, I 
think the government's strategy to blend Biofuels starting from 2017 onwards has been 
very robust. It has more or less gone as per plan. In fact, the initial plan of blending 
20% was to be there by 2030, that was preponed to 2025. And as far as I know, we are 
well on track to deliver in '25.  
Now when we say 20% blending, it does not mean that 20% is happening throughout 
the country. There are some portions, for example, in Northeast where blending is 
lower. But it means that in several big states up to 20% blending has been achieved. 
An empowered set of personnel from ministry, along with NITI Aayog, are looking at 
enhancing the blending to anywhere between 25% to 30% by 2030. There are signs 
that, to some extent, government is likely to move that forward.  
But I think we will wait for the final call, and which essentially means that the Bio-
Fuels business is expected to continue to grow. One, because of increased 
consumption; second, because of increased penetration across the country; and thirdly, 
if there is an increased blending mandate. And the more India looks at energy 
independence, I think that is one more added factor to continue to drive this forward, 
looking also at FOREX outputs.  
The Ennature Biopharma segment broadly has two big molecules, thiocolchicoside and 
nicotine and various derivatives of them. Two of them have been facing some 
challenges, primarily because of slowing demand in terms of the developed country 
markets. Thiocolchicoside particularly goes via Turkey to EU. Nicotine demand is 
there, but there's also capacity and there are a number of new entrants that is putting 
some margin pressure.  
But broadly, the strategy of the company has been to continue to come with 
differentiated products on purity profiling, continue to get regulatory approvals to 
participate in developed markets like U.S., Europe, Japan. We made good progress in 
that area. Continue to look at our formulations and the branded portfolio. So, whilst 
this particular business has been under pressure, but I think the broad strategy has been 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
very clear, we will continue to maintain the market but look at differentiation, 
registrations and regulatory qualifications, branded and formulated products to drive 
this business forward. 
You have all heard about restructuring. I will just talk about the rationale. You are 
aware of it. And I think greater details, if you have any questions on it, my colleague 
Mr. Singhal will take it. Broadly, the idea has been to look at our businesses to enhance 
value. The idea is to put together Potable Spirits business and the ethanol or the Bio-
Fuel business together into one business, which will be called IGL Spirits. To put the 
Chemicals business, value-added Chemicals business and the Clariant JV into one 
cluster. Clariant JV, I think because that sells chemicals and the profit from the joint 
ventures come into that entity. And to put Ennature Biopharma along with the 
biopolymers business into another business.  
The idea is that different investors have different appetites for different kind of 
businesses. So, that gives us an opportunity to ride these businesses with different 
strategies satisfying how different investors may have interest in different businesses. 
Whilst we will continue to build on some synergies that we have because of the 
proximity of our plants and the integration of our business models that exist. There are 
some numbers to share, which have already been shared.  
I will take a pause here and see that I may have missed out, particularly on the financial 
front because I have just given a very high-level overview. I will request Anand ji to 
give some more details and take your questions. 
Anand Singhal: 
So, I think the results are already with all the investors. And just to read out the brief. 
So, on the consolidated basis, I think the CEO sir has already briefed. 
EBITDA vis-à-vis Q1 in the current quarter is almost about 18% up, amounting to Rs. 
151 crores vis-à-vis Rs. 128 crores in Q1 last year. The PAT is Rs. 73 crores vis-à-vis 
Rs. 60 crores in Q1 in the last year, which is up by 21%. And the EPS for the current 
quarter is Rs. 23.7, which is again up by 21% in the last year for Q1.  
So, this is very brief I am giving and ready to take the question and answer. Because I 
am not taking much time, I will request to start the question-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much.  We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. 
Please proceed. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir, my first question 
in the Potable Spirits side, I think we have seen highest selling brand of Bunty Bubli, 
I just want to understand how this dominance is sustainable. And secondly, we are 
focusing on especially in Delhi, Haryana and targeting Paramilitary in CSD channels 
and how these channels are picking up? And thirdly, in the Amrut side, we are targeting 
Rs. 850 to Rs. 1,100 in that range for our brands. And how these things are getting 
adaptable in the market? And finally, if you could share what is the breakup between 
IMFL and Country Liquor, approximately that would be. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, Bala, thank you. You have given us a question paper. I have my colleague, Raju ji 
here, but I will try and answer just the first one, which is strong Bunty Bubli. And I 
will request Shukla ji. Shukla ji, are you there? 
Shashi Kant Shukla: 
Yes, sir. I am here. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Shukla ji, so their question was, how have you managed to be number one in Bunty 
Bubli? And how do you think that will be sustained? So, I would request you to respond 
that. I was not sure if you are there. So, yes, please. And then I think you and Raju ji 
can take the remaining. 
S.K. Shukla: 
Okay. Thank you. So, Bunty Bubli is the brand which came in the picture in 2006. And 
after 2006, because we are growing this brand approximately 15% to 20% every year. 
And the peculiar character of this brand is made from the rose and lime, which is more 
comfortable to the drinkers. So, that's why in the Country Liquor segment, the liquor 
is in three categories, 25-degree, 36 degree and 42.8 volume by volume strength. And 
in all strength, this brand is the most favorable brand because customers liking is 
growing day by day. And our size is currently approximately we are holding more than 
the 24% to 25% the share. And amongst the share, this brand is around 16%. So, this 
is undoubtedly the most favored brand in the Country Liquor segment, especially in 
UP. Raju ji, over to you. 
Raju Vaziraney: 
Hello. The next question was on Delhi and Paramilitary and other segments, how are 
we growing? See, Delhi is a very safe market as far as payments are concerned, it's 
well known. And Delhi, I take satisfaction in mentioning that we are in three segments 
in particular. One is the regular segment where our Soulmate Blue is among the top 
three brands in the state of Delhi, and we command that position for the last so many 
years. We have a license in Delhi for the last 25 years. So, in other words, IGL is a 
prominent player in Delhi market.  

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Second is the segment of Vodka. Again, we are among the top three brands. There are 
more than 35 brands in Delhi of vodka, but we are among the top three brands of vodka 
in the state of Delhi. This is because of the fact that we use imported enhancers, which 
cost a little bit more, but the consumer shifts from other regular vodkas to our vodka. 
And once he or she shifts from the regular vodkas, he or she stays with us. We are 
increasing at an increasing rate in terms of market share. So, this is the Vodka segment.  
 
The third segment, in fact, you clubbed it well with the third question, if I may say, 
that Rs. 850 and Rs. 1,000 segment. See, these are the two segments which are 
galloping. Galloping in the sense, the consumer is all the time very aspirational and all 
the time moving upwards and trading up the price ladder. So, it is very difficult to 
establish a whiskey brand in this premium price point. This is with reference to Delhi. 
As you rightly said, these are the price points of Delhi market.  
 
So, this segment is growing in high double digits, and there was every reason for us to 
address this because of two reasons. One is our extra neutral alcohol, which goes to 
Diageo, Pernod, Radico, name the top big, big companies’ world over, it is used by all 
of them. So, there was every reason for us to use it for our captive consumption. And 
as our CEO rightly said, we have, in conjunction with Amrut, taken certain brands on 
royalty basis.  
 
So, we have made two brands, one is Maqintosh White Label, which is at Rs. 850 and 
one is Maqintosh Black Label which is at Rs. 1,100. These two segments are growing, 
and we are able to capitalize on the growth, and we are able to get more than 10% 
market share. We have not even completed one year of its launch. And it is quite 
satisfying that we have more than 10% market share.  
 
Now as far as your third question or partially third question was Paramilitary. As our 
CEO rightly mentioned, this is an annual contract just to elucidate for the benefit of 
everyone, Paramilitary means ITBP, BSF, CRPF and SSB. So, these are the four arms 
of the defense forces which are paramilitary, they defend the internal that is India 
operation. Army defends the borders. That is the difference. So, they are under 
Ministry of Home Affairs. And they do an annual contract, which is generally extended 
for one more year. So, effectively, it is two-year contract.  
 
It is noteworthy that out of 66 companies who tendered, less than half of them got 
approval, including IGL. And we are the number four company already in India. And 
just to mention that this is all-India supplies so it has a snowballing effect on the civil 
sales as well. So, this keeps us in good stead as far as our long-term pursuit of going 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
national is concerned because we are able to feed as many as, as our CEO rightly 
mentioned, five brands across our price spectrum that we have got into the entire 
country. I can talk more about it, but I will be very glad to field any other question. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Thank you for a detailed explanation, sir. In that Bio-Fuel segment, what is the capacity 
utilization at this point of time? And we have seen the revenue growth is much, much 
better, but we have seen some margin contractions. Are we facing on that raw material 
side, any issues, how are we dependent on domestic line supply? And is there any risk 
on the gross margin side if corn adoption faces any regular hurdles? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, Bala, let me try and take that. And then if there is something else, then Shukla ji 
may add. So, your question was with respect to the Bio-Fuel segment and whether 
there is a margin squeeze there or whether there is raw material issue. The short answer 
is, there is no raw material issue. There were some hiccups last year, more to do with 
internal arrangements. There are multiple sources which the government has allowed, 
which includes sugarcane juice, C-heavy molasses, B-heavy molasses, rice, which is 
DFG, damaged food grain rice, surplus food grain as well as corn. And it is not a 
completely free market kind of system because the government has come up with very 
well thought through administrative price mechanism. They recognize what the various 
feedstocks costs are. And accordingly, if you see, different prices are given for ethanol, 
which is produced for using different feedstocks to make sure that there is balanced 
growth, there are many factors to be balanced. There is agricultural factors, there are 
climatic factors, there is factors to do with MSP, factors to do with excess foodgrain 
storage, etc.  
 
And in terms of gross margins, as you know, there are three factors which lead to the 
money that we made in the Bio-Fuel space. One is the administrative price. Second is 
the cost of the grain, which is used, which is, for our case, either damaged food grain, 
DFG or surplus food grain. And the fourth factor is, at what price are we able to sell 
DDGS, which is the byproduct. So, like we continue to look at the overall profitability 
that we get, the government also continues to look at that. It is a flagship program for 
the government, so it's very important that people who have invested continue to 
support this program. 
 
So, what we have seen ever since we have participated in the market, there have been 
times when margins go up, margins come down a little bit. But the regulatory bodies 
play a significant role in making sure with respect to availability of feedstock, with 
respect to adjustment of prices which they have done from time to time. But by and 
large, a steady decent margin, not necessarily steady in the shorter term. And I have no 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
reasons to believe that that will go away. Now, we also keep track of overall capacities 
that the country has. So, the country has put up capacity but we do not have much 
excess capacity compared to the total demand. The market will continue to grow and 
people will continue to add steady capacity, but there is no huge excess capacity which 
will impact. 
 
So, to answer your question, we are not in a situation where suddenly you will see a 
glut because of either raw materials are not available or suddenly because of market 
factors prices collapse. Prices are determined by the government. The government 
takes several supporting actions to make sure feedstocks are available. So, whilst there 
is some level of uncertainty on all businesses, and to some extent you may say that at 
times we may think that we could make more money, but this is a more steady, 
reasonably supported business backed by our national ethanol blending program. And 
at least I do not have undue concerns, and I have definitely spoken to you about this 
for the last three and a half years.  
 
And at times, I was a little conservative, which also some people did not like. But at 
the same time, I was reasonably confident that this is not just a splash in the band. This 
is a well thought through agenda which the government has executed quite well, and I 
think industry players have come up to support that and deliver it throughout the 
country quite well. And if you look at how the blending has gone up in the country 
from something like 5% in '19-'20, to 10% in 2021, to 10% in '21-'22, there was a 
hiccup, to 12% in '22-'23, to 15% in '23-'24, to 19% in '24-'25, and we are expecting to 
do 20% in '25-'26, which, mind you, is ahead of the original plan of delivering this by 
2030. So, I would not be overly concerned, and I would request you not to be overly 
concerned. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Got it.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & 
Company. Please proceed. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar, sir. Thank you for this opportunity. Sir firstly, with now Q1 through and 
we have the remaining three quarters. So, as an organization, what are our key 
operational and financial agendas or the thought process of the management for this 
current year? Because I think so finance cost is the area that needs attention and what 
steps are we taking to reduce the impact of the same? My first question. Secondly, on 
the CapEx part, last year we did around Rs. 750 crores, Rs. 700 crores-odd number, 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
what has been envisaged for the current year? And what are the current maturities 
which are payable for the current financial year? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, Saket, after we answer your question, hopefully, you will buy some more IGL 
shares. No, that was on a lighter note ahead. Yes, go ahead Anand Ji. 
Anand Singhal: 
So, regarding the finance cost, Saket, as such, as of now we are not planning to raise 
equity or something. That is always in the pipeline, always from last seven, eight years. 
But since inception 1989, the company has not done any public issuance. So, yes, that 
finance cost is in our mind that, that is increasing, and we will certainly check that.  
 
But number two, regarding the CapEx, we are not planning to do any huge CapEx in 
the current year. So, hopefully, the current year CapEx will be the rollover CapEx, 
which are coming from last year or maybe maintenance CapEx, which will be about 
Rs. 40 crores to Rs. 50 crores per year. So, we are not targeting any big size CapEx in 
this year, and we will like to consolidate. And after the demerger, the separate 
companies will think over the CapEx.  
 
And regarding the financial performance, what you said, so I think the Q1 number is 
already indicating about the financials of the company when the company has already 
achieved Rs. 23.66 EPS. So, rest, you can think of on your own. I cannot give you the 
numbers and the projections because that is not allowed. But you yourself can rather 
guess what will be the financial numbers of the company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, my question was really towards the trajectory part since a lot of CapEx has gone 
through. So, as you mentioned that our key agenda should be how to sweat those assets 
and create value out of it. So, that was the premise of the question. And for the current 
year, sir, what are the current maturities? How much is payable? And are we going to 
pay through the internal accruals? 
Anand Singhal: 
Whatever CapEx is going on, that has already been funded. So, we are not targeting 
any fresh loan. And whatever the maintenance CapEx will be there, that will be from 
the internal accruals. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Current maturity, sir, how much of the loan is due for repayment for this year? 
Anand Singhal: 
Current year, the repayment will be about Rs. 300 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And this will be through the cash accruals only. We will be lowering the debt 
by that tune for this year? 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Anand Singhal: 
Hardly any debt will be there, maybe Rs. 100 crores, Rs. 150 crores. But yes, Rs. 325 
crores is the figure, which is payable, which will be paid out of the cash accruals. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And sir, now coming to the JV performance, I think so the JV performance 
has been very good if you take the Q-on-Q number. And last year the contribution was 
closer to Rs. 47 crores, and this first quarter itself it is now Rs. 19 crores. So, what 
factors, actually Rupark sir did mention, but if you could describe more on to the same 
and the continuity of the same, what should be factored in? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Okay. So, Saket, I mentioned a couple of points. One is that we had faced a challenge 
where the cost differential between Reliance’s and IGL EO had gone up to as high as 
42% in around mid of '23, July, August. Now, that really came down to close to 12% 
to 14% in the quarter. And that was the highest that we have seen, which was 42%. In 
fact, if you go back prior to mid of '22, or before that, for 5, 10, 15 years, never had 
been seen something like this, which was pre-COVID times. In fact, if at all, IGL EO 
cost was slightly lower than Reliance’s EO sales rise.  
 
So, the good thing is that we have tided over the biggest obstacle of as high as a 42% 
differential, and we are down to operating in the 12% to 15% range. We have no 
reasons to believe that it's going up to fundamentally to those high levels. That is one. 
So, that has contributed in improving margins, getting more sales, and I think we have 
been able to not only sustain but drive our sales growth.  
 
The second thing, as I mentioned, it also improved trading. So, when we formed the 
joint venture, Clariant had a trading business in India. When I say trading business in 
India, they do not buy products from everybody and sell it. I mean, products that are 
manufactured in Clariant and sold in India through the Indian entity, and that business 
was put into the joint venture that the joint venture will do that part, which means that 
we have access to several technologies, manufactured products throughout the Clariant 
world, which are sold into India, which also improved both the percentage margin as 
the absolute margin. This was the second factor. 
 
The third factor has been the enhancement of the product mix within what is 
manufactured in Kashipur, some actions taken from here, some are also taken because 
there is greater access to Clariant's application know-how, the product chemistry on 
the table, bouquet, so to say. So, these are factors. Given that these are factors and 
given the end markets that the joint venture services, which you know, right, from 
personal care, pharma, crop care, textiles, lubricants, coatings, etc., which are also 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
growing, there are reasons for us to believe that there were fundamental reasons for the 
JV to start doing well. The challenges which squeezed profits a couple of years ago. 
 
And as I said, whilst nobody can give you an exact number on how business is going 
to perform, but going by the fundamentals of what the markets are doing, what the JV 
is doing in terms of drive the business growth, we believe that, again, this is not a one-
off, I think the JV will steadily, in my opinion, you should expect JV to continue to 
steadily deliver good performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Rohit from B&K Securities. Please 
proceed. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Congrats on good set of numbers. Sir, first question is on 
the Specialty Chemicals front. So, how have we seen growth in terms of volumes? And 
how has been the trend in terms of pricing over the last one year? And what are you 
expecting? Are we seeing signs in terms of pricing recovery? Just your thoughts on 
this. Thank you. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Are you talking about the joint venture? Or are you talking about our own business? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Both our own business as well as on the JV part. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, some of the factors are common. So, if you look at the joint venture, there was 
broadly 15%, 16% top line growth. And you already know the IGL share which grew 
by 73%, which means that PAT growth was similar, which is high. And EBITDA 
growth was around 40%. And the factors that I told you led to increased sales, which 
is why you see the top-line growth. But the EBITDA growth is much higher than top 
line growth because of a better cost position, raw material wise and transaction wise, 
and also improvement of the mix. And when all of these go up, generally PAT is more 
sensitive, so that goes up as well.  
Our story in value-added Chemicals has some factors. But obviously, we are starting 
with molecules which are different, which we are entering the market and our strategy 
is also somewhat slightly different.  
 
One of the things that we are doing in our Performance Chemicals business is, whilst 
we continue to build on our green credentials, we are not as dependent only on EO 
ethanol in the bouquet of products that we have. It's not that we are discouraging 
ourselves from doing EO-based products, a lot of EO-based products from the segment 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
is done also by the joint venture, and we have other ideas. For example, one of the 
areas that we have been looking at and doing well is oil fields chemicals, and we are 
looking at areas like crop protection, bio-based amines, carbon smart products, etc.  
 
Our business will be led more by building partnerships where it is not that I have a 
product and suddenly go and sell into the market. It is generally about product 
development that takes us two to four years to work with the customer on developing 
the product process, understanding the applications and delivering the value that they 
seek. Broadly speaking, we are looking at significant, kind of ballpark I am saying, so 
keep that in mind, in excess of 150% volume value contribution growth in that small 
segment.  
 
Now, we think that is what our target is, maybe higher. I think the potential is more as 
well. And I have reasons to believe that we should continue to deliver that kind of 
growth at least in the foreseeable future or the years to come. Our broad strategy has 
been to become good partners with good players. The kind of companies that we are 
working with are generally very reputed global partners, which see value in IGL. We 
do not see ourselves as either low-cost players or just commodity players or me-too 
players. Our objective, obviously, is to be preferred, if possible, indispensable partners 
to some of these players.  
 
And I think that strategy is well in place. It is a business which takes some time to 
build. I am very confident that sometimes you have ups and downs here and there. But 
broadly, that business will continue to grow. And we should be able to maintain our 
reasonable contribution levels as well. Sometimes you enter with an entry strategy into 
the market and then you improve your contribution by doing several things, by doing 
front-end differentiation, by improving your processes, etc. Those are things that we 
are working on. We have certain ideas about the business, which could be quite 
strategic and also, god willing, give step increases rather than merely incremental, but 
it is very early for me to start elaborating on them. So, looking at different feedstocks, 
different value propositions, etc. So, that is it from me, Rohit, on this. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Thanks a lot. Sir, second question on the Liquor business. So, a few parts to it. 
One, in terms of the mix, how currently the mix is from the Country Liquor? Then 
maybe if you can give in terms of IMFL, where we are doing our own brands of 
whiskey, vodka and the one which we are doing bottling for third party and recently 
acquired brands from Amrut. And how this particular mix was, let's say, five years 
back just to give an understanding of how we are progressing? The second one, again, 
allied question to that, in terms of individual brands and categories, which and all are 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
the geographies where we are currently present and where we are likely to expand in 
near future. So, these two points, a little more discussion on this will be really helpful. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, Rohit, I will just give you a flavor of the mix, and then I will pass on to Raju ji and 
Shukla ji to give you some more details. So, the Potable Spirits or the Liquor business 
has three parts. The smallest of them is extra neutral alcohol which is basically ethanol 
which is sold as such to beverage manufacturers in bulk, which last year, I am not 
going to project numbers for this year, which last year was of the order of Rs. 70 crores. 
We expect to see very good growth in this area because now we have capacity. And 
this fetches us better profits than just selling into Biofuels. So, that last year was close 
to Rs. 70 crores.  
 
As far as Country Liquor is concerned, which has been a good workhorse for us, both 
profitable, steady. Last year was close to Rs. 870 crores. Good share, strong presence 
in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand, and we will continue to maintain that strong 
position. This is net of excise. And for IMFL, we clocked about Rs. 185 crores last 
year. And we expect in percentage terms that will probably see much better growth 
because of focus. First of all, there is a much bigger playground there for us to play.  
 
Secondly, we are bringing in inorganic in some ways, growth strategies like Amrut, 
etc., which will help us drive premiumization, value, profitability. So, that gives you 
an idea of the mix and the relative growth that we will see, we think we would register 
in near future. And now I will hand over to Raju ji to talk to you about the question on 
IMFL brand, and Shukla ji, if you have anything on Country Liquor or anything else 
that he wants to add. 
S.K. Shukla: 
Okay. So, Country Liquor in UP and Uttarakhand both states, we have the leading 
position because the quality of the product certainly plays a very vital role in this 
segment, and IGL, because of their extra neutral good quality ENA and the traditional 
blending methods through which we make Bunty Bubli. So, because of this, our growth 
every year on year, is approximately 7% to 12% growth we are getting. And this is 
because we have the in-built capacity.  
 
So, in UP and in Uttarakhand, mostly all the aseptic packs is compulsory by the state 
excise. And we were the leader since beginning in the production capacity of the 
aseptic packs. So, because of this company as a whole, we are in the position to place 
our product, quality product, almost more than 95% share in the nine districts of the 
UP, which no other having such kinds of monopoly situation, which we have. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
So, because customer is liking too much our product and they are loyal. They can go 
away from the shops if the product is not available. Such kinds of loyalty has never 
been seen in any shops for this product. So, this is the traditional advantage and 
traditional benefit of this product. And after Gorakhpur plant started in 2006 and after 
'17 - '18 when the progressive governments came in, in UP, all the growth happened 
in the last seven to eight years, as well as in Uttarakhand also. Raju ji, if you can add 
more. 
Raju Vaziraney: 
Yes. Thank you, Shukla ji. See, as three questions you asked. One is the partnership 
that we have with Bacardi. For the benefit of everyone, it is not a third-party bottling 
or as we call it contract bottling. This is much brighter ambit because we make all the 
brands of Bacardi at our Kashipur plant. One segment is the RTD segment – Breezer. 
It’s a carbonated drink so it requires high degree of capital, maintaining temperature, 
and it's a totally different ball game. Except Nanjangud, where Bacardi has its own 
plant and one more small place, we supply most of North and East India only from our 
Kashipur plant for Bacardi products. 
 
Number two, we have in-house high bouquet spirit maturation, CapEx has been spent. 
So, the world-class standards of as many as more than 10 brands of Bacardi right from 
Breezer up to their flagship brand, Carta Blanca and Bacardi Limon, are all 
manufactured there under very, very high-quality standards. So, the entire maturation 
and special distillation columns, the supply chain, the logistics, the environmental 
regulatory clearances, everything Kashipur or IGL is responsible for.  
 
The principal company, Bacardi, who are our close partners for the last 15 years, are 
so satisfied that they have left everything to us except a couple of people who then, of 
course, they do marketing because it is their brand. So, it's a huge, huge effort that we 
go into partnership with Bacardi. Just to give you a perspective, we do as many as 
200,000 cases per month for Bacardi International, which is a very, very high degree 
of volume, considering the fact that they do all premium products. This is as far as 
Bacardi partnership is concerned, which for the benefit of everyone, I elucidated.  
 
As far as our own organic products are concerned. The traditional brand is Soulmate 
Blue whiskey, which is a millionaire case brand, we did last year. And I briefly 
mentioned about vodka, Amazing Vodka, which is making its presence felt wherever 
we go, wherever we have launched and also the partnership with Amrut. Strategically, 
what we have done is Amrut brands are known for quality and high standards of 
packaging and recipe. We have kept it at the top end.  

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
So, we complement each other as far as Country Liquor, then regular brands, then 
vodka for IGL products. Then we come to premium and semi-premium brands for 
Amrut, which are from a long-term point of view, our own brands, acquired brands 
with the understanding that the first refusal is with us. These are all factuals, publicly 
known facts. So, we have a complete price spectrum of brands, and we have positioned 
the brand in such a manner that from a long-term point of view, we will be able to 
dwell up on them.  
 
Your third question was geographical coverage. See, it is very easy to open new states, 
but we do a very detailed study and our CFO, CEO and particularly our CMD are very 
particular that we do not open a state until we are sure about the size of the price or as 
a huge opportunity exists and we make money. So, we have identified Kerala as the 
first state outside North, where we have succeeded in getting the tender brands 
approval. And this month, we will be addressing that state. And then a couple of other 
states for obvious reasons, since we have not started, I cannot mention, but we have 
definite plans in this current fiscal to address at least two or three more states along 
with CSD. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes. Thank you. Thanks a lot for answering all questions. Best of luck for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaswinder Singh, an individual 
investor. Please proceed. 
Jaswinder Singh: 
Good evening, Mr. Sarswat and Mr. Singhal. My question is related to the Liquor 
segment, and I would like to bring out some figures, which I see in the balance sheet. 
The sales, if you compare between the March and June quarter, the sales are up by 
20.42%, but our net profit is down 7.75%. I was just listening to Mr. Shukla and Mr. 
Raju Vaziraney saying that we have got leadership position in our Liquor segment in 
UP and Uttarakhand. And we have been doing so much of cost-cutting measures, tetra 
packaging, premiumization of our liquor. But why is that the sales have grown, but 
there's a degrowth in our profit? 
 
I have been an investor of your company for the last 10 years and what I am yet to see 
is that you have been doing so much of CapEx, we are changing our company, our 
sales have grown, but we are yet to see any kind of financial or operating leverage 
come into play. It's a very basic mathematics that when our sales are growing and our 
CapEx is all done, the profit should be incremental. But this degrowth in our profit 
from March quarter has really disappointed us. Just can you just throw some light and 
explain to me why we have missed on our bottom line in this quarter? 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Anand Singhal: 
See, in Q1 of last year, the EBIT margin was 17.54%. While in the Q1 of the current 
year, it is 21.12%. Of course, that has increased by about 3.5% or so. Of course, the 
sales have also increased from Rs. 1,593 crores to Rs. 1,805 crores. If you compare it 
with the last quarter, means Q4 of last year, when the sales were Rs. 1,609 crores, while 
in the current quarter it is Rs. 1,805 crores, while the EBIT margin has certainly 
reduced from 27% to 21%. In some cases, there are so many brands which my 
marketing division is selling in the market. And every product does not have the same 
kind of EBIT margin. So, I have to check internally, but there may be some of the sales 
which is having a slightly lesser margin as compared to the other products. So, it may 
be because of that. If Raju ji wants to add something on this, he can add. 
Raju Vaziraney: 
See, there are two factors, as I know, as I understand. If my understanding of the 
question is right, between last fiscal, last quarter and this quarter, see, there were two 
changes that have happened in our heartland of UP and Uttarakhand, both the states 
underwent new policies which start from April. So, April and May, I mean, end of last 
year, that is from 31st March there was a lot of lifting and a lot of dumping of stocks 
naturally by the trade because they were not sure about the new policy. 
 
And once the new policy has come in UP and Uttarakhand, which are our key states, 
naturally, the growth was sluggish, not only with us, but it is also as an industry 
phenomenon. I am sure in the current quarter, July, August, and September, it will not 
only stabilize, but it will also grow. And definitely, in OND quarters, as we call it, 
October, November, December, it will gallop. As our CFO beautifully said, there can 
be ups and downs in a quarter in an industry, including us. But overall, last year’s 
performance versus this year, we have definitely grown as a percentage in volume as 
well as value. So, there is no cause of concern. It's an industry phenomenon. 
Jaswinder Singh: 
Secondly, Mr. Sarswat, my next question is for the Ennature Biopharma. And I 
remember in 2021 we were doing a net margin of around 33% in our business and our 
sales were around maybe Rs. 38 crores, Rs. 40 crores per quarter. And now when I see 
the results of Ennature Biopharma, the net has come down to 2.38%. As a businessman, 
this would suggest that this is a trading margin, not a manufacturing margin. Any 
manufacturer who is in a segment of pharmaceuticals or nutraceuticals would not 
operate at these levels. So, what is the business strategy in this Ennature Biopharma 
when we are demerging, my concern is about the business strategy. We are planning 
to unlock shareholder value by demerging our business units when there is extreme 
degrowth in that business. So, how are we going to address that? 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, Mr. Singh, there is a margin squeeze, not as much as a degrowth in the business 
because when you look at growth, sometimes you do not only look at one-year number. 
But if you look at four years, you will see significant top line growth in the business, 
okay? So, that's one thing. You have made a very valid point. I cannot deny the fact 
that there is a margin squeeze, which is what you pointed out. Now I will give you a 
more generic answer, so to say, and then we can engage separately with more details. 
And I have my colleague, who looks at finances and numbers for Ennature Biopharma, 
would also respond. Whilst this is an API business, thiocolchicoside is also an API, so 
is nicotine where we sell, it is also an API. It has its own pressures as well. 
 
There are a couple of pressures. I am not going to elaborate on the exact impact of all. 
One pressure is to do with if there is increased cultivation of the feedstock and there 
are more new entrants, that puts pressure on margins. So, that is one thing. We have 
been selling thiocolchicoside to markets like Turkey, which is a gateway to Europe. 
We also saw some kind of a demand squeeze there. And when there are a lot of new 
entrants and there are alternatives to these natural muscle relaxants, which come from 
countries like China, which have also flooded the market. So, to some extent, some of 
the more, so to say, workhorse products have faced this. That's a value point. Now the 
strategy, of course, is very simple. 
 
I mentioned before, is to do several things, is to, first of all, get into differentiation 
through impurity profiling, building dossiers, etc., which is something that we are 
doing. Also now what happens is Turkey, for example, finds it easier to get materials 
from India, sell it into EU because they are a partner of that to also get direct approval, 
which is a more stringent process. But when you go through this process, and I will 
request Manish to talk about some of those approvals, which we are getting in the 
regulated developed markets to get more products in there by being differentiated 
through quality, through having our dossiers completed, etc. We are also looking at a 
whole host of other products, and we are looking at formulated products, co-branding 
products and creating a branded portfolio. That is a generic strategy. But I will pause. 
I will have a colleague of mine who can add something more to it. 
Manish Pant: 
Yes, Jaswinder, Manish this side. So, yes. So, basically, broadly, if we bifurcate 
nutraceutical business, so as CEO told that one is API, another is nutraceuticals. So, as 
mentioned by him about the pressures of various kind on the APIs, simultaneously, we 
are trying to develop the nutraceuticals market. So, for that, our plant has also been 
certified as GMP plant. We have got the EAR and NSF for that particular plant. So, as 
this quarter performs, another one quarter could be on the same line. But from the third 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
quarter, we are having a certain planning to introduce our branded nutraceuticals in 
U.S. market and in European countries directly on our own. So, at that time, the margin 
could increase substantially as it looks to us. 
Jaswinder Singh: 
That’s good to hear. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. This will be the last question of the day from the line of Saket Kapoor from 
Kapoor & Company. Please proceed. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you for the opportunity. You have already answered about the nutraceutical part 
of the story, sir, that was only the point of concern and steps also you have attributed 
what we are taking. And it is only now on the markets to improve so that our 
profitability will improve. That is what the understanding is. So, that's all from my side 
and we hope for good times ahead, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, thank you for conducting this conference for us. Thank you all for attending it, and 
thank you, many of you who have been watching IGL very closely. And through your 
questions, we try and introspect, we try and learn. Thank you for that. And look 
forward to seeing you after the next quarter. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of InCred Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes) 
India Glycols Limited  
Head Office  
2B, Sector 126, Noida  
Gautam Budh Nagar,  
Uttar Pradesh, 201304  
Tel: +91-120-6860000, 3090100, 3090200  
Fax: +91-120-3090111  
 
Registered Office 
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur – 244713 
District Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand) 
Tel: +91-5947-269000, 269500 
Fax: +91-5947-275315, 269535 
Email: investor.relations@indiaglycols.com 
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097 
 
