 
 
 
 
CSL/2025-26/130 
13th August, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code :532443 
Scrip ID: CERA 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Scrip Code: CERA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 7th August, 2025 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to our letter CSL/2025-26/114 dated 29th July, 2025, intimating you about 
the Q1 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call held on 7th August, 2025, please find attached 
the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The same will be available on the website of the company, i.e. www.cera-india.com  
 
We hope you will take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Cera Sanitaryware Limited, 
 
 
Hemal Sadiwala 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As Above 
HEMAL 
JANARDAN 
SADIWALA
Digitally signed by HEMAL JANARDAN SADIWALA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=1769, 
pseudonym=831e288729424ea383d3e6222fd990
76, 
2.5.4.20=2f1a0a53e3d0c48658014c43dea3989dc5
9335ec2f1a70b9d67f9e73d4395917, 
postalCode=380008, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=f2fe036f7fce318ced974ed8837dfa1
e1c2da169e5861098ce6b05679d5c9f6e, 
cn=HEMAL JANARDAN SADIWALA 
Date: 2025.08.13 19:44:16 +05'30'

 
 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 1 of 16 
 
 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 07, 2025 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the earnings conference 
call of CERA Sanitaryware Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh from CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Devrishi Singh: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
the earnings conference call for CERA Sanitaryware Limited for Q1 FY26 
earnings which were announced yesterday. We have with us today the 
management team comprising Mr. Vikas Kothari -- CFO, and Mr. Deepak 
Chaudhary – VP, Finance, and Investor Relations. 
We will start with brief opening remarks from the management, following 
which we will open the call for Q&A. A quick disclaimer before we begin. 
Some of the statements made in today's conference call may be forward-
looking in nature, and a detailed note in this regard is contained in the results 
documents that have been shared with all of you earlier. 
I will now turn the call over to the management for their opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, Deepak. 
Deepak Chaudhary: Thank you, Devrishi. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of the management 
team of CERA Sanitaryware Limited, I would like to extend a warm welcome 
to all of you on our Q1 FY26 conference call. I will begin by sharing a brief 
update on our operational and strategic progress, following which our CFO, 
Mr. Vikas Kothari, will give you the financial highlights for the quarter.  
In backdrop of continued softness in consumer demand across key markets, 
we are pleased to report a stable performance for this quarter. Our 
Faucetware segment recorded a year-on-year growth of 13.4%, supported 
by stable demand and continued acceptance of our expanded SKU 
portfolio. In contrast, demand in sanitaryware segment remained soft during 
the quarter. However, we remain confident that long-term tailwinds will 
gradually aid recovery in this category. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Over the past few years, we have consistently focused on building a stronger, 
more agile organization through deeper brand segmentation, new channel 
strategies, and a sharper innovation pipeline. We remain confident that these 
actions will translate into tangible momentum across key growth levers going 
forward as and when the market conditions improve. 
Our B2B segment continue to gain momentum, contributing 38% of revenues 
during the quarter, compared to 36% in Q1 FY25. We are witnessing healthy 
order inflows from the real estate sector, driven by increased construction 
activity and improved developer sentiment. There are strong brand equity, 
product reliability and execution capabilities have helped deepen our 
presence in the B2B space, further strengthening our position as a preferred 
partner for large-scale projects. 
• 
I would like to update you on two key strategic initiatives. The 
Company has been consistently advancing its strategy for the 
Senator brand, which is positioned at the top end of our portfolio. To 
give you a bit more color, Senator today boasts of a much-expanded 
portfolio, with eight full sanitaryware ranges and nine faucetware 
collections, and a newly introduced wellness range, including 
whirlpools, steam cables, and high-end showers. This makes it a 
comprehensive solution for the discerning premium customer. We are 
engaging in close relationships with the architects and HNIs, 
supported by a dedicated sales and business development team of 
over 50 professionals trained specifically for the luxury segment.    
 
• 
As of Q1 FY26, we have 23 Senator channel partners, with showroom 
displays upgraded to 650 to 800 square feet, to create a more 
immersive brand experience. 
 
• 
Our target is to operationalize around 45 to 50 stores by FY26 end. 
Importantly, these dealers are new and exclusive to Senator, ensuring 
brand purity and focus. The pricing strategy is competitive with other 
luxury brands but offer better margins to our partners. 
 
• 
We have also introduced a dedicated institutional catalog and 
pricing to address project-led premium demand - a first for this brand.  
These actions reflect a significant shift in our approach. Senator is no longer 
a tactical strategy; it is now a fully developed brand platform designed to 
capture a larger share of the luxury segment and drive long-term value 
creation. We believe the groundwork we are laying today positions Senator 
for meaningful traction as the market environment improves. 
In parallel, during Q1 FY26, we successfully launched a new value brand, 
“POLIPLUZ” marking CERA strategic entry into deep value segment. POLIPLUZ 
is thoughtfully designed to cater to the aspirational needs of households in 
tier 4 cities, towns, and villages, targeting an approximately Rs. 9,000 crore 
market currently dominated by the unorganized players.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
• 
POLIPLUZ will offer both PTMT and brass variants and follows a distinct 
go-to-market strategy via hardware stores. We aim to appoint 140 
distributors with about 5,000 retail touchpoints by the end of one year, 
supported by a 70-member field force. Product pricing is positioned 
midway, bridging the typical gap between the low-cost PTMT and 
high-end brass products to gently push upgradation among the rural 
consumers. To build mindshare among influencers, we have also 
extended our popular StarPlumber loyalty program to this new 
channel. 
 
• 
Despite being an affordable offering, POLIPLUZ is expected to be 
margin-accretive, with margin levels comparable to or even better 
than our current blended margins. 
 
• 
Early market feedback has been encouraging, and we believe that 
this initiative will open up meaningful, long-term growth opportunities 
for CERA in this under-penetrated segment. 
By establishing clear brand segmentation and tailoring our product and 
channel strategies to suit each target group, we are not only expanding our 
market reach but also ensuring a sharper focus and positioning across 
categories. This inclusive approach, spanning a wide range of price points, 
material preferences, and regional demand clusters, reinforces our ability to 
adapt to changing market dynamics while staying true to our core values of 
quality, innovation, and customer trust. While the scale-up will take place 
over time, the initiatives underway today lay a solid base to capture future 
opportunities. 
While the timing of a broad-based recovery remains uncertain, we remain 
optimistic about the future prospects of the industry. The long-term outlook is 
expected to stay strong, supported by continued formalization of the sector, 
rising aspiration of the consumers, and supporting policy initiatives such as 
urban redevelopment, housing schemes, and sanitation infrastructure. These 
structural drivers, coupled with a strong brand and distribution reach, place 
us well for sustained outperformance. 
We believe that the investments we are making today in brands, in 
distribution, and in product innovation, will position CERA to benefit 
disproportionately when the market conditions improve. Our focus remains 
on building an organization that is future-ready, resilient, and aligned with the 
evolving aspirations of the Indian consumers. 
To conclude, Q1 FY26 was marked by stable performance despite a 
challenging demand environment. While the near-term softness is persisting, 
we remain confident in the long-term potential of the industry and our own 
preparedness to capitalize on the future opportunities. With ongoing 
investments in brand architecture, channel segmentation, and new product 
development, backed by strong in-house capabilities, our strategic focus 
remains on disciplined execution, deeper consumer connect, and creating 
long-term value for all stakeholders. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
With this, I would like to hand over to Mr. Vikas Kothari, our CFO, who will 
Present the operational and financial highlights for the quarter-ended 30th 
June 2025. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Vikas Kothari. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Thank you, Deepak, and a very good morning to everyone. I will now take 
you through a brief overview of the company's financial performance for the 
quarter-ended 30th June 2025. 
Revenue from operations for Q1 FY26 stood at Rs. 419 crore, marking a 5.4% 
increase over Rs. 398 crore in Q1 FY25.  
EBITDA remained stable at Rs. 72 crore compared to the same quarter last 
year. EBITDA margin declined slightly to 16.4% from 17.5% in Q1 FY25, primarily 
due to inflation-driven cost increases and initial expenses related to the 
launch of new brands, Senator, and POLIPLUZ. 
Gas costs witnessed an increase during the quarter, with the weighted 
average cost standing at Rs. 33.17 per cubic meter in Q1 FY26 compared to 
Rs. 31.64 per cubic meter in Q1 FY25. Despite the rise, our costs remained well 
below the industry average. During the quarter, the gas consumption was 
sourced 84% from GAIL and 16% from Sabarmati. Overall, gas costs as a 
percentage of revenue stood at 3.6%. 
For the quarter under review, revenue contributions were as follows: -  
Sanitaryware at 50%, Faucetware at 39%, Tiles at 10% and Wellness at 1%. On 
a YoY basis, Faucetware revenues grew by 13%, Tiles by 5% and Wellness by 
15%, while Sanitaryware revenues remained largely flat. Our core categories, 
Sanitaryware and Faucetware together, accounted for 89% of the total 
revenues. 
Capacity utilization stood at 92% for Faucetware and 86% for Sanitaryware 
during the quarter.  
In terms of the product positioning, 43% of our sales came from the premium 
category, 35% from mid-segment and 22% from entry-level products. 
From a geographical standpoint, tier 3 cities led with 42% of sales, followed 
by tier 1 at 36% and tier 2 at 22%. 
Profit after tax stood at Rs. 47 crore broadly in line with the previous year's 
quarter. Earnings per share for the quarter was Rs. 36.08 compared to Rs. 
36.11 in Q1 FY25. 
In terms of the working capital management, inventory days increased from 
75 to 80 days, receivable raised from 32 to 38 days, and payable days 
increased from 41 to 43 days, leading to a YoY increase in the net working 
capital from 66 to 75 days. However, on a sequential basis, working capital 
has improved by five days, reflecting enhanced operational discipline and 
stronger collection efforts. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
As of June 30, 2025, our cash and cash equivalents stood at Rs. 778 crore. 
For FY26, we have marked a total Capex outlay of Rs. 23 crore. This includes 
routine maintenance as well as select investments towards brand building 
and expansion of our retail footprints. We will continue to follow a disciplined 
capital allocation approach aligned with our long-term strategic priorities. 
We remain confident in CERA's financial strength and long-term growth 
prospects. Backed by a robust balance sheet, ongoing efficiency 
improvements, and prudent working capital management, we are well 
positioned to navigate near-term uncertainties and seize emerging 
opportunities as the demand environment gradually recovers. 
With this, I would now request the moderator to open the line for Q&A. Thank 
you very much. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from Archana Gude from IDBI Capital.  
Archana Gude: 
I have two to three questions. So, firstly on the project sales side - that part 
has been growing quarter-on-quarter over the last few quarters. So, can you 
help us understand how it would be as a percentage of sales in the near 
future? And also, could you help us with what kind of margins would typically 
be there and the micro-markets which are seeing exponential growth in the 
project business? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Regarding the project part, if you see over the last few quarters, the real 
estate market has been moving well, and this is also evident in CERA's project 
bank portfolio. On a YoY basis, if we compare Q1 with Q1 of last year, we 
have registered a growth of 32% in our project bank. These are the project 
orders we have won, and we have been seeing a positive trend in the project 
bank over the last two to three quarters. We expect this trend to continue. 
Considering the overall positive macroeconomic trends visible in our sector, 
liquidity conditions are improving, which will also support our retail segment. 
So, I think the project business is growing, and we have been securing large-
value contracts over the last three to four quarters. 
Archana Gude: 
So, could you provide some guidance on the margin profile and highlight 
any micro markets which are experiencing growth? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes. So, as far as the project business is concerned, definitely the margins are 
a little lower compared to retail. They are lower by 6%-7% on account of 
higher discounts being offered in the project category. 
Archana Gude: 
Okay. Is it possible to bifurcate the project sales among the Senator, Cera 
Luxe and Cera? 
Deepak Chaudhary: As of now, these categories are just developing. So, the sales numbers in 
respect of Senator and Cera Luxe is negligible. We will maybe start updating 
you by the end of the year when the numbers start becoming significant. So, 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
as of now, you can say that most of the numbers that we are reporting is 
coming from CERA. 
Archana Gude: 
Got it. So, maybe one more question on POLIPLUZ - sir, can you help us 
understand the pricing strategy, outsourcing mix and number of SKUs we 
should expect in FY26? 
Deepak Chaudhary: Like in respect of POLIPLUZ, I will just give you a broad outlook in respect of 
the product, the launch, and the market that we are intending to target. As 
the Chairman has mentioned in his press release also, that POLIPLUZ is 
intended to target the tier 3, 4 and the rural market. Now, this is one segment 
where CERA has been completely absent till date. And with the launch of this 
POLIPLUZ, we are targeting the consumers, which are kind of untouched by 
the CERA products.  
So, primary consumer right now, as we are saying, are the ones who are using 
the PTMT products. So, we have launched a slew of polymer products as well 
as brass products. The brass products have been priced at a point which is 
midway between the current offerings of CERA and the PTMT products, which 
are being currently offered by the unorganized players. So, the idea is to pull 
them from the current buying pattern towards the more aspirational and 
more longer-lasting products, which will also meet the price point as well as 
the quality needs of the particular range of consumer.  
Apart from that, we are also targeting a kind of replacement market 
because we are targeting items which will be kind of small value, but which 
will be replaced very pretty fast. So, that will consist of, you can say, the 
cisterns, the seat covers, the health faucets, the connecting pipes, a slew of 
other such polymer products, which currently we are doing it for our own 
products, but we are not targeting the replacement market. So, the idea is 
over here that rather than targeting as a kind of being bundled with our 
original products along with our sanitaryware products and along with our 
faucetware products, these are targeted more as a replacement market.  
So, the idea is that margins would be good. We are expecting that the 
margins should be higher than what we are getting for our blended margin, 
which we are getting for our current range of products. EBITDA margin should 
be in the range of 24% to 25% for this POLIPLUZ range that we are talking 
about. At the same time, we are also offering a higher margin to the 
distributors, like the kind of margins which we are offering to the distributors, 
will also be quite high so that it becomes attractive for them to stock also the 
products from their point of view. Main selling point would be the kind of 
quality that we will be offering and the kind of price range that we will be 
offering with the CERA backing. So, the topline target for the current year 
would be kind of in the region of Rs. 25 crore to Rs. 30 crore because as of 
now we are still onboarding the team and the sales should be starting by let 
us say end of September, beginning of October. So, we will be having only 
six months in the current year and by let us say end of three years we are 
targeting that it should be constituting something like 5% to 7% of our total 
turnover for the POLIPLUZ range. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
Archana Gude: 
Right, that helps. And lastly, will it be completely outsourced for 
manufacturing? 
Deepak Chaudhary: As of now it will be outsourced. Like the brass products, maybe some things 
will be in-house and some things will be outsourced, but the polymer parts will 
be completely outsourced. As we go forward, depending upon the volume, 
once we reach a critical volume, maybe we will have our own plant coming 
up. But as of now it will be completely outsourced. 
Archana Gude: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital.  
Praveen Sahay: 
My question is related to the segment performance in entry, mid and 
premium. In the last two years, and even for this quarter, if I look at your mid-
segment it has outperformed your entry and the premium segment. So, these 
launches, whether it is a Senator or the POLIPLUZ, are in the view of improving 
your entry and the premium category way forward, - is it the case? Secondly, 
even while giving a higher distribution margin in the value product which you 
had launched, you are talking about the margin being on the higher side. 
Also, mostly you will outsource manufacturing as well. So, can you please give 
some more color on like how the margin would be at the same level as what 
we are doing right now? 
Deepak Chaudhary: I will take your question in two parts. The first part you asked was whether we 
are launching the Senator and the POLIPLUZ to supplement the mid-range 
that has been the strongest in our case. I have a completely different view 
on this. The way we see it within the Company is that both Senator and 
POLIPLUZ are targeting a customer base which currently CERA is not 
targeting. POLIPLUZ is very different, going one level below the entry range 
that CERA has. The pricing, the product profile, and everything are 
completely different from the products currently offered by CERA. So, it is not 
really trying to bolster the entry range of CERA. It is a range that is different 
from what we are offering in CERA and caters to a customer segment which 
is different from what we are currently catering to at CERA. 
The same is true for Senator. Senator is targeting a more premium customer 
than CERA. CERA generally targets the mass premium range. Senator targets 
upper-end customers such as HNIs and higher, and more projects at the 
premium end. So, both are targeting customers who are currently not being 
serviced by the CERA product profile. 
In respect of the margin, the kind of margins that we are having, in spite of 
being outsourced and why we are getting higher margins, - in the case of 
Senator, higher margins are obvious because it is more of a premium offering. 
So, the kind of margins and pricing are naturally higher than what we are 
getting for the CERA segment. In case of POLIPLUZ, what we have been able 
to source is at quite a good margin. We have been able to source products 
at prices which are quite reasonable. We are confident that the margins we 
are talking about are something that is very easily achievable. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for that. How much is the advertisement expense for this quarter? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, for the quarter, the advertisement expense was around Rs. 9.3 crore as 
compared to Rs. 11.4 crore in previous year's quarter. This differential, is due 
to a phasing impact as certain activities are planned in the subsequent 
quarters. So, that will be taken in Q2 or Q3. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Right sir. And the last question is related to your guidance - in the last quarter 
you had given a target to outperform the industry by 6%-7% and reach 29 
billion by March '27 along with a margin of 15%-16%. Where do you stand on 
this? Are you maintaining this? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, as far as the earlier targets which we have given with respect to reaching 
Rs. 2,900 crore by March '27, this was based on the assumption that the 
markets will perform and that future growth will depend on the sustained 
recovery in retail demand. However, we have seen that while demand 
challenges are likely to persist in the early quarters of this financial year, in 
addition to the slowness over the past six to seven quarters, we expect that 
signs of recovery will start in the second half of the year. This is supported by 
certain positive macroeconomic trends which are already visible in the 
current scenario. The rural economy is gaining momentum driven by a strong 
harvest, increased Government spending, and structural reforms. Liquidity 
conditions have also improved, and the retail segment is showing some signs 
of recovery. 
Apart from that, as we have clearly stated, our project business is also 
performing well, with growth in terms of the overall project bank. With these 
improving fundamentals, we remain focused on our earlier guidance that we 
will outperform the market by 6%-7%, based on the expectation that recovery 
in the segment will materialize. The earlier guidance of reaching Rs. 2,900 
crore was based on the assumptions that market growth would be around 
7%-8% for sanitaryware and 12%-13% for faucetware, with the goal of 
outperforming this market growth by 6%-7%. However, market growth has 
fallen short of expectations. That said, our long-term strategies remain intact, 
driven by innovation, operational excellence, and market expansion. In this 
regard, as Deepak mentioned, we have already launched Senator and 
POLIPLUZ to cater to different segments of consumers. Therefore, we believe 
the guidance of 6%-7% outperformance will hold once the market starts 
recovering. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you, sir and all the best for future.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Akash Shah from UTI Mutual Fund.  
Akash Shah: 
I just have two, three questions. I wanted to ask how much cost has been 
recorded in the P&L for the Senator and POLIPLUZ brands?  
Deepak Chaudhary: As of now, the cost incurred for Senator and POLIPLUZ has been quite 
minimal, as the onboarding only started in July. So far, the P&L would mainly 
reflect staff costs, etc. I can, however, give you a broad outlook for the full-

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
year projections once both brands are fully operational and the entire team 
is in place. We are projecting that the staff cost for Senator and POLIPLUZ, 
taken together, should be in the range of Rs. 13 crore to Rs. 15 crore per 
annum once the full team is onboard. Out of the total publicity budget 
earmarked for the Company, a specific portion has also been allocated for 
Senator, POLIPLUZ, and Luxe. 
In the first year, spending for Senator will be focused largely on setting up 
showrooms. POLIPLUZ will not require much brand publicity support initially; 
the first year will mainly involve setting up distributors and building the retail 
channel. From the next year onwards, we expect more expenses toward 
publicity. Out of the Rs. 60 crore we typically spend annually on publicity, 
around Rs. 11 crore to Rs. 12 crore should be allocated to Senator and Luxe 
together. 
Akash Shah: 
Right. So, Rs. 11 to 12 crore for the Senator and Luxe brands, and the rest, Rs. 
35 to 40 crore, would be for the CERA brand? 
Deepak Chaudhary: Correct. Okay. 
Akash Shah: 
And also, just wanted to understand - this quarter, we saw around 5% growth 
on a base of minus 6% growth in the first quarter FY25. So, on a two-year CAGR 
basis, there has been some decline in absolute revenue. So, just wanted to 
ask, going forward – let’s say we hope for some recovery in second half - are 
we broadly implying that the growth in full year FY26 would be less than 10%? 
What is the broad thought process and expectation on topline growth front 
in FY26? And if we can break it up into the sanitaryware as well as the faucet 
segment, what is the growth - that will help? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, I think I have answered the question regarding the outlook part, both 
short-term and long-term. But since you have asked about this year's 
roadmap and how we will progress, we are progressing strongly in terms of 
operational excellence and the market reach. Now, talking about what is 
going to be the number at the end of the financial year FY26, so, with the 
expectations what we are having and with some positive trends what we are 
seeing on the macroeconomic levels, we understand that the momentum, 
early signs of recovery have started and we see that this will continue over a 
period of time. But always I used to say this is subject to how actual the market 
will perform. But we understand that with the type of recoveries what we see 
from H2 onwards, we expect that we will be ending with a higher single-digit 
number or maybe start of this double-digit number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from line of Udit Gajiwala from YES Securities.  
Udit Gajiwala: 
My question is pertaining to the margin outlook for the Company. So, when 
you look at the project business, since it is growing, the margins are a bit under 
pressure, and you also mentioned that it is lower than the retail segment. And 
though you are growing your Senator and the new brand now, it will still be 
5% to 7% of sales in the coming years. So, at least for the coming two to  three 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
years, do we see that the margins will be sub-15% for the Company, given 
that the major growth will be from projects now? 
Deepak Chaudhary: We expect that the margins should be maintained at the region of 15% to 
17% that we have been maintaining in the last few years. We do not 
anticipate a very high jump coming in as you mentioned, because of the 
fact that Senator would be constituting a small proportion of the total sales in 
the next two to three years. But because of the fact that the project portion 
is increasing, we do not anticipate too much of challenge in the overall 
margin of the Company, because we have been taking measures for 
controlling costs also at the operational side. So, from our perspective, that 
number of 15% to 17% is something that is a holy grail and we intend to 
maintain for the next two, three years. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Okay, sir. Understood.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Naysar Parikh from Native Investment Managers.  
Naysar Parikh: 
So, my question was that, obviously the market is not good right now, but just 
from a competition perspective, what are the threats that you are currently 
seeing? If you can just elaborate on that, are we losing market share in any 
segment? That would be helpful. And especially when the market does well 
and some of the smaller players, such as Kajaria, etc., who are not big in 
sanitaryware or faucetware, start getting aggressive, what is our thought 
around that? So, any thought on that would be helpful. 
Deepak Chaudhary: You are talking about the threats from the competition. Now, basically what 
we have found is that over the last six to seven quarters, where the market 
has not been doing too well, it has been subdued, the major kind of problems 
that we are facing in the market is the kind of discounts which have been 
offered by the competition. Because of the fact that they have already got 
good capacities and the market has not been too great. So, the discounts 
have kind of gone up. So, we have been trying to hold on to the kind of 
margins that we have making in a particular sector, both in the project as 
well as in the retail sector. So, we anticipate that once the retail market starts 
improving, even from the competition side, the kind of higher discounts, 
which have been going at their end, should start coming down and reach a 
level where everybody would want to make profits. That would be true for 
also the new entrants which are there, because as of now they are more 
intent on trying to gain volume. So, as of now, the broad threat which is there 
in the market is the kind of pricing which is prevailing because of the fact that 
have been overcapacity with the existing players and also capacity addition 
by the new players which have come in. But that will be, if you talk on a long-
term perspective, something which is a short-term problem. And as the 
market improves, that threat should disappear. 
Naysar Parikh: 
So, is it fair to assume that to protect our margins, we have lost some market 
share in certain pockets, maybe? 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Deepak Chaudhary: We have not lost market share, but you can say, not been selling like the other 
competitions where they have compromised on margins and have been 
totally focused on gaining volume. We have kind of maintained our volumes 
and also maintained our margins. 
Naysar Parikh: 
And if you can just elaborate, what are we doing, - some points you may 
have alluded to – in terms of protecting our dealer, distribution, or project 
level clients. Because as the market improves, people are not seeing 
profitability now. But as they start seeing volumes and profitability, nothing 
stops them from expanding, right? Everyone has like one plant, very little 
capacity and they all have capital and private equity backing. So, once the 
market improves, they will also start investing. So, when that scenario 
happens, how do we protect our market share and our dealers? What are 
we doing today to ensure that when they come aggressively, we do not lose 
market share at that time and we are not prone to the same discounting 
then? 
Deepak Chaudhary: See, the capacity additions have in fact already happened. We find that 
most of the players which have come in, they have already started putting 
up their own plant. So, that is where the current situation has evolved, 
because the capacity additions have come in at a point of time where the 
market has not grown. The capacity additions happened in anticipation of a 
growth in the market, because post-COVID there was a huge surge in the 
kind of demand which was there in the market. That prompted kind of 
capacity additions from both the incumbent players as well as the new 
players which had come in. So, capacity additions have already happened 
and we do not anticipate further capacity additions to happen once the 
growth starts coming in. It has already happened. So, once the growth is 
there, we will find that the kind of situation which is prevailing right now will 
reverse. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Mehta from Equirus Securities.  
Pranav Mehta: 
I wanted some clarity on the absolute numbers on the sanitaryware, faucet, 
and tiles that you had done in this quarter and similarly correspondingly in Q1 
FY25, if you can help with that? 
Deepak Chaudhary: For sanitaryware, I will tell you the current quarter numbers first. In 
sanitaryware, the turnover was Rs. 208.67 crore. Faucetware was Rs.161.85 
crore and wellness was Rs. 6.29 crore and tiles was Rs. 42.61 crore. I will just 
repeat the numbers. Sanitaryware Rs. 208.67 crore, faucetware Rs. 161.85 
crore, wellness Rs. 6.29 crore and tiles Rs. 42.61 crore. The corresponding 
number for Q1 FY25 was sanitaryware Rs. 209.23 crore. So, we are comparing 
with Rs. 208.67 crore in the current quarter vis-à-vis Rs. 209.23 crore in the 
previous quarter. So, it is more or less flat. Faucetware was Rs. 142.70 crore in 
the previous quarter, we have Rs. 161.85 crore in the current quarter, so, it is 
a growth of 13.4%. Wellness Rs. 5.49 crore, against that, we have Rs. 6.29 crore, 
14.6% growth. And tiles was Rs. 40.59 crore, we have Rs. 42.61 in the current 
quarter, growth of 5%. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Girish Choudhary from Avendus Spark.  
Girish Choudhary: 
Firstly, on the capital allocation, I just wanted to check. Last year, we did a 
buyback at close to Rs. 12,000 per share and if you look at the current price, 
it is almost 50% down. You also alluded that we have a very limited Capex 
budget this year and close to Rs. 800 crore of cash. So, are you thinking of 
implementing one more buyback or in general, how are you thinking about 
capital allocation? 
Deepak Chaudhary: We have been steadily increasing our dividend payout. If you see, we were 
earlier paying something like Rs.13 three-four years back. From that, we have 
come to Rs. 65 payout in the current year. So, dividend has been steadily 
increasing. And we expect that this kind of dividend, which we have been 
increasing in the past few years, that should be steadily maintained and 
increase in the coming years also.  
In respect of buyback, as of now, it is uncertain. Like, we do not have any 
plans right now. And that can be only told to you once the Board decides 
something in that respect that we are going to have a different, another 
buyback or something like that. But as of now, we can talk about the 
dividend kind of policy which is, we can say, is increasing in a steady manner. 
Girish Choudhary: 
Okay, got it. Secondly, again just on the market share and let us say the core 
sanitaryware business part, right, I mean, we are seeing the business to 
decline despite a very low base, right, last year also, same quarter we had a 
decline and you also mentioned that you have been maintaining volumes, 
but the absolute revenues are declining. So, how should one read this, - is this 
also due to higher discounting which you are doing or also a function of lower 
price points? I understand the market is depressed. But, I mean, if you can 
help us understand this revenue decline? 
Deepak Chaudhary: The primary reason for the kind of decline which has happened in the 
sanitaryware sector, since you being in the market you have to answer within 
your question itself. But to give you a broad profile in respect of the kind of 
what is happening in the sanitaryware within CERA, like, if we talk about the 
kind of product profile which we had, let us say, four to five years back and 
the kind of product profile which we are having right now, that has 
undergone a complete change. Earlier, like again, if I go back three to four 
years back, the kind of products were basic. It was something that we used 
to sell in large volumes.  
Now, you will find that we are moving more towards products which are high 
value. We have internalized most of the items that we were kind of importing 
from China that we have internalized and we have started manufacturing 
within our manufacturing facility. So, the product profile has undergone a 
change.  
Now, you will find that the sanitaryware market per se also is different from 
that of faucets, in the sense that the life cycle of a sanitaryware product is 
very different from that of faucets where replacement which happens, 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
happens at a much longer period as opposed to faucetware. So, there has 
been a kind of glut which has come into the sanitaryware kind of market and 
within CERA. But we have already started seeing trends which have now in 
the sense that there was no further decline in the current quarter and we 
anticipate that in the coming quarters also that trend should be reversing. 
Girish Choudhary: 
But the specific question was, like you said, you maintained volumes, right? 
But we are seeing revenue declines and at the same time, you are telling 
your positioning, or you have seen premiumization. So, I mean, there is some 
disconnect there, right? I mean, is it a market share loss then? 
Deepak Chaudhary: So, that is what I am trying to explain that the kind of product profile that has 
happened in the case of sanitaryware is different from what we were having 
earlier. Earlier, it was smaller items, larger volumes at lower price points. Now, 
we have moved to lower volumes, higher price points and the pricing which 
is there with respect to competitors. Because you are in the market, you have 
to match the kind of prices which are being offered by the competition. But 
more or less, we have maintained margins. The kind of profile has completely 
undergone the change within the sanitaryware system itself. 
Girish Choudhary: 
Okay. So, have we also taken discounts over the last one to two years? 
Deepak Chaudhary: The kind of discounts that we have taken, it has gone up by something like, 
you can say, 2%-3% in the last six, seven quarters, which has now started on a 
stabilizing mode. We have not started reversing it, but it is not going down 
any further. 
Girish Choudhary: 
Got it.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Bhavin Rupani from Investec.  
Bhavin Rupani: 
We have taken some credit writeback in FY25 to the tune of Rs. 34 crore. So, 
can you just tell us what the number was in Q1? My second question is on the 
outsourcing mix. Can you tell us what the outsourcing mix is in faucet and 
sanitaryware segments? And my third question is on sanitaryware Greenfield 
expansion, - what is the status as of now? 
Deepak Chaudhary: Okay. I will answer it in reverse order. For the sanitaryware Greenfield 
expansion, we have already undertaken the purchase of land, and the land 
acquisition has been completed. But the construction on the land has not yet 
started. We will take a view by the end of the current year. We do not 
anticipate the construction to start within this current year. By the end of the 
current year, we will review again, and based on how the market conditions 
have changed over the next six to nine months, we will take a view on 
whether we need to start construction by the end of the year. 
In respect of the outsourcing mix, I will just tell you, in case of sanitaryware, 
outsourcing was 57%, manufacturing was 43% and in case of faucetware, 
outsourcing was 48% and manufacturing was 52%. I will repeat that again. In 
case of sanitaryware, 57% and 43% for outsourcing and manufacturing 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
respectively, and for faucetware, 48% and 52% for outsourcing and 
manufacturing, respectively. 
Coming to your first question in respect of the credit writebacks, the credit 
writebacks were mostly on account of provisions that we had done in respect 
of the turnover discounts which are given to the sales to our dealers. Now, 
the discounts which are provided for are based on the estimate that the 
dealers would be meeting their targets. Once we found that the dealers were 
not meeting their targets, the actual discounts came out to be much lower 
than what we had provided for. That led to a writeback in the previous year. 
In the current quarter, I will just tell you the figure for the amount of writeback 
which has been there. The writeback has been to the extent of Rs. 2.73 crore 
compared to Rs. 6 crore in the previous quarter. 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Alright. Got it, sir.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Samyak Jain from Marcellus Investments.  
Samyak Jain: 
So our sanitaryware revenue in the quarter has been flattish, whereas we 
have grown in faucetware by 14%, and our projects business has grown by 
32% YoY basis. So, would it be fair to assume that the growth that we are 
getting on the project side is majorly from the faucetware instead of 
sanitaryware? I just wanted to know your thoughts on that. 
Deepak Chaudhary: The project business have not have grown by 32%. What Vikasji mentioned 
was that the kind of projects that we have won in the current quarter is higher 
by 32% as opposed to the corresponding Q1 of the previous year. The sales 
would be translating in the next few quarters. But that gives you an idea 
about the kind of trend where it is moving for project allocation. Your question 
was that most of the increase in the project has been from the faucetware 
side; - I do not have that number ready with me right now. So, maybe I can 
get back to you on that on an offline basis as to what kind of growth has 
happened in the faucetware and in the sanitaryware in respect of the 
project segment. 
Samyak Jain: 
Sure sir. But directionally, what would be a bigger portion in the project sales? 
Deepak Chaudhary: I think the kind of proportion that we have for our overall numbers for the 
Company would be true for the project segment also. 
Samyak Jain: 
Sure sir. Got it.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Gupta from Fair Value Capital.  
Parikshit Gupta: 
I just have one question. You mentioned that you already see signs of a 
turnaround of market demand. Can you please articulate which specific 
economic segment, - is it the more mass premium segment or a relatively 
more premium Luxe segment that you are seeing the recovery in? And if you 
could also give this answer for both sanitaryware and faucetware please? 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, regarding the revival of the recovery in the luxury segment, we have seen 
over the past few quarters that it is growing, and that is where we are also 
coming up with our Senator brand and CERA Luxe brand. So, that is one area 
which is growing. The area which was largely impacted was the mass 
premium category, where the demand was sluggish and continues to be so. 
But what we are saying is that this segment is also now seeing some traction 
in terms of revival. So, our expectation is that the numbers we have seen right 
now with respect to Q1, where we have achieved 5.4% YoY growth in this 
mass premium segment, will further strengthen over a period of time. 
Parikshit Gupta: 
Understood, sir. This is helpful.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Utkarsh Nopany from BOB Capital.  
Utkarsh Nopany: 
My first question is on the margin side. So, if we see our EBITDA margin has 
contracted on a YoY basis despite a weak base of last year which got 
affected due to the general election. So, I wanted to understand whether 
the market condition was so depressed in the current June quarter that we 
are not able to pass on the commodity cost inflation pressure to the 
consumers? 
Deepak Chaudhary: See, we have not taken a price increase in sanitaryware for quite some time. 
In faucetware, we took a 6% price increase in the previous year, sometime 
around September. So, if you are talking about price increases, we would 
need to have a significant revival in the market. And as I mentioned earlier, 
it has to come in from the competitors also, wherein everybody is then pricing 
their products in the right manner. So, as of now, we are more intent on trying 
to maintain the margins we currently have. 
To be very specific, if we talk about the current quarter, the gross margins 
were slightly down on account of the increase in input prices; roughly by 1.5% 
the gross margins had come down. But apart from that, we have been able 
to maintain the margins. The increase in cost - there has been a slight increase 
in the cost with respect to the employee cost. That is again on account of 
the annual increase which keeps on happening on a regular basis. Typically, 
this year the average increments to the staff were in the region of 10%-10.5%, 
and the staff cost roughly constitutes around two-thirds of our total employee 
cost. So, that will be translating into something like, on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis (Q4 to Q1), about a 6%-6.5% increase in the cost. 
So, the costs, which are fixed in nature, have been increasing, and in the 1st 
quarter, it results in a marked increase. But we are confident that, going 
forward, as the full year goes by and we have an increase in volume in the 
subsequent quarters, on a full-year basis, we should be able to maintain that 
margin of 15%-17%. 
 
 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q1 FY26 Earnings Call     
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. And the last question is, what is your credit write-back amount for the 
Q4 FY25? 
Deepak Chaudhary: Q4 FY25, I do not have the figure with me right now. Maybe I can give it to 
you again on an offline basis. The write-back you are talking in respect of Q4? 
The Q1 numbers I had already told you, like it was something like Rs. 2.73 
crore. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Because there has been a sharp fluctuation in your margin on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. So, I just wanted to understand, is it only because of the credit 
write-back amount? 
Deepak Chaudhary: Part of it would be on account of that. Because the credit write-back 
happened in one of these, I think, Q4, where there was a substantial write-
back, if I remember correctly. So, that fluctuation would be there to that 
extent. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take that as the last 
question. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Deepak Chaudhary: Thank you, everyone for attending this call and showing interest in CERA 
Sanitaryware Limited. Should you need any further clarification or would like 
to know more about the Company, please feel free to reach out to me or to 
CDR India. Thank you once again for taking time to join the call. Thank you 
and bye. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of CDR India, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The 
transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
