 
 
 
August 1, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code: 543287 
Debt Segment – 975115, 975192, 975560, 976262, 976764,976895, 976923 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Trading Symbol: LODHA 
 
  Dear Sirs, 
   
  Sub: Q1FY26 - Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Ref:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
 
   Regulations, 2015, as amended (‘Listing Regulations’) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of 
the Company’s Q1FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on July 28, 2025. The transcript is also being 
uploaded on the Company’s website i.e. www.lodhagroup.com under the Investor Relations section. 
 
Kindly take the above information on your record.  
 
  Thanking you, 
 
  Yours faithfully, 
   Lodha Developers Limited  
(Formerly known as Macrotech Developers Limited)                              
 
 
  
       Sanjyot Rangnekar   
 
  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                       
  Membership No F4154 
 
  Encl: As above 
 
SANJYOT 
NILESH 
RANGNEKAR
Digitally signed by 
SANJYOT NILESH 
RANGNEKAR 
Date: 2025.08.01 11:44:22 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
“Lodha Developers Limited Q1FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ABHISHEK LODHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, LODHA DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. SUSHIL KUMAR MODI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, FINANCE, 
LODHA DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY CHAUHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, LODHA 
DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. RAJENDRA JOSHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BENGALURU, 
LODHA DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Lodha Developers Limited Post Results 
Conference Call to discuss the Q1 FY '26 Earnings.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in a listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chintan Parikh. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chintan Parikh: 
Thank you, Avirat. And good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Lodha Developers Q1 FY '26 
Conference Call.  
 
Today, we have with us Mr. Abhishek Lodha, MD and CEO; Mr. Sushil Kumar Modi, Executive 
Director, Finance; Mr. Sanjay Chauhan, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Rajendra Joshi, CEO, 
Bengaluru. 
 
I would now like to invite Abhishek to make his opening remarks. Over to you, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Thank you, Chintan. Good afternoon, everyone. And welcome to our Q1 earnings call.  
Before we dive into the business update, I want to take a moment to pay tribute to the brave 
Indian soldiers who served the country during the recent war with Pakistan. Their courage, 
commitment and sacrifice in protecting our nation's sovereignty and ensuring the safety of 
millions is something we deeply honor and respect. On behalf of the entire leadership team 
and the company, we salute their service and stand in solidarity with their families. The Lodha 
Foundation is working with the families of these martyrs to strengthen their future and ensure 
that they feel that the rest of the nation is completely behind them. 
 
Let me begin with a brief overview of the overall macroeconomic and industry situation. On 
the back of the increase in government CapEx spending as well as the monetary easing that 
the RBI has undertaken, the GDP forecast for the year continues to remain resilient at around 
6.5%. Inflation remains within our comfort zone, and we hope that it will further improve given 
the quality of this monsoon. 
 
On the interest rate front, we continue to see a downward trajectory. As a consequence, as is 
normally seen in such rate cut cycles, we see it as being strongly favorable for homebuyers and 
the home buying industry. Combined further with the taxation benefits that have been given 
for the middle-income households earning up to Rs. 25 lakhs per annum, this will further boost 
the purchasing power of these households and spur home demand as well as broader 
consumption. 
 
We continue to believe that the Indian real estate sector is in the early stages of a long up cycle 
with favorable macroeconomic indicators, strong urbanization and improving affordability. At 

 
Lodha, our focus continues to remain on delivering high-quality developments, strengthening 
our brand, unlocking value from our land bank and maintaining industry-leading cash flows and 
return metrics. 
 
I am sure that the recent news headlines from some of the lenders as well as some of the IT 
companies might raise concerns about the resilience and strength of the demand. I would like 
to mention that we have so far continued to see actually a strengthening of demand. We 
measure the health of our business through various metrics, but most particularly the non-
launch weekly sales. And even now in the month of July, which is typically not a very strong 
month given the monsoon and other factors, we continue to see weekly sales, around Rs. 275 
crores, Rs. 280 crores per week, which is much higher than the same period last year and tells 
us that there is good, strong on-ground demand across different segments, and there is a 
continued strengthening in the mid-income demand based on the factors that I had highlighted 
earlier. 
 
Coming to the highlights of this quarter. The 1st Quarter presales grew by about 10%, which 
was in line with our business plan, but moderately affected by the two weeks of geopolitical 
tension in May 2025. However, this does not affect our growth outlook for the year, and we 
expect H1 to be about 40% to 45% with an upward bias towards the 45% number of the AOP 
and the balance in H2, driven by the significant launches planned for H2, including from the 
business development added in Q1, the benefit of the interest rate cuts and income tax cuts 
stimulating mid-income demand, and the clearing of the approval bottlenecks.  
 
As some of you may be aware, environmental clearances have not been considered in many 
parts of the country since August 2024 due to the NGT order asking the center to consider 
these clearances and the center not yet having the bandwidth to do so. The matter is now 
expected to be decided by the Supreme Court in this quarter, and that will further enable us 
to scale up our supply and comfortably achieve our overall presales as well as operating cash 
flow guidance. As a business, we continue to remain focused on predictable and disciplined 
growth.  
 
Our net debt to equity will have small increases and thereafter moderations from time to time. 
But at all times, we will remain substantially below our ceiling of 0.5x net debt to equity. As I 
have mentioned earlier, we continue to see improvement in our non-launch weekly sales rate, 
and we expect this number to touch Rs. 300 crores a year by the end of this FY from Rs. 250 
crores a year in FY '25. This sort of continued regular sales makes our business very, very 
different from most of our peers, and this predictability gives us significant confidence in how 
we perceive business in the times to come. 
 
We expect to enter Delhi NCR in the next 12 months and hope to launch in fiscal 2027.  
                                                     As you are aware, this will be a pilot stage where we will focus on gradually growing while we 
build our local team and strengthen our operating and sales capability. With this entry, we will 

 
be operating in four of the largest real estate markets in the country, covering about two-third 
of the total residential sales. We will, of course, provide more details once the overall entry 
strategy and the first project land acquisition is completed. 
 
The last point which I would like to underline in terms of an overview is that while there may 
be concerns about the strength of overall demand in urban India, it is important to note that 
the sales of the top five real estate developers who are focused on quality and consumer 
service, thereby having strong brands are constrained by supply and not by demand. We 
strongly believe that this is a unique position for the real estate market that the top developers 
have almost a complete inability to satiate their demand and any short-term aberration in the 
demand side is unlikely to impact their sales. 
 
The second point is being that real estate sales are driven largely by households with annual 
income greater than Rs. 1 million per annum. The strength of job and wealth creation for the 
upper middle class and higher income segments continues to remain quite strong. 
 
The third point, this environment of low interest rates and low inflation is probably the best 
ever for real estate. When interest rates went up three years ago, it had a negative impact on 
demand. And as this retraces, we expect it to provide a positive fillip to demand. 
 
Lastly, we believe that the real estate growth will lead the demand revival in urban India, and 
this cycle will be visible in the next 12 months. The real estate multiplier to economic activity 
is the highest of any sector as it leads to job creation across the entire supply chain as well as 
wealth creation for homeowners. 
 
Speaking about our KPIs, the presales, embedded margin of these presales, business 
development, ESG and brand scores for the 1st Quarter. We achieved our best ever 1st Quarter 
presales performance, which was at Rs. 44.5 billion, growing 10% year-on-year. As I mentioned 
earlier, we are in line to deliver our overall guidance for the full year. Having delivered Rs. 40 
billion plus sales consecutively now for six quarters, we are now headed towards establishing 
a new base of Rs. 50 billion of quarterly presales, which should be the average number through 
the course of the full year this year. 
 
The embedded EBITDA margin for this quarter came in at about 33%. This level of embedded 
EBITDA margin has been achieved with the JDA contribution to sales of about 38% of presales, 
in line with our long-term guidance. We saw price growth of approximately 2% in Q1 FY '26 on 
a like-to-like basis, which is in line with our strategy to have price growth at around 6%, which 
is below wage growth, and therefore keeps affordability getting better each year. 
 
 
                                                     Based on an embedded EBITDA margin of 33% on the presales for Q1 FY '26, our pro forma PAT 
for the quarter is at about Rs. 9.5 billion, implying a PAT margin of about 21% on the presales 

 
done during this quarter. We are very much in line with our overall objective of 20% ROE on 
an underlying basis, which we have already achieved in fiscal '25 too. 
 
As far as new business development is concerned, we added five projects in this quarter across 
Mumbai, Pune as well as Bangalore with a combined GDV of about Rs. 227 billion, which is 
more than 90% of the business development guidance for the full year. I am happy to share 
that out of this, we have added about Rs. 84 billion in Bangalore, which is more than what we 
had added in the full year last year in Bangalore. This shows that landowners are now starting 
to see in Bangalore what others have seen in Mumbai and Pune, the strength of the Lodha 
brand, and the increasing desire to collaborate with Lodha for the development of their land 
holdings. This gives us confidence and strength that our growth phase in Bangalore will be well 
supported with land availability. 
 
At the end of the quarter, our net debt stood at Rs. 50.8 billion, which is 0.24x net debt to 
equity, well below our ceiling of 0.5x. This is despite significant investments towards annuity 
income as well as accelerated business development which we have done in the 1st Quarter. 
As we mentioned earlier as well, our debt levels are likely to go up in the first half of the fiscal 
year due to greater activity on business development and moderate in the second half of the 
year. Our average cost of funds on the debt stood at 8.3%, down about 40 bps for the quarter.  
 
On our focus of Do Good, Do Well on the ESG side, we believe that sustainable growth is a 
collective duty, and we are dedicated to nation building through impactful long-term 
initiatives. The Lodha Foundation prioritizes education, environment and human development 
with programs which are long term and deliver at depth. 
 
In the coming quarter, the foundation will launch one of its flagship initiatives, the Lodha 
Mathematical Sciences Institute. The Institute seeks to advance India's legacy of analytical 
thought through cutting-edge research across all areas of mathematics and applied 
mathematics. The Institute will pursue both foundational inquiry as well as real-world solutions 
to 21st century challenges. 
 
The Lodha Genius program welcomed its third batch with a cohort of about 300 students 
selected from about 7,000 applicants across India for a month-long program in June 2025, and 
this will be followed by a continued learning module through the rest of the year. 
 
On the environmental side, we now manage about 60 million-plus square feet of green 
certified portfolio and advance our low-carbon strategy with renewable PPAs exceeding 10 
megawatts, aligned with SBTi's targets. Innovations like nature-based cooling at Palava and 
UrjaAnk for household energy analysis reflects our comprehensive approach.  
                                                     Recognized by GRESB, DJSI, FTSE4Good and the World Benchmarking Index, we strive to build 
a sustainable developed India through our various initiatives, and ensuring that this 

 
development is not just economic but also environmental as well as around personal happiness 
and satisfaction. 
 
On some of the other performance metrics, our collections for the quarter grew by 7% on a 
year-on-year basis and came in at just under Rs. 29 billion. We launched projects with an 
estimated GDV of about Rs. 83 billion. On the back of the business development that we have 
done in the 1st Quarter, our launch pipeline for the full year now stands at about Rs. 250 billion 
with the balance being launched in the balance three quarters of the year with a heavier 
emphasis on H2. 
 
In terms of our expansion and diversification across different cities, our strategy of entering a 
new city with a pilot phase thereafter followed by growth phase is panning out reasonably well 
as it has done in Pune in the past and is now scaling up in Bangalore. We believe that the top 
few developers will be present in the top few cities of the country and the depth of their 
presence will improve the quality of the market as well as enable the consumer to get the best 
quality product irrespective of the city that they are living in. 
 
The strength and success of the developers will be driven by their processes and operational 
capability and the ability to attract and retain talent, and we believe that Lodha has an 
exceptional advantage in that area. This is evidenced by the growth in Pune, the scaling up of 
our team as well as the fact that this quarter the growth in Bangalore and the scaling of the 
team there and also reflected in the strength with which Bangalore contributed to the presales 
in this last quarter. 
 
In terms of our townships in the extended Eastern suburbs, we had about Rs. 5 billion of sales 
for data center and there were strong residential sales. At a broader level, we see that mid-
income sales are strengthening across the various different markets that we see typical mid-
income demand coming through, and that is heartening for us given the fact that luxury and 
premium sales anyway continue to perform well. 
 
On specific updates on Palava, the infrastructure progress continues to remain strong. As you 
know, Palava will see the delivery of several transformative infrastructure projects over the 
next few years, including the Mulund-Airoli-Palava Freeway, the Navi-Mumbai International 
Airport as well as the bullet train. The Mulund-Airoli Freeway is progressing well and we expect 
it to be significantly operational in this fiscal year. We also note that the Navi Mumbai Airport 
is expected to start becoming operational for commercial flights this calendar year. And both 
of these are quite positive for Palava's perspective. 
 
By the end of this decade, Palava will transform from being a peripheral suburb of Mumbai to 
a core suburb. And the bullet train connectivity, which will make Palava less than 20 minutes 
from BKC before the end of the decade will, of course, be a landmark transformation.  

 
                                                     Of course, there are other projects, including the 100-meter wide multimodal called out from 
Virar to Alibaug as well as the two metro lines which are passing through Palava. Thus, all in 
all, the infrastructure benefits to Palava continue to remain quite strong and are now visible 
on the horizon. 
 
To enhance the value of the residential development in Palava, we are consciously 
premiumizing the location. Last fiscal, we launched three neighborhoods, Lodha Golfview, 
Lodha Hanging Gardens and Lodha Opulis, which are at a premium to the existing lower mid-
income neighborhoods.  
 
This quarter, we launched a new villa neighborhood in Palava with ticket sizes of Rs. 5 crores 
and higher for the land and the villa, which also received a good response and takes us a step 
further in our journey to premiumize Palava. The premium segment contribution in Palava for 
FY '25 stood at 20%, and this will keep growing towards 50% by the end of the decade, 
contributing both to a new segment of sales as well as higher blended margins.  
 
Today, there is a significant gap in pricing between any core suburbs of Mumbai compared to 
Palava. And as this infrastructure plays out and we continue to invest towards build-out of the 
internal infrastructure as well as quality of life, we expect that Palava will deliver Rs. 80 billion 
of annual sales by the end of the decade with EBITDA margins approaching 50%. 
 
Lastly, an update on our warehousing and industrial leasing vertical. There has been strong 
leasing traction with further leasing of about 0.2 million square feet in this quarter to marquee 
names like Tesla as well as DP World, taking the overall leased area in this portfolio to 2.3 
million square feet. We now have an impressive list of clients including Skechers, DP World, 
DHL, Mitsui operating in our parks. This is not only adding recurring income, but also creating 
jobs which benefit in various ways, including the local communities. 
 
The industrial and warehousing ecosystem in Palava has emerged now as a preferred 
destination for warehousing as well as light industrial spaces for high-quality companies. This 
quarter, we are increasing our stake in the digital infrastructure platform in line with our 
strategy to grow our annuity income to Rs. 15 billion by the end of the decade. And against 
this, we already have visibility for just under Rs. 12 billion from the existing assets. 
 
Before I conclude, an overview on the P&L. As you may recollect, we have adopted the 
progressive percentage completion methodology for accounting of all presales done from April 
'23. For sales done prior to April '23, the project completion methodology continues to be in 
existence. We are now in the midst of the transition period, and we expect this transition to 
be fully complete by the end of fiscal '27. 
 
In terms of the numbers, our revenue from operations came in at just under Rs. 35 billion with 
a year-on-year growth of about 23%. The adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 12 billion, 
growing at about 25%. The adjusted EBITDA margin was at about 34.4%.  

 
                                                     This is an important point to note because the equivalent number in Q1 FY '25 was 33.7%, 
which shows that our margins continue to grow on a reported basis as well as on an embedded 
basis. Our quarterly PAT came in at about Rs. 6.8 billion, growing 42% year-on-year, and our 
operating cash flow was at about Rs. 9.5 billion, growing about 50% year-on-year. 
 
With these updates, I will now request my colleague, Shri Rajendra Joshi, CEO of the Bangalore 
business, to speak to you about our Bangalore growth phase. Thank you, and over to you, 
Rajendra ji. 
Rajendra Joshi: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. I would spend a few minutes talking about the 
Bangalore market.  
 
The total residential real estate market in Bangalore is estimated to be about Rs. 80,000 crores 
to Rs. 85,000 crores, growing at about 19% to 20% CAGR since 2021. The growth has been 
driven both by volume and price, with prices increasing by 10% to 15% in the recent past. 
Supply, however, has not kept pace. And as a result, the inventory overhang is declining, is 
currently at about 12 months, and it has been at the same level for the last three years.  
 
This growth has been driven largely by the salaries of customers essentially from three sectors. 
First, the IT where the Bangalore has been a base for large MNCs and Indian companies like 
the likes of Google, Microsoft, Wipro, Infosys, etc.  
 
Second, startups, both late-stage and well-funded early Stage 1s and those in consumer tech 
like the Swiggy, Ola, Razorpay, etc. Many of these startups also have gone the IPO route, and 
that benefit has trickled down in terms of real estate purchase. 
 
Third, the global capability centers or the GCCs, which have driven the office space absorption 
in Bangalore have also been a large contributor to the growth of real estate in Bangalore in the 
residential space. Overall, the market is growing in the higher end of the spectrum with the 
units about Rs. 2 crores having contributed to about 40% in the last year's sales. This clearly 
indicates premiumization of the market towards the higher end. 
 
Looking ahead, we feel strong job creation, sustained investor confidence in the start-up 
ecosystem and many ongoing infrastructure developments such as the upcoming North 
Bangalore Metro Line, the satellite town Ring Road are expected to be key catalysts for the 
continued residential growth in the city. 
 
Now coming to our journey in Bengaluru. We launched our first project in Bangalore, Lodha 
Mirabelle, located next to the Manyata Business Park in North Bangalore in November '23. 
Since then, our journey in the city has been marked by strong momentum and rapid growth. 
Over the last two financial years, which we consider as our pilot phase, we recorded a 
cumulative sales of over Rs. 1,900 crores. As we transition into our growth phase in the coming 
years, we see a huge opportunity to be a significant player in the premium segment at scale. 

 
 
During the pilot phase, our focus was largely on laying a strong foundation on two key pillars; 
the people and the brand. Talking about the people, building a high-caliber core team in 
Bangalore, combining the expertise of seasoned Lodha associates from Mumbai and Pune with 
new talent from the Bangalore market was our focus. This blend of internal experience and 
local market knowledge, supported by continued guidance from our head office has enabled 
the new hires to quickly align with the Lodha way of working, ensuring smooth and consistent 
execution across the value chain. 
 
Second, on the brand side, establishing Lodha as a premium brand in Bangalore, both through 
the strength of our product and the quality of our customer experience was another focus area. 
A key strategic decision during this phase was to build and showcase the clubhouse in our first 
project at Lodha Mirabelle even before the project launch. This served as a live demonstration 
of the quality Lodha brings to its developments and is now viewed as one of the finest 
clubhouses in the city. 
 
Additionally, we have placed strong emphasis on delivering a superior customer experience at 
our sales galleries, creating service standards that are unheard of in the Bangalore market. This 
has led to a positive word of mouth, both in the market and has reinforced our premium 
positioning. 
 
In addition, two factors, I believe, have helped us scale rapidly. One, we have built a team of 
subject matter experts in each functional areas, be it design, marketing, procurement over a 
period of time at our head office in Mumbai. This team helps the regional teams to absorb the 
Lodha way of working rapidly and supports the rapid scale up. Two, our internal systems that 
are built on a strong foundation of processes and policies help us in moving up rapidly in a new 
location.  
 
These together have not only helped in Bangalore scaling up, but I believe will help us in any 
future expansion in any new market that we enter. Thanks to our focus on product and our 
customer experience, brand Lodha has been received positively in the Bangalore market. Both 
customers and landowners now recognize us as a trusted premium developer. This positive 
perception has also enabled us to expand our footprint, as Mr. Lodha was mentioning, going 
from two projects in FY '24 to five in the last financial year. 
 
The new projects include two in the new high-growth Southeast corridor of Bangalore and a 
large 70-acre project in North Bangalore, which has a top line of over Rs. 10,000 crores over its 
project life cycle. As we scale, our strategic focus remains on premium and luxury development. 
We continue to actively evaluate land parcels that align with these criteria to maintain a 
healthy project pipeline. The high-growth north, east and southeast corridors of Bengaluru 
remain our priority, and we continue to explore opportunities closer to the heart of the city for 
a luxury development. 

 
 
From a people standpoint, we have scaled up significantly. From a team of about 100 associates 
in the beginning of FY '25, we are over 200-plus as of today across various functions. We expect 
this number to double over the next 12 months, in line with our growth expectations. As 
always, we will continue to leverage support from our head office, as I had mentioned earlier, 
while depending on the strong core team in Bangalore to lead and deliver this next phase of 
expansion in the growth phase in Bangalore. 
 
Thank you very much. 
Chintan Parikh: 
Thank you, Joshi ji. Avirat, we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Puneet from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. Hi. Good afternoon. My first question is, if you can comment a bit more on the pricing 
front in the current market. What kind of growth are you seeing? You talked about a 2% like-
for-like here, are you likely to see similar growth as last year? Or do you think the pricing 
trajectory has changed a bit? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Hi. Puneet. We shared our outlook for price growth at the end of the last fiscal, and we continue 
to maintain that our price growth will be in that range of 5% to 6%, which is somewhat higher 
than last year. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. And secondly, on the land sales pipeline, do you have a decent pipeline for you to 
ensure that land sales continue on a year-on-year basis? Or you think it can be very, very one-
off kind? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Puneet, we think that the land that we are selling for specific users, including data centers as 
well as industrial, is a recurring and predictable part of our business. The land which is acquired 
by the government sometimes for infrastructure projects, that obviously is unpredictable and 
one-off. But what we are doing for data centers, industrial use or such uses is something which 
we see good pipeline of, and we see that as a predictable part of our business. 
Puneet Gulati: 
That’s it, sir. Thank you so much. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies India. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple of them. So one on the sales growth, I understand 
that second half is going to be much stronger. So, which are the markets where you see this 
contributing, because we think Bangalore already off to a very strong start? So that's one. And 
second question is on Bangalore. Within that, how you are differentiating on product because 
we already see a lot of strong developers out there? 

 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Abhinav, thank you for your question. So across the different micro markets within Mumbai, 
Pune and Bangalore that we operate in, we believe that the sales growth is spread quite well 
across the board. There is not any one particular launch or one particular project that we are 
dependent on delivering our overall growth to about Rs. 210 billion, and that's how we like it. 
We see good demand as well as the availability of our supply in South Central Mumbai. We 
see, as we have discussed earlier in this call, a significant scale up in Bangalore. And we see 
continuation of the positive momentum in Pune.  
 
Our townships business is trending well because of the overall infrastructure benefit we have 
as well as the pickup in mid-income demand aided by the factors that we discussed. This full 
year will not see too much benefit on the infrastructure side because the Palava-Airoli-Mulund 
freeway will only be operational towards the end of this fiscal year. But even in spite of that, 
there is a good momentum there. So it's quite broad-based in our view, with no one particular 
outlier. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay. And sir, second question on the Bangalore side, if you can help. So my question is that 
how you are differentiating on the product itself? I mean, are you looking to have more of 
smaller ticket size, larger ticket size? Anything between that? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Abhinav, I do not think that we are needing to differentiate in a way which is driven by some 
size of unit. I think our differentiation lies in our product detailing, our design of the product, 
both inside the unit and outside, and our overall package of product as well as service, which 
together is what people see in our brand. Bangalore obviously has some very good developers, 
and they continue to do well. But I think there is a space above them for the quality of product 
that we do. As we have shown in the pilot phase that the market is willing to pay the premium 
for it, and there is good velocity associated with it. 
 
We tend to focus on homes between Rs. 1 crores to Rs. 5 crores with a particular emphasis on 
homes between Rs. 1 crores to Rs. 3 crores, but with higher per square feet price. As Joshi ji 
was mentioning, we are now in the process of launching one of our larger developments in 
Bangalore, which will be spread over 70 acres and offer products in an upmarket manner with 
a very convenient location close to the airport as well as a lot of good social infrastructure. So 
that, I think, will really augment what North Bangalore has seen in terms of quality of 
development. So really, our focus, and that's not a Bangalore thing, across the board is on doing 
sort of the best quality product and marrying that with our high service standards to deliver a 
superior living experience to our consumers. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Sir, just one last question, if I can quickly ask. Slide 57 of the presentation where you have the 
cost inflation. So, I believe this number was higher in the March quarter, so basically you are 
saying costs have come down on a Q-o-Q basis? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Sushil, would you like to comment on that? 

 
Sushil Kumar Modi: 
Yes, Abhinav, that's right. In the composition, it's a function of numerous items in the 
composition, right? So while there are a few items which end up seeing a hike, but there are 
equally offsetting numerous items which end up offsetting. So on the whole, if you see, it has 
slightly come down. This is the composition of the total overall construction cost. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay. And this seems to be holding as a trend or you will see some change here? 
Sushil Kumar Modi: 
Frankly, obviously, commodities, we all know that commodities goes up and down, numerous 
nuances are always there. If the U.S. exports on the steel side gets restricted with the duties 
on board, but there lies a potential that perhaps domestically prices may go down further. But 
nonetheless, the important point is, on the whole we continue to see, without really specifically 
talking about a single composition or a constituent of the cost, that on a CAGR basis the cost 
continues to be reasonably controlled in terms of the inflation. The impact is generally on a 
CAGR basis end up in being less than 3%. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay, sir. Great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akash Gupta from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Akash Gupta: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, my first question was in respect with your strategy 
in Delhi. So, could you give us some understanding as to what kind of business developments 
are you planning to do there? And are you planning to do any launch there? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
The Delhi NCR is an important market for us to get into. We obviously, as we have done in Pune 
and Bangalore, will only enter in a gradual manner. We will be starting off with a pilot phase 
with a moderate number of projects and a moderate level of investment with a view to 
understand better how the market operates and how we build out the supply chain for 
operations as well as sales. 
 
Our focus in this period is, first and foremost, on building our local operating team. We expect 
that we will conclude one or more land transactions either on a joint development basis or 
otherwise in the course of this financial year and hope to launch in the next financial year. But 
obviously, at this stage, the details are limited. We will provide a more detailed update once 
the first land transaction is concluded. 
Akash Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Sir, my next question was with respect to your Bangalore strategy. So, there are 
some news with respect to IT slowdown. Obviously, you have done very well in Bangalore. But 
do you think this IT slowdown story playing out and then impacting your Bangalore sales? So 
like how are we trying to hedge ourselves against that? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
I would like to use this question to emphasize that an economy is a sum of various different 
sectors performing in different ways. When IT was growing at 20%, 25%, 30% did not mean 
that real estate sales were growing at the same level because obviously, there is a composition 
effect. And vice versa, if some particular sector, for example, IT is going to have a slowdown 

 
for whatever reason, we are not experts in that field. It does not really take away from the fact 
that India is a broad-based granular economy. As a company, we have set ourselves not to be 
over-focused or over-exposed to any one sector or for that matter, any city or location. And 
that broad-based strategy, we believe, allows us to have the predictable growth that we have 
been talking about.  
 
So obviously, we watch all of this with focus and try to understand better. But as I was 
mentioning in my initial remarks, the fact is that in the month of July we are averaging, for non-
launch sales, about Rs. 275 crores a week. Now that really gives you a sense, if you take that 
Rs. 275 crores number moving towards Rs. 300 crores in the course of the next six months, you 
are talking about Rs. 15,000-plus crores of sales coming just from our non-launch on a steady 
week-on-week basis. And that really is the differentiation and strength of our business. And we 
believe that the Indian economy overall is quite resilient. The GCC numbers continue to add 
up. While you are seeing some slowdown in the IT companies, the GCCs are now probably 
employing 2 million or more people and that's only growing.  
 
So something goes up, something goes down. But if we are the most sought-after brand, if we 
have the operating breadth as well as the locational breadth, we think we are able to capture 
more and more of the demand. Ultimately, you have to note that we are selling 7,000 homes 
a year, which is just in unit terms a little over 1% of overall volume in the country, and in value 
terms probably 2%, 2.5% of overall value of residential sales in the country. So there's a long, 
long way to go before we penetrate in any significant manner. And that allows us to deal with 
these sort of ups and downs of some parts of the economy quite reasonably. 
 
I think the big picture is that real estate in India is at the start of a very long terms up cycle as 
India moves from low income to mid-income. There may be some days or some months or 
some quarters which are weaker. But that's the broad direction. And as our investors who we 
generally see as long term, we hope that as long as we are performing on the ground, these 
aberrations are not really coloring their perception of the big opportunity that housing in India, 
particularly from the top three to five brands offer. 
Akash Gupta: 
Got it, sir. And sir, one final question from my side. So basically, this quarter we had launches 
of roughly Rs. 83 billion, which is quite strong in the sense that we had Rs. 30 billion of launches 
in the 1st Quarter of last financial year. But our presales growth rate was just 10%. So, should 
we think that the sell-through was not strong enough or the reason was mainly because of the 
geopolitical tensions in the first two weeks of the quarter? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Obviously, we have not seen anything outside our projections panning out on the ground. And 
as I mentioned, July also continues to remain quite solid. So we are not seeing anything which 
we would not have otherwise seen. If you take those two weeks and you multiply it by the 
weekly non-launch rate, that's about Rs. 400 crores, Rs. 500 crores of lost sales. We will make 
it up in the course of the year. But if you were to just look at it at a quarterly basis, that's a 
difference between 10% and 20% growth for the quarter. 

 
Akash Gupta: 
 
Got it. Very clear, sir. Thank you so much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Tayal: 
Hi. Thank you. Abhishek, I wanted to follow up or better understand a couple of your opening 
comments. The first one was, you were talking about revival in urban growth being led by real 
estate as we look forward into next year. So, is this sort of more predicated on your view that 
supply was facing bottlenecks and that should sort of normalize from here? Or was it more to 
do with the fact that as the benefits of lower rates and inflation start to percolate down, that 
would boost sales? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Kunal, I think that environmental bottleneck which we are seeing is highly likely to get resolved 
this quarter. So obviously, whatever negative drag that has had on supply will get addressed. 
But I think the broader point is that we had a slowdown last year, the factors you all understand 
better than we do. And we are coming out of that slowdown through, we have had 
improvement in fiscal spend, we are getting more supportive monetary policy. And in this kind 
of rate reduction environment, typically real estate demand picks up, and that's what we are 
starting to see initial signs of in the mid-income segment. And hopefully, in the second half of 
the year, we will see some good meaningful numbers coming out of it. 
 
But when you multiply or sort of add that on to the fact that real estate has such a strong 
multiplier to the economy, both in terms of direct employment, supply chain employment and 
equity wealth creation plus homeowner wealth creation, it's understandable; and I would say, 
something which one can foresee that as real estate picks up, it will have a positive impact and 
therefore, raise overall economic growth. 
Kunal Tayal: 
Got it. Understand. And then the other one was this interesting metric which you gave us 
weekly non-launch sales. Abhishek, that trending up. Does it apply just at a company level? Or 
if you were to isolate just for the Mumbai trend maybe, do you think it would hold for the city 
as well? I am wondering if this reflects your market share gains in cities outside of Mumbai or 
improving demand within the city itself. 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Kunal, we have not broken it up that way. Since you mentioned it, we will also look at it that 
way, but we only look at it at the company level. But I can tell you that sales within Mumbai 
are performing quite well. So if your question was that our sales from Pune and Bangalore 
making good for some fall in Mumbai, the answer is no. Mumbai is also performing quite well. 
Kunal Tayal: 
Right, very clear. All right, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Hi. Good afternoon. And thanks for taking my question. So my question is regarding your 
comment about you seeing an improvement in demand in the mid-income segment. It would 

 
be great if you could provide some color. I mean, by what do you measure in terms of improving 
demand, is it in terms of improving footfalls or conversion rate, etc.? And the second part of 
the question is, I mean, let's say, over the next one to two years as we see more rate cuts, do 
we see the proportion of mid-income segment in our overall presales increasing? And will there 
be any impact on our profitability margins because of this, either on the upside or downside? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Hi, Parvez. Thank you for your questions. What I mentioned was that we are seeing the initial 
signs of a pickup in mid-income demand, obviously, it's very early and it will more be in H2 that 
we will get more real data. But what we are seeing so far is that we have seen higher conversion 
rates, particularly in June and July, starting to come through as the mortgage rates have settled 
down. Still very early days, so I cannot give you a huge amount of color beyond that, but we 
are starting to see that. 
 
In terms of what it does to our margins, I think our margins overall across the company tend 
to be around that early mid-30s number. There is not a significant variation by segment. 
Obviously, the cash margin in Palava and Upper Thane, the extended Eastern suburbs is higher 
because of the fact that the land is all bought historically, so we may see some benefit in cash 
margins. And I think over a medium term, over a two, three-year term, we will also see some 
uptrend in overall margins because obviously, Palava margins are, as the mix is changing, also 
moving higher. So, generally on the margin side, as we have spoken even earlier, we see some 
upside each year going forward, partly driven by operational efficiency, partly driven by the up 
cycle out of the infrastructure and other factors in Palava. 
Parvez Akhtar Qazi: 
Sure. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, on the BD. So we have almost completed our full year 
target, it obviously shows some confidence on the market. What's driving your confidence on 
demand? Is it market itself growing? Because since last one year we have seen volumes at the 
industry level mostly flattening out, so are you hoping that this will now grow? Or as you said, 
because of supply constraint its ability of top five, 10 brands to create enough supply and take 
a share of that demand that is driving confidence, yes? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
So, I think there are a few questions within your question. Do we remain confident about the 
overall nature of the demand? The answer is yes. As you can see from the performance of the 
key developers last year, it's a very strong year. If you look at the numbers for this quarter, very 
strong. So there is no reason why there should be any concerns about demand, especially for 
the top five developers. I will reemphasize this point that the sales of the top five developers 
are supply constrained, not demand constrained due to various factors, including the fact that 
consumers really want to upgrade their quality of life in a low-risk manner, and that's what the 
top five developers offer. So that's one. 

 
 
Second, I think in terms of a lot of reporting around the fact that volumes have been flat last 
year. Let's be clear that you cannot look across the entire real estate spectrum and treat it with 
one aggregate number of overall volume. Obviously, there is a shift within the segments, and 
we have seen that the affordable housing segment has degrown and there has been growth in 
the other segments. So the affordable housing segment, which tends to offer the higher 
volume of units, because that has degrown, there's been a fall in the number of units there. 
But the rest of the segments have actually made good, which has been why there unit growth 
has been flat, but value growth has been significant. 
 
So it's really telling you where the growth is coming from. And I think it's important to do the 
analysis in value terms rather than just in unit terms because that's what you would do in most 
other categories. In terms of how we see things going forward, we continue to see strength in 
the premium and luxury segments over the next 12 months. And we, as I mentioned earlier, 
we expect that in H2 there will be a pickup in the mid-income segment. We really do not 
operate in the affordable housing segment. So I have no comment on that specific segment. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. That's helpful. And on Bangalore, the large project that we signed this quarter, 70 acre. 
Firstly, I wanted to know whether it's a JDA or an outright. If JDA, I mean, there are a lot of 
incumbent developers eying for that market. Where is the preference for Lodha coming in, in 
terms of what our brand brings to the table? If you can highlight on that, yes. 
Abhishek Lodha: 
The project is in two parts, about one-fourth of it is an outright purchase and the balance three-
fourth is a joint development. The reason for the Lodha preference, we believe, is the same as 
it is in the other cities. It is about the brand execution capability, the pricing and the velocity at 
which we can sell, and the transparency at which we operate with our landowner partners and 
their confidence that we will generate the highest NPV and it will actually get delivered to 
them. 
 
It's really about an operating style, which gives a lot of confidence to landowners. And as Joshi 
ji was mentioning, as we have over the last two to three years scaled up in Bangalore, what 
was known in Mumbai and is getting more known in Pune is also now starting to get recognized 
in Bangalore that working with Lodha is a good experience for the landowner and working with 
Lodha leads to a fairly good economic value creation for the landowner. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. And just last, North Bangalore is also prominent for plotted development. Will we be 
doing plotted developments in this land parcel or it's more of group housing and high-rise 
towers that we are looking at? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
No, this is a very prominent location. Plotted development obviously happens quite in 
Bangalore, but that's happening further away. Plotted development is a category which also 
we might consider going forward. But this is not a location for plotted development. It's a very 
attractive location and very well located, proximity to the airport, proximity to the various tech 
hubs and a lot of good social infrastructure. 

 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Thank you. That’s it from my side and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Mendhekar from JPMorgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Mendhekar: 
Partly, the question is answered regarding Delhi NCR market, but have you zeroed down on 
the micro market which you see opportunity in? And any particular ticket sizes that you are 
targeting? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Ashish, no, we do not have that level of detail right now. I think we are looking across the Delhi 
NCR to make sure that locations which fit with our brand's premium positioning. And at the 
same time, have attractive dynamics when it comes to supply-demand and also profitability 
for us. So, we are looking across the board, and we will be able to provide a little bit more 
specific detail once the first land transaction is concluded. I think at this stage it's just a 
directional thing that, yes, we expect to be entering in the NCR in the next 12 months. 
Ashish Mendhekar: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Yes, hi Abhishek. My first question is on the launch pipeline for the rest of the year. So if I see 
total Rs. 13,300 crores is there on the new launches. And out of this, Rs. 10,000 crores is from 
MMR and Pune. So, in terms of NGT issue, so how will this get impacted if there is a delay in 
the judgment from the courts? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Yes. Pune is unaffected by the environmental clearance. Pimpri-Chinchwad and Pune were 
affected, but that has already been clarified and those approvals are now progressing without 
any hitch since the last, I think, about six to eight weeks. In Mumbai, I think the total value, 
which is affected potentially by these environmental constraints is at about Rs. 3,000 crores to 
Rs. 4,000 crores of launches for the year. So that's the value which we expect will get unlocked 
for being open to launch in the second half of the year, but that's the one which is currently 
impacted by these. 
Parikshit Kandpal : 
Okay. The second question is on the total presales for the quarter of Rs. 4,450 crores. So out 
of that, how much was the contribution from the new launches of Rs. 8,300 crores? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Sushil or Sanjay, can you assist with that response, please? 
Sanjay Chauhan: 
Yes, around Rs. 1,500-odd crores was coming from the new launches. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I mean, so the impact was largely on account of the May issue or because it seems to be a very 
slow conversion of sales in presales? 

 
Abhishek Lodha: 
No, we do not see it as being slow. Our business model is not this heavy launch, let's sell 
everything in one go model, which puts a lot of pressure on profitability. Our business model 
tends to be to sell about 40% of what we launch in the first 12 months. And therefore, if we 
have launched Rs. 8,000 crores, we would expect to sell about Rs. 3,000-odd crores in the first 
12 months from launches. This has been an average of 45 days from launch, so we find that it's 
very much in line.  
 
I think you will have to appreciate that our business model to that extent is quite different from 
some of the other developers who tend to benefit or want bigger launches. We like selling our 
product over time. We like making sure that consumers are fully appreciative of our product. 
And we like to make sure that we are pricing ourselves for strong profitability. So this is very 
much in line with our standard expectations around launch. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Ayush Raghuvanshi for closing comments. 
Ayush Raghuvanshi: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. I hope we have been able to answer all your 
questions. If you have any further questions or need any information, you may connect with 
the investor relations team. Once again, thank you all for joining the call today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Lodha Developers Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
