 
 
 August 06, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P.J. Tower  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA  
  
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Investors’ Conference 
Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of 
Investors’ Conference Call for un-audited standalone and consolidated financial results for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2025, held on July 31, 2025. 
 
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below: 
 
https://www.jubilantingrevia.com/Uploads/files/18q2consfileJVL-Q1FY26ConcallTranscript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
        Yours faithfully,  
 
  
        For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
  
  
  
 
Deepanjali Gulati  
            Company Secretary  
 
Deepanjali 
Gulati
Digitally signed by 
Deepanjali Gulati 
Date: 2025.08.06 
18:01:11 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
List of Management Attendees 
 
1. Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman 
2. Mr. Deepak Jain, CEO and Managing Director 
3. Mr. Varun Gupta, CFO – Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
4. Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head – Investor Relations 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
1. Siddharth Gadekar – Equirus 
2. Pradeep Thakur – Edelweiss Mutual Fund 
3. Rohit Nagraj – B&K Securities 
4. Rohan Mehta – Ficom Family Office 
5. Junail Shaikh – Awriga Capital 
6. Surabhi – NV Alpha 
7. Shreya Banthia – Oaklane Capital 
8. Harsh Mehta – Perpetual Capital Advisors 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Jubilant Ingrevia 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jubilant Ingrevia's Q1 FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then 
‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja – Head of Investor Relations 
at Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Taneja. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining the Q1 FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
I would like to remind you that some of the statements made on the call today could 
be forward-looking in nature and a detailed disclaimer in this regards has been 
included in the press release and results presentation that has been shared on our 
website. 
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia – Chairman; Mr. Deepak Jain, CEO & 
Managing Director and Mr. Varun Gupta – CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Thank you, Pavleen. A very good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining us on 
the Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. We are pleased 
to present the Financial Results for the 1st Quarter of this fiscal year. 
Our Specialty Chemical business has continued to perform strongly, growing in 
double-digit year-on-year and with stable performance on quarter-on-quarter. 
Our Chemical Intermediate business has started to recover marginally quarter-on-
quarter. Ongoing cost optimization initiatives have further enhanced profitability, 
with EBITDA for the quarter rising 29% year-on-year and profit after tax increasing 
by an impressive 54% year-on-year. 
Let me share the overall market update with you all: 
The global chemical sector is emerging from the inventory de-stocking phase. 
Specialty chemicals are seeing volume growth, though pricing remains stable. 
Commodity segments continue to face demand challenges, with prices stabilizing 
at the lower levels. The pharmaceutical end-use market continues to show steady 
growth, driven by stable pricing and consistent volume growth across various 
derivatives as well as intermediate segments. The agrochemical sector continues its 
upward momentum, driven by strong volume growth, both year-on-year and 
quarter-on-quarter basis. Average prices have been stable for last few quarters 
now. 
Nutrition market saw stable volumes during the quarter. Niacinamide demand 
remained muted as customers delayed purchases amid competitive offerings, while 
choline demand rose notably, with prices holding steady. With China Plus One, the 
macro-trend is creating more opportunities for us, especially in our specialty 
chemical segments, where we are witnessing healthy funnel across sub-segments. 
The recent imposition of anti-dumping duty in EU on Chinese choline products, 
Vitamin B4, is expected to significantly enhance our competitive positioning in this 
choline chloride market across Europe. 
Now, let me share few details on our future outlook: 

 
Page 4 of 20 
 
FY’26, we anticipate continued growth and improved performance, driven by 
advancements in our Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition businesses, and expected 
recovery in Acetyls portfolio. Alongside, we remain committed towards our Lean 
2.0 cost-efficiency initiatives to further improve our margins. We are on track to 
deliver the big CDMO order in early 2026, which should further accelerate our 
growth trajectory in coming months. 
With this, I now hand over to Deepak to discuss the business model in detail. Thank 
you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. A very good evening to all of you. I would like to thank you 
all for joining us today for the Q1 FY’26 Investor Call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
As you know, we launched our “Pinnacle 345” strategy last year with bold growth 
aspirations. In last one year, we have made significant progress across every 
building block of our new strategy, the early results of which are visible in our last 
few quarters’ results, with significant growth in our specialty and nutrition 
portfolio, and increased EBITDA margins. In Q1 FY’26, we continued building on our 
Pinnacle journey and achieved several new milestones. 
Let me share a few highlights to demonstrate the progress: 
The Specialty and Nutrition segment continues to maintain a steady and dominant 
position, demonstrating significantly improved customer engagement that is 
actively fueling a strong and expanding business pipeline. This portfolio now 
contributes approximately 63% of the company's total revenue and an impressive 
90% of its EBITDA, underscoring its strategic importance. 
Our core product platforms continue to drive growth and leadership in Q1 FY’26. A 
few examples, within the Pyridine and Picoline segment, we successfully 
maintained our global leadership and market share in both Pyridine and Beta-
Picoline markets. Under our fine chemicals business, we sustained a robust growth 
trajectory, delivering over 15% year-on-year growth. 

 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Our leadership position across a broad portfolio of 36 Pyridine derivatives remained 
intact, supported by strong customer engagement and operational excellence. We 
also witnessed encouraging momentum in our Diketene derivatives segment, 
characterized by high-capacity utilization levels. 
To support future growth and meet rising demand, we have already initiated 
capacity de-bottlenecking and expansion efforts for new product lines. Additionally, 
we expanded our cosmetic ingredients portfolio during the quarter, which has seen 
promising initial traction, particularly with key multinational customers. 
Under our CDMO business, the pharma segment saw a significant expansion in its 
opportunity pipeline, with the funnel doubling in size in the last few months. This 
growth has been driven by strong traction with innovative pharmaceutical 
companies and tier-1 CDMOs across key global markets, including the EU, US, and 
Japan. 
In the Agro segment, we started deliveries for first agro contract, progressed well 
on plant construction for the second one, and continued several other discussions 
with innovators. In the Semiconductor segment, we now have over 12 
opportunities in the pipeline, reflecting growing interest and demand. To support 
this momentum, we have made strategic investments in R&D and established a 
dedicated team focused on advancing our capabilities and offerings in this space. 
Under our Nutrition business, we continued to maintain our leadership position in 
Vitamin B3, particularly in the animal feed segment. Additionally, we are actively 
ramping up our presence in the cosmetic and food-grade segments, supported by 
the commissioning of our new production facility. In Animal Nutrition, we are 
witnessing strong traction in export markets, especially across Europe, with our 
specialty portfolio registering double-digit growth across markets. On the Human 
Nutrition front, we have established a dedicated team that is now scaling up efforts 
in Choline Chloride and Choline Bitartrate, and also developing several pre-mix 
solutions for marquee customers. Furthermore, 2–3 new molecules are currently in 

 
Page 6 of 20 
 
the pipeline, aimed at expanding our offerings and strengthening our position in 
human nutrition segment. 
In the Acetyls segment, we successfully retained our market share in both domestic 
and EU markets for Acetic Anhydride, reaffirming our position as a reliable supplier 
in these geographies. Additionally, we achieved volume growth across other key 
products, including Ethyl Acetate and Acetaldehyde, driven by consistent demand 
and operational efficiency. Throughout the quarter, we maintained a strong focus 
on cost optimization initiatives and have actively pursued capacity debottlenecking 
measures to support future scalability and enhance throughput across our product 
lines in Acetyls. 
The Key Account Management initiative is gaining momentum, evidenced by a 
noticeable increase in inbound inquiries across Pharma, Agrochemicals, 
Semiconductors, Cosmetics and Nutrition segments. Currently, there are over 70 
high-priority opportunities being actively pursued within the sales funnel, reflecting 
robust market interest and potential for future growth. To further capitalize on 
KAM momentum, we have strengthened our Business Development teams across 
key geographies including the U.S., European Union, and Japan, enabling deeper 
customer engagement and broader market coverage. 
As a result, we are witnessing a notable increase in revenue contribution from the 
U.S and Rest of the World markets, with the U.S. revenue growing by 11% year-
over-year and Rest of the World revenue surging by an impressive 45% year-over-
year. This growth has been primarily driven by the strong performance of our 
Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition business segments. 
We are actively upgrading our plants through a sustained focus on Safety, ESG and 
the disciplined implementation of 5S methodologies. As part of our Lean 2.0 cost 
optimization program, we have set a target of achieving annualized savings 
exceeding Rs 100+ crore in FY’26, and have progressed well in Q1. In parallel, we 
have initiated the integration of Generative AI within our R&D functions, aimed at 

 
Page 7 of 20 
 
accelerating pipeline development and enhancing agility in product innovation and 
formulation processes. 
On the CAPEX front, we continue to make strategic investments to support future 
growth and key capital expenditure milestones being successfully achieved. We 
successfully completed the plant modification for our first key agro CDMO order, 
and started the deliveries with a First Time Right approach in Q1 FY’26. Also, CAPEX 
execution remains on track for the $300 million big Agro contract, and we expect 
to start the supplies early 2026. 
The commissioning of the new boiler at our Bharuch facility is scheduled for Q2 of 
FY’26, with more than 99% work already completed. In addition, debottlenecking 
initiatives are actively underway to unlock additional capacity across our core 
platforms, including Diketene and Pyridine. We have also commenced detailed 
engineering work for a new multi-purpose plant at our Gajraula site, further 
reinforcing our commitment to expanding capabilities and supporting long-term 
demand. We expect to start the construction in next few months for this plant. 
With above progress, we are confident that our topline and margins will continue 
to show the expected growth trajectory in the next few quarters. 
Now, let me invite Varun to take you through the “Financial Updates” on all our 
three business segments individually and also give an overall financial update. 
Varun Gupta: 
Thank you, Deepak. A very good evening to all of you. 
Let me start with Specialty Chemicals: 
During the quarter, the Specialty Chemicals segment’s revenue grew 11% on year-
on-year basis on account of higher sales coming from fine chemicals and CDMO 
businesses. During the quarter, Specialty Chemicals once again achieved its highest 
ever EBITDA of Rs. 130 Crore and the EBITDA margin of 27%. The EBITDA of 
Specialty Chemicals grew by 52% on a year-on-year basis. 

 
Page 8 of 20 
 
For the Nutrition and Health Solutions business segment: 
During the quarter, revenue marginally declined by 4% year-on-year on account of 
lower niacinamide prices and shipment delays as customers opted for lean 
inventories. The sequential drop in EBITDA was mainly driven by lower volumes and 
marginal drop in prices of niacinamide. 
Chemical Intermediate Business Segment: 
Segmental revenue and EBITDA improved sequentially during the quarter, with 
revenue of 1.5% quarter-on-quarter, primarily driven by an uptick in acetic 
anhydride volumes. EBITDA went up by 170 bps to 4.4 bps versus last quarter, 
driven by our focussed cost initiatives in this segment. 
Regarding the overall financial update: 
The overall revenue during the quarter stood at Rs. 1,038 crore as against Rs. 1,024 
crore in Q1 FY’25. It is critical to note that our volumes grew by 5% in this quarter 
despite the macro challenges and typical muted momentum in Q1 in most 
segments. The EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 153 crore, reflecting a 29% rise on a 
year-on-year basis. The growth in EBITDA was primarily driven by margin 
improvements in the Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition business segments along 
with various cost optimization initiatives. The net debt of the company as on 30th 
June was Rs. 700 crore and the net debt to EBITDA ratio remained stable at 1.18x, 
calculated on the basis of trading 12 months EBITDA. The capital expenditure 
incurred during the quarter was around Rs. 54 crore, which was mainly utilized 
towards the upcoming CDMO agro plant at Bharuch and was primarily funded 
through internal accruals. 
In FY’26, we planned to invest Rs. 600 crore in CAPEX. The PAT for the quarter was 
Rs. 75 crore as against Rs. 49 crore in Q1 FY’25, witnessing an increase of 54% on a 
year-on-year basis. 
We will now be happy to address any questions that you have. 

 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Hi sir, good evening. So, the first question is on Choline Chloride. Can you give some 
sense on with this anti-dumping duty on China, what kind of opportunities this can 
open for us and what kind of volumes and pricing delta that we can see in this 
segment? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, thank you Siddharth. That's a good question and definitely an opportunity that 
we are very excited about. Choline Chloride, as you may know, is a core product in 
our portfolio. We have been doing it for several years now and we are the market 
leader in India with more than 50% share and we have been exporting it to other 
markets as well. Recently, European Union has put a 125% duty on Chinese Choline 
Chloride, which opens up an opportunity for us. While we are still getting a sense 
of the overall market, the initial numbers we have gathered from different sources 
run into tens of thousands of tons of market in Europe. We are already working on 
getting our product ready for European Union and we are hopeful that within the 
next couple of weeks, our first shipments will go to Europe. Once the product is 
accepted by the market, we are hoping we will be able to scale it up. Like we have 
created a leadership position for ourselves for Vitamin B3 in the European market, 
we are hopeful that in Vitamin B4, which is Choline Chloride also in Europe, we will 
be able to build a leadership position for ourselves in the coming years. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Just on the realization difference, what could be the realization difference between 
India and Europe because of this anti-dumping duty? 
Deepak Jain: 
It's too early to say that, Siddharth. What we do know is before the duties were put, 
there was already a premium that European market was paying to Choline Chloride 
versus what the prices in India are. With the duties being put, we are hopeful that 
the premium will only increase. The exact quantum of that, we will know once we 
start sending materials to the customers. We are in touch with the customers, so I 
don't want to speculate the prices right now, but definitely the realizations will be 
better than India. 

 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, secondly, the multipurpose plant that you spoke about, can you give some sense 
of what kind of CAPEX that we would be doing for the new multipurpose plant? Is 
this for the new customer or contract that we would be looking to sign up? Or we 
are just setting up capacities in anticipation of the demand? 
Deepak Jain: 
As I mentioned in my opening remarks, this is a multipurpose plant and that by 
definition will be serving several product categories in our fine chemicals as well as 
CDMO portfolio. Very much similar to the way our seven existing multipurpose 
plants serve our CDMO and fine chemicals business from Gajraula today. No, it is 
not a dedicated plant for any particular contract, but it is in anticipation of the 
products and the volumes we are expecting in some of our core as well as new 
product categories in the next year or so. For most of them, we are already in 
advanced stages of discussions with the customers and we are building or at least 
conceptualizing right now the plant in a way that there is enough fungibility in the 
plant to fit in multiple products as per the need. And linking it back to the other 
comment I made in my opening remarks, we are in discussion with our key accounts 
for almost 70 plus different opportunities and we are hopeful many of them will 
start materializing in coming quarters. So, we want to be ready with capacity as we 
get confirmations from our customers. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Pradeep Thakur from Edelweiss Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Pradeep Thakur: 
Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is, during the recent 
investor meet, the company had guided the additional Rs. 2000 crore investment 
that you would have done. You would reach a peak revenue of Rs. 8000 crore by 
FY’27. Does the management still maintain this outlook, sir? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Pradeep, you are right. We have invested Rs. 2000 crore and with the dedicated 
plant that we are building in Bharuch for the big agro contract, that Rs. 2000 crore 
will get completed later this year. But the peak potential of that, I think even in the 

 
Page 11 of 20 
 
investor day, was not Rs. 8000 crore, but we had said around Rs. 6500 crore 
depending on the pricing. And we maintain that view that from today, once all of 
this CAPEX gets fully utilized and hopefully in FY’27, we will get closer to that 
number. But as I mentioned in the investor, a lot depends on pricing as well because 
in certain segments, pricing is still volatile and has not come back completely. So, 
let's see how prices come back. But we do hope to utilize the capacity built through 
this Rs. 2000 crore to be almost 70%-80% utilized by end of FY’27. 
Pradeep Thakur : 
All right, sir. So, my second question is regarding the agro CDMO discussions that 
the company is engaged in, when can we expect few other agro CDMO contracts to 
be awarded to us, sir? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, that we are working on them and obviously we announced two last year in 
October. There are at least five to six more. I have been updating all of you in these 
quarterly calls. A couple of them are in advanced stages. It also depends on the 
global macro environment which has just started to turn around. So, we are hopeful 
in coming months or couple of quarters we will get more confirmations. But we are 
in constant touch with the customers. We have sent samples also in couple of them. 
So, all of that is on track. It's hopefully just a matter of time. 
Pradeep Thakur: 
Last question, sir. Now that you are seeing demand coming back in most of your 
segments, how confident are you that this demand will not fade away and there 
would be a meaningful recovery? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Pradeep, obviously like chemical business goes through cycles and we are 
coming out of a very deep negative cycle. And if you look at segment by segment 
agrochemical volumes, you look at the results of the MNCs as well as our Indian 
peers, we are seeing improvement in volumes. In pharma also, there is stability in 
volumes and prices are holding up. Nutrition is also by and large holding up the 
volume. So, given that, it's been almost 7-8 quarters of low volumes. Acetyls also 
by the way, as Varun mentioned in his notes, there is some increase in volumes in 
the last quarter. So, we are hopeful that we are coming out of the deep drop we 
were in. Obviously, if some other external global event happens or if the tariff 

 
Page 12 of 20 
 
situation moves against us, not just as a country but as an industry, then anything 
can happen. But at least at this stage, based on the indications we have from our 
customers, based on the results we are seeing of our peers as well as customers 
and our own volumes in different segments, we are hopeful that this will be a more 
sustained recovery. The pace of which of course varies depending on which 
segment you're talking about. 
Pradeep Thakur: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. The first question is the 70 molecules pipeline that you 
talked about. So, two parts, one is what is the kind of addressable market for these 
molecules? And second, is there any particular geography that we are 
concentrating either in terms of import substitution or maybe certain markets like 
Europe or so? So, just a little clarity on this would be helpful. Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, so I think while I will not give specific numbers, but what I can say is given that 
these 70 opportunities we have, we have kind of created by engaging deeply with 
our key accounts, 30-plus key accounts over the last two years, these are 
reasonably scaled opportunities. And at an overall level, the overall addressable 
market will run into thousands of crore. Now, of course, they are at different stages 
of maturity in our sales funnel. I'm hopeful that over a period of time, 70%-80% of 
that will materialize, but we will see. As I said earlier, it also depends on a lot of 
external factors, customers' own plans. But at this stage, we are quite well poised 
and we are doing everything from our side to give comfort and confidence to our 
customers that we are the right partner for these opportunities. To your second 
question, the opportunities are spread across the three geographies which I 
mentioned in my opening comments, which are EU, which has been a traditionally 
strong market for us, US, where we are focusing very heavily and we have doubled 
our business in FY’25 versus FY’24, and Japan, where we are relatively new, but we 

 
Page 13 of 20 
 
have gotten very good traction in the last one year there and we are getting new 
opportunities from there as well. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks. Sir, second question, in terms of Pyridine Picoline, where we have a global 
leadership position. In terms of the pricing, do we not have any material advantage 
given that we are the largest producer and we can dictate the prices to some extent, 
similar to what Chinese players usually do? Do we not have that kind of an 
advantage here? If not, what deters us in terms of the pricing volatility? Is it 
predominantly demand led or are there any other factors? Thank you 
Deepak Jain: 
We are the leader, as you rightly said. We run our plants at 80% capacity utilization 
in Pyridine and Picoline. We do have some price advantage, particularly in the US 
market, where we are sweetly placed vis-a-vis Chinese. We do get some price 
premium sometimes in the European market also for specific segments, particularly 
for Picoline. But I think that segment is driven more by our scale and cost because 
we continuously keep working on the cost structure and keep optimizing it and 
hence our imperative as well as intent there is always to ensure we protect our 
market share and run our plants at 80% plus utilization. So, while we do have some 
power to command premium, particularly in markets like US and for certain specific 
applications in that segment, our focus is always to maximize our volumes and keep 
our cost structure linear. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Thanks a lot and all the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Rohan Mehta from Ficom Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Hello sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. So, I wanted to understand what 
percentage of ethyl acetate in terms of is part of your chemical intermediates 
revenue? That's the first question and secondly, on the entire chemical 
intermediates space, I think we saw a bounce back in terms of EBITDA margins. Last 
quarter, you reported at about 2.5% to 3% margins and this quarter it's been better. 

 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Have you seen that that bottom now has been made and prices can at least stabilize 
in the interim at these levels? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, to the first question, Rohan, unfortunately, I will not be able to give you specific 
numbers, but all I would say because we never disclose product-level numbers 
externally, but what I can say is ethyl acetate is a key product in our portfolio along 
with acetic anhydride, the two products together form bulk of our acetyl segments 
and we are pushing hard on both and we have significant share of the market in 
particularly domestic market for both the products and we intend to protect that 
position and we have been growing volumes in both in the last few quarters, as I 
said in my opening remarks. To the second question, yes, we are hopeful. Acetyl 
has gone through a long low cycle now, almost 6 to 8 quarters and we have seen 
some uptick in volumes, particularly and applications in agro chemicals for acetic 
anhydride and some of the industrial segments for ethyl acetate, so we are hopeful 
that volumes will hold up now and as that happens and with all the cost initiatives 
we have taken to optimize our cost structure for both the products, we hope to 
continue to be competitive in the market and maintain our share if not grow it 
further. And with that, we are hopeful that margins should improve. Now, of 
course, that market is volatile so anything can happen within a week's time but 
looking at the fundamentals, the growth coming back in the key segments of 
agrochem as I was saying as well as pharma and some of the consumer segments 
where these two chemicals go, we are hopeful that we have seen the worst and we 
are coming out of it. The pace of recovery could be slower than what we have seen 
in the past for this product at least based on the initial indications that I have heard 
from our customers but let's see, I think we will have to see for another quarter or 
two, how this pans out and whether the volumes hold up or not to be able to draw 
any meaningful conclusion on the long-term trajectory. 
Rohan Mehta: 
My second question is I think one of your domestic competitors in the Acetyl space 
actually reported worsening EBITDA on this front. So, I'm just trying to understand 
was it purely the acetic acid prices which helped you or apart from your lean 
initiatives was there something more to the margins jumping? 

 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Deepak Jain: 
See, I will not be able to comment on any other player's performance, but regarding 
our business it's a combination like I said, our volumes have grown so that has 
clearly given us the scale. Our cost initiatives we have been continuously working 
on so that are helping us as well. Pricing has been muted in fact sometimes or most 
times, it has acted negatively especially versus last year. On a quarter-to-quarter 
basis, I think it's been pretty stable if I remember correctly. So, it's largely driven by 
the volume increase as well as the cost initiatives. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Junail Shaikh from Awriga Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Junail Shaikh: 
Good evening, Deepak. Firstly, I'd like to applaud the team for what you guys 
communicated on Spec Chem and you guys have been very consistent on the profit 
margins in that division. My question is on the choline side, as obviously the last 
four quarters in the nutrition segment, we have been in that Rs. 180-Rs. 185 crore 
run rate. I just wanted to see in the short term at least around 12 months out, what 
can we expect out there? I know you commented on that, but at least in the next 
12 months if you can talk about certain expectations that'll be great. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, so nutrition segment there are various forces acting on that portfolio and then 
part of it, we had explained in our investor day presentation also in February. So, 
on one side, we have our core Vitamin B3 portfolio which has both feed and now 
increasingly growing nonfeed segment which served food and cosmetic segment. 
So, for the food and cosmetic segment, we expect that to grow and with the new 
plant which got commissioned in March and is now stabilizing, we are hoping the 
growth will accelerate as we fill up that plant with new orders from a couple of 
marquee customers. So, hopefully in next couple of quarters, we will see a step 
change coming from there. The feed segment has been volatile, those of you who 
have been tracking us there between price and volume, there is always some 
volatility but we hope that from a long-term trend perspective, it will stay stable 
and with the US market opening up for us, particularly for food grade on Niacin, we 

 
Page 16 of 20 
 
hope to grow volume significantly there. The second component of that is our 
Choline, B4 segment where unfortunately prices have gone down significantly in 
domestic market, but we have increased the volume significantly versus last year 
and we are building a specialty portfolio which will again drive growth. At this stage, 
we feel the combination of specialty and exports growth which I responded to 
Siddharth's first question on European, we should be able to grow that portfolio as 
well. And third is we have recently started the human nutrition business and the 
rest should start hopefully to give us some upside in next couple of quarters. The 
combined effect of all of that, we are hoping the negative forces which come 
because of the volatility in the feed segment and prices of chlorine chloride will get 
more than offset by the growth in our specialty as well as the export growth. Putting 
together, we do hope to grow this business at 20%-25% year-on-year, which is what 
we have communicated in investor day as well. 
Junail Shaikh: 
Thanks Deepak and good luck. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Surabhi from NV Alpha. Please go ahead. 
Surabhi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Could you just break down your CDMO pipeline in 
terms of end-user segments, what proportion would come from pharma versus 
agro-chem? Within the pharma segment also, if you could indicate any major 
therapy areas that you would be contributing to? 
Deepak Jain: 
Surabhi, we have three parts to our CDMO business and some of this information 
we had shared in our investor day presentation in February which is publicly 
available including the number of molecules in each of the three sub-segments at 
that stage. That will give you a good sense but there are three parts. There is 
pharma where as I said in my opening remarks, our funnel has just doubled in the 
last one year with all the push we have given and mostly we are interacting with 
innovators and tier 1 CDMOs in Europe and US. The agro-segment as you would 
probably know, there are only four or five big customers, we are in touch with all 
of them and like I said in response to one of the questions, we announced two 
contracts last year, one of which we served the revenues against it in this quarter 

 
Page 17 of 20 
 
and the second one hopefully will start early 2026 and there are another half a 
dozen which are in various stages of discussions. Semicon is nascent for us as well 
as for India as an industry Indian chemical industry, but we have a dozen of 
semiconductor related CDMO opportunities which most of which we have supplied 
the samples for and we are hopeful some of them will convert into commercial 
opportunities, but initially we expect very little revenues from them because these 
are still early days for semiconductor chemicals for us as well as for the industry and 
customers are still testing waters here. 
Surabhi: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
I have one more question on the CAPEX. So, what sort of projects are in the pipeline 
currently in terms of the plans that we are likely to put up in this year? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Siddharth, part of it is the flow over on the Rs. 2000 crore plant we had 
announced. So, obviously as I said earlier, there is a big dedicated plant we are 
creating in Bharuch which will get completed hopefully by end of this year. That is 
the major one. Second is the boiler project which also we are expecting to fire 
within next month or two. Thirdly, we have existing multi-purpose plants in both 
Bharuch and Gajraula which we are debottlenecking and creating at least 15% to 
20% additional capacity to serve our immediate requirement. Fourth is the MPP8 
which I mentioned the multi-purpose plant in Gajraula which should, the detailed 
engineering has already started and we are hoping to start the construction in the 
next couple of months and on our niacinamide plant also, which we commissioned 
in March, we are doing some changes to convert it into a multi-purpose plant for 
the human nutrition segment. So, these are the four or five major ones and these 
along with what we have already invested and announced in the past as I was saying 
earlier, we are hopeful that the target that we have for FY’27 will have enough 
capacity in our system to serve that. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay sir, got it. Thank you. 

 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Shreya Banthia from Oaklane Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Banthia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. As we have reported a strong growth share of the 
specialty segment, so how do you see these on a sustainable basis, what would be 
the contribution from the specialty chemicals to the overall EBITDA going forward? 
Deepak Jain: 
Shreya, so specialty segment if you observe, our business over the last eight 
quarters, it has increased significantly. Now, Specialty and Nutrition together are 
close to 90% and Specialty is I think close to 65%-70% plus. So, we do hope that in 
steady state even after Acetyls bounces back which we are hoping in next few 
quarters as we were just discussing, Specialty will be at least at 65%-70% of our 
overall company level EBITDA. 
Shreya Banthia: 
So, could you give us some sense on the semiconductor opportunity, the molecules 
that are developing? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, so I just responded to the previous question, we have 12 odd molecules in 
different stages, many of them we have sent samples too and we are hoping they 
will move into commercial stage in near future even though we don't expect a big 
impact on revenue coming from these in the next few quarters because these are 
at least customers in the initial stages. We are just testing quarters and once they 
get comfortable, we are hopeful that they will start giving revenues. Besides that of 
course, I can't disclose what kind of molecules they are, but these are high value 
and low volume products and focus on synthesis part of the value chain. 
Shreya Banthia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Harsh Mehta from Perpetual Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Mehta: 
So, my first question was what kind of CAPEX is being done for the CDMO business 
and in the last call, you had mentioned that majority of CAPEX that I want to 
understand in the CDMO business, what kind of gross returns to assets, what kind 

 
Page 19 of 20 
 
of margins and what kind of working capital cycle will be there for the CDMO 
business? 
Deepak Jain: 
Harsh, so as we have been saying of the Rs. 2000 crore we invested, 70% of that has 
gone into specialty and most of it has gone into creating multipurpose plants or 
dedicated plants to serve our CDMO and Fine Chemicals businesses. Many of the 
multipurpose plants are used interchangeably to serve our fine chemicals and 
CDMO plants. Now, to the broad sense I can say that at least revenue level, we 
expect 1.2 to 1.3x at least and sometimes even 1.4 to 1.5x on the revenue to CAPEX 
ratio. The rest of it of course, varies so much based on specific products and their 
profile that it is hard to generalize. 
Harsh Mehta: 
And sir, one more question was that there is a new product that you started to 
export, if I am not wrong the key ingredient to produce pyronaridine, anti-malarial 
44.37, the average revenue per unit for this particular intermediate was $300 plus. 
So, I wanted to understand how big can this opportunity be for the company? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, I will neither confirm nor deny what you said. So, because we never disclose any 
specific information related to our CDMO products, but what I can say is this 
product, the one which we have started to export in this quarter, we are hopeful 
that in next couple of years, the full potential will be at least 4-5x of what we will 
do this year. 
Harsh Mehta: 
Right, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management team for closing comments. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
We thank you all for joining this call today. We hope we have been able to answer 
your queries. For further clarification, we would request you to contact me and get 
in touch with me. Thank you once again for your interest in Jubilant Ingrevia 
Limited. 

 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited, that concludes the 
conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. 
The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
