 
 
 
Control Print Limited, C-106, Hind Saurashtra Industrial Estate, Andheri-Kurla Road, Marol Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059, India 
t. +91 22 28599065 / 66938900 | f. +91 2228528272 | e. ho@controlprint.com I w.www.controlprint.com  
CIN. L22219MH1991PLC059800 
MUMBAI (Regd.Office). AHMEDABAD. BENGALURU. CHANDIGARH. CHENNAI. COLOMBO. DELHI. GUWAHATI 
HYDERABAD. JAMSHEDPUR. KOLKATA. NALAGARH. PUNE. 
 
 
 
July 28, 2025 
 
 
To, 
The Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 522295 
The Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol - CONTROLPR 
 
 
Ref: Transcript of Q1FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement),            
Regulations 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulations, 2015, read with para A of part A of Schedule III thereof, please find attached 
Transcript of the Conference Call with the Investors / Shareholders of Control Print Limited 
(‘the Company’) fixed through Kaptify Consulting held on Tuesday, July 22, 2025 at 12.00 
P.M. IST on Q1FY2026 of the Company. 
 
Further, the said Transcript will be made available on Company’s website at 
www.controlprint.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Control Print Limited 
 
 
 
___________________ 
Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Place: Mumbai  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Murli 
Manohar 
Thanvi
Digitally signed by 
Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Date: 2025.07.28 
15:15:35 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
CONTROL PRINT LIMITED 
 
Q1 & FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
July 22, 2025 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Shiva Kabra - Joint Managing Director 
Mr. Jaideep Barve - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY '26 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Control Print Limited. Today on the 
call from the management, we have with us Mr. Shiva Kabra, Joint 
Managing Director; and Mr. Jaideep Barve, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business 
and performance highlights for the period ended June 2025, their 
plans and vision for the coming year, post which we will open the 
floor for Q&A. Over to you. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Good afternoon, everybody. My name is Jaideep Barve, and I'm 
the Chief Financial Officer of Control Print Limited. Welcome all 
of you for the earnings conference call for the first quarter of 
financial year '25-'26. We appreciate that you've taken out time 
from your busy schedule to attend this call. Thanks for being in 
this call. Mr. Shiva Kabra, the Joint Managing Director of Control 
Print Limited also joins me on this call. 
 
For the first time joiners on this call, more information about our 
company can be obtained by visiting our website. For information, 
the detailed presentation has already been put up on the website, as 
well as in the investor presentation notification on the exchanges 
for this call. 
 
Now let me provide you some highlights on the performance of 
CPL for the first quarter. On a standalone basis, the total revenue 
for Q1 is approximately ₹109 crores, which is a good growth from 
approximately ₹89 crores in Q1 of last year. For information, the 
total revenue of FY '24-'25, '23-'24 and '22-'23 is ₹395 crores, ₹347 
crores and ₹295 crores, respectively. 
 
Regarding the operating revenue, the Q1 revenue is ₹100 crores, 
which was ₹88 crores in Q1 of the last year. We had an exceptional 
income of ₹3.99 crores. This pertain to the capital subsidy related 
to the Mask Lab, which is about 30% we invested in plant and 
machinery. The cost of goods sold is around 43% of the operating 
income. Manufacturing costs remain approximately at 3%. 
Employee costs are 18% of the operating revenue. 
 
Depreciation is about 4% in the Q1 and other expenses are 13% of 
the operating revenue. All the costs are in line with the business 
needs and in comparison, to the earlier periods. 
 

 
On a consolidated basis, the Q1 operating revenue is ₹111 crores. 
This was ₹98 crores as per the June '24 figures. The way forward, 
we will consolidate the coding and marking business, we will 
increase the installed base and will provide robust solutions. We'll 
capitalise opportunities in the Track and Trace segment by more 
focused marketing and the sales strategies. 
 
We'll increase revenue in the packaging sector, both in India and 
overseas through either of machine sales, co-packing and the 
laminate business. Overseas subsidiaries will continue to be 
monitored with focused growth targets. We have already provided 
the business plans, and they will ensure that they will be mandated 
for execution. 
 
Now we leave the floor open for questions. I and Shiva are 
available to answer all your queries and questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Jaideep. We will request the participants who wish to 
ask the questions to please use the option of raise hand. I also 
request the participants to limit their questions to two per 
participant, so that everybody has the opportunity to ask. We'll 
take the first question from Jay Chauhan. Please go ahead. 
 
Jay Chauhan: 
Good afternoon, and thank you for the opportunity. So my first 
question is, you have been very clear that scaling the cost-effective 
recyclable packaging material debottleneck for V Shapes business, 
especially for the food and cosmetic sectors. So could you provide 
some specifics like quantifiable milestones for this financial year 
in this front? 
 
For instance like, what volume of recyclable material do you aim 
to produce and at what target cost per pack, they bringing the 
solution becomes viable for a mass market cosmetic consumer or 
be it any customer? Can you please guide me on that? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So, Jay, this is Shiva Kabra. That's a fair question. So right now, 
our cost per piece for a standard six to eight ml type of a mono 
dose is about ₹2. In general, we are targeting to get down to ₹1. As 
of right now, we are not manufacturing anything ourselves. We are 
working on a fully recyclable package. It's still not complete. 
There's a speed limitation in that. So we are trying to work on 
overcoming that. So like I said, right now, it's costing ₹2 per piece. 
We're trying to target to get it down to ₹1 by the time we 
manufacture it ourselves. A regular sachet is in the region of ₹0.35, 
just so your comparison is there. 
 
And a thermoform would be in the same region. A thermoform of 
barrier would be actually probably more expensive, like it will be 
similar like about ₹2, ₹1.5, ₹2 a piece because a lot of material 

 
being utilised is quite a lot of material. So we're still working on 
the recyclable part, and we still have to start the manufacturing of 
the material. We are working mainly on the development of the 
fully recyclable stack. And once we do that, then we'll intend to 
manufacture that itself rather than the current structure, which is 
actually not recyclable. 
 
Jay Chauhan: 
Understood, thank you. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Jay. We'll take the next question from Rushikesh. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Rushikesh: 
Thanks for taking my questions. So my question is essentially on 
the lines of the competitive pressure. So how are you seeing the 
competition impacting the V Shapes and the mono packaging 
business right now? 
 
And I'll also put out my second question, like we saw the drop in 
the margins and the drop in the EBITDA at the consolidated level. 
And the reason that was mentioned in the presentation was that it 
is because of the higher printer sales that the gross margin has 
reduced. So I would like to have an explanation on that also, 
please. Thank you. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So as far as the gross margins dropping, I don't think it was so 
much because of higher printer sales. I think it was more because 
of higher expenses that we incurred in the packaging business that 
so we're still making a loss in that business, a significant loss. And 
that's why, so there's a loss abroad in CP Italy, which is where we 
are doing our packaging business. And there's also some sort of a 
large set of expense that we're incurring in India as we develop the 
business in Asia Pacific directly from Control Print in India. And I 
think those two things sort of are contributing to a variation in the 
results. 
 
As far as our coding and marking business grows, so I think the 
track and trace business is doing better. And what I would say like 
this year should be breakeven, if not profitable. So that's growing. 
And as the volumes are scaling up, we are seeing like obviously, 
because there's a fixed cost that's there. And as the volume scale up 
and we get more repeat revenue in terms of contracts, AMCs and 
stuff like that, the profitability of that business is increasing. 
 
So that addresses somewhat the gross margin question, but the 
reality is that, in our coding and marking business, we can increase 
the margins. We've not been taking up some price increases. And 
we've undertaken a price increase, which we announced about a 
month or two ago. 
 
So that's with effect from 1st August. So practically speaking, it 
will take one to two months to roll it out because customers are 

 
good at negotiating and all our other type of stuff. But what we 
should do is start seeing an effect from Q3 in terms of the coding 
and marking business margins increasing. We're also making sure 
that there's a little bit more tightness in the way we are running 
things overall. So that's where I'd say like where the margins have 
dropped. It's just more because of some expenses that have 
increased in terms of that. 
 
Like I said, even on the material side, in the packaging thing as of 
right now, everything is still being imported. So it's not like there's 
much of a margin in India or elsewhere because we're buying it 
from high-cost supplies in Europe. And honestly, it's not very 
much profitable on the material side. So we don't manufacture the 
material or we don't do something to sharply reduce the cost, it's 
not going to come down drastically. So that's something we're still 
working on. The second part of your question was on the 
packaging business. If you can just repeat that again for my 
benefit, please? 
 
Rushikesh: 
No, my question was essentially about the competitive pressure 
that you are seeing in the mono dose packaging business and V 
Shapes. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So there is no competitive pressure because as a patented 
technology. So we are competing against different technologies. 
So some people might use like sachets will probably be the 
biggest, I think, use of single-use packaging. Thermoform is 
another thing. So when you get into a jams and those things or 
your Amul and you peel off the top, that's like a thermoform. Of 
course, sometimes people use single-use glass bottles or tubes for 
expensive types of packaging. So and of course, in the 
pharmaceutical sector, there's some more specialty type packaging 
also which are single-use. So there's no apples-to-apples 
comparisons out here, there's apples-to-orange comparisons. 
 
What I'll say is this much, 95% of the market doesn't know that 
this packaging is there. So our biggest in India, where Control 
Print is present. If I look at the world, I think we like 99.6% of the 
world doesn't even know there's a packaging is available. So our 
first target is to improve our marketing to improve our reach. And 
also, at the same time, we've not been over aggressive because, 
like I said, we need to develop some things still. 
 
But at the same time, we also want to make sure that everything is 
in all processes are smooth before we try to really increase 
operations beyond the point because there were certain 
development projects going on, which are coming to an end and 
certain new developments to continuously increase the scope of 
what we're doing right now. So that's continuing. 
 

 
Rushikesh: 
So essentially, you're trying to like make the customer aware about 
this kind of existence of such kinds of products and basically 
convince them that this provides a better packaging than what they 
are using essentially right now. So you have entirely new product 
is what you're trying to say. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Absolutely. It's a different type of packaging. So you can't compare 
it. It's like comparing a tetra pack to a HDP bottle for packing 
milk. So tetra pack is a different type of package. It's not a pouch. 
It's not a HDP bottle. It's something new. So we've made a 
different type of product than what is -- so there's no direct analog 
in the market. But, of course, we're all competing for the same 
business, which are all competing for the single dose packaging 
business or single serve. So yeah, that's sort of where it is. 
 
Rushikesh: 
Just one last follow-up question. 
 
Moderator: 
Rushikesh, may I request you to rejoin the queue, please? 
 
Rushikesh: 
Yeah. Sure. Okay. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Madhur Rathi. Please go ahead. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to understand 
regarding the losses that we expect. So we mentioned that on the 
overall level, our track and trace should breakeven and there 
should be a ₹17 crores, ₹18 crores losses in our packaging business 
for FY '20 -- ₹10 crores losses in the packaging business in FY '26. 
 
But in Q1, if I just consider stand-alone minus the consolidated, we 
have taken a ₹13 crores loss. So are we expecting some kind of 
turnaround? Or how should we think about the losses going 
forward for the whole year? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So there were two aspects to it. There is one thing which is some 
sort of a foreign exchange gain that the stand-alone business got 
and a foreign exchange loss that came in the consolidation. And I 
think Jaideep can give you a better explanation about that. 
 
The actual loss in the packaging business abroad was in the region 
of ₹4 crores to about ₹5 crores. So we are expecting that in this 
year, by Q3, Q4, we'll be at a breakeven maybe for that packaging 
business, and we're targeting a loss of less than ₹10 crores over the 
year. So, obviously, we've had a certain thing. We have sold some 
machines for various smaller issues, a lot of those machines are not 
running online because the packing size has changed or something 
else is there. 
 
So as we get more machines to start working, the material business 
in that vertical will also increase, and that will also start helping us 

 
address a lot more of the fixed cost rather than lining up with the 
machine sales. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And just a second question on the Codeology and the 
Markprint business. When I go through their websites, their 
products are, so obviously, there's a complement to our current 
products. So, I'm trying to understand how is the competitive 
intensity in this business? Because as I understand, there is a lot of 
Chinese competition in these products because being of a lower 
value item than what a printer would be. And what would be the 
addressable market size for these products that we are hoping to 
launch over the next one year? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I think where Markprint and Codeology selling there's less 
competition. Markprint is more on digital printing technology in 
line. And we're using some of their technologies already in India. 
So that's definitely part of what we are doing in our own business, 
and we're getting some success in our sales on that regard. But 
their printers would not be selling, I think the cheapest printer 
would be like at least €25,000 or something. So I think they're 
definitely more expensive than anything we sell. That's why we're 
not importing their equipment or directly copying their design, 
because it's too expensive for the Indian market. So we've just 
taken elements of their design and incorporate it into our own 
machines. 
 
Codeology is more an end-of-line automation, it's just more of an 
solution business. And of course, we do print and apply equipment. 
And so, what we're doing is we're working with building up a 
coding and marking business out there and also absorbing their 
print and apply technology in India without really affecting what 
their core business is and what they're doing and making money so 
far. 
 
Moderator: 
Madhu, may I request you to please rejoin the queue please. We'll 
take the next question from Kumar Saurabh. Please go ahead. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Hello, so I have two questions. My first question is, currently, what 
is our capacity utilisation at our manufacturing premises? That is 
one. And is there any need of doing CapEx soon? 
 
And second question is the extension of a previous participant 
asked. So last year, we incurred almost ₹14 crores, ₹15 crores of 
loss at EBITDA. It's good we are taking these new initiatives 
because that is how growth happens. But next two, three years, this 
minus ₹15 crores, what is your estimate? And I'm not looking for 
an exact number or anytime soon, but two year, three year, four 
year, what is our timeline where all these three subsidiaries, what 
is the kind of contribution should come? And if we are not getting 
desired results, let's say, after waiting for two, three years, do we 
have a plan beyond this? These are the two questions. 

 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So good question. So I think like I said, we have given a two year 
plan when we bought V-Shapes, which is now CP Italy. So we're 
in the second year. So we bought on March 23, March 24, 2024 
officially. Honestly, this is the first time we've done something -- 
we purchased a company from liquidation and stuff. So what 
happened was maybe the time [Technical Difficulty] optimistic 
because it just took us six -- I mean, frankly, seven, eight months 
just to get everything running normally because -- and some of the 
-- what happened was, they already had an existing base of 
customers, to be honest. They had like some working printers in 
the market. So we're expecting about [Technical Difficulty] worth 
of material sales from the existing customers. But because of the 
liquidation process and the bankruptcy process stretched on for 1.5 
years, those customers couldn't run their machines because of the 
material supplies were irregular and support was irregular in that 
entire period for that two year period. 
 
So what happened was, a lot of those customers went back to their 
older style of packaging. So -- and they were unhappy, of course, 
for a good reason because, obviously, if you bought a machine and 
it don't. So we thought that all those customers will come back to 
us and we'll use that. That actually didn't happen. So it was a bit of 
a negative, to be honest, maybe -- so I think -- yes, instead of -- 
like I said, we're expecting by the Q3, Q4 to be like a breakeven in 
this business across India and be probably between the Track and 
Trace and the packaging business, maybe I think like ₹22 crores to 
₹25 crores is probably what we spent in terms of losses last year 
funding it, but it will come down this year. 
 
Track and Trace should breakeven this year or be profitable. And I 
think that definitely next year, the Packaging business should be 
profitable, although it's going to take a longer time because we 
want to continue investing. Right now, we have a sales structure in 
Asia Pacific and in Europe. We're going to have to keep -- in all 
regions of Asia also, we're not there. So we're going to keep 
expanding that. 
 
In terms of capacity utilisation, I think that was the second 
question. In the Coding and Marking business, I think we can go 
from about ₹400 crores, what we're doing right now to at least 
₹600 crores without adding any types of CapEx or any significant 
manpower. So I think we have that much [Technical Difficulty] in 
what we have right now. 
 
In terms of CapEx, there may be because we are working on the 
recyclable material for the Packaging business. Although it's more 
of an R&D expense, we might buy ₹10 crores to ₹15 crores of 
some pilot type of equipment for like lab, our lab lines because we 
need to [Technical Difficulty] testing, but it's very slow to get it 

 
done outside. So we might try to speed up that process so that the 
recyclable material, which is lower cost can be produced faster. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sure. Thanks a lot. And wish you all the best and I'll come back in 
the queue. I have a few more questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kumar. We'll take the next question from Hardik. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Hardik: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I just had a hypothetical 
question in the stand-alone Coding and Printing business. Is it 
possible for any one player to garner about 40% to 50% market 
share in the long run? And is it economically viable to wipe out 
that additional market share? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I mean, I think that everyone would love to have 40%, 50% market 
share. Yes, the thing is, so obviously, theoretically, there's no 
reason why it's not possible. And it is then smaller countries, you 
see a lot of time just a single player who might have 50%, 60% 
market share and then a few smaller other competitors in certain 
countries, it's more for duopoly rather than an oligopoly of four 
people or something. So it is there, and it is very much possible. 
But once the market share settle, which is sort of what the situation 
is, it's a bit of a dog fight to keep changing that. 
 
We are gaining a little bit of market share, but we're not -- 
obviously, I would like to be faster, but -- and it's the easiest, most 
profitable business because you already have a base, you have each 
and everything is best for us. But yes, I mean, I don't know why 
the customers would want to consolidate to one supplier in a major 
way. I'm trying to think it from another angle, like I mean, as a 
supplier, I would like it to be that person. But I don't know why the 
customers would feel like, oh, I don't want to do business with 
Domino or Videojet. And I wanted to do business with Control 
Print and increase my wallet share with them. So not sure. I don't 
think it's going to change that fast if you personally ask me. 
 
Hardik: 
So that is why the strategy to focus on the larger customers and 
maybe potentially cross-sell to them something else that might be 
of value to them. That's the strategy it seems that we have been 
taking for the last couple of years. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
The strategy for that was slightly different in that we were finding 
it difficult to now manage so many people and there's a certain cost 
of people. What's happening with smaller customers in India is 
that, the amount of business we get per printer in terms of inks and 
other things is significantly lower than what we get from a larger 
customer. And though at the same time, those customers are more 
price sensitive. The large customers are more focused on 
reliability, on technical performance, on uptime, on service support 
and having like a high level of sales in terms of technical skill and 

 
being able to consult them through the entire process so they 
understand what are the best technologies in the world, what are 
the best thing for their specific lines. The smaller customers are 
more interested in a cheaper supplier. So in the end, that's not 
where our USP is. We are more expensive, more on the high end, 
more expensive. 
 
Hardik: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Shiva, always for the elaborate 
answers. Thank you. All the best. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
We have more high-performance, not more expensive, more high-
performance. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Dhruv Achrekar. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Dhruv Achrekar: 
Hello, good afternoon. So my question is, what have been the key 
growth drivers across the international subsidiaries such as the 
Markprint Netherlands, Codeology Group from U.K., and CP Italy 
SRL over the past years? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I think the three very different businesses. Markprint was an 
acquisition for us to get into the digital printing space for us. So 
they are doing well. They are growing also about, they're about €2 
something million or whatever and they're selling more machines. 
So the Ink business out there is growing. So we value it on a 
multiple of the Ink business margin that we're getting. So that's the 
way we look at it. 
 
Codeology is more of an end-of-line automation provider, and we 
wanted to get in that space, because we felt that, a, we wanted their 
Print and Apply business because we want to add that product line 
into what we do. 
 
Dhruv Achrekar: 
Okay. So my next question was, how are the recent acquisitions, 
including V-Shapes SRL and Codeology contributing to the group 
consolidated revenues and profitability? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. So that's what I'm saying. So I told you like Markprint is 
about €2 million, they're profitable. So is Codeology. I think 
they're like 1.23 -- I don't know, how much of this Jaideep? £1.3 
million or something, they're also profitable. And I think if either 
one that's obviously making some large losses because we are 
investing in the Packaging business. And I'm not sure of the 
turnovers off-hand. But if you just take our basic difference in the 
consolidated and the stand-alone and most of it is the international 
businesses approximately. Yes, correct. 
 
Jaideep, you want to add to that? If you want more specific 
numbers, definitely, Jaideep is here. He's going to tell you right 
now. Hold on. 

 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. So, Dhruv, for the Codeology Group, the total group 
turnover was about £283,000, and we had a small profit of about 
£13,000 profit in Codeology Group. Markprint, the revenue for the 
Q1 was about €413,000 and there's a profit of about 20% on the 
net profit level. And CP Italy, sorry? 
 
Dhruv Achrekar: 
Sorry, sorry. Can you tell me again about the Markprint, please? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So €413,000. 
 
Dhruv Achrekar: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
And there's a profit of about 20% Markprint. And CP Italy, there 
was a loss of €384,000 in the Q1. 
 
Dhruv Achrekar: 
Okay. Thank you for your answers. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Dhruv. We'll take the next question from Keval Shah. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Hello, yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. So 
firstly, I wanted to understand the V-Shapes part. So there are two 
sub-businesses. One is selling machines and one is selling 
materials. So firstly, I want to understand that while selling 
machines, are we profitable in that? And along with that, on the 
materials side, I believe last con call, you had mentioned that once 
you sell 60 to 70 smaller machines, after that, you would turn 
breakeven in the material side. Plus, of course, you are trying to 
get into cheaper materials business also, the renewable side. So 
will you reach that kind of installed base or something -- will you 
breakeven on the material side as well by the end of this financial 
year? Or how do you say when you breakeven on the V-Shapes? 
Will it be on the machine side or material side or both? That is my 
question number one. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. So we are making a profit in both. The profit is higher in the 
machines in this business. The profit is higher in the machines than 
the materials, a. And in terms of -- yes, the machines, we've got -- 
we sold two large machines here, maybe two in Europe and about 
four smaller machines totally, but only like a couple of them are 
fully active. So we are struggling a little bit with all the niggling 
issues and the print issues and just some small stuff. And so, 
hopefully, we expected that stuff will start about like three, four 
months ago. But because of certain niggling issues, some of the 
machines -- our supplies are delayed. So we've been -- like one 
machine was supposed to be installed like in May, it's not even 
reached India as yet and stuff like that. 
 
So we're struggling a little bit with the whole logistics and the final 
installation, it's a new challenge for Control Print also, because 

 
we're normally used to selling machines and getting in and out like 
the engineer goes, puts the machine and it's more standardised, we 
get out in two days, we are done. So it's a new game for us also. 
But yes, the machines are more profitable than the [Technical 
Difficulty]. For us right now, the focus of the materials to get the 
cost down and get the recyclable structure, which is especially 
important in Europe and America. 
 
Keval Shah: 
So just to confirm, you said that even on the material side, you are 
profitable with the higher cost material that you have right now. If 
you find a solution of a lower cost material, then the profitability 
will further increase on the materials business. Is that correct? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No. As I said the higher cost material when it goes to the customer 
is costing about ₹2 a pack. The margins aren't particularly high, 
because we're importing it from Europe. And there is a certain 
amount of wastage. The Italians do make money on the material 
because they sell it at a higher price than us. What I said is that, we 
want to get the material cost down to ₹1, which we can do when 
we manufacture it in-house. And we are waiting because we're 
doing an R&D project in terms of a fully recyclable structure, 
which is also a demand from many customers like a homopolymer 
fully recyclable structure. So we are close on that, but we're not 
quite there. So we just want to get that structure up and running 
before we really focus on manufacturing it in-house. Right now, 
we continue to purchase everything from Italy and as said, Europe. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Sure. And my second question is on the Middle East side. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
And we're not manufacturing anything whether in CP Italy or in 
Control Print. We're importing it from outside suppliers. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Okay. Okay, sure. Thank you. And second question is on the 
Middle East part. You have set up a subsidiary there. So what's 
your thought process on the Middle East market? How big would 
be the market over there? And from when do you see the sales 
starting, etc? Some thought colour on that front also, please? 
Thank you. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So that's not a large subsidiary of ours. It's going to have 
like a total of three or four people across Asia, Middle East and 
Africa. That's what we are envisaging like our focus on that. So 
what's happening is, we have a bunch of customers here, and we 
have a bunch of verticals in which we are very strong and we're 
known. So for things like steel, cement, things like piping and so 
on. So we are just focusing on certain sectors where we are already 
working and to try to take advantage of the same myself. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Okay, thank you. And ₹10 crores, ₹15 crores… 
 
Moderator: 
May I request you to rejoin the queue please? 

 
 
Keval Shah: 
Sure, okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Deepan Sankara. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Deepan Sankara: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thanks a lot for the opportunity. So, 
firstly, on the stand-alone business, we have seen 500 bills kind of 
production in gross margins. So what is the kind of revenue mix 
we have during this quarter as compared to year-on-year? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Could you just repeat the last line? I just missed out, Deepan. 
 
Deepan Sankara: 
Yeah. Revenue mix split in terms of printer and the consumables 
and these services part. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Sure. So, for the Q1 of FY '25-'26, the breakup between the 
printers, consumables, spares and services is 11%, 62%, 12%, 
14%. 
 
Deepan Sankara: 
Okay. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
And if you want to compare it to the full financial year of '24-'25, 
it was 14%, 66%, 7% and 13%. 
 
Deepan Sankara: 
How it was last year Q1? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Last year lower in which sense, like. See, this is a cyclical thing. I 
mean, we cannot exactly predict and also depends upon the 
momentum of production the customers faces. So it depends upon 
how much is produced, so our demand for other consumables 
increase or decrease. So we take year-on-year numbers for 
comparison. 
 
Deepan Sankara: 
Okay, thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Deepan. We'll take the next question from Saket 
Kapoor. Please go ahead. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Greetings and thank you for the opportunity. Just if you consider 
Slide no. 22, wherein we have shown our brief financials for the 
consolidated part. So therein, we have seen our EBITDA declining 
from ₹20 Cr to ₹18.5 Cr. So if you could just elaborate what are 
the key factors that has led to the same? And I have a couple of 
points, firstly, to mention in terms for Jaideepji that, when we are 
mentioning about the breakup... 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Can I answer this question, then we just take the next question? Is 
that right? 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, fine. 

 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So essentially, the EBIT that has decreased at a consolidated level. 
It's mainly because we had certain losses in the packaging 
business. I think the track and trace, in fact, this quarter is close to 
breakeven. So it was not that. Last year, in Q1, because we had just 
purchased the company and there were certain reserves and certain 
other things in stock, we didn't actually lose that much money last 
year Q1. 
 
Maybe I think comparatively, it was less. Now, what's happened, 
like I said is that, our coding and marking business was okay 
performance this quarter, but to improve the gross margins of our 
coding and marking business which have dropped a couple of 
percent, we are going for a price increase, like I said, starting 1st of 
August, so it should start in a few days. 
 
And practically speaking, we'll not see the difference before like 
1st October. So we'll really see the difference in Q3 and Q4. So 
like I said, it's mainly other expenses, certain other material 
expenses that are increasing as a result of the packaging business 
scale up. Track and trace has definitely turned around because the 
fixed costs are now at least to that extent being almost covered by 
the mono business we are doing. So that's where the margins are 
changing. 
 
The gross margins of our coding and marking business have not 
really changed and maybe like 1% or something, but not 
fundamentally changed. Consolidation of different businesses that 
are making this difference. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Can you give the number for track and trace contribution for the 
first quarter in terms of the revenue? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So we don't give it independently, but 10% of the business 
approximately in the standalone was packaging and track and trace 
combined. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And for consol level? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Is it about right, Jaideep? Just let me confirm that. I think 
approximately it was about 10% or so. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, approximately, yes. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
You mentioned 10% on stand-alone basis. So what would be the 
number and consol? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So, obviously, consolidated will be higher because then the 
packaging business from abroad and stuff comes into play. So that 
would be higher than this digital printing. So then it's more 

 
difficult to compare. Jaideep, if you have the number, just you can 
provide? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So, Saketji, for the CP Italy operations for the Q1, we have 
incurred a loss of €384,000. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
In rupee terms, how much it will be? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So it will be about ₹4.5 crores, ₹4.5 crores to ₹5 crores. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
One small request to you, Jaideepji. So since we are all dealing in 
Indian rupees, gaining, losing money in Indian rupee, if we could 
just translate that number and provide all the sales and the revenue 
being translated into rupees, that would suffice a lot of questions. 
And also in the presentation, if we can provide this breakup of 
sales for Codeology, Markprint and CP going ahead, that answers 
a lot of the questions and the margin profile is also clear, which 
you are sharing right now during the call. If this can be looked 
into… 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Sure, Saket. Yeah, Saket, your point is noted. For the next con call, 
for the earnings call, we'll definitely like look into giving you 
information in that manner. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And also the breakup of printer, consumables, spares. This is a 
repeated questions from investor. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Sure, we will give. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I mean, the problem is that, our competitors don't have to give this 
level of information. So, obviously, it makes us unhappy. That's 
the main issue that's there, like because Domino and Videojet. 
Domino have to disclose how much their digital printing business 
is, their digital print. So sometimes we don't disclose less, but we'll 
try to give it more. It's not that I don't think it's a competitive issue 
for us. So we will provide that. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
In the listed space, I think so we, as investors and analysts must 
have an understanding what narrative you are giving and what path 
we are gliding? Are they coinciding or not? And what factors will 
lead to the confluence of the same? The Q1 numbers somehow 
have not gone well with the Street. This is very well-known with 
the enterprise value getting eroded over a period of last two trading 
sessions. 
So 
investors 
and 
analysts 
must 
have 
correct 
understanding of what the state of affairs are for the existing 
business and also the future business where we are investing in a 
continuous manner. And you have already outlined the factors to 
us that has led to the lower profit. 
 
So that was my reason why we wanted more understanding on the 
same because that's going to impact your enterprise value. 

 
Domino's and others are not listed space. So they do not have that 
compulsion on their hands. Second point was, in this quarter, we 
have seen this purchase of stock in trade line item also being 
higher, whether it is stand-alone or in the consol. So what explains 
this nature to Jaideep, and also the employee benefit costs have 
also gone up first quarter? Yes. So if you could explain these two? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So the first point was related to the purchase of stock in trade. So 
what we have is that, in India in the stand-alone thing, we got a 
separate division called Packaging division, which purchases 
machines from CP Italy and sells it to the local domestic customers 
in India. So that is the reason why like in this quarter, we have sold 
two machines. So the purchase cost was there for these two 
machines. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
And Saketji, like I said, as of right now, we're also purchasing all 
the materials that we're supplying. So it's not only the machines, 
even the materials are purchased directly from our suppliers in 
Europe. So whatever the packaging business essentially is mainly a 
trading business. When we start making the materials out here, 
then there will be a change and we'll see some more changes out 
there. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
One question I have. 
 
Moderator: 
Saketji, may I request you to please rejoin the queue? 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Please give me opportunity at the end again. 
 
Moderator: 
Sure. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Manan Shah. Please go ahead. 
 
Manan Shah: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. You had mentioned 
earlier that we were focusing on the Pharma segment for our track 
and trace. So any major breakthrough or client addition that you've 
had over here in the current quarter or in the near future? If you 
can highlight or give some colour on that, that will be very helpful. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So primarily, we are focusing on two major customers right 
now. We are still rolling out our solution out there. We have a few 
different cases going on at smaller levels, but we are fully occupied 
with these two large customers. So, of course, in stages, only when 
they sign off, then the billing gets complete and things happen. So 
it's definitely these are the two. I'd say, the two large customers, 
both in the top 10 easily of India, if not bigger. And once we roll 
out with these two, then we'll focus on other customers because 
[Technical Difficulty]. 
 

 
Moderator: 
I think we lost, Shiva. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, I don't know if you guys heard me. I said we have two of the 
major top 10 customers. We're doing some innovative things with 
them. Once we install those, we complete that entire installation 
and it's live and they can see what's there in the market, it will then 
be easier for us to approach other large customers. So there's some 
bunch of small to midsized projects going on. Whether these two, 
like say, more company-wide type sales or projects that we are 
working on. 
 
And once that's fully online, then definitely it will be a massive 
benefit to us. There is a lot of technical new things that we are 
working on, and we're trying to cross each bridge as it comes. So 
it's a good solution and definitely I'm quite bullish on that. 
 
Manan Shah: 
Understood. And my next question was on the packaging side. 
You mentioned that we've sold two machines, I believe they're 
sold in the domestic market. So what are the end industry where 
we've sold these two machines? And also, V Shapes recently 
participated at the CMPL Expo at Jio. So, any colour or how was 
the response to the Expo or any sort of leads that you were able to 
generate over there, that will be very helpful. Thanks. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay. So, Tushar, to answer your question, we have four machines 
or five machines we sold in India. I think like two or three are in 
honey  and two are nutraceuticals and one is in cosmetics, okay? 
So nutraceuticals stuff like not exactly pharmaceutical, it's more 
like cough syrup, like or Shilajit  or Ashwagandha, those types of 
guys. So two nutraceuticals, two in honey, and one is actually in 
the Middle East, it's in Gulf, two are in the Gulf -- two are not in 
India, like one is abroad, four in India. Two in honey, one is in 
cosmetics and two are in nutraceuticals. 
 
The second part you asked about the CMPL, yeah, it was a very 
good response actually. Even elsewhere, we've been having a good 
response. So what's happening is that, one of the things we have 
invested in the last year or so is to set up co-packaging facility for 
cosmetics in Nalagarh and also a co-packaging facility for food in 
our Nalagarh factory. 
 
And this is basically what we're doing a lot of inquiries for 20,000, 
30,000 pieces. People want to give a sample with the other 
materials, a couple of lakhs here and there. So more than people 
purchasing the machine, they want to test the packaging out on the 
market. So now the problem -- I mean, if you're in the packaging 
industry, you'll understand that printing and making a volume 
which is quite low is very difficult. But we've taken the strategic 
call recently that we will take those lower volume pieces on more 
as a marketing cost rather than any great revenue that we're getting 
for the co-packaging or any benefit. 

 
 
But that's where the situation is. So it's a positive exhibition from 
what my knowledge is, I didn't actually attend myself, but this is 
what I got feedback from the team. 
 
Manan Shah: 
Sure, thanks. That was very helpful. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Manan. We'll take the next question from Tushar 
Talwar. Please go ahead. 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
Thank you so much. My question was around actually going back 
to the pharma side. There's been some literature which has been 
going 
around 
in 
pharma 
magazines 
and 
all 
that 
the 
anticounterfeiting measures that were put in place by the 
government, they're not really working out as expected. So my 
question was that in terms of the two customers that we are 
working with, are these issues that they're also looking to solve in 
the course of our pilots or whatever we are doing with them? And 
what is your larger perspective on this counterfeiting issue and 
how it will pan out for us in the future? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So this is a very tricky thing for me to answer because I don't know 
how much like normally every customer is assumed even whether 
we sign an NDA specifically or not, like it is confidential till they 
allow us a specific disclosure. But, yes, there are some innovative 
aspects to it. We have like about three or four -- we have three key 
patents in our Track and Trace division, and we are utilising all 
three in this particular instance. And we're combining that with our 
digital printing technologies. So we're really going for a pretty 
comprehensive solution for the customers. 
 
Definitely, I can say tell you that in general, in the pharmaceutical 
space, the counterfeiting is one of the key issues that's there. We 
are also working quite aggressively on ensuring that these issues or 
shortcoming of the current market solutions are addressed. I can't 
really go beyond that until I get a specific permission from the 
customers at hand, and I can't tell you beyond this. 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
Sure. No problem. The second question I had was regarding the 
comment that you made that right now, we are not sourcing the 
raw materials. We are not -- we are just doing trading in the raw 
materials right now for the Packaging division. And you had said 
that in the future, we might look into doing this in-house. With 
respect to that, I just wanted to understand that when we talk about 
taking it in-house, are we talking about setting up polymer 
compounding facilities within our premises? Or is it more involved 
or complex CapEx than that if and when that was to happen? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So right now, like I said, we are still working on -- we are going to 
spend a certain amount of money because we need to finalise this 
recyclable package. We are making progress, but it's being slow. 

 
So that's what our initial CapEx is and also we can make pilot 
levels of production, both of the things. We just want to finalise 
our exact configuration going abroad, because that depends on -- 
depending on that sort of set up what sort of line equipment we are 
ordering. 
 
It is more of a film and extrusion -- sheet extrusion and those types 
of processes that are there. It's not super complex, but it will 
require an expansion of the facility or a separate area because the 
amount of material that's flowing through in that type of a business 
would surely be higher than what we do in our inks and whatever 
other stuff it is. And in Guwahati, frankly also a little bit 
logistically difficult to manage the entire country from there for 
this type of material also, reexporting from here to all the other 
machines that we sold all over the world. So, obviously, then it's 
not only we're manufacturing for India, we're manufacturing for all 
of -- wherever Control Print sells these machines everywhere in the 
world. 
 
So -- but I mean, again, it's a bit futuristic. We've not finished our 
development aspect. And at the same time, most importantly, we 
have some plans in mind, and obviously, we are working on 
certain things. But like I said, we also want to make sure that the 
volume is at least enough to -- so the first target is to get the pilot 
stuff done and develop all the stuff, and at the same time, cut down 
the losses and increase the sales pace so that we're not just 
investing and investing and investing and then not being able to 
even utilise the capacity at a fraction. So that's obviously 
something that is there. 
 
So right now, our focus is more on investing more on the sales 
network. Our margins are higher on the machine. And in the short- 
to medium-term, that's actually going to drive our business more 
than the materials. We can always manufacture the materials and 
increase our margins whenever you want -- whenever we are ready 
for that. 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
All right. That's all from my side. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Tushar. We'll take the next question from Devanshu. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Devanshu: 
So two questions. Just the first question, can you talk a bit about 
the people running or heading the new businesses that we have? 
Are they people from in-house? Are they external hires? Can you 
talk a little bit about their background? I'm specifically more 
interested about the larger new companies that we've taken on, so 
Packaging and Track and Trace specifically. And when it comes to 
recruitment requirement, are we done with that? Or are we still 
hiring people? So when will the employee cost stabilise in that 
sense? 

 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay. So I'm just going to answer your both the questions. So the 
Track and Trace business is actually been run by a doctor, like an 
MD type of doctor. And he is someone we recruited, because he 
was interested in this space and they had started something. So it's 
more of an acquisition where we actually let go for own develop 
and we felt their product was better. The person on the technical 
side is more of a blockchain specialist. And of course, there's the 
rest of the technical team there. So that's also one of the reasons, of 
course, why the employee costs have increased because a lot of 
these people are expensive people and so on as compared to maybe 
more standard types of sales and service engineers that we have in 
the core coding and marking business. 
 
CP Italy is still run by Christian Burattini. He was a Founder of V-
Shapes and also the creator of this technology. He's an inventor 
himself and he's on the key patents of V-Shapes. And he's also 
running the business overall. So we are trying to supplement that 
with more managerial experience. The person who's running the 
Packaging business in India is ex the Head of Flex Engineering. 
UFlex had a sort of engineering division packaging machines. So 
he's a Head of -- he was a former Head of Sales for Flex 
Engineering. 
 
And yeah, Markprint is being run by its Founder [Technical 
Difficulty] also been in the business, and he was working 
previously at mark in the March for many years, maybe 15 years or 
something before he started Markprint [Technical Difficulty] brief 
about those guys. 
 
Anything else -- and in terms of employee hires, yeah, so there was 
some cost there. We don't need people much right now. In fact, 
we're trying to focus on managing the amount of people we need. 
There has been some stuff because in the packaging, there has been 
a scale out. So we have got some people who are working abroad 
at various geographies and certain things like that. So the same 
thing, we've added some more people in Italy. So we might need 
like four, five more sales people only across the Packaging and 
Track and Trace sectors. 
 
So overall, I don't see the headcount increasing now. Maybe three, 
four people, if we actually -- maybe three, four people who 
manufacture these pilot materials that we are working on. So I 
don't see like a major increase in people for sure. So I think we've 
put on a lot of those employees that are there. There might be some 
changes up and down. Obviously, the division becomes profitable. 
Some of these guys have a performance bonuses and profit sharing 
things in their own divisions and stuff like that. So that might 
increase, but the fixed cost should not go up long much. 
 

 
Devanshu: 
So just a follow-up on this. So ₹100 crores employee cost annual 
run rate is good for now to assume? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
On a consolidated basis, I don't think it's going to be that much. 
 
Devanshu: 
We did about ₹24 crores… 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
More than ₹24 crores in the first quarter, but I don't think it should 
remain that much. So we can get back to you with more details on 
that. There is certain employee costs abroad. So I think it will 
remain the same. 
 
Jaideep, I mean, I don't know how much of it is fixed, but I think 
like it could be -- it won't be more than that. 
 
Devanshu: 
Sure. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Devanshu. Please request you to rejoin the queue. 
We'll take the follow-up question from Kumar Saurabh. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Yeah, hi. So my question is on the consumable side. Are there 
other companies which can provide consumable for our printers or 
vice versa? Or how does it work? Our printers only our 
consumable, how does it work? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So we have a protection on our printers with our RFID technology. 
So in general, like you can't really use someone else's ink on our 
printers. And neither do we provide our inks for use on other 
people's printers. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Okay. And one more question and more observation. So I think we 
have a very good business and we do get a lot of free cash flows. 
Some of those investments are there in the equity side as direct 
equity or mutual fund kind of product. So do we have some kind of 
formal fund management team or some professional team which is 
handling it? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So anyway, I think what we discussed was its reduced and we are 
liquidating most of it. So I think maybe we can discuss it post the 
September 30th results, I think the balance sheet will be published 
it  
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sure. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you, Kumar. We'll take the next question from Disha. 
Disha, please go ahead. 
 
Disha: 
Good afternoon. We wanted to ask that the GST benefit on a plant 
would be going when and what will be the impact? 
 

 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So it's gone as of… 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
26 of May. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So the Guwahati benefit is over. I think it was close to ₹10 
crores, ₹12 crores a year, if I'm correct. So that is thing that -- 
already we could see like about maybe ₹1.5 crores of impact on 
Q1. So that was already there. ₹1.5 crores, ₹2 crores in Q1. 
 
Disha: 
Okay. Thank you. And in this track and trace and our coding and 
marking according to your printer sales, how much consistent 
growth can we expect for coming three to four years? Because we 
have already sold a lot of printers in the last two years. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Are you talking about track and trace or you talking about coding? 
 
Disha: 
Coding, coding. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. So I think we are continuing to grow. I think like our overall 
target is to continue growing the Coding and Marking business at, 
say, whatever growth we're used to doing in the past, something 
similar like maybe 14%, 15%. I think that's our target to keep 
growing at that rate for the next two, three years at least and keep 
seeing what happens if the market is okay. 
 
Disha: 
Okay. And in terms of track and trace? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
[Technical Difficulty] these two projects, and we see what the 
market reaction is, I believe will give you a better picture. 
 
Disha: 
Great. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Disha. We'll take the next question from Rahil. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Rahil: 
Just to round it up with the last question, like any consolidated 
growth guidance you'd like to give on revenue front and EBITDA 
margins? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I didn’t really get that. Can you just repeat that question, please? 
 
Rahil: 
Yeah. I would like to ask if you can provide a certain consolidated 
level guidance in terms of revenue and EBITDA margins for this 
year and next? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
We don't have any guidance. But like I said, overall, some of the 
variation -- like I think the Coding and Marking business is steady. 
Some of the variations are caused by investments in especially the 
Packaging business too and both abroad and in India and Asia. 
And to some extent, in previous years, the track and trace, which I 
think should be breakeven or profitable this year. 

 
 
So I think, yeah, as the other businesses get in line, things would 
definitely improve. Right now, it could be valued as two separate 
businesses. One is a business which is a Coding and Marking 
business in India, which is our core business. And then everything 
else is a growth initiative. And maybe it will just take a few more 
days or a couple more or a few more quarters, and you'll see as it 
scales up, how things are running on that front. 
 
Rahil: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rahil. We'll take the last question from Keval Shah. 
Keval please go ahead. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity again. So I understand you are 
not giving any forward guidance, but is it fair to say that worst for 
the margins is over as of Q1 FY '26? That is one. 
 
And second, the ₹10 crores, ₹15 crores of R&D lab expense that 
you're planning to do for your V-Shapes business. So will it be 
entirety of it in FY '26 and it will be expensed out in this year 
itself, so there will be an additional expense of this ₹10 crores, ₹15 
crores that can we expect in this year? These are my two questions. 
Thank you. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So regarding the second question, whatever R&D we do, which is 
more based on people, prototypes and stuff we expense it on. If 
there's specific equipment or tooling we purchase, then I think 
legally, we are obliged to capitalise it and then write it off. So, 
again, Jaideep, if you just want to give that idea. 
 
And then, in terms of the margin or the EBITDA part, like I said, I 
think that we believe that, obviously, we've taken some amount of 
losses in the next few quarters are going to be better. So things are 
going to improve. If we control the losses in other businesses, then 
automatically things should improve. And like I said, we're also 
going for some price increase. So we are expecting better, but I 
don't want to say anything. I'd rather say like let's wait three 
quarters and everyone finds out what's going to happen. 
 
But, yeah, specifically as far as the -- that's why I mentioned 
because someone mentioned CapEx. So it can be used for 
production. So it is a type of CapEx. And you can do production 
with it at a small to midsized level. And then -- so that's sort of 
what we're thinking. So I would say it's like a combination of 
CapEx and R&D. We are doing it for the R&D, but it will also be 
used for some certain levels of production. 
 
Keval Shah: 
Okay, thank you. 
 

 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Since that was the last question for this earnings call, 
would you like to give any closing comments, Mr. Shiva. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I just want to thank everyone for taking the time out. I value 
everyone's participation and feedback. I think that to be honest, 
like the Q1 results were disappointing for a lot of people, and it's 
the same for us also. But like I said, this is a continuing process, 
and we knew that this change is happening and it's going to take a 
certain amount of time for it to pull through. And we're doing that 
step-by-step. So I still feel we are on the right path. And it's just -- 
yeah, one, two things have been slightly more difficult or longer 
term than what we envisaged maybe when we went in for a couple 
of these expansions in terms of business. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Shiva. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Thank you, everybody. Thank you. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. And this brings us to the end of this 
conference call. You may please log off now. Thank you. 
 
