 
 
 
5th August, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
LisƟng Dept. / Dept.  of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Security Code : 539301 
Security ID      : ARVSMART 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
LisƟng Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol : ARVSMART 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with Analysts / Investors. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are attaching herewith transcript of the conference call with analysts / 
investors held on Tuesday, 29th July, 2025, at 01:00 PM IST, to discuss Q1 FY26 Results of the 
Company. 
 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Makwana 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
PRAKASH 
BHOGIBHAI 
MAKWANA
Digitally signed by PRAKASH 
BHOGIBHAI MAKWANA 
Date: 2025.08.05 16:37:28 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earning Conference Call 
July 29, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Arvind SmartSpaces 
Limited Q1 FY '26 Post Results Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Sharma from Adfactors PR. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Sharma. 
Amit Sharma: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Q1 
FY '26 Results Conference Call of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited. We have with 
us today on the call Mr. Kulin Lalbhai, Vice Chairman; Mr. Kamal Singal, 
Managing Director; Mr. Priyansh Kapoor, CEO; Mr. Vikram Rajput, Head -  
Business Development MMR and Investor Relations. 
Please note that a copy of the disclosures is available on the Investors section 
of the website of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited as well as on the stock 
exchanges. Please do note that anything said on this call that reflects the 
outlook towards the future, should be construed as a forward-looking 
statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company 
possesses. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Kulin Lalbhai for his opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Thank you. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to everyone present on 
this call. Thank you for joining us today to discuss the operating and financial 
performance of Arvind SmartSpaces for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. I'm 
happy to be a part of this earnings call and look forward to interacting with all 
of you in times to come as well.  

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
I would like to begin by discussing the recent initiatives we have undertaken 
to strengthen the leadership team. After my opening comments, Kamal-ji will, 
as usual, take you through how the real estate environment is shaping up and 
also the broad highlights of this quarter. This will be followed by a brief 
statement by Priyansh as well. 
We, at Arvind SmartSpaces are very excited about the growth opportunity in 
front of us. Under Kamalji’s leadership, we have built a wonderful platform 
with strong profitability and cash flow and have strongly established our brand 
in the geographies we are present in. This start point, along with the 
opportunity of a rapidly consolidating real estate market, presents a fantastic 
opportunity for us to significantly scale up our business. In this context, the 
recent leadership augmentation at Arvind SmartSpaces is a strategic move 
aimed at driving the company's next phase of growth and geographical 
expansion and also a part of its long-term succession planning. Priyansh 
Kapoor has been appointed as CEO and Whole-Time Director, bringing with 
him a proven track record in scaling businesses, particularly in the high-growth 
market like MMR. Kamal Singal will continue as Managing Director and 
Board member, ensuring continuity, strategic oversight, prudent capital 
allocation, and overall mentorship of the team. Under Kamal bhai’s leadership, 
ASL has grown from strength to strength. We believe that this business is going 
to create significant value, and hence, the coming together of a very strong 
leadership team is a critical step in ASL's journey towards becoming a leading 
real estate player in India. I'm delighted to welcome Priyansh and I'm confident 
that with his vast experience and deep understanding of the real estate business, 
he will be able to build on this foundation that has been set and will further 
scale the company to the next orbit in the coming years.  
With this, let me now take a moment to talk to you about other organizational 
changes we have implemented to future-proof the company. At Arvind 
SmartSpaces, we believe that building a scalable and agile organization is 
critical to sustaining long-term growth. One of the key success factors in our 
sector is the ability to respond swiftly when growth opportunities arise. With 
this in mind, we have been proactively restructuring our organization to be 
decentralized, get accountable as a model. We have created Chief Business 
Officers to drive city-level performance. These leaders are responsible for 
growth, profitability, and delivery within their geographies. Their 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
accountability is clearly defined in terms of contributing to the company's 
bottom line. This approach not only enables sharper execution, but also gives 
us the agility to scale into new markets while maintaining strong operational 
discipline. 
Our long-term blueprint is built on disciplined capital allocation and asset-light 
development model and a thoughtful design-led product offering. As we look 
ahead, our strategic priorities will be to expand our footprint across high-
potential micro markets, deliver differentiated products that resonate with the 
evolving customer aspirations and build a future-ready, talent-driven 
organization that consistently creates value for all stakeholders. 
With that, I will now hand it over to Kamal bhai to take you through the 
operational and financial performance of the quarter. 
Kamal Singal: 
Thank You Kulinbhai, for the clear and thoughtful overview of where we stand 
today and the direction we are heading towards building a scalable, and high 
performing enterprise.  
India has shown remarkable economic resilience through the first half of 2025, 
despite the ongoing global uncertainties, whether it's geopolitical tensions, 
evolving trade dynamics, or supply chain realignments. The macro indicators 
remain strong, and with the Reserve Bank projecting GDP growth of 6.5% for 
both FY25 and FY26, India continues to stand out as one of the fastest growing 
large economies in the world. 
From a real estate standpoint, we are seeing the residential sector entering a 
healthy recalibration phase. The fundamentals remain solid and the sector 
seems poised for renewed growth. The recent reduction in the RBI’s repo rate 
has helped improve affordability, especially in the mid income and affordable 
housing segments. This is boosting end user demand and also easing financing 
costs for developers, enabling faster execution and better capital flow. 
On the regulatory front, we’ve seen some changes through FY25, but the 
environment is now showing signs of stabilising. We expect this to support a 
steady revival in project approvals and new launches, which in turn should act 
as a strong catalyst for growth in pre-sales and market activity. We believe the 
residential real estate sector is well positioned for a strong and sustained 
growth trajectory through the remainder of 2025 and beyond. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
Moving to our operational performance for the quarter. Q1 Bookings stood at 
Rs. 175 crore and Q1 Collections at Rs. 191 crore. While the performance has 
been subdued, we are confident of post strong bookings growth with a slew of 
launches lined up in the remainder of the year. These include Bannerghatta, 
Orchads Phase 2, ITPL road, Pen-Khopoli, Surat, Industrial Park, Mankol and 
a couple of new projects which will be have a shorter signing to launch cycle. 
So the plan is to ensure atleast five launches with a cumulative topline of Rs. 
3000 – 4000 crore.  
On the business development front, we are actively evaluating several 
opportunities and are confident of maintaining a healthy addition run rate, in 
line with the performance seen over the past couple of years. We are on track 
to conclude the ongoing business plan of adding new projects with a 
cumulative topline potential of Rs 5,000 crore to add projects across 
Ahmedabad, Bengaluru and MMR. 
Now, moving on from operational updates to the financial highlights. In Q1, 
we reported a revenue of Rs. 102 crore, up 37% year-on-year basis. EBITDA 
for Q1 amounted to Rs. 24.5 crore, up 205% year-on-year basis. PAT for the 
quarter amounted to Rs. 12 crore, up 159% year-on-year basis. Our P&L 
continues to show healthy growth, driven by strong execution and revenue 
recognition from our ongoing and completed projects. We expect this trend to 
sustain, supported by our disciplined approach and steady delivery momentum. 
Our balance sheet remains strong, a noteworthy achievement as we continue to 
scale our operations. This reflects our consistent focus on maintaining financial 
discipline, ensuring liquidity and viability alongside growth. As of 30th June 
2025, our net debt stands at negative Rs. 50 crore. During the quarter operating 
cash flows amounted to Rs. 27 crore. We estimate an unrealized operating cash 
flow exceeding Rs. 4,000 crore coming from the current pipeline of projects. 
This is expected to realise within 3-4 years.  
We remain positive about the demand scenario we are witnessing in the sector. 
Lower interest rates, supportive government policies, and rising disposable 
incomes continue to support homebuyer demand. Over the medium to long 
term, we believe the sector will witness further consolidation in favour of 
organised players, driven by stronger execution, rising capital intensity, and 
improving cash flows. This is an opportunity we are well prepared to capture, 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
backed by our healthy balance sheet, growing brand equity, and disciplined 
approach to business development. Our strong launch pipeline for the year 
ahead makes us confident in our ability to deliver strong sales performance this 
year. 
I am delighted to welcome Priyansh to ASL. I look forward to work closely 
with him as we move forward in pursuit of our corporate initiatives. All 
operational decisions will now be driven by him. From a strategy, growth and 
diversification perspective there are no changes in our plans. Our ambition to 
be a leading real estate company in the country remains very much in focus. 
Starting the real estate business at Arvind limited and serving as the MD & 
CEO of ASL over the past more than 15 years has been among the most 
fulfilling chapters of my 25 years journey at Arvind. As I envision my own 
role, I would like to focus on the strategic direction and business development 
initiatives of the company, making sure from a long-term perspective we are 
able to deliver our Company’s vision.  
With that, I will now like to hand over the call to Priyansh. 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Thank you, Kulin and Kamalji, for a warm welcome, and good afternoon to 
everyone.  
It is a pleasure to be part of Arvind SmartSpaces, a company with strong 
reputation in the real estate sector. I would like to thank Kulin Lalbhai, Sanjay 
Lalbhai, Kamalji and the entire ASL Board for trusting me with this leadership 
role. ASL is now well positioned to harness the full potential of its execution 
capabilities, a robust portfolio across key geographies, and the enduring 
strength of the group's brand and legacy. I look forward to partnering with the 
exceptional team at ASL to scale new heights and shape a bold future-ready 
and talent-centric organization. 
Thank you and now we can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Eesha from Axis Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Eesha: 
I actually have a couple of questions from my side. First one being any changes 
in the presales guidance that we have currently? Are we still going for a 25% 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
to 30% growth for FY '26, which is around approx. INR1600 crores? And 
similarly, for FY '27, do we still see INR2,190 crores kind of presales? 
Second would be related to the demand scenario. As we're seeing a lot of job 
cuts in the IT industry, do we see any changes in the demand coming from 
especially the Bangalore regions or probably the weekend home regions for 
Ahmedabad? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure, Eesha. So as far as presales is concerned, we definitely see a growth 
which is more like 30%, 35% this year. As you are aware, we have normally 
been growing by this number, I mean, around 30% thereabouts in the past 
several years. Last year was a little down. We did more like a 15% kind of 
number, but we will maintain 30%, 35% growth this year because we'll also 
get some advantage of this pent-up growth, which was missed out last year to 
that extent. So yes, for sure, we are pretty confident that looking ahead and 
where we are talking right now, 30%, 35% growth should be achievable.  
On the second question, job cuts, etc, I mean, these are some of the macro 
trends which are emerging, which we are seeing. We have been seeing some 
or the other of these uncertainties in the last few quarters. But per se, we believe 
that India is on a very strong path vis-a-vis other peer nations. We are one of 
the fastest growing economy. We remain so with a very healthy margin, so to 
say. And basic economic fundamentals remain very, very strong. So in the 
medium to long-term, we don't see any significant worry on that part. But yes, 
I mean, in the short-term, a few things will happen and some aberrations, some 
calibrations and recalibrations will continue to happen. But we see this 
momentum to be quite widespread and quite deep. And hence, there are no 
immediate worries that we see on the demand side. 
Eesha: 
And sir last question would be on the operating cash flows trend. We are seeing 
slower collections than before. So any particular reason for that? 
Kamal Singal: 
So collection obviously is a function of what we've sold in the past and what 
we are selling right now. This quarter has been primarily driven by sustenance 
sales and launches are getting a little bunched up towards Q2, Q3, and Q4 as 
we sell more towards the launch, I mean, pretty much two-third of what we sell 
every year on an average basis comes from new launches, which have not 
happened in the current quarter. But they will obviously be covered up and 
made up in the quarters to come. And hence, we are very confident that our 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
collections will catch up with the sales that we are expecting to catch up in any 
case. 
Eesha: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. 
Please proceed. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, if you could highlight the launches which you are expecting this year, 
which quarter and what could be the GDV, I'm assuming that it would be under 
phases, especially Surat and other projects. So if you can provide some color 
on the launches which you are expecting this year and especially on the time 
lines, which quarter? 
Kamal Singal: 
So Shreyans, launch, obviously, is one of the most important target that we are 
chasing this year. We definitely want to achieve a number between INR3,000 
crores to INR4,000 crores of fresh inventory to be launched within this 
financial year. The breakup of this INR4,000 crores is broadly like INR1,000 
crores each coming from Ahmedabad and MMR, and INR2,000 crores coming 
from Bangalore. Now within this, there are quite a few moving pieces. We 
might end up exceeding this number as well. But broadly speaking, INR4,000 
crores is the broad number that we're looking at in terms of fresh launches. And 
that should be comfortable for us in achieving our target of growth of around 
30%, 35% in the fresh sales . That's the perspective. And obviously, I mean, 
it's getting bunched up more towards Q3 and Q4. Q2 will definitely see at least 
1 launch. But if you were to count 5 launches on an average basis, we might 
be 1 plus or 1 minus, but 5 launches we were to do this year to achieve this 
INR4,000 crores, then 4 will happen between Q3 and Q4 and 1 will happen in 
Q2. That's the target, and that's the expectation that we have at this point in 
time. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And Surat would be skewed towards Q4. Is that the broader understanding? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. Surat is looking more like Q4. Yes. Correct. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, in the presentation, we've written a statement that we had pilot launched 
the Industrial Park. So any specific reason why we did a pilot? And how should 
one read into it? 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So I mean, we always do that. I mean if you recollect, a couple of times in the 
past as well. So this is basically to say that while the formal launch will happen, 
we'll have a big bang event, a lot of channel partners will be mobilized not only 
within the city and state, but also outside, etc. Industrial is a little different cup 
of tea. We need to do things a little differently in terms of where and who to 
approach, etc.. So what we've done is we've fixed the launch to be formally 
done within this quarter. That is one. And then we started talking to a few 
people, explaining them the product, explaining them what is the offering 
really. And when you talk directly to some of the potential users, you get to 
know about the product tweaking to be done, some changes to be done, etc.. 
That's our last opportunity that we take for the launch or the phase that we're 
launching for a particular project. We did that and a very similar pattern was 
followed for Aqua City as well. So we did that, and we've done a little bit of a 
sale coming out of this pilot. Now it's the time to roll it out on a bigger basis. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. And sir, lastly, on the BD guidance, which you are saying of, say, 
INR5,000-odd crores, broadly speaking, how much would be Mumbai, how 
much would be Bangalore, A? And will it be -- now given the comfortable debt 
levels, will we go for land acquisition or we'll still continue to have that 
JV/JDA model? 
Kamal Singal: 
New BD, I mean, it's more like in the context of how much we'll invest in what 
city. What is the directional quantum of investment we have in mind. If that is 
the right way to approach this question, then the answer is 40-40-20. 40% each 
going into the markets of Bangalore and Ahmedabad and 20% going into the 
new market of MMR.  
MMR obviously is going to take time before it becomes a full-fledged market 
for us. So we have to take baby steps. And hence, this number will be a little 
lower in the short-term. Eventually, it should exceed Ahmedabad for sure. But 
in the short-term, it is 40-40-20. That's how the investment plans are. What was 
the second part of the question, if you can repeat that? 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So it was just in continuation, whether -- I mean, how much would be towards 
land acquisition and how much towards JV/JDA? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. So we have been JD heavy traditionally speaking. And that broad trend 
will remain. Obviously, it has to, in our scheme of things, moderate a little bit 
towards outright as well. On the funding side, as we've been talking, we have 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
enough ammunition there to invest more like in the region of INR900 crores 
to INR1,000 crores in next three quarters, so to say. 
That means we have flexibility. JD/JVs remain a priority because in terms of 
capital allocation, return, etc. and optimization of return on equity, they make 
a lot of sense. The brand is firing in the marketplace. We get a lot of 
opportunity. We get a lot of offers and we continue to do so.  
In fact, a couple of very interesting deals are under discussion right now as we 
speak as well. So JD will keep firing. It will remain most likely the most 
important source of structuring for us. At the same time, we have enough 
firepower to get into some deals which are on an outright basis. So you'll see a 
mix of both as we have always been doing, but a little more heavier on outright 
going forward as compared to the last four quarters. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Sure, sir. Thank you. That’s it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth with One-Up 
Financial. Please proceed. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, just one question from my end to Kulin-ji. Sir, what would be your 3- to 
5-year view in terms of the contributions we are focusing on Ahmedabad and 
Gujarat along with MMR and Bangalore, these three geographies? So what 
would be the contribution that you would expect would be a reasonable scale 
in the next 3 to 5 years from these geographies? And in terms of mix also in 
vertical and horizontal, if you could just give your vision for the company? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
So as I was saying in the opening comments, I think we have a very bold 
ambition for this company. I think, Arvind, in whichever businesses it operates 
in, tends to always be one of the leaders. In both textiles and the fashion space, 
we are a top company, in the top 3, top 5. And our ambition also in real estate 
will be to become a top 10 developer in the country.  And that is why all the 
moves which we are making in terms of our organizational readiness, our talent 
density, our capital base, which we need to deploy towards the growth 
opportunities. I think all of this is being aligned with that bold vision of 
becoming a leading player in the space. And I think the fact that we have also 
opened up Mumbai is kind of with that thought in mind that there is a different 
kind of scale that the company has an ambition to reach. I think we have been 
talking about 30% growth in the last 5 years. And I think even on a much larger 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
base, we intend to keep that kind of growth ambition and maybe even 
accelerate it a bit.  
So in the next 5 years, you will see us significantly increase our base in both 
Bangalore and Mumbai. Bangalore, of course, we have deep roots. We've been 
there for more than 10 years, and we are now in a position to almost participate 
in every micro market of Bangalore, which means there will be a large number 
of new project launches in Bangalore. And the next 5 years will also see us 
seed Mumbai. As a company, our DNA has always been to lay the foundation 
first, so we don't sprint into markets. We go step by step, understand them 
deeply. We've been a company where profitability and focus on cash flows has 
been the mantra. We are never going to leave that mantra. That has been our 
strength in the past, and it will remain our strength in the future. So in a sense, 
we are going to augment the scale significantly, but keep the DNA still focused 
on profitability and cash flow. And I do believe the next 5 to 10 years should 
be the most exciting of the company. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And sir, in terms of your group time and commitment, where would Arvind 
SmartSpaces be versus the overall other companies that you would also be 
managing? So if you can give us some color on that? And incrementally, is that 
incremental time and energy is going towards Arvind Smart or it is similar 
across the group companies as we've seen before? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
You will see all the moves which we are making are clearly not a business as 
usual way of taking decisions. As a promoter group, we have identified this 
company as being a very special opportunity. We believe that it can become 
one of the biggest companies in the group overall.  And that is why from a 
commitment of capital and time, and more importantly, the inputs that are 
being put into the business, all of them have been thought through to ensure 
that we really capitalize on the opportunity, not look at it as just one more 
interesting business, but look at it as a business which can significantly scale. 
In fact, in terms of the capital that will be deployed in this business over the 
next 3 years will be the largest in the entire group. And that kind of gives you 
an indication of how the asset base is going to compound. So we are taking this 
very seriously and a lot of time, focus, energy, and all the right inputs we will 
put to ensure that the opportunity gets converted into reality. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And just one more question to Priyansh. Hello, sir, just 1 question. Where do 
you see and what is your vision for Arvind SmartSpaces in next 3 to 5 years? 
And we've seen your previous firm growing from sub-INR2,000 crores to 
today, INR30,000 crores. What kind of excitement brings to you for a similar 
trajectory over the next decade or so for Arvind Smart? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Thank you, Ritwik. Very interesting question. And I think just in fact, building 
on the answer that Kulin mentioned, so we are all very excited about this 
opportunity the platform presents. And I think Arvind brand has a huge legacy. 
Real estate is moving towards branded players. So we see a lot of synergy 
coming our way. Like Kulin mentioned, we are trying to be in the top 10 
developers. That is our medium-term goal in terms of what we are trying to 
work towards. I don't want to put a specific 3- to 5-year plan to it, but I think 
that is what we are working towards. We want to scale meaningfully, but at the 
same time, continue to focus on profit as well as cash flow as a key metric, and 
of course, looking at building a fairly large business in the 3 markets that we 
have currently identified. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. Great sir. All the best and thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from 
Sunidhi Securities. Please proceed. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
So in MMR region, how do you see this society redevelopment business? I 
mean,  a lot of other players are looking here because there is no outright land 
availability -- lack of land availability in this MMR region. So a lot of other 
players are entering into this space, and it is equally asset-light. So how do you 
see this market from Arvind Smart perspective? And also, do we have a team 
who are good enough to deal in this market? 
Kamal Singal: 
It's a very good and important question to answer. MMR as a market has three, 
four very important kind of keywords. One of them is the market is huge. 
Number two, there are quite a few established players. But at the same time, 
there are quite a few more than what one could have expected, unorganized 
players, and they still kind of take up a very significant chunk of the overall 
market. 
And the third thing about MMR is that there are projects which are very 
different in size and scale. There are very small projects to medium-sized 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
projects to very large projects, not only in terms of the top line, bottom line, 
also in terms of the scale of construction, etc.. So you've got markets, you've 
got scale, you've got size, you've got organized players, you've got unorganized 
players. 
And we are talking put together a very, very large market, the largest in India. 
And hence, we see a play for various kinds of players within the market. 
Having said, what Priyansh also said and Kulin-bhai also said in their earlier 
comment, the most important trend that we kind of identify is the consolidation 
that is happening across India and more so in Mumbai. Mumbai has very little 
space, very little land to expand and hence redevelopment is the mantra. I 
mean, majority of the action that you see in terms of new development is 
happening out of redevelopment. And hence, this is the biggest opportunity 
within the biggest market that we are talking about. 
We clearly see a very important niche for us as a brand, as a company with a 
very strong Gujarat connect and a very, very strong Gujarat-oriented demand 
in that city makes getting our pace a little better than many others. The brand 
has a very strong resonance.  It is known, it is identified, and it is associated 
with all the kind of positives in terms of legacy, etc. And when it comes to 
micro markets, I mean, I was surprised to see many of the large micro markets 
where redevelopment space is pretty much 90% still occupied by unbranded 
players in this market. And hence, a very, very big opportunity still remains 
untapped when it comes to organized players. So despite competition, despite 
a lot of players now jumping into the -- into this market segment, we see a lot 
of scope still untapped for the organized players like us, and hence, a clear 
niche and opportunity. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Yes. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Srivastava from B&K 
Securities. Please proceed. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Yes. My first question is to Kulin-bhai. So basically, he highlighted given a 
good road map for the next 5 years to 10 years. And as we are trying to position 
ourselves in the top 10 players as a well-known name in real estate market. So 
just wanted to understand that in the process, what are the changes which we 
can feel are going to witness like today, we are still have done a reasonable 
scale. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
But still our positioning is towards more plotted second home kind of 
positioning. So can this business model will shift towards a more luxury, more 
premium, or more main market kind of positioning? And now we'll be slightly 
going ahead positioning in MMR market, which is a large market of Bangalore. 
Some kind of restriction can come or we can maybe scale up much more in 
Ahmedabad itself in a bigger way. How the things will change over the next 3 
to 5 years looking at the business metrics? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Thanks for that question. I think first thing I'd like to highlight is how the last 
decade of exceptional kind of work in building a very profitable business 
model allows us to now have the dream that we are having. I think the way in 
the last 5 years we have been able to identify opportunities and scale up the 
business, that is now driving an incredible growth in our operating cash flows. 
So the reason we are going to be investing INR1,000 crores a year is actually 
a function of the platform now achieving the scale, and we are able to now 
reinvest at this scale. So the first highlight I would like to make is the next 5 
years look very different because of the hard work that has happened in the last 
5 years, where we now have a right to play, a right to bet, and much bolder and 
bigger. 
Second big theme which is going to be there in the next 5 years, unlike the past 
5 years, is that we have two extremely large markets outside of Gujarat, where 
we can really go deep. And Bangalore is a market we really like. It is a market 
which has a very vibrant middle class, which is the space we play in. And we 
have learned that city and established our roots there very well in the last 10 
years. So with this now ability to deploy much larger capital, accelerating 
Bangalore is a very natural thing for us. We understand Bangalore very well, 
and we are confident of launching multiple project, infact Bangalore has been 
a vertical first city for us. It's not been horizontal rich. Horizontal has been a 
larger part of our overall mix because Gujarat has historically been the larger 
part of the mix. So as we double down on Bangalore, it's actually just scaling 
up what we know how to do well, which is the vertical design-led product, 
which is delighting customers in Bangalore. 
And Mumbai will be, as I mentioned earlier, seeded in a very smart way. We 
do believe the brand resonates with the Gujarati community in Mumbai in a 
very unique way. And we want to bring both our second home horizontal 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
capability, where I believe the company is very, very strong and the 
redevelopment capability, which we will build to provide, as Kamal-bhai said, 
a new niche and carve out a new niche for ourselves in the Mumbai market. So 
the second big transition that you will see in the company is how the share of 
non-Gujarat will go up.  
The third shift, which is linked to the second shift will be kind of vertical being 
much more as a mix because naturally, the 2 markets we are talking about 
scaling up are going to be vertical first.  So as a natural kind of outcome of 
these 2 cities going up, you will see the vertical mix going up. And as Kamal-
bhai mentioned, since we are going to be deploying broadly INR1,000 crores 
a year, you will see much more capital of our own at play, which means the 
outright component in the overall business model will go up. So I think these 
are some of the things you should look at. And as we are going to become a 3-
city model, we have structured our company to reflect that reality. So we will 
have 3 empowered leaderships and companies with a very strong central kind 
of role and that complementarity of strong city leadership with a very strong 
backbone of the center is what we feel will allow us a great combination of 
agility as well as controls. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Just to add into that, so can we expect gradually our business model in terms 
of from asset-light model will slightly going towards a more capital intensive 
given more ownership will happen, more vertical side will happen? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
I think as Kamal bhai said, we will remain still JD intensive, which means as 
a percent, JD will still be larger than outright. But today's JD percentage will 
probably be going down and the outright percentage will be going up. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Next question to Kamal bhai, just he has already given an outline for the new 
phases of launches. Just wanted to understand, sir, the last 2 quarters, Q3, Q4, 
we slightly missed our guidance. And one of the reasons we gave that certain 
projects got slipped. So logically, it should have been come in Q1, but still in 
this quarter also launches were not there.  So what has happened, sir? We 
understand that it will be more back-ended, but what is the problems we are 
facing in terms of the launches? 
Kamal Singal: 
So Amit, I mean, last year, last quarter, we definitely missed and we grew just 
about 15% instead of 30% that we would normally do. And this was mainly on 
account of 1 project which got shifted. This is the project at Bannerghatta Road 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
in Bangalore that we are talking about with a top line potential of around 
INR400-odd crores. In this project there are a couple of regulatory changes 
which came about in Bangalore. Initially, it was to do about single site approval 
that was made mandatory, which was earlier not the case of the size that we 
are doing. So we've overcome that hurdle. We've gone through the drill and 
got that approved. Unfortunately, there is one more change, which has very 
recently come into the market of Bangalore, which says that you need to leave 
5% land in addition and over and above what you used to do earlier for a project 
of this size, scale, and this vicinity and geography. So this change is being 
incorporated right now. Unfortunately, we hit two new guidelines, which came 
on the way while the project was almost about to getting approved, etc. This 
has happened with many developers. And hence, it's a market trend, so to say. 
And that's why, we've seen that there have been persistent kind of over and off 
time lines on project launches in Bangalore happening in many, many cases. 
And broadly, these are falling into these two buckets that we just talked about. 
Unfortunately, this one of the project got stuck into both these buckets one after 
another. But other than that, I think on the rest of it, last year was okay. I mean, 
barring this one exception. This should get resolved by the end of this quarter. 
And hence, I mean, either by end of this quarter or early next quarter, we should 
be able to launch and cover up for this. So the rest of the things are moving. 
And as we just said, we are very hopeful that within this year, we should be 
launching anything between INR3,000 crores to INR4,000 crores, minimum 
5-odd launches that we are talking about, and we might actually exceed this 
number. And once that is done, we obviously will show a very healthy growth 
in terms of fresh sales. We'll not only do our normal 20%, 25% -- 25%, 30% 
growth, we should also do a little more than that because we are also hoping to 
cover up on the missed launch that we just talked about last year. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Okay. Thank you. It’s really helpful. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Pathak from Emkay 
Global. Please proceed. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Congratulations, Priyansh, for your role as the CEO. So my question is, first of 
all, on the Surat project. So what is our progress there? Are we are facing some 
issues with the JV partner. Is that behind? And how should we look at the 
launch this year? 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Kamal Singal: 
So yes, I mean, this project is running a little behind the curve now. But we're 
all trying to move ahead. It is a little techno-legal kind of issue that we are 
resolving right now, very hopeful. I mean, while these are issues which take 
time to resolve and move ahead, per se, the project is pretty much on track. 
And we are very, very hopeful that this will be done.  These are very large 
projects. We call them as LTVC, Long-Term Value Creation projects, 
basically more than 200 acres, 300 acres, etc. And hence, to get all these things 
sorted on the land, multiple kind of owners involved, etcetera, takes a little bit 
of a time. This time, it has taken a little longer than what we had anticipated. 
But the good news is that this project is on track. We are very hopeful of 
entering Surat in a very big way. This is a very decent size or rather large sized 
project that we'll be starting with and hence, extremely excited about this 
project as a company, as a group here. But we should be able to move ahead 
on this pretty soon. 
Harsh Pathak: 
So since the launch is scheduled for this year, Q4, in case if the legalities don't 
get resolved, if the project slips to the next year, so do we still remain confident 
with the 30% to 35% growth guidance that we have given for this year? 
Kamal Singal: 
So when we say INR3,000 crores to INR4,000 crores of launch, it will have 
some in-built flexibility, some margins, etc.. So if we have 6 to 7 projects to 
launch, we'll plan for 5 this year. And hence, any individual project slipping 
does not necessarily jeopardize the overall kind of target that we are chasing.  
So we should still be in a decent position. But yes, of course, it all depends 
upon the size, scale, and number of launches that we're able to achieve at the 
end of the year. But generally speaking, we would have some in-built margins 
and in-built kind of flexibilities within our plans. 
Harsh Pathak: 
And sir, when is the Khopoli project launch plan, in this year or the next? 
Kamal Singal: 
I mean, most probably end of this year. 
Harsh Pathak: 
So are we facing any NGT problems there? Because this is the case which we 
are seeing across MMR. So is that the case for this project? And how are we 
placed there? 
Kamal Singal: 
No, there are no NGT issues here. This land is pretty much in an area which 
otherwise is an area where environment clearances, etc, are all happening. 
Even zoning-wise and otherwise, we are pretty comfortable. All the processes 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
are on right now as we speak, approval, conversion, environment, etc. We don't 
anticipate and see any known issue at this point in time. And hopefully, we 
should be able to launch this before this year-ends. 
Harsh Pathak: 
And sir, one last question from my side. So like you explained regarding the 
redevelopment space in the MMR region. And with Priyansh also joining now, 
his focus has been more towards the MMR side in his earlier stints. So how do 
we look at MMR now? And what kind of GDV additions can we look for 
during the current year and the next in MMR region? 
Kamal Singal: So I mean, MMR, as I just said, it's a market we are seeding. 
We have generally been conservative when we enter into a new market. We 
took a decent time before we established ourselves in Ahmedabad, then we 
went into Bangalore took baby steps. We would always prefer to walk before 
we run. That's what we have done historically because we think that every 
market, every geography is a new business for us. And that's how we are going 
to be taking Mumbai also in that sense. But Priyansh's entry into the business 
changes quite a few of these dynamics because we strongly believe that 
Priyansh knows these markets for a very long time. He's delivered scale there. 
He understands the nitty-gritties. And hence, addition of Priyansh and his 
joining and leading the team will change quite a few dynamics as far as scaling 
up and speeding up of MMR as a market for us. That should really, really help. 
In the very short term, we are allocating almost like 20% of our capex for this 
market. But this should get augmented very, very soon with Priyansh entering 
and leading the team. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Sure, sir. Those are my questions. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronald from ICICI Securities. 
Please proceed. 
Ronald: 
Sir, on the launch pipeline front, like what I was assuming that around INR400 
crores would be sustenance sales and these 5 projects would be around 
INR3,700 crores. So you would have to sell almost about 30% odd in these 
projects to achieve that target of 30% growth, which seems a very tough task, 
especially for NH47, Surat project, the INR1,000 crores odd projects to sell 
30%, especially a few projects are back ended in Q3, Q4.  

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
So are you confident enough to sell that much in a larger project when the 
launches are skewed more towards the end of the year? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. I mean, when we said 5-odd launches should help us achieve these 
numbers, we have a very strong launch pipeline otherwise, more than 5. For 
example, we have ITPL Whitefield project in Bangalore. We have 
Bannerghatta. We have Orchard Phase 2. We have Industrial Park to be 
launched.  We've got Mankol, which we announced a couple of quarters back. 
It's ready to launch. Of course, Surat remains a strong candidate for launch. 
MMR, we have 1 project already announced, and we are very hopeful that 1 
more should be announced very soon, and it might end up getting launched this 
year. And we're also kind of trying to add a couple of such projects in all these 
3 markets put together, which have shorter sign-up to launch cycle. And hence, 
it should also be getting added into this year's launch pipeline. So all in all, it's 
a very widespread launch pipeline that we're talking about. And picking and 
choosing five of them is something that we are targeting. Otherwise, the 
probability and possibility of launching more than 5 is pretty decent, healthy, 
and achievable.  
That's one. On the volumes and sales, because they are all getting bunched 
more towards H2, not necessarily Q4. They are more getting bunched towards 
H2. Historically, we have been selling more like 30% to 40% in the first burst 
itself.  In fact, that's how the company is configured and that's what our target 
has always been that at the time of launch, we price it right, we propagate it 
right. We do product in that sense right and other things aligned to that kind of 
objective, where we end up selling 30% to 40% at the time of launch for the 
phase that we launch.  That is something that we have been achieving in the 
last several, several launches and years. And we are pretty confident that 
selling 30% should be something which is a bare minimum to sell at the time 
of launch of any project. 
Ronald: 
And secondly, sir, on the Industrial Park project, like transactions comes to 
around INR550 per square feet, while your estimate of INR1,350 crores for the 
project gives around INR700. So per square foot is about 20% odd discount to 
the current pricing which you have done for the prelaunch.  
So are we confident enough that we would be able to get more than 20%, 25% 
hike for this project to achieve that GDV of INR1,350 crores for the project? 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
So are we confident that such kind of pricing movement in a year would be 
possible? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. I mean I think we are a little more than INR550 per square feet in this 
particular case where we've just started. Plus, this is just a prelaunch. And 
second aspect is that in our Industrial Park, there are quite a few concepts which 
we're bringing to the market for the first time, and there are some very, very 
significant value add, which will improve our top line and bottom line.  One 
such example is the introduction of ZLD, for example, in a private kind of 
setup, which is never offered or rarely offered by any private developer for 
industry. So we'll have in-built CETP. We are planning to have in-built ZLD, 
Zero Liquid Discharge facility, which is normally not the case. And these value 
adds will significantly increase our realizations compared to the industry norm, 
et cetera.  And hence, the guidance of INR1,350 crores is pretty much 
achievable. I mean, we are on track, and this is quite achievable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj from Arjav Partners. 
Please proceed. 
Raj: 
The figures which you have given in the PPT, it consists of only our share or 
it consists of the overall business, including the JD share? 
Kamal Singal: 
No, this is our share. So you're talking about the INR4,000 crores something?. 
Raj: 
Unrealized cash flows and all the figures given in the PPT. Its kind of our share 
only, right? 
Kamal Singal: 
That is our share net of all expenditure, money to be paid to the landlord, JD 
share, JV share, etc. It will be retained by us, our share, yes. 
Raj: 
And if I do some calculations. So in the ongoing sale, total unrealized sale will 
be around INR5,300 crores. Am I right, something, something around that? 
Kamal Singal: 
Okay. So if you have calculated something, it will be good to connect offline 
with Vikram. I'm sure you'll have Vikram's contact available or you can take it 
and just get whatever clarifications you wanted. Otherwise, the presentation 
has many data, I mean, a lot of data, but you can get clarifications that you 
need. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native 
Investment Managers. Please proceed. 
Naysar Parikh: 
I just want to understand from a growth perspective, which even the previous 
participant asked, last year, we grew, I think, bookings 15%. This quarter, 
obviously, we are down. Full year guidance also, I think bookings, we're seeing 
single-digit growth maybe. So how do we look at the bookings growth going 
forward? If you can just talk a bit about it because 2 years seem to be not -- we 
are not reaching that 20% plus growth that we want to do? 
Kamal Singal: No, it's only about the last year for the first time that we grew 
by 15%. Before that, it's always been more than 25%, 30%. And very specific 
reason that we just discussed for the last year and rather last quarter was 1 miss 
on the launch, which we are now trying to make happen, I mean, this quarter 
or possibly next quarter. Apart from that, we are broadly on track. We've 
always achieved 25%, 30%. And this year, the math that we have done and 
we've explained and discussed in this call and even earlier is that we should be 
growing by 30%, 35%. There will obviously be some additional sales coming 
from the launch that we missed last year. And this year, specific launches are 
on track. And we are pretty confident that we will end up doing something like 
5 launches this year, which will be more in the region of INR3,000 crores to 
INR5,000 crores of fresh inventory coming into the sales pipeline. So to that 
extent, I mean, at this point, we're pretty hopeful and confident that a growth 
of 30%, 35% should be achievable. 
Naysar Parikh: 
But, I mean, it basically means we'll have to book INR500 crores almost every 
quarter, right? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, on an average basis. 
Naysar Parikh: 
And do you see collections have been a bit tepid. I know you mentioned that it 
drives, but it collections are growing slower than bookings. And so do you see 
collection space also picking up in the later part of the year from a growth 
perspective? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. I mean I think both these questions are in a way, connected. Sales and 
collections, both are driven by launches. Pretty much two-third of what a real 
estate company typically does these days comes from fresh launches and the 
rest is supposed to be sustenance. To that extent, the sustenance side is taken 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
care in Q1 as well and INR75 crores broadly coming from sustenance is the 
average that we wanted in any case. So that's done. So it's about launches 
really. If we are able to launch the kind of projects and the kind of number that 
we want to achieve in the remaining three quarters, then sales and collection is 
a sub-function of that and should happen. It will happen automatically. But 
otherwise, collection efficiency-wise and otherwise, they're very healthy.  
They're very decent. From whatever was collectible, etc, for the sales that 
we've done in the past, obviously, there were no fresh launch. We've done very, 
very decent, and this is as per what we would have anticipated. And hence, 
otherwise collection engine and efficiency is pretty healthy. Now it's a function 
of launching from here onwards. And if launches go right as planned, sales and 
collections both should be on track. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Amit Agicha from H.G. Hawa. 
Please proceed. 
Amit Agicha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question was connected to the 
employees, like with only 456 employees and high reliance on outsourcing like 
our project quality and execution control, like any plans to scale in-house 
execution team or technology usage to improve the efficiency? 
Kamal Singal: 
So if I understood your question correct, then you are saying that we are a 450 
I mean odd outfit. And are we scaling up or not and up for the volume and the 
skill that you are talking about? Is that the question? 
Amit Agicha: 
Yes.  
Kamal Singal: Yes. So it's a great question. It's about team. It's about being 
future ready. We've always invested upfront in teams. I remember we talking 
and discussing this point in the last call as well, where I said that we would 
normally prepare and size the team based on what we'll need the next year. So 
if next year target is INR2,000 crores, we'll rather be ready by the end of this 
year to take that kind of a volume. That philosophy has been followed for last 
several years. We are doing that right now. So you can rest assured that if we 
are building the team today, it's supposed to be ready and size enough for next 
year's volumes. This 450-number has to go up definitely. All this very detailed 
exercise has already been done. Right now, we are under execution of that 
strategy and recruitment, etc. You will see the data on that pretty soon, and we 
are obviously scaling up to the size that we are talking about. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Amit Agicha: 
And sir, second question is like what are the top three strategic risks you 
foresee in scaling to INR5,000 crores-plus top line? 
Kamal Singal: 
So I mean these are external and internal. External, obviously, is macro factors. 
I mean India is, at this point, at least poised pretty decent and healthy. But there 
are still some geopolitical risk, which we all carry as economy, as country, as 
region, etc. That's one.  
On the internal side, rather than calling them a risk, I'll rather call them as 
challenges and something that we need to overcome. Mostly, it's about 
execution. Fortunately, we have seen a very stable demand cycle and 
environment for the last few years, and hopefully, that continues. The cost side 
is also pretty stable for the last at least 4 to 5 quarters, and it's expected to 
remain so. And hence, cost side is also not something which is worrying us too 
much. Sales side is broadly being taken care and we are ramping up our sales 
engine. We've done pretty well on our digital sale technology on that, etc.. But 
one thing that we should all be very, very focused on is execution. When one 
scales up, execution is something which tends to get a little on the back foot.  
And that's one important kind of focus that we don't want to lose. That needs 
scaling up the team, getting into right technologies. Our controls and SOPs 
have to be up there. Our selection of vendors have to be absolutely right. Our 
financial engine has to continue to work so that we can perform and pay on 
time. That has never been the challenge. But nevertheless, this is something 
which is an important ingredient. 
So the overall execution engine is something that we should all be focused on. 
That is what we are right now focusing. At the same time, for the long-term 
and medium-term growth, it's important to keep acquiring fresh projects which 
are profitable.  
And this company, as Kulin bhai very rightly said, is not only about adding to 
the top line and scaling up the business, it's about scaling up profitably and 
meaningfully. And another challenge other than execution will also be to keep 
finding projects which are not only of size that we wanted, but also profitable 
enough for us to cross the lens that we apply on profitability side of it.  
The third challenge, if I were to count one more is to make sure that our entry 
and our establishment into the new market of MMR goes right, that clearly is 
an important piece in overall scheme of things.  But there, the addition of 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
July 29, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Priyansh coming as a leader is obviously one step that we have taken, one of 
the most important steps that we've taken to make sure that we are prepared 
and prepared in advance to do that and achieve that in this very, very critical 
market going forward for us in that sense. So these are the three things that I'll 
be very focused on or I'll say that the company needs to be very focused on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Kamal Singal: 
Great. Thank you, everyone for participating in this earning call of Arvind 
SmartSpaces. I hope we have been able to address most of your queries. 
However, if there is anything missed out on any of your questions, kindly reach 
out to Vikram, and he'll connect with you offline and clarify and give further 
information as may be required. Looking forward to interacting with you all in 
the coming quarters. Thanks again for your time. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. Since it is a 
transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has 
been made to ensure a high level of accuracy 
