 
 
Adani Power Limited 
          Tel  +91 79 2656 7555 
“Adani Corporate House” 
          Fax +91 79 2555 7177 
 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, 
info@adani.com 
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,                                            
           www.adanipower.com 
Ahmedabad-382421, Gujarat India 
CIN : L40100GJ1996PLC030533 
 
Registered Office: “Adani Corporate House”, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad-382421 
August 8, 2025  
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Code: 533096 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Scrip Code: ADANIPOWER 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors / Analysts Conference Call on Q1 FY26 Financial 
Results of Adani Power Limited held on August 1, 2025 
 
Ref.: Our intimation dt. July 24, 2025 w.r.t. interaction with Investors / 
Analysts pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In furtherance to our above-referred intimations, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Investors / Analysts Conference Call held on August 1, 2025. 
 
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website 
of the Company i.e. www.adanipower.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
  
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Adani Power Limited 
 
 
 
Deepak S Pandya 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl.: as above. 
DEEPAK 
SANATKUM
AR PANDYA
Digitally signed by 
DEEPAK SANATKUMAR 
PANDYA 
Date: 2025.08.08 
10:31:43 +05'30'

 
 
 
"Adani Power Limited Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
August 01, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S.B. KHYALIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ADANI 
POWER LIMITED 
MR. DILIP JHA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ADANI 
POWER LIMITED 
MR. NISHIT DAVE – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ADANI 
POWER LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NIDHI SHAH – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
Adani Power Limited 
August 01, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Adani Power Limited Q1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities 
Limited. Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Good afternoon. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we are pleased to welcome you all to 
the Q1 FY26 Earnings Call of Adani Power Limited. 
Today, we have with us from the Management Team represented by Mr. S.B. Khyalia 
– the CEO, Mr. Dilip Kumar Jha – CFO, and Mr. Nishit Dave – Head, Investor Relations. 
We will start with “Brief Opening Remarks” which will be followed by a “Q&A Session.” 
Over to you, Mr. Khyalia. 
S.B. Khyalia: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Adani Power's 
Financial Results for the first Quarter of '25-26. 
In the recently concluded quarter, Adani Power has again demonstrated its 
competitive strength and the resilience of its business model. In spite of weather-
induced demand softness and a high base, we have delivered a quarter with great 
power dispatch and robust profitability. 
We have also expanded our capacity further by acquiring Vidarbha Industries Power 
Ltd., which has 600 MW capacity that has been revived by us. This acquisition will 
expand our presence in the state of Maharashtra and provide further opportunities 
for growth. 
Apart from this, we have also received more than US $500 million payment from the 
Bangladesh Power Development Board towards their outstanding dues in the end of 
June and in July. The customer has been paying us now regularly. As a result, the 
outstanding receivables position has now been brought to near normal level, which 
was so far an issue of concern. 
Now to talk about the “Operational and Financial Performance”: 

 
Adani Power Limited 
August 01, 2025 
 
During the first Quarter of Financial Year ‘26, while the all India demand has shrunk 
by 1.6% due to early monsoon, Adani Power supplied 1.6% more power with 24.6 
billion units as compared to Q1 of FY25. 
You may recall that the 1st Quarter of the previous year was marked by an intense 
heat wave, which led to a surge in power demand. 
While offtake under PPAs reduced due to weaker power demand in Quarter 1 of FY26, 
APL sales volume was supported by the additional 2,300 MW capacity acquired by us 
last year and higher short-term sales under bilateral and exchange models. 
Our strategically located merchant capacity continues to enjoy significant 
competitive advantage in the short-term market, thus providing a market-linked 
upside to our earnings. Consequently, APL registered a stable continuing total 
revenue of Rs.14,167 crores, healthy EBITDA of Rs.5,744 crores, and a strong profit 
after tax of Rs. 3,305 crores in Q1 of FY26.Tariff realization was lower during Q1 of 
FY26 due to lower import coal prices in addition to lower short-term tariffs. In the 
short term, operating expenses are elevated due to the recent acquisitions. We are 
undertaking various initiatives to turn the units around quickly and improve their 
profitability. 
Now, to talk about the long-term outlook: 
We are firm believers in the promise of the power sector, which is closely aligned with 
India's economic prospects. We are confident that the path to a secure and 
sustainable energy future passes through the thermal power landscape and that coal 
will continue to be an important energy source for many decades to come. Given 
India's economic growth prospects, we anticipate power deficits to arise once again 
as demand improves across the nation. The Government has already given a target of 
80 GW of additional thermal power capacity to meet this demand and now this target 
is being raised again to 95 GW in view of emerging trends. This gives rise to a very 
attractive opportunity and financially strong and experienced private sector players 
are ideally positioned to capitalize on it. 
With this vision, we have locked in the supplies of boilers, turbines and generators for 
the entire 11.2 GW new capacity addition. We are also tying up contracts for erection 
and commissioning, Balance of Plant, etc., in a phased manner for the upcoming 
projects. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
August 01, 2025 
 
As you would be aware, we already possess all the land required for expansion, which 
is a result of the foresight employed in identifying this opportunity in advance and 
acquiring the right resources at the right locations. We are funding these projects 
mostly from our own cash flows, which removes the reliance on project lenders. We 
also have a proven in-house project management capability and an experienced team 
which will help us monitor and execute these projects efficiently. 
We have achieved rapid progress in project execution of 4,800 MW of capacity 
expansion out of our targeted addition of 12,520 MW by 2030. 
The ongoing Phase-II project at Mahan in Madhya Pradesh has already crossed 66% 
of execution, while the Raipur Phase-II project in Chhattisgarh has crossed 25% and 
Raigarh Phase-II has crossed 20% within a short period. We have also received 
environmental clearance for the Korba Phase-II expansion revival, which will add 
1,320 MW capacity upon completion. 
On the PPA tie-up front, we have recently signed a long-term PPA with Uttar Pradesh 
Discom for 1,600 MW gross capacity, which brings our fresh capacity tie-up to 4,520 
MW. 
We are also bidding for various large PPAs in states such as Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, 
Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, etc. We are highly confident that our unparalleled 
competitive advantages coupled with the early-mover advantage that we also 
possess will help us to succeed in these bids. 
As we have mentioned earlier also, when the Discoms invite these bids, they indicate 
the mines from which coal will be supplied to the project. These coal linkages will be 
provided from mines earmarked for the state, under the SHAKTI policy based on their 
requirements. The new risk-mitigated model of the PPA will generate attractive 
returns for the developers that are able to set up projects on time with control on 
capital costs. 
In conclusion, we are highly enthused by the thermal power investment opportunity. 
We are sure that it will continue to play a key role for supporting India's economy for 
the foreseeable future and that Adani Power will play a key role in attaining the 
targeted capacity addition of 80 GW or more by the country. 
I would like to thank our dedicated team, our partners, and our stakeholders for their 
support. Together, we are building a sustainable and prosperous future. Thank you 
and over to you, Dilip. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
August 01, 2025 
 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you, Khyalia Sahab, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It is my privilege 
to present Adani Power's Financial Performance for the first quarter of FY26. 
I am pleased to report that despite a challenging operating environment; Adani Power 
has delivered another quarter of robust and resilient performance. 
The recent slackness in power demand affected the offtake of power under PPAs by 
Discoms. It also affected tariffs in the merchant market. However, Adani Power was 
able to beat these trends with higher operating capacity and short-term tie-ups for 
the merchant capacity to deliver results in line with expectations. These results 
underscore our financial discipline and strategic foresight in navigating market 
volatility while maintaining profitability. 
Talking about the Financial Performance for Q1 FY26,  
Let me begin with the headline numbers that Khyalia Saab has also quoted: 
The total consolidated continuing revenue for Q1 FY26 was Rs.14,167 crores, slightly 
lower year-on-year compared to Rs.15,052 crores in Q1 FY25 due to softer merchant 
tariffs and imported coal prices, but stable sequentially compared to Rs.14,522 crores 
in Q4 FY25. 
We were able to exert control over the cost of fuel at Rs.7,319 crores in Q1 FY26 as 
compared to Rs.8,074 crores in Q1 FY25. This compares favorably with the trend in 
continuing operating revenues between the two periods. 
Operating expenses have gone up from Rs.852 crores in Q1 FY25 to Rs.1,105 crores 
in Q1 FY26. This is primarily due to the acquisition of 2,300 MW capacity under the 
inorganic route, but it also includes the impact of higher CSR expenses. 
Consolidated continuing EBITDA came in at Rs.5,744 crores, reflecting our ability to 
manage fuel costs and optimize operation even as we expanded our footprint. It was 
higher in comparison to Rs.5,098 crores for Q4 FY25, but lower in comparison to 
Rs.6,290 crores in Q1 FY25. 
Depreciation for the quarter increased to Rs.1,105 crores in Q1 FY26 due to the recent 
acquisitions. 
We maintained tight control over the finance cost, which was reported at Rs.857 
crores in Q1 FY26 despite new acquisitions and increased scale of operations. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
August 01, 2025 
 
Our profit after tax for Q1 FY26 stood at Rs.3,305 crores, a strong result despite lower 
merchant tariffs and elevated operating expenses following recent acquisitions. In 
comparison, the PAT for Q4 FY25 was Rs.2,599 crores and for Q1 FY25 it was Rs.3,913 
crores. 
Our judicious use of cash flows and emphasis on maintaining low leverage has kept 
the debt levels low even after considering the ongoing capital expenditure and some 
bridge financing. Total debt as on 30th June 2025 is Rs.44,372 crores as compared 
to Rs.38,775 crores as of 31st March '25. 
The liquidity of our operations remains high with robust cash accruals. As a result of 
this, net debt position is Rs.37,437 crores as compared to Rs.31,023 crores for the 
two quarter end. 
We have also mostly retired the cash flow accommodation received from promoters 
in the form of Unsecured Perpetual Securities. During Q1 FY26, we have repaid 
Rs.2,579 crores of UPS against the principal amount and the outstanding balance 
now is only Rs.478 crores. 
All in all, we have ended the first Quarter of FY26 with a strong financial position and 
ample liquidity. We have been able to demonstrate the stability and resilience of our 
revenues and EBITDA conclusively during the quarter and followed through on our 
strategy of self-funded, debt-light growth. 
As Khyalia ji has already said in his speech, we have already received more than US 
$500 million payment from Bangladesh Power Development Board towards 
outstanding dues in June and July. The customer has been paying us regularly. 
Another key development during the quarter was the amalgamation of Adani Power 
(Jharkhand) Limited. This brings the 1,600 MW Godda plant into APL's standalone 
entity. This has led to an implicit credit rating upgrade of Godda to AA Stable, 
reducing finance costs. 
As we know, India's power demand is growing strongly even after taking weather-
induced variability into account. There is a clear-cut requirement of more thermal 
power capacity to meet anticipated deficits and we expect that the additional 
capacity required will go from 80 GW to 95 GW as Khyalia ji mentioned. 
In closing, I want to emphasize that Adani Power is strongly positioned for the future. 
Our strong balance sheet, strategic acquisitions, and disciplined executions are 

 
Adani Power Limited 
August 01, 2025 
 
driving sustainable growth. We remain committed to delivering reliable, affordable, 
and clean energy to power India's progress.  
I would like to request the moderator to open the floor for question-and-answer. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is on the line of Abhinav from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhinav: 
Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is the company has 
given an order of about INR 65 billion to BHEL. What does it exactly entail given that 
all our equipments are already being tied up for the upcoming capacities? 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you for the question. As you know, there is huge demand of 80 GW of the 
thermal base power load and by 2032, this will increase from 80 GW to 95 GW, which 
is what we expect. We are currently in the evaluation phase, exploring various 
opportunities for expansion. All the plans are ramped up and aligned with our 
strategic goal. We will share all the updates with concrete numbers in due course of 
time. 
Abhinav: 
Understood, sir. Apart from this, have you given any other order to any other player 
related to the equipment? 
Dilip Jha: 
Yes, as I said, we are currently evaluating all the options available and we are 
evaluating these numbers, units, growth requirements in the country and how it will 
work out, and then definitely we will come up with all these numbers. 
Abhinav: 
Understood. The second question is on the recently acquired Coastal, Lanco and 
Vidarbha assets. How have the operations been? Are you facing any challenges? 
What is the PLF? And for these three acquired assets, what is the EBITDA we can 
expect? 
S.B. Khyalia: 
First is the technical part. With Lanco Amarkantak, we have very few challenges 
except a small issue related to ash disposal, which we are taking care of. The second 
is Coastal Energen. We have already done complete overhauling of one unit and after 
the complete overhauling, it is now at par with any other power station. We will be 
taking the other  unit for complete overhauling in the current month and once that 
complete overhauling is done, it will again become at par with any other well 
maintained assets. It has taken some time because after the took over, we had to 
place the orders for the equipment, spares, etc., and obviously, these eqipment are 

 
Adani Power Limited 
August 01, 2025 
 
not of domestic make. So, it takes some time to get the spares and therefore, we had 
to take some time. But once this overhauling is done, there will not be any further 
challenge as regards to the Coastal Energen plant, and thereafter, we expect that it 
will have a full normal availability. So, Lanco Amarkantak is already addressed. The 
Coastal Energen plant will get addressed by the end of this month. Vidarbha was a 
challenge because the station was in shutdown condition from 2018. However, as 
soon as we took it over, and because we had done advance planning during the NCLT 
process where we were the highest bidder for a long time, now the machines are 
already properly overhauled, and they are good to give normal availability. So, there 
is no challenge as far as Vidarbha is concerned also. Thank you. 
Abhinav: 
Sir, my final question is, what was the merchant realization in the 1st Quarter and 
merchant outlook for this year? 
Dilip Jha: 
Our merchant realization for 1st Quarter was Rs.6.51 per kWh as against last year's 
same quarter, it was Rs.7.60. 
S.B. Khyalia: 
So, merchant rates during the Q1 FY26 are obviously much lower than as compared 
to the same quarter last year because of weather conditions, which we mentioned in 
our initial remarks. As you are aware, this year monsoon has come in the month of 
May itself, and there were weather disturbances in the month of April also. So April-
May-June entire quarter from the point of view of power demand was very sluggish. 
And since the monsoon has come early, we are of the view that the monsoon will be 
over early as well. Therefore, we think that the outlook of even the second quarter 
will be better than last year because of this reason, that is last year the monsoon was 
delayed and the impact of monsoon was in the second quarter, while in this year the 
impact of monsoon is more in the first quarter. So, second quarter onwards the 
demand should pick up and we feel that there should be a good demand and 
consequently the merchant rates. Thank you. 
Abhinav: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniket Mittal from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Thank you. First question is just to understand with the recent ruling on FGD, does 
that change our CAPEX estimates outlook for the under-construction project? 
S.B. Khyalia: 
After this notification has come, the power stations which are under planning and 
execution, where we have not started the execution of FGD, do not have a 

 
Adani Power Limited 
August 01, 2025 
 
requirement of FGD now. So we will drop the FGD expenditure from those power 
plants. In two power stations, one at Mahan and another at Raipur, are in advanced 
stage of execution, and therefore, we will continue to execute the FGDs there. In rest 
of the power plants, we will not execute them, and to that extent, project cost will go 
down. However, it would not be appropriate to discuss the project numbers in detail 
or the bifurcation of the project cost. Thank you. 
Aniket Mittal: 
The other question was to understand on these upcoming tenders that you talked 
about, Bihar, Rajasthan, MP, Uttarakhand, which of these tenders have the 
requirement where the plant needs to be set up in the same state? Is that the case 
for all these tenders or - 
S.B. Khyalia: 
In Bihar, the project is to be established in the Bihar itself. In case of Rajasthan also, 
the present tender condition is to construct the power plant in case of Rajasthan 
itself. As regards to MP, the power plant is to be constructed in the state of MP. In 
case of Uttarakhand, the project location is not specified. So, project can be 
anywhere in India. So, this is broadly the position of the tenders. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Okay, understood. What was the PLF for Godda during this quarter? 
Dilip Jha: 
During the quarter, the PLF for Godda was 73%. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Those were my questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainam Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jainam Jain: 
Good evening, management. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is, 
what is the revenue and EBITDA guidance for FY26? 
Nishit Dave: 
Jainam, we have not provided any specific guidance for revenue or EBITDA. See, one 
thing is the revenue is a bit variable because the tariffs are linked to imported coal 
prices. Secondly, for the EBITDA also, we have not given any guidance, but what we 
have said is that our current business model and the tie-up structure actually give us 
very stable revenues and EBITDA margin. So, till the time our capacity expansion 
takes place, you can expect similar EBITDA margins as we have recorded in the last 
year. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
August 01, 2025 
 
Jainam Jain: 
Okay, sir. So, what is the status of pending validations and final settlement of 
alternate coal compensation from Haryana discom and by when can we expect the 
closure for that? 
S.B. Khyalia: 
The discussion is still ongoing and for the time being Haryana is making payment of 
50% of the difference of bills which we are raising. And therefore, we are also 
accounting for only 50% of the amounts, which is what we are getting. Discussions 
are going on and we expect that the issue should get resolved soon. 
Jainam Jain: 
Okay, sir. Sir, my last question is, what is the current total of regulatory receivables 
outstanding and what proportion is under dispute and what is in the process of 
realization? 
S.B. Khyalia: 
There is hardly anything substantial pending now, except for small regulatory 
changes coming frequently, and therefore, we may be raising those issues or claims 
in regular course. But there is no claim now pending which can change the revenue 
or profitability substantially. Not very significant. Thank you. 
Jainam Jain: 
Okay, sir. That addresses my question. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Shah from GeeCee Holdings. 
Please go ahead. 
Nirav Shah: 
Yes. Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Most questions have been 
answered. Just two remaining questions. One is, sir, we have repaid Rs.2,580-odd 
crores of unsecured perpetual securities. This is towards the principal. But any 
distribution that has been made in the first Quarter over and above this amount? 
Dilip Jha: 
You rightly said, Nirav bhai, that Rs.2,579 crores we paid in principal. Apart from that, 
we also paid Rs.1,146 crores as distribution. Now, we have only Rs.478 crores pending 
as of 30th June, which we have paid in July. So, there is no pending so far as perpetual 
security is concerned. 
Nirav Shah: 
Got it. And any further distribution made in July along with this or now it is almost 
done? 
Dilip Jha: 
In July, we have paid balance amount of Rs.478 crores along with distribution. So, 
there is no outstanding including distribution. Nil. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
August 01, 2025 
 
Nirav Shah: 
Got it, sir. Great. And, sir, second question is, any target commissioning date for the 
Dhirauli mine, which is supposed to be in this year? 
S.B. Khyalia: 
The production should start by September or October, somewhere. So, we are on time 
as per the plan which we gave earlier. 
Nirav Shah: 
Great. Thanks, sir and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Yes. Thank you so much for taking my question. So, my first question would be on the 
PPA that we recently signed with the UPPCL. So, could you please elaborate on the 
tariffs that we have signed with PPA and consequently about 100 megawatts of 
capacity in that plant which we have signed the PPA remain-- So, are we looking to 
sign that or are we looking to convert that for merchant purposes? And could you 
also talk to me a little more about where are we in the process of PPAs for the other 
upcoming capacities, are we looking to add further PPAs? 
S.B. Khyalia: 
I think you can break down your question into smaller questions because we are not 
getting exactly what is your question. 
Nidhi Shah: 
So, first question was on the recently signed PPA with UPPCL. So, I wanted to know 
what was the tariff of that PPA. That was the first part of the question. 
S.B. Khyalia: 
We have signed the PPA with UPPCL where the capacity charge is 3.73 and the total 
tariff is 5.39. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Alright. And the remaining 100 megawatts of capacity in that plant since the PPA 
was for 1,500 and the capacity is 1,600, are we looking to tie up that capacity as 
well? 
S.B. Khyalia: 
No, that is the net capacity of the plant. When we say 1,500 MW, that is after auxiliary 
consumption. So, there is nothing left out. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Okay. And are there any other PPAs that could be signed in the near-term in the 
pipeline for our other upcoming projects? 
S.B. Khyalia: 
we have already elaborated that the tenders of Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Bihar, 
Madhya Pradesh are under progress. So, as soon as these bids are finalized, we hope 

 
Adani Power Limited 
August 01, 2025 
 
that we should be in a better position to win these bids. Consequently, if we win, we 
will sign the PPAs. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Alright. And lastly, if we see the consolidated debt profile in the PPT, about Rs.6,000 
to 7,000 crores of debt has increased this quarter for the existing entities while it 
has remained the same for the under-construction projects. So, I just wanted to know 
that this extra debt that we have taken on this quarter, what is the purpose of this 
debt? 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you for your question. On average, on an annual basis, our FFO is more than 
Rs.21,000 crores and then in the next five years, it will be more than Rs.1 lakh crore. 
Our CAPEX program is also of that amount in aggregate. So, we will generate 
sufficient cash flow, which will meet the requirements of our CAPEX plan. Over and 
above this, we will also generate additional cash flows from the plants that are 
presently under construction. Recently, we took some interim bridge funding from 
banks, that is only to meet the requirement for interim requirement capital 
expenditures. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Alright. So, what can we expect the debt profile to look like going forward for the rest 
of the year? And are we expecting to take any further debt for the under-construction 
projects? 
Dilip Jha: 
As of now, what we are anticipating that our internal accruals will be sufficient to 
meet our CAPEX requirement for the year. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Alright. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you so very much. If you have any question, you may please connect with Nishit 
bhai or me. We are always available to respond to you. Thanks a lot for your time and 
attention. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Adani Power Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
