 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
Registered and Corporate Office: 15th Floor, (ASTP) Amar Sadanand Tech Park, Baner, Pune, Maharashtra, India – 411045 Tel: +91-20-68198400 | Fax: +91-20-68198405  
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515, www.schaeffler.co.in, info.in@schaeffler.com,                      
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Dis-
closure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcripts of Analyst/Inves-
tor Meet held on Friday, July 25, 2025. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
With reference to our letter dated July 25, 2025, please find enclosed the  
transcript of the Analyst/Investor meet held on Friday, July 25, 2025, for your infor-
mation and records.  
 
The same is available on the Company's website - Earnings Conference Call | Schaeffler 
India 
    
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Schaeffler India Limited  
 
 
 
 
Ashish Tiwari, 
VP - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30/07/2025 
 
Phone:  +912068198464 
Schaeffler India Limited · Pune · Maharashtra 
BSE Limited                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                           Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Dalal Street,                                                     Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400001                                               Mumbai-400051 
Company Code: 505790                                Company Code: SCHAEFFLER 
Digitally signed by ASHISH TIWARI
DN: cn=ASHISH TIWARI, c=IN, 
o=Personal, 
email=ashish.tiwari@schaeffler.com
Location: Pune
Date: 2025.07.30 17:32:04 +05'30'
ASHISH 
TIWARI

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
PUBLIC 
 
 
 
“Schaeffler India Limited Q2 CY '25  
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARSHA KADAM – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MS. HARDEVI VAZIRANI – DIRECTOR, FINANCE & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MS. GAURI KANIKAR – INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
PUBLIC 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Schaeffler India Limited Q2 CY '25 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Gauri Kanikar. Thank you, and over to you, ma’am. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Schaeffler India Limited's Earnings 
Conference Call for the second quarter and six months ended 30th June 2025. 
We have with us from the management today, Mr. Harsha Kadam – our Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. Hardevi Vazirani – our Director, Finance and Chief Financial 
Officer. 
As always, Mr. Kadam will first take us through a short presentation on the results, after which 
we will open the floor for questions. 
With this, I now hand over to Mr. Kadam. Over to you, Sir. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Hello. Good evening. Harsha Kadam here. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
I am Hardevi Vazirani. 
Harsha Kadam: 
So, let me start by taking you through the presentation. And as usual, I always begin my 
presentation by sharing recognitions that we have got from our prestigious customers. 
And in the last quarter, I am happy and proud to share that we have received four recognitions 
and awards from our customers and three coming from agencies for the various corporate social 
responsibility initiatives that we run. 
So, to start with from the customers, two awards that came in from the Toyota Group - Toyota 
Kirloskar Auto Parts and the Toyota Industries Engine India. One award was in the area of “Zero 
Defect Supplies” in the quarter. And the second award was, again, in the supply of “100% 
Delivery” without missing a single day”. Now, both the awards mean prestigious coming from 
the biggest brand, Toyota. 
We also got an award from one of our customers, OEM customers, but the award was given for 
our “Vehicle Lifetime Solutions” business, which is traditionally the aftermarket business in the 
automotive space. And the award was from Honda Limited. That said, we also got an award 
from one of our industrial customers in the Railway sector that is from Alstom. 
So, as you can see, all the marquee brands have recognized us in that quarter, clearly pointing to 
our commitment, our sustained commitment that we keep with our customers being at the center 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
PUBLIC 
of what we do, keeping a clear focus on the quality of the products that we deliver and ensuring 
that we stay close with our customers and ensure we give them timely deliveries on time. 
Apart from these four awards, we also have received two awards for one of the “Prestigious 
Water Conservation Projects” that we are very proud of in the quarter that we received these 
awards coming from the project name being “Jal Samruddhi”, which is a water conservation 
initiative. And we were recognized both by Association Chamber of Industry and Commerce 
and also at CSR Universe Climate Action and Sustainability Awards, we were recognized for 
the “Jal Samruddhi” project as such. 
The third award in our Corporate Social Responsibility drive was an award that we received 
from Tamil Nadu. And this is in the area of “Diversity and Inclusion”, which we have always 
felt is one of the high focus areas as an organization and as a nation and for empowering women 
to take up vocational pursuits in terms of upskilling them and handholding them to establish 
themselves in the society in a dignified manner. 
Now that said, we were recognized for the initiatives that we have strived to focus on women 
empowerment. 
With that, I move on to Slide #4 to throw some light on the economic indicators as such: 
As you can see from the slide, the economic performance in terms of the GDP for the second 
quarter is still an estimated number. We are awaiting the official numbers to come in. But the 
estimates are close to around 6.5%, which is what we believe, which has been a drop from the 
preceding quarter.  
But again, if one were to look at how the sectoral performances and other indices have evolved, 
look at the automotive production in the country for the quarter. More or less, it has remained 
stagnant at the same level as the first quarter of the year. 
Talk about the index of industrial production: 
Well, since we have the data for April and May, June has yet to roll in, but you do see that there 
has been a kind of slowdown in some of the industrial sectors.  
While on the optimistic front, you do see that the consumer price index or inflation, which stood 
at 2.7% for the first time since 2019 has come down to the lowest level. And this is a heartening 
indicator that hopefully, this is going to propel consumption within the country and positive 
sentiments to that effect.  
I move to Slide #5 to throw some light on the core sector performances: 
And what you see is we talk about cement production. As you can see, the clear focus on the 
infrastructure sector in the country, even by the Government of India, clearly defining that 
cement production and steel production definitely are doing better in the second quarter as well. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
PUBLIC 
And on the mining side, it is still a lot of room to improve. Unlike the first quarter, we have not 
seen a significant increase in terms of coal production, yes. 
On the Power Generation 
definitely, we have seen an uptick again, clearly pointing to definitely some improvement in the 
industrial manufacturing sector’s performance as such. That said, we are seeing positive signs 
in many of the sectors. 
Let me now take you through the sectors in automotive performance. And I am on Slide 6. Here, 
again, what you see is, when you look at the sectors, the two wheelers also have been kind of 
moderate in its performance in the second quarter, which is not a surprising thing because that 
is a business cycle that the sector follows annually. 
And when one looks at the passenger car, and this is where it got a little challenging, considering 
the fact that in Q2, the numbers began to gradually go down. And in the month of June, we had 
lower numbers than compared to June of last year in terms of vehicle production. 
While this was the situation on production, it also stemmed from the fact that the domestic sales 
of cars and passenger vehicles in the country have been lower, whereas the exports went up 
double the digit in the country. So, based on the SIAM reports, clearly, the data shows that the 
export demand in terms for the passenger vehicle segment has been much better than the 
domestic demand in the country.  
Talking of commercial vehicles, again, Q2 has been a little subdued compared to Q1. However, 
the numbers have been marginally better than the same period last year where we are seeing a 
very strong and positive traction is on the agricultural tractors. And as you can see, for the 3 
consecutive months of April, May, June, we have seen increase month-over-month as well as 
the same period last year. So, we have a mixed performance coming from the Automotive sector 
as well as the Industrial sector from an economic growth standpoint. 
I move to Slide #8. How did we perform in the quarter. I think we had a pretty good performance 
in terms of sales revenue. We were able to generate revenue of INR. 2,282 crores in the quarter, 
which was a clear 8.2% better than the preceding quarter and a 10.1% better performance than 
the same quarter last year, resulting in a strong EBITDA as well with INR. 449 crores being 
generated as EBITDA and taking the EBITDA percentage to 19.7% from the preceding level of 
19.3%, culminating into the profit after tax to 13%, which definitely was better than the 12.6% 
in the preceding quarter, bringing in INR. 296 crores into the wallet.  
Our best performance has been in free cash flow generation. In the quarter, we were able to 
generate a free cash flow, INR. 287 crores, unlike the preceding quarter with INR. 237 crores 
compared to the same period last year where we were in a negative cash flow situation. 
All in all, I must say it has been a reasonably good performance considering the challenging 
ecosystem that is prevalent in today's market. We have been able to navigate through these 
challenges, also very clearly managing our CAPEX investments as well, which have clearly 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
PUBLIC 
enabled us to deliver the numbers that you see. I will throw a little more light on the details as I 
move forward. 
What keeps us going is the new business wins. And what you see here is, again, within the 
quarter, we have been able to secure some long-lasting businesses, particularly when you look 
at the automotive technologies with some of our key marquee customers, we have been able to 
have strong business wins, many places as a single source with hydraulic lash adjusters, as well 
as on the clutches, heavy-duty clutches. 
On Vehicle Lifetime Solutions as well, some of the recent products that we launched like wipers 
and particularly oils as well, we have seen tremendous upswing in demand, and we have been 
able to capitalize on the sales there as well. 
On the Bearing and Industrial Solutions side of the business, here again, some of the cement, the 
raw material sectors, we have been able to have some big business wins. And in addition to that, 
we also had business wins in our Lifetime Solutions product, which is primarily in the 
diagnostics area as well as condition monitoring area of the application. 
So, our continuous focus and striving to keep the pipeline of new businesses coming into the 
system continues. And this is a key focus area for us to deliver the sustained growth going 
forward. 
That said, I now move to an important milestone that we as an organization crossed. I am on 
Slide #10.In the month of May, we had the Executive Board of Schaeffler AG coming to 
Bangalore and we had the privilege of using their gracious presence to inaugurate the fifth 
manufacturing facility in Schaeffler India Limited, new plant for our clutch applications and 
some of the drivetrain, powertrain applications that we would be manufacturing in this plant. 
The first hall to that effect with 16,500 square meter of floor space was inaugurated officially 
and the machines were rolled into production. 
So, this important milestone is a testimony of our commitment to continue to invest and grow in 
India. And this is the one step in the direction. Just to share with you that this same plant also 
has additional land space to further expand to 3x the size what it is today now that we have 
started off. 
With this, I move to Slide #11. Another important milestone that we crossed was with the launch 
of the Tata Harrier, we have started our series supplies of the e-axles to the Harrier platform, and 
we are proud to be associated with this platform. And we have also had a formal inauguration 
of the partial production line that we have set up at our plant in Talegaon. 
Now obviously, this is modular being a drivetrain architecture. So, we have started off by 
investing in phases. Step -1 of the investment is what you see in the picture and where we are 
going to carry out the end of the line testing as well as marking the traceability of the products. 
And now we are moving, as I speak, we are moving into Phase - 2 of the expansion, which would 
bring in more localization on the production line here.  

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
PUBLIC 
Obviously, our product has been very widely and rigorously tested across the length and breadth 
of the country. And I must say with a lot of pride that it has successfully passed all the rigorous 
tests that the customer put our product to, and we have come up successfully on top. 
With that, I move to the next slide. I am on Slide #14, which talks about the revenue from 
operations. 
What you see on Slide #14 is the Quarter 2 performance in terms of revenue, which I already 
mentioned. We were able to bring in a revenue of INR. 2,282 crores in the quarter. Clearly, that 
is 8.2% over the preceding quarter and 10.1% over the same quarter last year. And how has this 
come in? And I draw your attention to the revenue bridge below. 
So, as you can see, out of this INR. 82.6 crores of revenue was generated from the automotive 
side of the business, and Vehicle Lifetime Solutions brought in about INR. 35 crores with the 
Industrial also bringing in INR. 22 crores. Our star performer has been the automotive and 
Intercompany Export business, which also came in at about INR. 70 crores into the system, all 
in all, raising the revenue in the quarter compared to last quarter by an additional INR. 2,000 
crores coming into the system. 
So, all in all, it was a broad-based growth within the domestic businesses and also quarter-on-
quarter positive performance with the business growing up by 6%. So, if one were to look at 
how did, within the four divisions that we operate in, export obviously grew at a very strong and 
if one were to look at the 6-month period, our export business has grown 23% compared to the 
same period last year, Automotive Technologies at 13.5%, Vehicle Lifetime Solutions, too, 
coming back strongly at 12.3%, Bearing and Industrial at 7%, all of this contributing to a very 
strong performance in the second quarter. 
That said, our business mix, which has been our biggest strength, continues to operate with 
Bearings and Industrial Solutions at about 40% and Automotive Technologies, 30% of the sales 
mix. The exports, which was languishing at 8%, 9% went up to about 16% and Vehicle Lifetime 
Solutions too going up to 13%. 
Some light on our earnings quality. So, when one looks at the EBITDA performance here, we 
registered an EBITDA of 19.7%, bringing in INR. 449 crores in the quarter, which was a clear 
10.3% improvement over the preceding quarter and a 16.6% improvement year-on-year.  
Again, here, when one looks down at the EBITDA bridge as to where the quality improvement 
happened, we did definitely, one was the volume effect with the gross margin also bringing in 
INR. 128 crores, while we had some strain on the other income and expenses, all in all, yet 
posting a very positive EBITDA number with the improved quality of the earnings that has 
come. And this has resulted in a very strong profit after tax of INR. 296 crores in the quarter at 
13%, again, 11.6% better over the preceding quarter and 17% better than the same period last 
year. 
On the working capital. We have managed to sustain the same levels as the preceding quarter. 
We have been focusing on our CAPEX investments consistently, and we continue to focus on 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
PUBLIC 
our localization drive, and the focus continues to remain on utilizing or better utilization of the 
invested capacities and focus is more on efficiency improvements on the invested capacities. 
And that is something the export business is also enabling us to leverage the capacities that we 
have already in place in a much better fashion. 
So, with that, if you look at the quarter in terms of CAPEX, our investments stood at INR. 100 
crores as against the preceding quarter. We are still better at INR. 82 crores, which was in Q1. 
However, compared to last year, we have moderated a bit, but this is not to say that our CAPEX 
commitments are going to go down. It is just that we are aligning our spend, our investments in 
tune with how the market is shaping up. And this is where agility and also the prudent 
management of capital flow becomes super important. 
That said, some light on the free cash flow, which I already talked about, one of the strongest 
quarter in terms of free cash flow generation at INR. 287 crores within the quarter has been 
clearly, the clear focus on generating cash from the market has been on high focus plus managing 
our working capital in a much better way. 
I move to Slide #17, where the key performance indicators, a lot more in detail: I allude you to 
go through the numbers. As I have already covered each of them, I just wanted to share on the 
6-month period 2025, revenue where we stand at INR. 4,392 crores at 6-month closing, which 
is a clear 12% growth over the same period last year. That said, the EBITDA margin of 19.5%, 
resulting in an EBIT of 15.9% and profit after tax of 12.8%. 
I move to the next slide, which is Slide #18, and I wish to draw your attention to the KRSV 
Innovations Auto Solutions Limited, Koovers in short. 
And Koovers too has posted some good revenue generation exactly in line with the plan that we 
have set for. We do have challenges on the gross margins here, and we are trying to work that 
out. We are trying to sort some things out. 
So, as you can see, our revenue of INR 71 crores coming in the second quarter, exactly in line 
with the plan that we have laid out. Margins are still negative at 15% EBITDA and 16.8% EBIT. 
This is a key focus area for us. This is resulting into a consolidated Schaeffler India results of 
18.7% EBITDA and a 15.1% EBIT margin. 
With that, I move to Slide #19. So, all in all, a good and strong performance, double-digit growth 
year-on-year. The momentum continues, and this is the fifth consecutive quarter where we have 
been able to sustain the growth. And quality of earnings, which remains a high focus area on 
efficiency and cost management, continues to remain. And we have improved levels of operating 
metrices, as I already shared. Working capital continues to be a high focus. Free cash flow 
definitely.  
And with that, we will moderate and continue to be agile on our CAPEX investments as we 
move forward, monitoring the market situation as it evolves as it is a very volatile market 
situation out there. So, we are brought in a lot more agility in terms of our CAPEX investment.  

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
PUBLIC 
With that, I come to the end of my presentation. Over to you, Gauri. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
My first question is regarding a recent commentary from the Schaeffler Group CEO, Mr. Klaus 
Rosenfeld. He mentioned that the CAPEX or rather the investment in India is expected to be 
upwards of €100 million a year. And obviously, we have been talking about reduction in CAPEX 
over the previous years, obviously, at say, INR. 500 crores, INR. 600 crores kind of an annual 
run rate. So, it seems to be much higher than that. So, could you kind of give some sense on are 
we looking to increase our CAPEX targets as the commentary suggested? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Thank you for your question on CAPEX. Mr. Rosenfeld announced overall  €500 million in next 
5 years until 2030. So, averaging out to approximately €100 million starting from 2026 onwards 
for 5 years. 
 
So, this year's CAPEX plan is intact, and it will move in the direction of leveraging on capital 
efficiency because we have made close to INR. 1,700 crores investment in last 3 years. So, this 
year, we are trying to look at the capital efficiency, and then we will again ramp up from next 
year onwards. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
So, next year onwards, it can be in the INR. 1,000 crores a year kind of ballpark based on that 
€500 million number that you mentioned for 5-year period. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Mr. Saraf, as I already mentioned , yes, we definitely want to continue to invest. However, it is 
very important that we closely monitor the market developments which we are doing, both on 
the domestic front and on the export side. 
 
However, our commitment still remains. It is not that we are going to stop investments. It is just 
that we will have to play with the market. The way the market moves, we are also going to 
monitor and start investing because we already have the space, the machines that we need. So, 
that is something we will take a call, looking at which product lines need to be invested in, which 
needs to be localized. So, there are various parameters that we measure them. And accordingly, 
we will continue to invest. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
And in terms of exports, we have seen a very strong quarter, again, good growth even on a 
sequential basis. Any kind of outlook or visibility that you can provide? Last time you had 
mentioned about the Asia Pacific markets doing better. And from there, we have further 
improved. So, any kind of visibility that you have on exports that you can help us understand 
here? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So, at this point of time, as it looks based on the order book that we will be able to sustain the 
pattern that we have so far, at least this year. However, how the geopolitical situation and the 
market in Europe, Americas are working out to be, it will determine the next year. However, this 
year, the order book is secured. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
PUBLIC 
Harsha Kadam: 
So, just to add to your comment on the exports to the Asia Pacific region, I am happy to say that 
our growth is definitely there in the Asia Pacific region. We have been considerably grown in 
the Asia Pacific region. And our dependency on the rest of the world, we have been kind of 
moderating it to bring in that balance. And I am happy to say that we have succeeded to a large 
extent in increasing our export business into the Asia Pacific. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Good to know that. And just last question from my side is when I look at the Bearings and 
Industrial Solutions business, especially in the non-mobility side, the other side, it seems to have 
kind of flattened out this quarter after like maybe 4 or 5 quarters of 20 plus percent growth. 
Anything that we should read into that? Or is this just a temporary kind of a blip? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, but when one looks at within the sector, specific sectors, we have been able to perform very 
good in some of the specific sectors. We have seen very strong growth in our, for example, the 
railways, if I were to look at Q2 performance, we have done pretty well in the railways.  
 
We have done well, obviously, in the wind energy sector. So, we have been able to consistently 
grow. We have also done good in the off-roads with a clear focus on the infrastructure and Agri 
industry. So, these sectors, we have been able to do. 
 
Yes, some of the moderation or the tepidness came in was more on the two-wheeler sector 
against that. Yes. And our distribution also did pretty well. I must say the distribution business 
did pretty well in the industrial distribution, I mean, when I talk about it. So, that too keep going 
pretty strongly. So, some sectors which are critical for us in terms of volume as well as on the 
margins, have helped us in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raghunandan from Nuvama Research. Please go ahead. 
Raghunandan: 
Congratulations on continuing double-digit growth and also inauguration of the new Shoolagiri 
plant. Sir, firstly, on the Vehicle Lifetime Solutions, you have continued to see strong double-
digit growth. Can you elaborate on the efforts which are helping market share gains, better 
penetration and also on the new products? 
Harsha Kadam: 
So, on the Vehicle Lifetime solutions, couple of pointers that I would like to give is, one, that 
our OES demand from the OEM customers definitely has also gone up. Obviously, clearly a 
clear indication that the aftermarket demand in the market has kind of picked up. That is from 
the market side. 
 
From our own effort side, some of the traded goods that we launched also we saw a strong uptick. 
In terms of the oils and lubricants, in terms of the wiper blades, we have seen strong uptick in 
demand. We were able to leverage that. 
 
Also, what we did was, with the sluggishness that we saw in the OEM side of the market, we 
were able to better leverage the production capacities to go ahead and leverage those available 
capacities to feed more into the aftermarket as well. And particularly, this is coming in our clutch 
portfolio, which we sell in the aftermarket. So, all in all, there were multiple reasons which we 
were able to manage very well in this quarter. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
PUBLIC 
Raghunandan: 
And you alluded to other expenses income during the opening remarks. Can you indicate on the 
other expenses side, it seems to be notably higher Y-o-Y. Was there any one-offs there? What 
was the reason for it? Would it also include the cost relating to the new plant? And also on the 
non-operating income, there also there is a strong growth, if you can highlight on that as well? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So, on non-operating income side, we had supported the group companies in specific projects, 
which was charged out to them based on the transfer pricing policies of the group. So, income 
is mainly for the project-related support cost that was incurred by us, and it was then charged 
out to the group companies. 
 
On other expenses side, it is mainly there are certain onetime expenses related to the new plant, 
certain tooling, certain operating supplies, the filling, the coolants, etc., in the plant as well as 
certain onetime expenses for tooling for e-mobility, which we have been able to beautifully 
absorb because of the better gross margin. 
Raghunandan: 
What would be the sustainable rate here for other expenses? I mean, going forward, what would 
be that onetime impact, which would not be there next quarter? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
I think we have been able to manage overall in the usual range that we show quarter-on-quarter, 
and we will be able to maintain that as we go forward in the year because these are the fixed 
costs and those will be absorbed with the double-digit growth. So, we don't foresee any further 
hiccups in the coming quarters. 
Raghunandan: 
Got it, ma'am. So, also congrats on the commencement of series production of e-axle, which you 
commenced last quarter and now you have started the Phase-2 investment or CAPEX. Can you 
indicate how do you see the progress on ramp-up and considering that you have a lifetime order 
size of €300 million, what can be the annual revenue run rate for this particular project? And 
how do you see the domestic and exports shaping up? 
Harsha Kadam: 
I sense there are two questions within that one question that you asked. So, let me take the first 
part first. So, to answer to €300 million, which we had projected and how is it going to ramp up? 
Well, as you know, it all depends on the vehicle that is launched already. And we are already 
seeing good response in terms of our series supply, which we have already started is an indication 
that the vehicle is doing well. 
 
However, for me to give you a number, it is pretty challenging now because we will have to wait 
and watch how the vehicle performs in the market. That's number one. But the other question I 
was unable to grasp, you referred to exports. 
Raghunandan: 
Yes. I was trying to understand would there be an export opportunity also for this e-Axle 
component you would have? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Sir, as of now, we haven't, we are clearly focusing on the Indian market because this is a market 
that is waking up. So, our entire focus is on how do we leverage and grow the e-mobility business 
in the Indian market space. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
PUBLIC 
Raghunandan: 
And just the last question. The press release and your opening remarks, you indicated to efforts 
on localization and the efficiency measures. Can you indicate the current localization share? It 
was 76% last quarter. Would you be able to achieve 80% by end of '25 or in '26? And sorry, I 
am just adding the last question again on the Shoolagiri plant what would be the revenue 
potential for the series of investments you have done?   
Harsha Kadam: 
We couldn't hear your last part of the question. 
Raghunandan: 
I was just trying to understand for Shoolagiri plant, whatever investment has been made so far, 
how do you see the revenue potential for that? 
Harsha Kadam: 
So, on the localization front, certainly with the good demand coming on the export side as well, 
we were consistently focusing on making the products here. So, yes, you are right, we were in 
the range of 75%- 76%. And I am happy to say that in the second quarter, the same number, we 
were able to take it up to 78% and above. 
 
So, currently, we are in that range of 78% - 79%. And we will continue to keep that focus because 
the localization is definitely one of the important prerequisites to compete in the Indian market, 
yes. So, that will continue to remain. And the second question was on... 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
On the revenue increase. 
Raghunandan: 
Revenue potential for the Shoolagiri plant, would you be able to, on the investments which have 
been done so far, what would be the kind of gross asset turnover you look forward to? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
I am afraid, I mean, we don't link necessarily every plant-wise revenue performance because 
there are interdependencies, there are processes which are done by one plant for the other plant. 
So, at this point of time, at least we will not be disclosing on the revenue potential for Shoolagiri. 
Raghunandan: 
Fair point, ma’am. I will fall back to the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, my first question is on our Automotive Technologies segment. We have been consistently 
outgrowing the overall industry level volumes when it comes to PVs, CVs, tractors, etc. So, 
could you provide a broad breakup of the revenues into these 3 or 4 larger segments? So, has 
this mix changed significantly in the last 3 to 4 years? And how do you see this mix evolving 
over the medium term? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, Mr. Patel, thank you for your question. We normally track in terms of the portfolio of 
products that we play in. And all I can tell you is to give you a specific split, may not be 
appropriate, even some of the areas that talk about mobility have nondisclosures at the 
customer’s end, which is binding us not to share specific details about what revenue we generate. 
So, much as we would love to, we are a little tied down because of the NDAs that the customers 
have insisted on signing. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
PUBLIC 
Harshit Patel: 
No problem. Sir, secondly, you have previously mentioned that in the PVs, our content per 
vehicle has reached as much as €50 at present. So, how much this number would be for CVs as 
well as LCVs at present? And how has this number improved over the years with our newer 
product offerings and the business wins that we have been consistently generating? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes. Just to throw some light, you talked about CVs and LCVs. So, let me just talk about that. 
Yes, our content per vehicle there was somewhere in the range of €50 to €60. Actually, we were 
lower. In commercial vehicles, we have started to increase our offerings there. LCVs in 
particular, we have been doing well. So, I must say we should definitely be in the range of €60 
to €65 plus. 
 
Even on the passenger car, it is the same story. With hybridization coming in, definitely, our 
content per vehicle also has gone up there. What we do not have, not yet have started to measure 
is the content per vehicle on the electric vehicles, obviously, because we need that necessary 
volume to come out still. So, we have not started the measurements there as such. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, with gaining traction in EVs, how we are balancing R&D investments between ICE products 
and new EV technologies? And secondly, we are supplying components for hybrid platforms to 
Japanese OEMs. Are there any plans to expand localization for other global OEMs? And what 
is the CAPEX allocation for hybrid and EV components? 
Harsha Kadam: 
So, there were 3 questions. So, the first one was about? 
Balasubramanian: 
R&D investments between ICE products and new EV technologies. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Thank you, Balasubramanian. So, India is a pretty different and challenging market with all the 
technologies coexisting today. You have the gasoline engine. You have the hybrids as well as 
the pure battery electric vehicles as well. So, that said, we have a pretty vast portfolio of products, 
which can cater to all the 3 application segments.  
 
Now that said, we continue to invest and we will continue to invest in the gasoline sector. Why 
am I saying that? Because in India, we definitely still see some CAGR growth happening year 
after year. And so it is pertinent that we continue to leverage the growth that we see in the 
gasoline segment, yes, to stay relevant in the market. So, we are investing there as well, whether 
it is to do with, I just said about the lash adjusters that we have won. 
 
So, we have invested in production lines for hydraulic lash adjusters and some of the other 
products. We have already started to also produce for the hybrid powertrains with the Japanese 
for the Japanese customers who are the prime movers in the hybrid powertrain technology in 
India. 
 
So, we have already got the businesses. We are producing these products from our Hosur plant, 
and we have started to give to them already. Talk about the electric e-axles as well. We have 
started to invest as well as produce here from Pune.  

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
PUBLIC 
 
Now when it comes to the R&D, we already did have the R&D infrastructure in place for the 
gasoline engine portfolio, plus we have a strong support that comes from our headquarters in 
Germany when it comes to R&D. That said, even for the hybrid technology, definitely, that 
competence is now here in India as well as we get the ample support coming in from Germany. 
 
For the e-mobility side, we were not having 2 years back any competency, but over the last 2 
years, our consistent focus in terms of building those capabilities and competence, hiring the 
perfect, the right kind of talent to deliver those kinds of technologies in terms of R&D has been 
invested in India as well.  
 
So, rightfully, today, I don't see any reason why in India, we cannot be able to develop many of 
the requirements in any of the three spaces that I already talked about. 
 
Last but not least, we also now have the electronics and the capability to talk about the sensors, 
the controllers, and this is coming through the Vitesco portfolio of products, which is also 
available to us. Yes.  
 
So, we do already have the competencies in India to do as the technology matures, and Germany 
definitely is way ahead of us in terms of the faster new technology adoption. We will bring the 
relevant competence development here in India as the need arises in India. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, on that you can share details about CAPEX allocation for hybrid and EV components. I 
think you mentioned about €500 million over 5 years timeframe CAPEX. We are also supplying 
hybrid platforms to Japanese OEMs. And any further target to supply other global OEMs? 
Harsha Kadam: 
We are working with many other customers here as well on e-mobility platforms. We have some 
breakthroughs and success. But the thing is, as I already mentioned earlier, that a lot of it is we 
are bound by the non-disclosure agreements with our customers. So, I am afraid at this point in 
time, we will not be able to reveal what these projects are. 
 
We talked about the Tata Motors Harrier e-Axle because they have officially gone public on it, 
and we were given the permissions to talk about it, whereas for those projects which we are 
working on, I am afraid we are bound by the NDA. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, industrial bearings majorly dominates for exports. So, is there any plan to diversify the 
export product portfolio, especially high-margin segments like automotive technologies? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Sorry, I didn't understand your question. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, I will make it simple. Is there any plan to diversify export product portfolios? 
Harsha Kadam: 
We have been considering investing in India to manufacture products both for Indian 
requirements as well. So, when we talk of localization, the same capacities we utilize to also 
feed the rest of the market. As the demand comes in, we are able to leverage the capacities we 
have here in India based on the localization strategy that we have been pursuing in the past years. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
PUBLIC 
So, that remains. And the main portfolio is bearings. So, there are more and more new bearings 
that get added to the portfolio of local production here in India. So, that we will continue to do. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
There is limited scope that the automotive manufacturers of the world, they usually prefer the 
locally produced parts in their respective countries. So, it has very limited chances, I would say, 
opportunities for us. And there are a few areas where we have plans to export, but it would not 
be as big as it is currently for industrial. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Vora from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Vora: 
Just first, one clarification on the CAPEX numbers, which has been guided by the parent. Does 
it also include the Vitesco India's CAPEX as well for the e-mobility solutions or the CAPEX 
number which the parent has stated is going to be done by Schaeffler India only? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Well, this investment is for India, and we have been talking about these investments. As you 
know, since the last few years, we have been consistently investing and it is all about Schaeffler 
India Limited. Well, any investments that come out there as well, I am sure you will get to hear 
it. 
Rishi Vora: 
So, this number is specific for Schaeffler India entity. Understood. And secondly, on the 
quarterly numbers, just on the Industrial segment, if you could give us some color on how the 
trends have been, especially across railways, wind and other raw materials related industries 
where we have seen growth and where the growth rates have been slightly moderate? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Well, I did already touch upon the railway business, which has done pretty well in the quarter, 
correct, as well as the off-road and also the power transmission business, we have seen some 
strong uptick in terms of our sales because the demand was there as such.  
 
As you know, the railways, what we see is the transformation happening in terms of moving 
away from the tendering process more to privatization of manufacturing coaches. So, that too is 
kind of helping us because we are able to compete with the technology and the quality that we 
offer when private players are coming into play. And that is enabling us to also do better in the 
railways as a sector. 
 
Talk about wind, yes, in the second quarter, the wind production equipment of wind turbines in 
the country, definitely, there was an increase, but since we had to build up stocks, so we had 
already generated the sale in the first quarter of this year.  
 
So, the second quarter, wind, obviously, you will not see it adding significantly to the same 
growth numbers in terms of the equipment production numbers of the wind because we had 
already supplied in the preceding quarter already the quantities that our customers needed. But 
all in all, we have seen good demand and good uptick come in. Some of the product portfolios 
within the automotive space as well, we have seen a good uptick. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
PUBLIC 
 
So, unlike even though in this quarter, in the second quarter, we did see sluggish production 
numbers from the automotive passenger vehicle segment, particularly, but some of the product 
portfolios because of what we had already, these were new businesses that we had secured and 
they were ready to be start of production and supplies were already in place. 
 
So, we have been able to post a much better number than the market growth because of our 
continued focus on not just acquiring new businesses, making sure that we realize those 
businesses. 
Rishi Vora: 
And just last question on the e-axle business. Can you give us some color on what can be the 
potential content just from this product in the future? Not talking specifically about the current 
supplies to the customer, but in general, what can be the potential content for this product, e-
axle? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Just to seek clarification, when you say content, do you mean the content per vehicle? Or is it 
what goes… 
Rishi Vora: 
Value of the component. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Well, as I said earlier, these are things I am not at liberty to disclose now because of the NDAs 
we have in place. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Bhandari from Asian Market Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Sir, just one clarification on the Shoolagiri CAPEX number that you have given of INR. 330 
crores. So, this INR. 330 crores, how much was done in last year and how much we are doing 
this year? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So, most of it was done last year. This year, it is close to INR. 40 crores - INR. 45 crores so far. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Which is I think machinery, building. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
How much of asset turnover we should expect from this number? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
This is a part that currently we cannot disclose. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
And would you be able to share what is the overall capacity utilization or plants are operating at 
as of Q2? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So, our capacity utilization is currently close to 85%. There are different capacity utilization at 
different plants, but all are above 80%. 
Harsha Kadam: 
See, as I already mentioned, our localization rate has gone up, and we have been able to better 
leverage the capacities that are in the country, thereby taking the localization rate up to 78%, 
more than 78%. Clear indication that the capacity utilization in our plants is also at a high level. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
PUBLIC 
As Hardevi mentioned, it is definitely better than 85%, and we have plants which are doing 
better than that as well. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
And lastly, on this export mix, would you be able to give some data around or I mean, how much 
proportion you exporting to your own sister entities and how much directly to the customers? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
No, all of it is to our sister company. 
Harsha Kadam: 
I think it should be clarified that whatever we say export is all exported to our sister companies 
across the world, right. That is how all multinationals work, and we too are no exception there. 
Moderator: 
The last question for the day is from the line of Saif Sohrab Gujar from ICICI Prudential AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
Sir, just on the new Savli plant where a good portion of the investments had gone into over the 
last 2 years, right? So, out of the constructed halls, what sort of utilization has already happened 
in terms of the new lines? And what proportion of it would still be left for you to utilize in future? 
And just on the last part, you highlighted most of the plants are above 80% utilization. Is it true 
even for the new Savli plant? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
That is right. 
Harsha Kadam: 
That is right.  
Hardevi Vazirani: 
It is also true for Savli plant as well. 
Harsha Kadam: 
It is true for Savli plant as well. 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
And of the constructed area, what sort of lines’ utilization would have already occurred, sir, in 
terms of the installed lines? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
You mean to say that, so, right now, we have built 2 halls there where we have generation C 
large-size bearings, wheel bearings and angular contact ball bearings. And most of the lines are 
actually about 90%. 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
And second question, just a quick one on the localization, which is proposed for the domestic 
content requirement for the wind turbine components, right? Is there an implication for the 
domestic bearing industry in the sense that is there an imported bearing content which exists, or 
it is anyway largely localized and doesn't add much to the industry? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Are you referring to the wind segment specifically? 
Saif Sohrab Gujar: 
Yes, on the localization, the domestic content, which is proposed for the wind turbine 
components, right? So, are the wind bearings anyways localized? Or is there a good, imported 
bearing market, which can be replaced due to this? 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
PUBLIC 
Harsha Kadam: 
Surely, as I said earlier, our localization rate is still at 78%, although we have improved over the 
preceding quarter. So, there are products that we continue to import, not just in wind, for the 
other segments as well. 
 
So, wind too has a few bearings that we do not make here, considering the limitations of the 
machines that we have. So, there are clear investment plans in that direction as well to bring in 
those sizes of bearings to be manufactured here in India, which we today are importing. So, we 
have a clear plan for the wind as well going forward. 
 
And just to add, I think in the last year itself, more than 27 different types of bearings have been 
localized which we were hitherto importing these bearings, and now we have started to make 
them here. And some of it definitely is for the wind segment as well. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, which was the last question for the day. I now 
hand the conference over to Ms. Gauri Kanikar for closing comments. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. If you have any further queries, please do 
reach out to me or drop me an e-mail at gauri.kanikar@schaeffler.com. Good evening and I wish 
you a good day. Thank you. We now end the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Schaeffler India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
(This document has been edited to improve readability)  
Registered Office:  
15th Floor, ASTP (Amar Sadanand Tech Park),  
Baner, Pune – 411045, Maharashtra  
Contact Details:  
Investorsupport.IN@schaeffler.com  
Website:  
www.schaeffler.co.in  
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515 
 
