 
ALEMBIC PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
REGD. OFFICE: ALEMBIC ROAD, VADODARA - 390 003. ● TEL: (0265) 2280550, 2280880 ● FAX: (0265) 2281229 
Website : www.alembicpharmaceuticals.com ● E-mail : alembic@alembic.co.in ● CIN : L24230GJ2010PLC061123 
 
Date: 11th August, 2025 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533573 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: APLLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Post Results Conference Call held on 5th August, 2025 
Ref: Our Intimation dated 21st July, 2025 
With reference to the captioned matter, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Conference Call held on 5th August, 2025. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
Manisha Saraf 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: A/a. 
 
Manisha Saraf
Manisha Saraf 
2025.08.11 19:25:32 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited Q1 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRANAV AMIN - MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. SHAUNAK AMIN - MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. R. K. BAHETI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. G. KRISHNAN - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. AJAY KUMAR DESAI - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
(FINANCE) 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call of Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
We have with us today Mr. Pranav Amin – Managing Director, Mr. 
Shaunak Amin – Managing Director, Mr. R. K. Baheti – Executive 
Director, Mr. G. Krishnan – CFO, Mr. Ajay Kumar Desai – Senior Vice 
President (Finance). 
As a reminder, this conference call is only for analysts, institutional 
investors. All participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. R. K. Baheti. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
R. K. Baheti: 
Thank you everyone for joining our 1st Quarter '26 Conference Call. I 
am very happy to introduce my colleague, Mr. G. Krishnan, who has 
joined us as our CFO, effective 7th of July 2025. And I am pleased to 
hand it over to him for the opening remarks. Krishnan. 
G. Krishnan: 
Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Baheti for the introduction. Good afternoon, 
everyone. This is my First Earnings Call interaction with all of you as a 
CFO of Alembic. I am truly pleased to be here and it is an honor to join 
a company with such a rich legacy of innovation, operational 
excellence, and strong stakeholder trust. 
Over the past few weeks, I have been spending time engaging with 
various teams, understanding our business levers, appreciating the 
disciplined approach that the company brings to execution. So, I look 
forward to working very closely with the leadership team to continue 
driving sustainable growth, operational efficiency, and long-term value 
creation. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
So, now let me briefly take you through the numbers for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025: 
We delivered a good start to the financial year. Total revenue for the 
quarter grew by 10% year-on-year to Rs. 1,711 crores.  
Growth was broad-based across businesses despite pricing pressure 
in US Generics and API.  
Gross margin that is net of material cost improved from 74.8% in Q1 
last year to 76.2% in Q1 this year, primarily driven by product mix and 
we also embarked on cost improvement programs in manufacturing 
operations that drove the margin uplift.  
EBITDA margins before R&D expenses were at 25% of revenue at Rs. 
424 crores for the quarter. It grew by about 23% over the last year, 
reflecting a revenue growth, better gross margins, and improved 
utilization in some of the facilities that were launched last year.  
R&D expenses increased by 26% compared to the previous year to Rs. 
145 crores and this is in line with the full year guidance that we gave at 
the beginning of this year, which is supposed to be around Rs. 600 to 
Rs. 650 crores in R&D expense.  
EBITDA after R&D expense was at Rs. 288 crores, which is 17% of 
revenue and grew by 20% year-on-year.  
Profit before tax grew by 21% to Rs. 191 crores. Net profit growth was 
at 15% to Rs. 154 crores.  
EPS for the quarter stands at Rs. 7.85 per share compared to Rs. 6.84 
for the previous year. 
Working capital as of June was broadly similar to what we had in March. 
We had better collections, which was partially offset by increase in 
inventory in line with our strategic approach on managing working 
capital.  

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Borrowings, the gross debt was at Rs. 1,185 crores, while net debt 
stands at Rs. 967 crores for the quarter as of June 30th. 
With this, I have given a broad overview of the financials and I will now 
request Shaunak to take you through the India branded business. Over 
to you, Shaunak. 
Shaunak Amin: 
Good afternoon, everyone. This quarter on India business, we under 
delivered with only a 5% year-on-year growth, with reaching Rs. 599 
crores in revenue for the quarter.  
There are some Speciality areas which have shown some momentum, 
but  in terms of building a more robust, sustainable business to deliver 
a strong double-digit growth, there have been some challenges which 
we have tried to tackle, including adjusting some underlying factors as 
well as having a far more vigorous and robust mechanism of what we 
build, how we capture in-market inventory also along with that a more 
vigorous alignment to UCPMP norms that we have to follow as an 
industry. Apart from these, we also understand that certain execution 
levels are not up to standard and we are working on those and trying to 
move people, but getting 7,000 plus people to move overnight does take 
a challenge, but we are definitely working on it. We have a very clear 
idea on where the gaps are and what we need to do to get back into a 
double-digit growth number that we have promised for the year. We are 
working on it on a daily basis and I am sure that very soon we should 
start seeing some of these start to flush out in terms of our growth 
numbers. 
Animal Healthcare continues to do well because of our robust execution 
in that area, and we hope to match the rest of the product categories to 
that level, that standard of growth going forward. Thank you. I will pass 
it on to Pranav now. Thank you. 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you, Shaunak.  

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
I am pleased to present the performance of the 1st Quarter of FY'26 for 
the international business and the API. We began the 1st Quarter on a 
strong note. It was driven by a 21% increase in the rest of the world 
generics, reflecting a strategic expansion and execution across the 
geographies. Despite ongoing pricing pressure in the US, our US 
business also grew by 13%, supported by volume gains. 
We launched four products in the market and we also picked up market 
share in some other products. We expect the US to continue growing in 
the next couple of quarters on the back of some interesting launches as 
well.  
The API business was flat. I have said that it has been a little muted 
due to some issues due to data availability in India and was flat at Rs. 
261 crores for the quarter.  
As we ramp up the utilization of our new manufacturing facilities and 
continue to drive cost optimization initiatives, we expect to benefit with 
improved operating leverage, which will help our margins as well.  
We filed 2 ANDAs during the quarter. We received 6 approvals and 
launched 4 products in the US. We expect to launch 4 to 5 more 
products in Q2 of this year as well. 
With that, I will open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Mr. Tushar Manudhane from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead, sir. 
Tushar Manudhane: Sir, just on domestic formulation while there was an underperformance, 
but if you could throw some light on specialty segment in particular, 
while after many quarters we have seen muted performance for this 
quarter. That was first. And secondly, in terms of you highlighted 
rebuilding the team, if you could just elaborate in terms of what exactly 
are you trying to do here? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes, what I was trying to allude to is that the way we build sales, we are 
trying to keep it far more strict compared to what the Industry norm is 
as well as where we used to be in the past. In terms of our primaries 
versus secondaries, we also implemented a mechanism to capture 
secondaries from the market automatically. So, we have a better control 
on what our inventory levels in market. Some of that also impacted our 
sales in Q1. But largely, like I said, we have to focus more on execution. 
We are more committed to driving underlying growth through our 
prescribers and prescriptions for a sales that is more sustainable in the 
future. 
Tushar Manudhane: Is this impacting a particular therapy or this has been across the 
therapies? 
Shaunak Amin: 
No, this is across the therapies. It's for the whole organization. So, there 
is no specific therapy which will have it. But like I said, we are quite 
confident we have full visibility on what's going on. And we are quite 
confident of where the gaps are and what we need to do to address 
these. 
Tushar Manudhane: And sir, Acute has been better. So, any particular attributes to this? 
Shaunak Amin: 
 Acute were coming off,  if you know the history, we came off a very 
high base. And then last year market was extremely low base.  So,from 
a base point of view, there is some advantage there. But again, like I 
said,  a little better execution on the Acute side also, along with some 
better stability in the market has allowed us to do this. 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it, sir. That is it from my side. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirali Shah from Ashika 
Stock Services. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Nirali Shah: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions. First is on the 
peptide front. So, now that we have a dedicated block, which is a 
commission and correct me if I am wrong, we have allocated almost 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
35% of R&D towards this peptide and complex injectables. I just wanted 
to know if you could update us on the timeline for the first peptide filing. 
Also, any update on filing for Semaglutide and RoW markets? And like 
you had indicated about Tirzepatide, so we are planning for a day 1 
launch in US. So, any filings or any progress on that front? 
Pranav Amin: 
We haven't said that we've allocated 35% of R&D to peptides. I think 
that's not what we've said ever. But yes, peptides is something that we 
are looking and pursuing. What I have said is that we were late for the 
first peptide, which is Semaglutide for the US market. So, we won't be 
there in the first wave of launch for Semaglutide. Tirzepatide which is 
the second one, Mounjaro, is something that we are looking at and the 
follow on GLP-1s that we are doing. Apart from that, we have other 
peptides in the system as well that we are working on, which are going 
into some of the complex injectables. 
Nirali Shah: 
Yes, understood. It's like you mentioned, we are late for Semaglutide, 
but we were aiming for RoW markets. 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, so we are looking at some of the RoW markets for Semaglutide. 
As I said, we were a little late for the first wave markets. After the second 
wave markets is something that we will pursue. 
Nirali Shah: 
Any specific, if you can name which RoW segment are you looking at, 
which market? 
Pranav Amin: 
I would not like to name them right now because I just want to get the 
filings done and ensure that the regulatory strategy is in place before 
we give a comment on that. 
Nirali Shah: 
Okay. And my second question is, you had earlier indicated that we do 
have limited competition injectable launches, which will probably start 
contributing by FY'27. So, any launch expected in FY'26 and if you can 
elaborate more on the segments, are they niche segments or any 
complex dosage forms? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, we have a few complex injectable filings that we will get. One 
approval that we did receive, it's in the public domain, is on the 
Doxorubicin product. Like that, we will get a few more as we go along, 
slowly, slowly, as we keep getting approvals. 
Nirali Shah: 
Okay, understood. Thank you. 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is again on India 
business. So, Shaunak, you mentioned you are clear about the gaps 
and you are working towards fulfilling those gaps, etc. So, according to 
you, how long it will take before you can catch up with the market growth 
rate first and then may outpace the IPM growth? So, approximately, this 
will be how many years of effort according to you? 
Shaunak Amin: 
No,  what we are talking about is not years. We are talking in months in 
terms of timeframes. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So, when do you see your India growth going back to say a market level 
growth? 
Shaunak Amin: 
I can't give you exact comment, but like I have said,  some of these 
things, India is a big country,  executing in the country is challenging.  
To get to 100% of execution for every district in the country is that we 
cover.  I can't give you exact timeframe, but like I said,  it's a matter of 
months that we start seeing double-digit growth and beating or 
matching market growth. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay, but you're confident about the steps which you might have 
outlined and which will help you to really pick up from here on? 
Shaunak Amin: 
We have benchmarked couple of the top of 2-3 companies which we 
feel have set an example of this and a lot of the work we've done is 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
based on those benchmarks and in terms of companies which we feel 
are UCMP compliant and have been able to deliver strong growth over 
the last few years. So, we have benchmarked those kind of companies 
and we have worked on operations to ensure that we meet those 
benchmarks and we can get the people aligned to drive double-digit 
growth. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay, and on the people part, you don't need to add any more? 
Shaunak Amin: 
No, we don't need to add any more people. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay, so it's basically more execution, more expansion? 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes, it's more about better execution, like I said, in every district, in 
every headquarter we cover in the country. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay, that's helpful. My second question is on international business. 
So, first on the US, Pranav, just want to understand, you have seen, 
pickup in the US sales despite price losses which you mentioned due 
to volume expansion etc. So, a couple of your peers have mentioned 
that in the US they are seeing channels de-stocking a bit. I think in 
anticipation of this tariff etc. they were stocking up and now it's getting 
unwind. So, do you see the similar situation? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, we haven't seen as yet. At least channels stocking or de-stocking, 
we haven't seen because it's been so uncertain, right? Sometimes 
you're talking about tariffs and there is no tariffs and there is tariffs. We 
have not seen that. At least from our buyers, we haven't seen it so far. 
Where we saw growth in the US is, as I know, as I said, we launched 
four products. Apart from that, some of the other older products, where 
there was some uncertainty in the market is where the buyers came to 
us and we managed to pick up accounts at a pricing that worked for us. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. And going ahead also, while the uncertainty remains on the tariff 
part, you will be focusing more on new launches, right, to see pickup 
from...? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, exactly. I think. So, on the tariffs, there is nothing you can do about 
the tariffs. I have a theory that it's going to be tough for pharma, right? 
Because what's going to happen is the issue is going to be on the high 
volume, wafer-thin margin products, where you will have an issue with 
the tariffs. And by putting tariffs there, because of wafer-thin margins, 
they are not going to be viable to manufacture in the US as well. So, 
that's the catch-22 that's going to come. As for us, we are continuing 
with what we do, just trying to get whatever products we can, work on 
better supply chain, work on being a better supply chain partner. And 
as we get a little more complex and a little more injectable business, 
that will help a little bit as well. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure. And some of your peers are again focusing on increasing a bit of 
manufacturing footprint in the US as a risk management strategy. Any 
thoughts from your side? 
Pranav Amin: 
No. Okay let's put it this way. Increasing manufacturing footprint in the 
US just because of tariffs is something, in my opinion, not something 
that we are considering. If there was a strategy based on US 
government business or something that you can get at a better pricing, 
then we would look at a manufacturing strategy in the US. But purely 
for the de-risk perspective, it doesn't make sense to allocate so much 
capital for setting a manufacturing in the US. And again if there is going 
to be more generic pricing and competition. So, we are not approaching 
it from that angle. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. That's helpful. And my last question is on your API business. So, 
you mentioned pricing erosion is something which impacted the 
performance during the quarter. So, it is something specific to your 
portfolio or it is an industry-wide phenomenon which you are observing? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, it's a good question. I think it's an industry-wide phenomenon and 
it's not the quarter, it's over the last 6-7 quarters. If you see our API 
business has been quite muted and it's de-grown. Because the API 
business, our API business over the last decade or so has been a 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
fantastic business. Very high margin business, very high EBITDA 
business for us. And so what's happening is, because again, we had a 
record of compliance, we could get better pricing in the market. Now 
with this data that is getting leaked through Chinese traders, everyone 
knows what price you're selling it at, to which buyer. And that's really 
caused a lot of appeal and a lot of uncertainty in terms of our pricing. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sorry Pranav, what is this update from Chinese players you mentioned? 
Can you elaborate a bit? 
Pranav Amin: 
As I mentioned, there is a lot of data that is leaked by Chinese traders 
who give data about all exports from India. That is what is causing this. 
It's not just pharma, it's every sector they have data from. And that is 
what is causing this issue in the API business. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And how do you see this business in coming quarters? Maybe in near 
term we can see similar trends to continue, but any scope of 
improvement? 
Pranav Amin: 
Of course, we will continue doing well. See, it's just the pricing that is 
coming to the issue, right? The pricing is coming in and we may have 
lost some accounts, but the inherent business and our strength of being 
a good supply chain partner, development partner that continues, right? 
So, you'll see it. I think it's in a couple of quarters it'll be tough and then 
slowly we will start growing again from there. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay, sure. Very helpful comment. Thank you. I will get back in the 
queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Foram Parekh from 
Bank of Baroda Capital Market. Please go ahead, sir. 
Foram Parekh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on RoW market. We 
have been doing very well in this region. So, is it possible for the 
management to give us a detailed idea? I mean, what's going right in 
this region? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you. Yes, the RoW part of our business has been a good 
business for us. If you see over the last decade or so, the CAGR has 
been well over 15%, almost 20% if I am not mistaken. It's been a very 
good business. It's nothing, no rocket science per se. Just the clarity 
and strategy in terms of what markets we wanted to go and number two, 
in execution in terms of supply chain. At the heart of everything, what's 
worked for us has been the supply chain execution. Some good supply 
chain execution has led us to good partners who trust us with the 
products. And we've been able to supply and grow in these markets 
with a better margin profile. 
Foram Parekh: 
So, this kind of growth rate, is it sustainable going forward also? 
Pranav Amin: 
 If you see Q1 of last year was a little muted quarter for the RoW 
business. That's why this quarter, it looks much higher. But having said 
that, I expect for the full year, we will grow. We will grow close to about 
10%-15% at least in the RoW markets. 
Foram Parekh: 
Okay. And my second question is on the raw material cost contribution, 
which has come quite low in this quarter, which has aided in growth 
margin. So, going forward, how should we look? I mean, should we look 
at this contribution as the base or a benchmark and go about it? How 
should we look at it? 
G. Krishnan: 
See, raw material cost is a combination of product mix and how things 
happen between API and generics. So it will be anywhere between 
25%-30% depending on which quarter you're looking at and how the 
product mix is going on. And historically, we've been in that range.  We 
will continue to be in that range going forward as well. 
Foram Parekh: 
Okay. And lastly, on the ETR, if you can just guide us for full year ETR 
rate? 
G. Krishnan: 
Current quarter, we are at around 19%. I think we will be in the range 
of 17%-18% overall for the full year. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Foram Parekh: 
Sure. That's helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Sanjay from 
Renaissance Investment Managers. Please go ahead, sir. 
Sanjay: 
Thank you for the opportunity, I have a question on the US generic 
business. You know, excluding the oral solids, you've got about 70 
ANDAs across Derma, Opthal, and Injectables. For these 70 ANDAs, 
how many products have been launched and broadly, if you can 
indicate what would be the contribution to your US revenues? 
Pranav Amin: 
The US revenues as a total from all our businesses is about 29% of 
business. In terms of the products that are launched, Nilesh, can you 
just, I don't have the data with me, can you just mention? 
Sanjay: 
I am referring to only these, the 70 ANDAs across non-oral solids. 
Pranav Amin: 
Non-oral solids. Okay. Sorry. We don't give a revenue breakup between 
the non-oral solids and OSDs. 
Nilesh Wadhwa: 
We will get back to you offline. We don't have it handy. 
Sanjay: 
Okay. Could you indicate like how many products have been launched 
out of these 70 so far? 
Nilesh Wadhwa: 
We can get back to you later on this one. 
Sanjay: 
Okay. Sure. And my second question is, I probably missed the exact 
number. Can you just indicate your gross debt and net debt? 
G. Krishnan: 
Gross debt was at Rs. 1,185 crores as of June and net debt was at Rs. 
967 crores. 
Sanjay: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from 
Nomura Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question and good afternoon. Pranav, you 
mentioned about the tariff and its impact. I mean, it looks it's inevitable. 
I am just wondering, let's say if you have a 10% tariff tomorrow or 20% 
or even higher, how do you think the industry would be reacting? And I 
am wondering for Alembic, given your size of around $250 odd million 
with a wide basket of products, how in that scenario, do you think 
Alembic will be impacted? If you can just, you know, take me through 
your thoughts? 
Pranav Amin: 
There is too many variables there. And it's very tough to say.  We have 
to be very clear. As I said, you have to have clarity of thought what we 
want to do as a company. As I said earlier to the last comment about 
the tariffs earlier, that manufacturing in the US, for me, right now, it's 
not making sense. I don't see it. Because I don't want to do a large 
capital allocation for setting up a manufacturing in the US for the generic 
business, which we are already seeing pricing pressure. It really 
depends on what kind of tariffs come and what kind of pass-through you 
can do. Now, the pass-through that will go to the end consumer, it's not 
up to me, I would like to pass on everything. It really depends on what 
the competition also does. If everybody else says that, no, we will work 
on wafer thin margins, or we will reduce some margins, we want to 
supply to losses, then the business would get dumped. Then the 
business would, of course, be unviable. As far as we are concerned, we 
are cognizant of our bottom-line and if we feel that it doesn't make sense 
to manufacture for the US, then we will walk away from some of the 
businesses if need be. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And currently, how would you think about your profitability, let's say pre 
or post R&D at the scale that you're operating? 
Pranav Amin: 
So, our profitability right now across the RoW and the US is pretty good 
at a pre R&D level, of course, is a higher R&D allocation for the US 
market. So, at a pre R&D level, we have very healthy margins. At a post 
R&D level also, the US has a decent margin. The only thing that drags 
down the margins for the US to operate with the facility is the facilities 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
which are not fully utilized. So, as we go along, as we have more 
utilization from these facilities, that will aid the margins as well. But at a 
gross margin and at a net level, even after R&D, margins are pretty 
good for all the businesses. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And sir, there is no discussion on tariff with the trade and channel yet, 
is it? I mean, is the industry discussing any feedback you're getting? 
Pranav Amin: 
Nothing.  I think it will come down to who can negotiate or what kind of 
deals you can do. But as I said, if everybody else decides to take the 
brunt of the tariff hike, then the trade is not going to accept one company 
going. So, it's a lot of conversations, but I think everyone's still varying. 
It's a lot of variables here right now. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. Thank you. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Tushar from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead, sir. 
Tushar: 
Thanks. Sir, just on the US generic side where the launches have 
helped us track $60 million-$62 million dollars per quarter. But how do 
you think about this given that, you have a good pace of launches in the 
coming quarters as well? 
Pranav Amin: 
So, yes. I think for the US business, the Quarter 1 was a good quarter. 
Moving forward, Q2 also is going to be an interesting quarter. Q2, Q3 
and Q4. And I expect to grow by at least 10% in the US business and 
all across in every quarter at least. We have a few interesting launches 
that are going to happen in the second quarter as well. One just got 
launched. It's a big product Entresto. There is a fair bit of generic 
competition, but I think we should do okay on that product. And the US 
this year should have a good growth. 
Tushar: 
So, specifically for Entresto, as I understand, the API, we don't have 
API in-house and many other players have...  
Pranav Amin: 
No. We have in-house API. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Tushar: 
Okay. Thank you. So, any price erosion we have seen in this product 
inhouse? If you could share some? 
Pranav Amin: 
Entresto? 
Tushar: 
Yes. 
Pranav Amin: 
So, there is price erosion, of course, because it was an innovative 
product and generics have gotten --the launch just happened a couple 
of weeks back. But yes, there is a fair bit of price erosion. But it's still a 
decent market. Let's see over the next few weeks, how it shapes up 
with more entrants come in and they try picking a business. 
Tushar: 
Got it. Thanks for this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from 
ASK Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Yes, good evening. So, the first question is pertaining to the tariffs. First 
of all, there is some, at least in my mind, there is some confusion as to 
whether the 25% duties tariffs that were announced, do they exempt 
pharmaceuticals? 
In 
your 
assessment, 
do 
they 
exempt 
pharmaceuticals? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, as what we have seen. Currently, it seems that pharmaceuticals is 
exempted. 
Gagan Thareja: 
And therefore, are you saying that, it's only through Section-232 that 
subsequently tariffs will be announced? 
Pranav Amin: 
Exactly. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. Because the second one is, under the HTS classification for 
tariffs, the determination of the country of origin, is dependent upon 
where the substantial transformation of the product happens. So, if the 
API, comes from China, or if you have a multi-API product where 
significant share is coming from China and some is coming from India, 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
does it mean that the tariffs on the product will depend upon the source 
of API? And therefore, again, some degree of complexity there? 
Pranav Amin: 
I don't think so, because if that was there right now in the US. See, so 
anyway, right now, in terms of genetics, there is just not enough 
capacity, forget in the US, all over the world, to deal with the formulation 
generic volumes. Now, if you put the API into it, then where are you 
going to get the product from? API, there is almost nothing, no API 
manufacturing, generic API manufacturing facilities in the US, it's a 
dime a dozen. I mean, hardly you can count them on your fingers. So, I 
don't believe that API will come. If that comes, that'll be, it'll be 
catastrophic. 
Gagan Thareja: 
No, my point is, while that itself is a question by itself, my question is 
that, let's say you have a product, manufactured by an Indian company 
which sources its API from China, okay. Under the tariff, HTS tariff code, 
the tariff is determined by the country where the substantial 
transformation of the product has happened. In which case, if the API 
is sourced from China, or the final formulation, it would be a reasonable 
inference that substantial transformation has happened in China, and 
therefore, the formulation tariffs applicable to China are applicable on 
the product, or is it the formulation tariffs applicable to India which are 
applicable on the product? 
Pranav Amin: 
From India only, not China. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay, all right. In terms of your US business, can you perhaps give 
some idea as to how do you see the full year panning out this year, 
especially given in context of the number of approvals you had and as 
they scale up going ahead? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, I expect the US business to grow for the full year anywhere 
between 10% to 15%. We have a whole, We've launched about four 
products from the US in Q1,  and the rest of the year we will launch 
another 10 to 15 products. We should have a fair bit of launches in the 
US market and we will pick up some share, we believe. So, I believe 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
about 10% to 15% is what I'd expect for the US business to grow this 
year. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay, and how should we think of the India business? I mean, the 1st 
Quarter you indicated, was a bit subpar and you had some constraints 
around the UPCMP. Is the whole year going to be a bit impacted by 
these changes or you think recovery is in the works in the next quarter 
or two? 
Shaunak Amin: 
No, it's, like I said, it's a part of the process. It's not a year-long thing, 
it's not a yearly thing. Like I said, it's a matter of months because we 
are working on it SOS to resolve it, like I said, our time frames are in a 
matter of months, not in the years.  
Gagan Thareja: 
Finally, sir, can you give the gross debt numbers and also how you see 
the debt sort of panning out through the year and at roughly what 
numbers you could close the year? 
Krishnan: 
So, you meant on gross debt? So, gross debt was at Rs. 1,185 crores, 
I mentioned earlier. Net debt was at Rs. 967 crores. So, this is still close 
to what we had at the end of March in terms of the gross debt. So, we 
see that of course, the debt movement will depend on how the working 
capital ranges during the quarter. So, we will be mindful of what we 
need to borrow going forward. 
Gagan Thareja: 
But is it reasonable to presume that going ahead, the debt can reduce 
and reduce substantially in the year? 
G. Krishnan: 
Maybe we discuss that in the next quarter. We will see how the 
trajectory of business growth is and what is the need for investing in 
working capital in the next few quarters, considering the dynamics in 
the US market specifically. So, we need to wait and watch. I will hold 
my comment on how the net debt will move, whether there is going to 
be a drastic reduction or not, we will get to see in the next couple of 
quarters. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay, thank you. I will get back in the queue. Thanks for taking the 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Damayanti Kerai 
from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity again. Pranav, you mentioned in some 
of the plans, utilization is right now very low. So, at the network level, at 
what utilization your US plants are operating at? And how do you see 
this moving? 
Pranav Amin: 
We don't give plant-wise utilization, but just to give you a flavor, the 
formulation plant F1, which is our largest plant, that's at practical peak 
capacity. So, at a practical capacity, running at full capacity. The API 
plants are running pretty full as well. It's the injectable, Derm and the 
Onco and the new OSD facility, which is actually the new OSD facility 
is ramping up now and that's at a decent capacity utilization. It's just the 
injectable and the Onco and the Derm facility, which are a little lower in 
terms of capacity utilization. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. And then my second question is, during the quarter, your 
depreciation expense moved up notably. So, is this the new base to 
look for? 
G. Krishnan: 
So, in Q1 of this year, we commissioned our indoor plant, the new 
manufacturing facility for blended business and that has added to the 
depreciation of cost. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. So, current quarter represents the new base to look for the 
depreciation. 
G. Krishnan: 
More or less. That is right. But we also guided for a CAPEX of about 
Rs. 400 crores at the beginning of the year. So, you may have to, of 
course, it will not happen all in one quarter. So, as and when it gets 
capitalized, that will also flow through into the depreciation. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. Can you remind us where is this new, sorry, where is this CAPEX 
getting deployed? 
G. Krishnan: 
So, like we said in the last quarter call as well, most of the projects have 
got completed in terms of capacity augmentation. This CAPEX is going 
to be more towards maintenance, replacement and debottlenecks 
wherever it requires. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
So, majorly for maintenance and maybe very little towards the 
expansion or any upgrade part? 
G. Krishnan: 
Yes. That's right. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. With this, that was the last question for this session. I would 
now like to hand over the conference over to Mr. G Krishnan for closing 
comments. 
G. Krishnan: 
So, thank you for all the questions. I hope you got clarity on our 
performance relating to Quarter 1. And in case there are further follow 
up questions, please do reach out to the team. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Alembic 
Pharmaceuticals Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
