WESTLIFE FOODWORLD LTD.  
Regd. Off.: 1001, Tower-3, 10th Floor • One International Center  
Senapati Bapat Marg • Prabhadevi • Mumbai 400 013 
Tel : 022-4913 5000  Fax : 022-4913 5001 
CIN No. : L65990MH1982PLC028593 
 
 
Website: www.westlife.co.in | E-mail id :shatadru@westlife.co.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
           
Date: 29th July 2025 
 
 
To, 
 
 
 
     To, 
BSE Ltd. (‘the BSE) 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘the NSE’) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers      Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street                              Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
     Mumbai – 400051      
 
Sub :   Compliance with Regulations 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, 
Submission of transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended                   
30th June, 2025. 
 
Re   : Westlife Foodworld Limited (“the Company”): Scrip Code-505533 and 
WESTLIFE (NSE) 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In compliance with Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith 
transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2025, held post the Board 
Meeting of the Company on 23rd July, 2025. 
 
 
In this regard, the transcript of the said earnings conference call has been uploaded on the 
Company’s 
website 
and 
can 
be 
accessed 
at 
the 
weblink: 
https://www.westlife.co.in/investors/financial-news-and-information/  
 
You are requested to take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Westlife Foodworld Ltd. 
 
 
 
 
 
Dr. Shatadru Sengupta 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
SHATADRU 
SENGUPTA
Digitally signed by SHATADRU 
SENGUPTA 
Date: 2025.07.29 12:59:16 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
Westlife Foodworld Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
July 23, 2025 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
▪ Mr. Akshay Jatia – President & Chief Executive Officer 
▪ Mr. Saurabh Kalra – Managing Director 
▪ Mr. Hrushit Shah – Chief Financial Officer 
▪ Mr. Chintan Jajal – Lead Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Westlife Foodworld Limited Q1 
FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
then “0” on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
We would like to remind you that certain statements made by the management in 
today’s call may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
reflect management'’ best judgment and analysis as of today. The actual results may 
differ materially from the current expectations based on a number of factors affecting 
the business. Please refer to the safe harbor disclosure in the Earnings Presentation. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chintan Jajal. Thank you, and over to you, sir 
Chintan Jajal:  
Thanks, Jeet. Welcome, everyone and thank you for joining us on Westlife Foodworld 
Earnings Conference Call for the 1st Quarter of FY ‘26 ended 30th June 2025. 
I am Chintan Jajal, Head IR at Westlife. From the Management Team, I have with me 
Mr. Akshay Jatia – President and CEO, Mr. Saurabh Kalra – Managing Director, Mr. 
Hrushit Shah – Chief Financial Officer. 
We will kick off today’s conversation with Akshay sharing his thoughts on overall 
business progress and outlook. This will be followed by Saurabh taking us through 
operational, financial and strategic highlights. Post that, we can open the forum for 
questions and answers. We will be referring to earnings presentation and financial 
releases available on the BSE, NSE and Investors page of our website. 
With that, I now request Akshay to commence this session. Thank you, and over to 
you, Akshay.  
Akshay Jatia: 
Thank you, Chintan. Hello and good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us 
today. 
We started this financial year on a steady note, navigating a persistent soft business 
environment. However, we remain optimistic that eating out frequency will gradually 
improve supported by lower consumer level inflation. That being said, this marks our 
third consecutive quarter of positive comparable sales reinforcing our confidence in 

 
 
Page 3 of 19 
the strategic path we have chosen and our ability to build momentum on this through 
the year. 
We continue to stay focused on what truly matters, driving guest counts, enhancing 
our value propositions, building customer excitement through product innovation, 
and making strategic investments that set us up for long-term growth. We have 
consistently highlighted the immense potential we see in the south market. There is 
definitely a lot of work ahead of us to build our leadership across categories and to 
improve our accessibility in the south.  
To that end, we have decided to strengthen our regional leadership team. Our 
expanded south India business team structure will help us understand customer 
preferences better, accelerate decision-making, improve operational efficiency and 
enable us to achieve our regional growth aspirations. To foster sustained growth in 
the long-term, we have established a new vertical focused solely on long-term 
initiatives often termed as Horizon 2 projects internally, with a strategic outlook 
extending beyond 2027. 
These represent the portfolio of highly promising endeavors that will ensure our 
continued market leadership in the foreseeable future. I am working in close 
collaboration with our Chief Strategy and Growth Officer to drive this growth. 
Another highlight of the quarter is how we have improved the gross margin by over 
160 basis points sequentially achieving a historic high of 71.6% gross profit despite all 
the commodity price and demand volatility. This has come on the back of structural 
changes to unlock supply chain efficiencies. I am very proud of the work done by the 
team to achieve this.  
I am also proud to share that Westlife recently ranked 33rd among India’s best 
companies to work for, a powerful reflection of our people first culture and the 
passionate teams that we have built over the past many years. In line with our 
commitment to shareholder value creation, I am pleased to share that the Board of 
Directors has approved an interim dividend of Rs. 0.75 per equity share. Looking 
ahead, we remain optimistic on progressively improving the momentum during the 
year. Thank you for your continued support and trust in Westlife. 
I now hand over to Saurabh to take you through the “Operational and Financial” 
details of the quarter. Thank you.  
 

 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Thank you, Akshay. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening. 
As Akshay mentioned, the operating environment during the quarter broadly is 
consistent with recent trends, stable, but remains soft. Despite the muted macro 
trend, I am quite happy that we have continued to build on our execution excellence 
and have delivered resilient performance across our core metrics. Consolidated 
revenue stood at Rs. 6.6 billion, reflecting 7% Y-o-Y growth. Same-store sales growth 
stood at 0.5%, with stable guest count and average check despite continued pressure 
on discretionary spending. 
From channel performance perspective, our on-premise business grew by 8% Y-o-Y, 
as we captured more dine-in occasion across key cities. This momentum reinforces 
the effectiveness of our value proposition and execution-first strategy. Off-premise 
channel contributing to 41% of our total sales remain in line with our three year 
average. This balanced mix validates our thinking and our strength and relevance of 
our omni-channel model in serving evolving customers’ need and balancing basis the 
consumer outlook.  
Gross margin increased by 160 bps sequentially to 71.6%, supported by significant 
enhancement in supply chain efficiencies. Restaurant operating margin increased by 
around 80 bps, led by strong focus on operational excellence. Operating EBITDA at 
Rs. 855 million was higher by 7% over last year. Cash profit after tax stood at Rs. 474 
million, contributing to 7.2% of sales. We remain focused on enhancing store 
productivity, strengthening cost governance, and improving unit level economics to 
mitigate the impact of short-term volatility and strengthen our long-term brand 
equity and top-line growth.  
Our digital business continues to contribute around 75% of our total sales, continues 
to be a significant driver of growth and consumer engagement. We maintain strong 
traction across self-ordering kiosk, McDelivery app, and My McDonald’s reward 
program with over 44 million cumulative downloads and more than 3 million monthly 
active users now as we call it. I can proudly say that we have one of the most digitally 
advanced omni-channel store network across the country, enabling us to personalize 
experience and drive repeat engagement experience. 
From our network expansion perspective, we opened nine new restaurants this 
quarter, taking our total store count to 444 restaurants across 71 cities. Nearly all our 
restaurants now feature McCafé and experience of the future format. With 24% of 
them offering drive-thru services. Our store development pipeline for the year 

 
 
Page 5 of 19 
remains robust and aligned with our Vision 2027 target of 580 to 630 restaurants. Our 
team has sharply focused on execution excellence and we continue to invest behind 
long-term growth opportunity with prudence and precision. 
To summarize, our growth factors are intact. We are fundamentally re-evaluating 
what truly matters to the customers. While the business environment remains soft 
and the market is largely drawn towards affordability, we are instead focusing on 
consumers and redefining what value truly means to them. Accordingly, you will see 
a lot more excitement around holistic value in the coming two quarters, which will 
accelerate our momentum. 
Thank you for your time. I will now hand over to the moderator and open the floor 
for your questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Hi, Akshay, Saurabh. Thanks for taking my question. So, there is some level of regional 
nuance to your growth performance as well, right? So, where south region has sort 
of seen relatively slower traction. In your initial remarks, you did attribute some 
leadership investments specific to that particular region. So, I was checking, if you can 
talk a little bit more on this and how do you see growth shaping up in the region for 
the remainder of the year? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So, thanks for the question, Devanshu. As we have highlighted, consistently now in 
the last few calls, there is a very clear strategic path that we are taking. And the west 
is obviously a region that is responding very well and we have seen good traction. It 
is also due to our strong presence in the west and brand strength that this is playing 
out quite well. 
 
In regards to the south, we have been in the south for 20-plus years now, so we have 
kind of entrenched ourselves well. We are a well-known brand, but there are nuances 
in the south across the key cities itself, be it Bangalore, be it Hyderabad, be it Chennai. 
We have a very good understanding.  
 
However, we did feel that for enhanced decision-making, operational efficiency, 
sharper focus, we wanted to augment our business unit to have a focused view in the 
south, which is why we have augmented our leadership team in the south. It involves 

 
 
Page 6 of 19 
a business officer structure working directly with Saurabh and myself to drive growth 
and that structure involves obviously support across functions, be it HR, operations, 
marketing at the regional level. 
 
So, this is not something new, we have done this in the past, but we did feel that, 
stage the organization is at and the focus we want to deliver in the south, this was 
something that was the need of the hour and we are quite confident in terms of our 
execution of the same. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood, sir. And Akshay, just to follow-up on this, is this the particular reason 
why our HO cost is slightly on a higher side this quarter. So, is this specifically the 
reason for that? 
Akshay Jatia: 
Sorry, could you repeat? We could not hear the first part. So, I will just ask Hrushit to 
answer the question. 
Hrushit Shah: 
Yes. So, Devanshu, so the majority of the cost is on account of certain strategic 
projects that we have kicked off. It is on account of upfront cost that we have incurred 
for those strategic projects, the benefit of which you will see in couple of quarters 
down the line that has led to slightly higher G&A cost. And part of it is also on account 
of people, but majority comes essentially on account of the strategic project-led cost 
in the current quarter. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. Sir, last question from my end. So, I was just seeing your optimized and 
on-premise growth, which it is that footfalls in markets are definitely reducing, 
consumers are preferring convenience versus moving out in markets. Are we also sort 
of directing our expansion towards, say, travel, be it more through drive-thru stores 
or stores in metro stations, airports versus, say, freestanding stores in markets now? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, as per our stated strategy itself in Vision 2027, we wanted to open more drive-
thru stores because that is an integral part of our omni-channel strategy. So, needless 
to say, we do want to do more drive-thrus. We are experimenting on metro stations, 
stores, etc. I do not think that is strategy yet. But our goal is very simple, we have got 
to be where consumers are spending. And whether it is long-distance transit in some 
of the areas like all the access-controlled highways.  
 
We would like to be a part of all access-controlled highways, we would like to be a 
part of all airports. We would definitely look at short-term transit like metro as 
opportunities for the future, but that does not mean that we are compromising on 

 
 
Page 7 of 19 
other areas like high street or a mall opportunity. So, I would not say we have changed 
anything dramatically. We would like to do as many freestanding drive-thrus as 
possible. Because what it does give us is another channel to serve our consumers, 
which we feel at some point in time will become a big growth opportunity. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. Saurabh, can you just lastly help us understand as in what is the typical 
throughput difference between a drive-thru store versus the other freestanding 
stores? And any difference in terms of CapEx that we sort of incur for drive-thru stores 
versus, say, other stores? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, the way we structure, what I can tell you is there is not too much of a difference. 
Obviously, food court is lower capital. But the rest of it we are able to manage within 
our resourcing. We do not give clear breakout. Obviously, needless to say, earlier we 
have given this indication drive-thru does cost Rs. 15 lakh - Rs. 20 lakh extra, but that 
is about it. So, we are able to manage. The way we look at it is you are feeding 
something for the future and as many as we can get so that over a period of time it 
becomes a long-term opportunity. And we have seen almost all drive-thrus do 
exceptionally well after five - six years of their growth and they go far higher than our 
system average. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Fair enough. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening. Sir, two questions for me. Firstly, yes, can you just explain the 
gap, I know you talked about strategic projects that led to higher cost. But I still do 
not get why the restaurant operating margin grew 11.4% and then the pre-IndAS 
EBITDA grew only 0.5%. So, I am assuming there is an increase in the rent because 
there is a gap in sort of the post-IndAS and pre-IndAS EBITDA growth as well. 
 
And the second question was just on growth overall. I think this was partly asked in 
the previous question. But the on-premise growth basically over two years now is 
about 2.5%, if I just do a simple average. And off-premise growth is around 5%. So, 
this is significantly lower than what we are seeing, let us say, the aggregators deliver 
in a single year or even over two years. So, any sort of perspective on that? The on-

 
 
Page 8 of 19 
premise, I understand last year was impacted by whatever geopolitical events, but 
this year, you should not have had that impact as much. 
Akshay Jatia: 
So, Aditya, just answering your first question, I think you spoke about the difference 
between ROM and operating EBITDA, right? And we did call out that our G&A 
expenses have been a little higher this quarter due to investments in strategic 
projects and people-related costs. So, that is probably the difference. And I will ask 
you to take this offline with Chintan if required. But apart from that, we have actually 
seen an improvement in ROM as well as gross margins. So, we have delivered good 
operating efficiencies despite pressure on the top-line. 
 
Second is our business model and the aggregators business model are very different. 
So, I do not think our on-premise growth can be compared to theirs, because we have 
number one delivery, we have takeaway, we have drive-thru and our business model 
is more organic. Theirs is led by a variety of levers. So, I think despite the pressure on 
the delivery business all around, which we have seen even aggregators report, we 
have continued to navigate that environment quite well without it impacting margins, 
as well as drive more growth on our on-premise business, which is actually where our 
competitive advantage lies. And it is our omni-channel model that is going to drive 
the same-store sales growth that we have given guidance towards. 
Aditya Soman: 
Yes. Thanks. No, just to press on actually on both. Actually my question was more on 
the EBITDA growth is 6.9% post-IndAS and pre-IndAS is 0.5%. So, I am assuming the 
gap between those numbers has to be rental, right, because the other costs will all 
come in both before post and pre-IndAS. So, I am just trying to figure out the 
difference. 
Akshay Jatia: 
I mean, like I said, Aditya, if it is an accounting discussion, we can take this offline. 
Like I maintain, our ROM has expanded, our gross margin has expanded. So, please, 
pre-IndAS, post-IndAS can be discussed offline. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Yes. 
Aditya Soman: 
Fair enough. And the second question was more actually on the off-premise growth 
itself, right? I mean, so you talked about, I mean 4% last year, 6% this year. So, over 
two years, it is on average 5%, which was the one I was comparing with aggregators. 
But anyway, I get your response. Thanks. 

 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, from an aggregator standpoint, I think last time also we made this call, from our 
understanding, we are pretty much the leaders as far as aggregator business is 
concerned. We are being competitive in the market, which we play in. Beyond that, 
we would not have any comments on what are the drivers of their growth. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you for taking my question. So, my first question is with regards to the gross 
margin. I mean, we have seen a handsome gross margin expansion this quarter, how 
much of this is really sustainable? And what kind of gross margins can be targeted on 
a two-year, three-year, medium-term perspective? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, I think the guidance on the total number has been given in our Vision 2027, we 
are still maintaining that guidance of how will we scale. I think gross margin was 
always a part of it. We believe that the number, which we have just posted is a 
sustainable number we should be able to sustain and with average volume going up, 
we should even be able to improve on this. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. So, because this is like 150 bps, 160 bps, I mean, would it be fair to assume 
more like a 71 on a sustainable basis or even this number is sustainable what will be 
the larger portion? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
I think the bigger point like we have always maintained, right? So, it is about 
restaurant operating margin, it is about operating EBITDA. There are line items, 
sometimes some goes up, sometimes some other thing goes up. If tomorrow there is 
an inflationary pressure on some, I will not increase my price overnight. But that does 
not mean as an organization, we are not going to focus on improving ROMs. To sum 
it up, right now, we see this as a stable base from where we will start working on. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. That is helpful. And my second and last question is regarding the average unit 
volume of the first store. I mean, this has also declined on a Q-o-Q basis. So, given 
that it still continues to remain in that Rs. 6.2 crore kind of a range. How are you 
looking to drive that up given that the guest count is now stable and the check size 
because you are offering the value offer is also being stable? So, what will be the key 
levers to take this ahead to achieve the Vision ‘27 numbers? 

 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Akshay Jatia: 
So, Gaurav, I think we have given flavor of that in our Vision 2027 document. Even in 
my commentary, we discussed about certain opportunities for the long-term that we 
are scoping out. But more importantly, there is a strong focus on our business in the 
South, which we believe, is poised for growth. And by delivering that itself, we should 
start moving in the right trajectory and we should be on a good trajectory. 
Additionally, we have always spoken about the levers being centered around our core 
categories of burger, chicken, coffee, our digital and omni-channel model. And I think 
with this comprehensive focus, our Vision 2027 growth is quite clearly laid out. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
No, so I do understand, because at that time, the demand conditions were also very 
different when the Vision ‘27 guideline was laid out. And now, given that we are 
seeing the prolonged slowdown in the overall demand environment, so any other 
steps that you are taking versus what you had decided then, that should help you to 
grow at least side of the market? 
Akshay Jatia: 
Yes. Gaurav, strategy do not change just basis the macro environment conditions, 
because we have taken that into account when we thought through our strategy. Yes, 
I think one immediate response to your question is our entire focus on value for 
money and that is not only about price, but it is more about being relatable as a brand, 
having the right offerings across occasions for our customers. That is our number one 
priority, but that again is relevant for both west and south.  
 
There may be some more work required in the south, which is why we have spoken 
about the South as well separately. And I think again, that falls within our menu and 
brand lever and the categories that we play with remain the same, burger, chicken, 
coffee. So, that is why the strategy does not change comprehensively. There are some 
tactical interventions that will be required and I think we have covered most of that. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. Thanks. That is all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avi from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Avi: 
Hi. So, hi, Akshay, wanted to kind of just pick on this gradual pickup that you are 
talking you are expecting in the coming year. Are we witnessing any early signs of this, 
which gives us some confidence or is this more linked to our south initiatives? If you 
could just spend some time to help us appreciate this. And the reason is, if I look at 
the same-store sales growth, it is broadly similar to 4Q levels. So, I wanted to kind of 
just understand, is this more a macro-led comment or you are more bullish, what 
gives you confidence over here? Thank you. 

 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, Avi, this is Saurabh this side. Hello, it is nice to see you. Every quarter, we see you 
only during call, we need to meet up soon. But having said that, actually what gives 
us a lot of confidence is a lot of things, which we put in motion, we have seen it work 
quite well in west and started to give us results, which we expected. So, that gives us 
a lot of confidence is that from a strategy and execution side, we are in the right 
direction. 
 
As Akshay spoke about, we need to be sharper with a nuanced execution for south. 
We are we put across a team and we believe if we are able to fall for south, we will 
be at the path, which we have spoken about. And that is a work ahead of us, we are 
fairly confident about it and that is what gives us some amount of confidence that we 
should be able to challenge this path. 
Avi: 
Any early signs, Saurabh, that we are witnessing, which you can share? Or yet to? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
I am not able to on this call, yes, but there are some experiments, which we were 
doing in south, which seem to be leading some green shoots. 
Avi: 
Got it. Just a second bit is that on EBITDA margins. Now, I mean, if I were to read 
between your comments, you sound, your performance as well as your comments 
makes it sound a lot more confidence in EBITDA margins. Would it be fair to argue 
that, if SSS growth does not decline, EBITDA margins are probably bottomed out and 
we should not see a margin decline from here on? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
I would imagine unless and until there is something, which is beyond our control. But 
I would imagine that, that should happen that EBITDA margins are pretty much at the 
level where we should be able to sustain and improve from where it stands today. 
Avi: 
So, Saurabh, basically our initiatives have ensured that we can manage costs a lot 
more better now, even if same-store sales growth remains stable the way it has been. 
That is what I was trying to get to. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
That is what the indication is. 
Avi: 
Perfect. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
But I do not want to be pompous, because we never know in an environment like 
India, something goes up, tomorrow something goes down. But right now, it looks 
like it is relatively stable. And at this number, we should be able to show some amount 
of sustainable improvement or maintain, for sure. 

 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Avi: 
Got it, Saurabh. Thanks a lot. That is all from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of broader questions on two dimensions of 
demand, one on IT and other on competition. The first, see, IT and appraisal cycle, 
hiring and both appraisal cycle has been weak this season. So, just wanted to 
understand, are you seeing any incremental weakness in your cohort, which caters to 
that part of the demand, IT parks or if you monitor it that way? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Yes, we generally do not give this break up, but I would say… 
Akshay Jatia: 
So, again, just to add to Saurabh’s point, we do not break it out by cohorts, because 
like he said, right, sometimes, one cohort will go up, one cohort will go down, things 
will stabilize. That is the beast of the business that we are in, right, a retail business, 
a hyper-competitive business in a country like India. And these cycles will keep going 
up and down. 
 
So, our endeavor is to ensure that we have sustainable business across all occasions 
and all types of cohorts, where if there is one that is not performing, there are others 
that will make up for it. So, that is how we look at the business. And the break up that 
we are talking about now is more regional, because we feel that is more relevant, 
where if we are able to kind of tackle the regional nuances that come with our 
business, we will be able to deliver on the guidance that we have given the market. 
Tejash Shah: 
Perfect. No, I was just trying to understand because versus other QSR, you are more 
over indexed because of Pune and then south being there. So, I was just trying to 
understand if there is any read-through there. 
 
Second question is, how intense is competition currently? And what form is it taking? 
Is it more aggressive pricing at value and increasing share for voice share or increasing 
spend for voice share or competitors are crowding out prime real estate because that 
is what we are also picking up that the rental costs are going up. So, just wanted to 
understand that part from you. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
I think it is from a mental model standpoint. We have always looked at ourselves 
saying how do we differentiate and look at the consumers. Like you rightly said, when 
going gets tough, everybody talks about affordability and value. What we want to be 
able to do is not only think about affordability and value, but what truly matters to 

 
 
Page 13 of 19 
the consumer. And what I can assure you is we are trying to do a lot more things 
looking at the consumer in mind and be differentiated in the marketplace. 
 
Some of the launches are planned in the next two quarters. You will see we are 
focusing on our core, yet trying to do things, which are little away from what 
everybody else is doing right now. But is value important? Absolutely important. Is 
affordability important in the current context? Absolutely important. The first 
question you asked, is there pressure in some of the IT guys? Yes. But the way to look 
at it is if you are truly a value brand, we should be able to gain share during these 
times.  
 
So, that is how our mental model is and that is how we are trying to look at it. Now, 
how it plays out, we are quite gung-ho that hat we should be able to find an answer 
to it because some of the places we do see some answers emerging. So, that is how I 
would leave it. 
Tejash Shah: 
Right. Just one follow-up on that. So, considering the impetus that industry is giving 
at value end of the offerings, including us, our gross margin expansion has been very, 
very robust and you attributed a large part of it to supply chain efficiency. But just 
wanted to understand, is there any category mix dynamics also playing there that 
chicken indexation actually gives you more room to play on margins versus let us say 
non-chicken part? 
Akshay Jatia: 
I do not think it is exactly like that. Like we have said, it’s supply chain efficiencies that 
we have unlocked. Product mix, we have almost 70% of categories available through 
our menu in western fast food as we, have calculated. So, product mix will always go 
up and down, but our endeavor is obviously to keep improving operating margin. 
Tejash Shah: 
Got it. That is all from my side. And all the best for coming quarter. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignanshu Gor from Bernstein. Please 
go ahead. 
Jignanshu Gor: 
Hi. I wanted to understand two specific things. One, on our reporting of AUV, we have 
changed the definition. Do we intend to continue with this change? And second, how 
do we think about its relation with the earlier definition for our time series 
understanding? 

 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, I think the earlier definition was pretty much all the operating stores. We have 
just made it comp. I think that is rich data for you guys to be able to calculate. So, 
comp means stores, which have been operational for more than 12 months, what is 
their average. Needless to say, you can yourself calculate what total AUV looks like. 
Jignanshu Gor: 
Okay. And the base for this and the same-store sales growth number would be the 
same, right? 
Akshay Jatia: 
Yes. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Yes and no, because what happens is some of the times restaurants close down. So, 
they get removed from the comp AUV base. So, all those are modulation around it. 
Like, for example, our comp base might have a store like Phoenix, which got shut 
down etc., etc. So, it is not exactly like-to-like, but the idea is to be able to make it as 
close to like-to-like as possible. 
Jignanshu Gor: 
Okay. Great. Sure. Thank you. And second question was on gross margin. Would you 
be able to share what part of the gross margin increase is a factor of supply chain 
efficiencies? And have you taken any price increases in the quarter, also the year on 
a Y-o-Y basis? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
There was a marginal price increase taken in March, but it was a very marginal price 
increase. Like Akshay talked about, a lot of them are supply chain efficiencies, 
commodity efficiencies, which have come in and we believe that they are structural 
in nature and we should be able to sustain them. 
Jignanshu Gor: 
All right. Great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak. Please go 
ahead. 
Jay Doshi: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Hi, Akshay. Hi, Saurabh. My question is, your 
confidence on further improvement in south. So, at this point of time, are your SSSG 
growth rate numbers very different between the two regions? And do you think that 
south, is south dragging your SSSG or you think south will accelerate and that should 
help your growth number? Is South underperforming or? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
The simple answer to that, I would not say, I do not know, what the word 
underperforming because that includes a lot of things. Is it dragging down the SSSG? 
Absolutely. So, while we are doing quite well in west, we are not doing as well in 

 
 
Page 15 of 19 
south. We did put a few experiments in. Some of them are being green shoots and 
we need to develop our execution excellence in south specifically, which is what 
Akshay talked about, when he said that we are putting up a team, including a Business 
Officer who will directly work with us to ensure that this execution excellence 
happens in south. And our belief is that if we are able to do it, we should be able to 
get the traction in south, therefore, uplifting our overall growth. 
Jay Doshi: 
And is this an operational aspect of execution or is it something to do with product 
portfolio or competitive? 
Akshay Jatia: 
Yes, So, Jay, that is why we mentioned it is a business structure. It is a business 
problem to be solved, it is not only operational. And the main thing is you have to put 
the customer in the center and understand, why the stores are not performing as well 
as we want them to. And that is something that is already a work in progress since 
the last few months, we have already intervened with some experiments and like 
Saurabh said, we are seeing green shoots.  
 
And we are working quite closely with the team involved to ensure that we bridge the 
gap, and that is the endeavor. The confidence is high because we have done it in the 
west. And we believe that once we are able to solve this business problem, we should 
be on a very good trajectory, which should then continue to get better as we keep 
implementing all the opportunities in front of us. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. Thank you. My next question is, at the time of articulating 2027 
ambitions, I mean, demand environment was very different. Now, in context of the 
current macro, which is not kind for the overall industry, if we continue to see muted 
SSSG, right? I mean, back then the expectation was that SSSG growth will continue to 
be 7% - 8%. But if it ends up at 2% - 3%, then what is realistically, what is the margin 
band that one should think about, right? With 7% - 8%, if you were targeting 15% - 
17%, if it sort of is 2% - 3% what would it be? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So, Jay, I think we can discuss this when we do come back if we need to. As of now, 
we continue to maintain that those are the targets that we are driving towards. We 
are still in the middle of 2025. We have till the end of calendar 2027 to drive towards 
those targets. As an internal team, those are the targets that we set ourselves in all 
our discussions. And if there is a need to revise them, we will be the first ones to call 
them out and call out that need, sorry. And we will then come back with a discussion 
that or, sorry, we will come back with a discussion that will be populated to everyone. 

 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Jay Doshi: 
Sure. Thank you so much. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Resha Mehta from Green Edge 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Resha Mehta: 
Yes. Good evening. So, my question is also kind of related to the previous participant’s 
question on margin. So, in our Vision statement, we have outlined our aspiration to 
reach 18% to 20% margin. So, if we look at the current margins of 13% and let us take 
the lower band of 18% aspiration margins, it is still a 500 basis points gap. So, how 
much of this improvement do we expect by 2027? Let us say, from gross margin 
expansion, from cost efficiencies and from improving footfall? And what is the 
assumption here for a baseline SSSG to achieve, let us say, an 18% kind of margin? If 
you are not able to quantify this, I would appreciate if you could kind of give some 
flavor on the margins aspiration. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Yes. So, I think very clearly, we have talked about saying how do we go to, say, high 
single-digit beyond the median of 5% - 6%. If we are able to do this, we believe we 
have done a good job in terms of being able to keep our break evens and cost in 
control. So, if you are able to get at least a year, year and a half of high single-digit 
comp growth around 7% also, we should be able to achieve what we have set out to 
achieve. And that is what we are planning to, that is why we are saying we are not 
given up on it. 
 
We are very clear that in this kind of environment, we got to look at the consumer 
and be able to say what do we need to do in order to get where we want to be. So, 
that is how we are looking at it. Like I said, these are broad based numbers. A lot of 
it, the moment you were to do a math on our 6% - 7%, 7% of same-store sales growth, 
you will see whether it is EBITDA or whether it is Vision 2027. At the lower end, it will 
be achieved without too much of an hustle. So, the big task to be done for us is how 
do we accelerate to be able to reach at that number. And that is where the endeavor 
is, that is where we are working towards. 
Resha Mehta: 
So, would it be correct to conclude from your comments that largely this margin gap 
would be bridged by SSSG expansion, which is to the tune of expectation of 6% - 7% 
SSSG to achieve an 18% kind of a margin? Broadly, I mean, this is what would be fair 
to conclude? 

 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Yes, broadly. 
Resha Mehta: 
So, what would be the sensitivity in terms of, let us say, if there is a 100 bps or a 1 
percentage point improvement in SSSG, then what kind of operating leverage, that 
leads to? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
While it was all broad comments, I would not go here. You all can calculate the 
operating leverage or deleverage, which comes out of SSSG being negative, positive. 
So, I would not comment this here. At an organization level, when you are creating a 
plan, you are creating the plan to be able to, say, how do we grow revenue, how do 
we bring profitability in. That is the endeavor, that is how we look at it. Now, can 
situation go wrong? Absolutely. It can, something like COVID happened, all the 
profitability went down. We do not know what we do not know. But what we are 
saying is if everything remains stable, we do believe that there is a task of accelerating 
growth and then we are working towards it to make sure that, that happens sooner 
than later. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right. And just the last one. So, our royalty is around 5.6% currently, how does that 
move over the next two years to three years? Like, what are the thresholds for it to 
increase, if any? 
Akshay Jatia: 
That table is available on our website, so please take a look at that and if you have 
any other questions around that, you can contact Chintan and his team, they will be 
able to answer that. But we have given all the guidance available for royalty on our 
website. 
Resha Mehta: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amruta from Wealth Managers India 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Amruta: 
Yes. Thank you for this opportunity. Sir, my question is regarding there was this new 
McDonald’s deal, which was announced like where a new thing meal was launched 
by the McDonald’s north and east. So, is this offer available pan India? Like, Yum! 
Brand has this uniform rollout nationwide. So, does McDonald’s have such a strategy 
too or does it have a regional specific where, both the franchises can have different 
product development, like the dishes development and also the new offers and 
everything? 

 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So, the first answer is, no. Ranveer Singh Meal is not available with us. We 
strategically aligned it a year in advance of where do we want to partner, like we are 
already talking about next year. So, wherever we want to partner, we will partner. 
The two businesses are at very different stages and it is up to the licensee to be able 
to say whether we will partner or not. So, right now, we decided last year itself that 
we are not going to be a partner.  
 
So, there is freedom within the McDonald’s framework in which we got to get to do 
what is right for our business and our customers. And they get to do what is right for 
their business and their customers. So, we did not participate in any of this. 
Amruta: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jagdish Sharma, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Jagdish Sharma: 
Hi, sir. Thank you, sir. Thanks for giving me this opportunity. I just have one broad 
question, while in the QSR sector, if we have to see the gross margins of our Pizza 
competitors, both are in the same level similar level 70% - 72%. I know in our Vision 
document, we want to take our EBITDA margin to 18% to 20% and all these things. 
But why is the EBITDA margin different even now? Because they were talking about 
23% - 25%, so we are talking about 18% to 20%. So, what is the difference between 
us and our Pizza competitors and other business players? 
Akshay Jatia: 
See, we have different business models. We are here to talk about our business 
model. So, I cannot really comment on their business model in terms of their gross 
margins. But what we can say is we have clearly given our guidelines in terms of our 
EBITDA margin aspirations and we stick to that. 
Jagdish Sharma: 
Okay. Okay, sir. My last question is like what is the guidance for this year, SSSG and 
the revenue growth? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So, again, we do not break it out into yearly guidance, you have our Vision 2027 
guidance. And we hope to get to a point where we can do that so that there is more 
predictability. There is improving momentum expected through the year. We have 
been at this flat level for the last couple of quarters. Like we have discussed through 
the entire call, there are multiple growth initiatives in the pipeline and we definitely 
do not see things worsening. We feel the bottom has already passed us and the 
improvement should be apparent in our results as we move forward. 

 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Jagdish Sharma: 
Great. Great. Great, sir. Thanks, sir. Your Korean burgers are really awesome. I am a 
fan of your this thing. I have one session or one recommendation is, like if possible 
give the shareholders some discount in terms of coupon or something like that. Yes. 
Thank you, sir. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Thank you so much for attending our call and we look forward to seeing you again 
next quarter. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Thank you. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Westlife Foodworld Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: Please note that this transcript has been edited to correct any inadvertent grammatical 
inaccuracies or language inconsistencies that may have occurred while speaking. The audio of this call is 
available here.  
 
