 
 
 
 
 
Date: 19th August, 2025 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block ‘G’ 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol -  DOLLAR 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code :541403  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Reg : Intimation of  availability of transcript on Analyst(s)/Institutional Investor(s) meet – 
‘Earnings Call’ 
In continuation to our letter dated 4th August, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46 (2) of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on Tuesday, 12th August, 2025 at 4.00 pm (IST) as organized by Motilal Oswal, 
on the interaction of the Company’s representative(s) on the Un-Audited Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter ended 30th June, 2025 and/ or any other matter as discussed, is as 
enclosed. 
 
Please note that the same is also available on the Company's website at  
 
https://www.dollarglobal.in/board-of-directors/earnings-call/  
 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Dollar Industries Limited 
 
 
Abhishek Mishra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
ABHISHEK 
MISHRA
Digitally signed by 
ABHISHEK MISHRA 
Date: 2025.08.19 
15:17:50 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
  
“Dollar Industries Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Results Conference Call” 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT GUPTA – PRESIDENT, MARKETING – 
DOLLAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. GAURAV GUPTA – VICE PRESIDENT, 
STRATEGY – DOLLAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. AJAY PATODIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DOLLAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUMANT KUMAR – MOTILAL OSWAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Dollar Industries Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the 
end of today's presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and very warm welcome to Dollar Industries Q1 FY '26 
post results earnings call, hosted by Motilal Oswal Finance Services Limited. On the call today, 
we have management team being represented by Mr. Ankit Gupta, President, Marketing; Mr. 
Gaurav Gupta, Vice President, Strategy; and Mr. Ajay Patodia, CFO. We'll begin the call with 
key thoughts from the management team. Thereafter, we'll open the floor for the Q&A session.  
I would now like to request the management team to share their perspective on the performance 
of the company. Thank you, and over to the management team. Thank you. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you, Sumant. Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to you all. Thank you for 
joining us today for the Dollar Industries Q1 FY '26 earnings investor call. Gaurav and I will 
walk you through the business and operational highlights of the quarter, while our CFO, Mr. 
Ajay Patodia, will share the financial metrics. 
 
Before we move into the financial results and operational highlights for Q1 FY '26, we would 
like to express our sincere gratitude to our shareholders, analysts and stakeholders for joining us 
today. Your continued support and engagement remains invaluable as we navigate both the 
opportunities and challenges within our industry. We would also like to draw your attention to 
the Safe Harbor statement included in the earnings call presentation. We request all participants 
to review it before the Q&A session begins. 
 
Let me start with the broader picture. The outlook for the Indian apparel industry remains strong 
with its market size estimated at $108 billion in FY '25, and it's expected to grow at a healthy 
9% CAGR until FY '31. This momentum is being driven by rising incomes, higher discretionary 
spending and greater access to products through e-commerce and quick commerce.  
With our strong brand presence, expanding reach and focus on premiumization, Dollar Industries 
is in a great position to capitalize on these opportunities. Importantly, we have not been impacted 
by the recent tariffs imposed by the United States as we have no exposure to the U.S. market. 
 
With a favorable industry trend, we have delivered a strong start to the year with operating 
income for Q1 FY '26 reaching INR399 crores, representing a healthy 19.6% year-on-year 
growth. Volumes increased by 18.7% compared to Q1 FY '25.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Our premium segment continued their strong growth trajectory, delivering 24.0% year-on-year 
value growth and 19.4% year-on-year volume growth with the average selling price rising 3.8% 
year-on-year. Force NXT recorded 21.5% year-on-year value growth and 18.0% year-on-year 
volume growth.  
Our athleisure segment grew 14.3% year-on-year, reflecting strong demand for versatile apparel. 
India's athleisure market valued at $13.15 billion in 2024 is projected to grow at 5.5% CAGR, 
indicating a promising long-term opportunity.  
These results reflect our strategic focus on driving growth through premiumization and 
enhancing the revenue contribution from high-margin products, which is positively influencing 
our ASPs. Additionally, stable raw material prices are expected to support and further strengthen 
our margins going forward. 
 
We would also like to draw your attention to our cash conversion cycle, which stood at 173 days 
in June '25. This is primarily due to two factors. First, quarter 1 is typically the smallest quarter 
of the year and for calculation purposes, the Q1 FY '26 revenue has been annualized, which 
mathematically inflates the number of days.  
Second, the higher inventory levels reflects the production of thermals for the upcoming 2 
quarters, which are higher value products. We remain focused on reducing our cash conversion 
cycle to around 150 days by the end of this fiscal year, an improvement of approximately 10 
days compared to last year. Thank you.  
Now Gaurav will provide further details on the business and operational highlights of the quarter. 
Gaurav Gupta: 
Thank you, Ankit. In quarter 1 FY '26, Dollar Industries modern trade, e-commerce and quick 
commerce channels delivered strong momentum, recording value growth of 65.2% and volume 
growth of 82.0% year-on-year. These channels contributed to 12.2% to total revenue, up from 
8.7% last year, a rise of 351 basis points.  
A significant growth driver has been the quick commerce segment, which continues to create 
new avenues for consumer engagement. We remain highly optimistic about its potential with its 
contribution to total revenue reaching 3.1% in quarter 1 FY '26. This performance reflects a 
broader industry shift towards an omni-channel ecosystem driven by a young digitally savvy 
customer base. 
 
Premiumization remains a key trend as consumers seek higher quality and differentiated designs, 
while D2C and quick commerce are unlocking new growth opportunities. Increasingly, brands 
are also being evaluated on purpose and sustainability, making it imperative to align with 
evolving consumer values. Dollar Industries is actively leveraging these shifts to strengthen our 
market position.  
The growth prospects are further supported by the rising penetration of online retail in India, 
expected to increase from 8% of total retail sales in FY '24 to 14% by FY '28. Modern trade and 
e-commerce channels also enable us to broaden our SKU portfolio, leading to higher ASPs and 
further supporting our premiumization strategy. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Coming to region-wise, Northern India accounted for 45% of total operating revenue, followed 
by Eastern and Western India 24% each and the Southern India contributed 7%. Our strategic 
partnership with G.O.A.T continues to yield strong results with the Pepe Jeans JV delivering a 
positive PAT in Q1 FY '26, driven by robust growth in modern retail and quick commerce 
channels.  
Further, in Q1 FY '26, revenue was INR12.94 crores, reflecting a 56.6% quarter-on-quarter 
growth. PAT stood at INR1.53 crores, up 54.1% quarter-on-quarter with a PAT margin of 
11.8%. We plan to introduce a broader product range under the JV in the coming months to 
further enhance our portfolio and strengthen our market presence. Thank you.  
I'll now hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Ajay Patodia, to present the financial metrics. 
Ajay Patodia: 
Thank you, Gauravji. Good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate you all joining us for our quarter 
1 FY '26 earnings call. Before we open the floor for question-and-answer session, I would like 
to take a moment to walk you through a brief summary of our financial performance for the 
quarter. I trust you have had a chance to review the earnings presentation and press release. 
While Ankitji and Gauravji have already shared their perspective on the broader macroeconomic 
environment, I will now focus on our financial highlights for the quarter and full fiscal year. 
 
In quarter 1 FY '26, our revenue from operations rose by 19.6% year-over-year, reaching 
INR399.13 crores. Our gross profit for quarter 1 FY '26 grew by 19.0% year-over-year to 
INR141.48 crores with a gross margin of 35.4%. Our operating EBITDA for quarter 1 FY '26 
was INR42.88 crores with a margin of 10.7%. The EBITDA margin stood at 10.9% in Q1 FY 
'26. Finally, our profit after tax for the quarter was INR21.32 crores, growing by 39.3% year-
over-year, translating to PAT margin of 5.3%. 
 
On the balance sheet front, our net debt reduced from INR329 crores in March '25 to INR278 
crores as of 30 June '25. We remain committed to further lowering our debt burden with no 
significant capex plan over the next couple of years. The free cash flow generated from 
operations will be directed towards debt repayment, resulting in lower finance costs and 
improved profitability. We also generated a free cash flow from operation of close to INR67 
crores in the quarter gone by. 
 
Now I would quickly run you through the brand-wise contribution for this quarter. Bigboss, our 
Dollar men's segment contributed around 40%. Our Dollar Always contributed around 42.3%. 
Our women's segment Dollar Missy contributed 8%. Rainwear segment Dollar Protect 
contributed around 4% and our premium segment Force NXT contributed around 4.2% and our 
Dollar socks  around 2%.  
We remain firmly committed to our strategic priorities and growth initiatives aimed at driving 
long-term sustainable profitability. Our focus on premiumization supported by rising 
contribution from modern trade, e-commerce and quick commerce will position us well to 
deliver strong revenue and profit growth this fiscal year and beyond. Thank you all.  
With this, we will now open the floor for the question and answer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Divanyash Thakur from Hill View Global. 
Divanyash Thakur: 
First of all, congratulations on the great results. So, I had a question regarding Project Lakshya. 
So, Project Lakshya contributed 26% in fiscal year '24 and 30% in fiscal year '25. You have said 
that you target about 70% contribution by fiscal year '26, supported by expansion into Madhya 
Pradesh and Jharkhand. So what are your company's plans or strategies to reach this goal, if you 
can further…? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So in Q1 FY '26, our overall contribution coming in from Lakshya Project was 32% of our total 
revenue without any increase in the number of distributors. Like I said in the earlier call also, 
like a call before like year-end call, earnings call, the thing is that due to the intensive 
competition into the market and with this particular project, it really disrupts the market for a 
time being. And therefore, in order to save the market share or the shelf space at the MBO point, 
we have slowed down, paced it a bit down the implementation of this project. 
Ajay Patodia: 
Currently, we are not very aggressive in this project, but we assure that we optimized it. We 
completed the project within 2 years. 
Divanyash Thakur: 
If I can follow up, is there -- so if we are going to expand then, is there any margins that we are 
looking at, particularly if we increase the pace of Project Lakshya by inventory management? 
Ajay Patodia: 
Yes, we already implemented the SAP HANA in our project. And we have the system from -- 
where we have the data from the Project Lakshya in our system, the system -- DMS system is 
integrated with our SAP system. So we get the actual quantity, which is required at every state 
and in every pin code. So accordingly, we are planning our production and we control our 
inventory. And for this reason, we expect this year we achieve our target to reduce the working 
capital days in the current year from 160 to 150. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubhankar Gupta from Equitree Capital. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
Yes. Actually, I have two questions. So first question is around e-commerce. So what have you 
done differently over the last 1 or 2 years for the uptick of modern trade and e-commerce 
channels? That's one. Second is roping in large stars like Mahesh Babu for South India, South 
India promotion, has it shown any goodness? And how are we reaching that?  
Ankit Gupta: 
So Gaurav, do you want to take this? 
Gaurav Gupta: 
So in e-commerce, what we have done is we have really driven deep into the various portals that 
are available, say, Myntra, Flipkart, Amazon, we have decided to tie up and kind of penetrating 
all the kind of business models that they have, to reach the customer and reduce the TAT, 
because in today's world, what happens is the customer is not ready to wait for the product.  
So they have got different models and different warehouses across India where your product, if 
it is made available, it reaches the customer at a faster pace. So we have explored that segment 
in depth. That is about e-commerce.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 6 of 15 
 
And coming to modern retail LFS channels, we have tied up with Walmart. We have tied up 
with Spencer’s. We have even given to V-Mart, V2. So we are expanding our doors with respect 
to them as well. So this is in regard to the e-commerce and LFS and how we are expanding into 
them. 
 
Coming to about our association with Mahesh Babu as a South Indian brand ambassador, he 
definitely has created a buzz in the market. But South India being a very, very tough market 
because the local brands and the presence is so strong and to change that mindset and to declutter 
that, it's a long process. So to comment anything in regard if it has actually benefited us in 
numbers will be a very difficult thing to tell. But it's a long process. 
Shubhankar Gupta: 
That's fair. So I think in terms of South India, right, as you rightly said, I mean, it's a tough 
market to penetrate because of local presence. What I'm trying to understand more granularly is 
how are we gauging that? And let's say, one way could be that in FY '24 or '25 in the midst of 
that and post that one year, let's say, our presence -- our whole revenue from South India was X 
and now it's Y. So if you could share that number, it could probably give some early signs as to 
how it's coming along.  
Gaurav Gupta: 
Ajay ji, can you share the numbers with them? 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes. So Shubhankar, the thing is that in South India, like Mahesh Babu is -- so first, we have to 
understand that all the 5 states act very differently, and they have their own set of culture rules 
and liking, disliking and everything, right. So Mahesh Babu is very famous in the state of 
Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. He has some kind of a penetration in Karnataka, but not much 
in Tamil Nadu or Kerala. So with Mahesh Babu, like if you talk about Q1, we have seen Andhra 
Pradesh growing by around 40%, whereas at a company level, we grew by 19.9%. But in Andhra 
Pradesh, we grew by 40%. And in Telangana also, we got a good growth, which was somewhere 
around 20%, 21%. 
 
But overall, to see the actual effect of Mahesh Babu in the market, it's a gradual process. So it 
will happen with time. Maybe in the next couple of years, we'll be able to see a very big change 
in South India market penetration because we have changed the entire packaging also as per the 
South India. We have added the local language also in the packaging with Mahesh Babu's picture 
and everything. People are liking it. We are getting good feedback from the retail point also, like 
from the MBOs. We are getting a very good feedback about it. So it's just a matter of time, and 
we are very hopeful that it will take off. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, a few -- like in last week, your competitor reported Page Industries. And they highlighted 
that overall industry trends have remained very sluggish. In fact, they themselves saw a very 
steep moderation. And you have grown 19%. I was looking at Lux Industries' number, they have 
grown at 12%.  
So just wanted to understand overall industry, like have the competitors exited some markets, 
which has resulted in you gaining shelf space? Are consumers down trading from higher 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 7 of 15 
 
premium levels to mid-premium levels? Have you seen any increase in receivables this quarter? 
Just some color on the overall growth performance in industry. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So see, one thing we need to understand that Page operates in a very different market segment. 
Their target consumer is very different from our target consumers. And if you see Page 
Industries, they mainly sell through their EBOs, large-format stores, which is like modern retail, 
what we call. A great percentage of their sales comes from organized channel and not from trade 
channel. But in our case, mostly our sales comes from trade channel and very less like around 
10% to 12% from modern channel, like organized retail, I would say. 
 
So there's no down trading happening in the market. Yes, maybe it may happen so that consumer 
footfall at an EBO level or a large format level might be sluggish. But what we are able to see 
in the market is we are getting good demand from our distributor point and the MBO point. And 
even if suppose there was so much sluggishness in the market, then our Lakshya areas would 
have degrown. But let me give you an example like Haryana, Gujarat or Orissa, where we have 
100% rollout done, these states are completely under Lakshya project.  
And in Gujarat, we have grown by around 25%. Haryana, we have grown by 18%. And Orissa, 
we have grown by around 20%. So the reason why I'm citing these examples are because 
whatever the distributor sells to the MBO, we replenish to the distributors on a weekly basis. So 
this growth signifies that on a secondary level also, the goods are moving and there's no 
inventory getting stock up at a distributor level. So I wouldn't say that it's very much sluggish 
when we talk about trade channels. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. So basically, different segments in the market are behaving differently. That would be a 
-- that would be an interpretation. 
Ankit Gupta: 
But there's no down trading which is happening. Like a person wearing a Jockey wouldn't be 
wearing a Bigboss. He might go and try Force NXT, which is our premium product and equally 
comparable to Jockey because if you see our Force NXT growth also, we have grown by around 
18% this particular quarter. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And how much is Force NXT now for you as a percentage of your sales? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So it's around 4.2% to our total revenue contribution. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhargav from Ambit Capital Asset Manager. 
Bhargav: 
Sir, my first question is that in the fourth quarter, we did have some additional discounting, 
which was being done by the industry. Has this discounting started reducing or the intensity still 
continues to be very high? 
Ankit Gupta: 
Bhargavji, the thing is that the competition is still intense in the market. And the thing is that the 
discounting that we -- the extra schemes and incentives that were given in quarter 4, it has started 
reducing but not up to an optimum level where we would be telling that we are satisfied with 
the pricing levels. It is yet to come down. And gradually, I think in a couple of quarters, we 
should see some changes happening. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Bhargav: 
Okay. Secondly, sir, we've reduced the debt by about INR51-odd crores in this quarter. Is it fair 
to assume that by the year-end, we can reduce about INR100-odd crores given that free cash 
flow generation in this quarter was also impressive at about INR67 crores? 
Ajay Patodia: 
Yes, Bhargavji, we already reduced INR50 crores, and we are targeting to reduce more within 
this year. Our ultimate aim is to -- by FY '28, we have to, the company to be net debt free. And 
already in my commentary, our management wants to release the working capital and there is 
no capex plan in next two years. So all the release working capital amount is adjusted towards 
the debt only. So we are very hopeful that we achieve our target. 
Bhargav: 
And lastly, sir, obviously, we reported very impressive 19% volume growth. But fair to say that 
the secondary market has also seen equivalent growth or there is some inventory that the channel 
may be sitting on given the upcoming festive season? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So it would be a mix of both, I would say. But given the scenario that we have seen in the 
Lakshya areas, there has been equal amount of growth that we have seen in the secondary market 
as well. Because over there in Lakshya areas, we don't stock up inventory at our distributor level, 
and we don't push our products, right? Whatever they sell to the MBO, we bill it to the distributor 
on a weekly basis.  
And seeing that scenario, seeing the secondary data, like billing from distributor to the MBOs, 
we have seen a good jump in the secondary also. So it would be unfair to say that people have 
stocked up the goods and we have pushed to them. So I think it would be a blend of the two and 
more contributed towards the secondary growth only. 
Bhargav: 
In terms of advertising cost, how is the trend on a Y-o-Y basis? Is it falling or it continues to 
remain on a growth path? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So in Q1, our advertisement cost was somewhere around INR29 crores with respect to INR24.5 
crores last year. So it's 18% growth. But overall, on a year-on-year basis -- on a full year basis, 
we'll be capping our advertisement cost to somewhere around INR85 crores to INR90 crores. 
Bhargav: 
And lastly, in terms of your Lakshya areas, what has been the volume growth? Is it possible to 
quantify? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So in Lakshya areas, if we talk about all the states who have been rolled out fully, like if you 
talk about Gujarat, so there we have seen a volume growth of 25%. Haryana, we have seen 18%. 
Telangana -- sorry, Andhra Pradesh, we have seen around 50% kind of a growth. And if we talk 
about Orissa, we have seen 21% kind of volume growth. And where the project is still ongoing, 
there it's somewhere around 12% to 13% kind of a volume growth that we have seen. 
Bhargav: 
And the working capital in these areas would be how much, sir? 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sorry? 
Bhargav: 
Lakshya areas, is it fair to assume that the working capital days will be lower? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes, definitely. The debtor days in Lakshya area is lower than what we see in the normal non-
Lakshya areas. 
Bhargav: 
Both debtor  and inventory, right? 
Ankit Gupta: 
Debtor. Because inventory -- our sale is completed when we bill it to the distributors. And there's 
no goods return into the company, right? So inventory at the distributor level does not come into 
our working capital cycle. 
Bhargav: 
Okay. And lastly, in terms of Lakshya in the next two years, where do you see the rollout from 
current 31%, 32%? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So it would be very difficult to actually commit or give guideline on the same. We really want 
to wait for 3, 4 months before we actually come with a proper plan and the strategy. Because of 
the intense competition that is going on in the market, we are unable to comment on that. But 
we are very optimistic about the project, and we really want to take it forward because we are 
seeing good growth. It's just that in a short-term period, it causes disruption in the market. And 
we are not yet ready to actually lose the market share while we are implementing this particular 
project. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepali Kumari from Arihant Capital Markets. 
Deepali Kumari: 
As you have made INR16.5 crores export revenue in Q1 across 15 countries. So what category 
are you targeting for export in next 2 or 3 years? And are there any specific geographies you are 
prioritizing and looking for in your geography? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So we have always been strong in the Gulf market. But the newer market that we are trying to 
enter and increase our overall export is the African market and Myanmar, Burma. So we have 
very recently, like last year only, we started off with African market and Burma exports as well. 
So we hope that we'll be able to crack, because it's very difficult to enter a market where -- so in 
the African market, there's a lot of counterfeit product that sells. There's a lot of private labels. 
So there's a cost constraint also in order to enter into the particular market. So we are very 
hopeful that we'll be able to grow our exports. 
Deepali Kumari: 
Okay. And sir, are you looking for inorganic growth for brand acquisition... 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sorry... 
Deepali Kumari: 
Are you looking for any inorganic growth? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So we have been looking for inorganic growth for quite a while, but things have not materialized 
as of now. But in case there's a good opportunity that comes in with the business point of view, 
yes, we are open to it. 
Deepali Kumari: 
And sir, how do you see the product mix evolving between core innerwear, outerwear, athleisure 
segment by '27 or '28? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So currently, our athleisure segment is around 12%. Our innerwear contributes around 85% to 
our sales. And the rest is thermals and socks and women outerwear. Going ahead, we grow at a 
faster rate than our innerwear. And we are very optimistic about the thermals also. Since it's a 
seasonal product, one can't comment on that. But yes, there's a good opportunity, and our market 
share is very less when we talk about thermal wear. So we have a good opportunity over there 
as well.  
Plus the raincoat that we have come out with Dollar Protect, so we are getting very good traction. 
In a couple of years, we are standing at 4% of our total contribution coming in from Dollar 
Protect rainwear. So we are very hopeful about these product categories growing at a faster rate 
than the core products. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman from AUM Capital. 
Naman: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So I have a question. I just want to understand, since 
the cotton forms a major part of your raw material, how has been the trend in the cotton prices 
till date? And how should we expect it to evolve going ahead? 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sorry, we didn't get your question. 
Naman: 
So I was asking that since cotton forms a major part of our raw material, how has been the trend 
in cotton prices till date? And how should we expect it to evolve going ahead? 
Ajay Patodia: 
Currently, cotton market is very stable. And from last 6 months, average cotton price is stable 
between INR55,000 to INR56,000. And as per current guidelines, the agriculture for cotton crop 
is also very good. And we hope that there is no fluctuation in the market with regard to cotton 
prices. And it is stable for next 6 to 12 months. 
Naman: 
Okay. And as you said that you expect the price to remain stable. So, say, suppose in case there 
is some hiccups going ahead, have you done any kind of hedging to protect the prices? Because 
if it shoots up, then it is obviously going to impact our performance. 
Ajay Patodia: 
Actually, we purchased 80% of the -- our procurement is yarn only. So we require 20% -- we 
purchase cotton for our spinning unit only. So there is no requirement for such hedging purpose. 
Naman: 
Okay. And my next question is could you please provide us a breakup of your export revenue 
based on country, like what portion of your export accounts for a particular country, if you can 
just provide that breakup? 
Ajay Patodia: 
Currently, not available now. But we can help you to send after the call if you contact at our 
email, we can give certainly. Just to clarify that we don't have any exposure to U.S. market. So 
there is no impact on the tariff imposed by United States. 
Naman: 
Yes, yes. You mentioned about -- so on that part, I have no further questions to ask. And I hear 
you mentioning that advertisement cost is somewhere around…  
Ajay Patodia: 
Our target… 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Naman: 
Somewhere around INR39 crores. I'm assuming you are targeting around INR80 crores to INR90 
crores going ahead, right? 
Ajay Patodia: 
In absolute terms for the full year. 
Naman: 
In absolute terms. And while I was going through your financials in the other expenses part, 
there was approximately 90% jump on a Y-o-Y basis. So could you please shed some light on 
that, like what led to this sharp jump? 
Ajay Patodia: 
Actually, in quarter 1, we have promotion through the IPL also. So in quarter 1, it is heavy but 
overall in full year, the budget is within our range, within 5% to 6% only. So current year, our 
total cost -- total budget is around INR80 crores to INR85 crores. So in next quarter, there is less 
expense on advertisement. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anik Mitra from Finnomics. 
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, my first question is regarding EBOs. Sir, in FY '25, you have given a target of 125 EBOs. 
And in FY '24 and '25, we have seen that you have 17 EBOs. And once again, you have given 
125 EBOs target by FY '26. So I just want to understand how do you achieve this number? What 
would be the strategy behind like achieving this 125 EBOs from 17 currently? And what would 
be the impact of this increasing impact on your top line? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, Mr. Anik, the thing is that during last year only, we said that we are not opening any EBO 
and we won't be able to open 125 EBOs by FY '26 also because the basic problem still persists 
that the exclusive brand outlets that we have, the ASPs are very low and the per ticket value is 
that we are getting right now is not feasible and it's bleeding, right? So up to a certain level, we 
are able to optimize.  
Also we are treating it as a white elephant, like it is more of an experience store for our consumer 
and it's a permanent hoarding of our brand, which is there. And we are compensating our 
franchisees also on a yearly basis. Although the amount is not big enough, it's almost negligible. 
So the amount we are bleeding is almost negligible, but finding new franchisees for the stores is 
getting difficult. 
 
Secondly, we don't really want to open COCO stores because it would be capital intensive and 
a lot of -- it's capital heavy. So that's why we don't want to move for COCO model. Yet we are 
trying a few different things in the market with respect to EBO like kiosk and getting smaller 
stores where we can find franchisees very easily. So we are working on that. And we are also 
working on the front that how do we increase our overall ticket value at the store level? So once 
we are able to achieve that, I think we'll be able to scale up our exclusive brand outlets. 
Anik Mitra: 
Absolutely. I understood, sir. Sir, my another one question is like what is the ratio of your 
premium, semi-premium and mass products in terms of revenue value? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So in terms of revenue, our economy range is contributing around 42% of our sales. Mid-
premium is 48% and premium is 8%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Anik Mitra: 
Premium is 8%? 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes, 8% of our total sales that is the premium sub-brands that we have. But if you talk about 
premium in terms of EBITDA contribution, there it's almost 24% to 25% of our sales. 
Anik Mitra: 
Premium. Okay. So sir, the Force NXT itself contributes around 4.2% as of Q1 FY '26. So 
overall, it is you are saying 8%, okay. I got it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pulavarthi Sai Kiran from Pulavarthi Advisors. 
Pulavarthi Sai Kiran: 
Sir, just continuing on one conversation on the advertisement expenses. If you look at your 
annual report last year, you have advertisement expenses of approximately INR100 crores and 
you also have commission and brokerage of around INR30.5 crores and you have got sales 
promotion expenses are around INR14 crores and you have got other selling and distribution 
expenses of INR35 crores.  
Sir, how do you classify among these four? And if I compare with your peer group, all this 
combined together, you have got a very high proportionate percentage of sales. How do you 
think about it? And also going forward, how do you evaluate the effectiveness of this 
expenditure? 
Ajay Patodia: 
Yes. With respect to advertisement expenses, means that we classify all the ATL and BTL 
activity, like electronic media and like in-store branding. But with regard to commission, if the 
commission is paid on sales and on purchase also. So when we procure yarn, then there is a 
commission. When we sell our product, then we have the system of the delivery agent. So we 
have to pay the commission from 1.5% to 1.75% of our sales.  
With regard to sales promotion expenses, they are the expenses which are -- we organize 
conference for our dealers and distributors time to time and promote and selling expenses is 
related to the TA&DA part of the sales person. We have a team of around 650 persons for 
salesman team, and the selling expenses related to the traveling and DA part of the sales. 
Pulavarthi Sai Kiran: 
Got it, sir. So how do you measure the -- go ahead, sir. 
Ajay Patodia: 
Yes. All the 4 are different head and different nature. 
Pulavarthi Sai Kiran: 
Understood, sir. How do you measure the effectiveness of your advertising expenditure, sir? 
Ajay Patodia: 
Pardon... 
Pulavarthi Sai Kiran: 
I mean to say that you look at INR100 crores in terms of the advertisement expenditure, right? 
As a percentage of sales, it is almost like one of the highest in the industry, almost like 6% to 
7% is what you have. How do you measure the effectiveness of the advertisement expenditure 
which you have? 
Ajay Patodia: 
Yes. If you see our balance sheet from last 5 years, then you see that our advertisement expenses 
is capped within INR100 crores because according to us, INR100 crores is the handsome amount 
for the brand to promote. And currently, this year, our target is around INR80 crores to INR85 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 13 of 15 
 
crores. So we have the target of growth of 11% to 12%, then it comes to around 4% to 5% of the 
total revenue for this year. 
Pulavarthi Sai Kiran: 
And one last question, sir, in terms of Project Lakshya. When you look at -- I understand that 
you measure your effectiveness of the Project Lakshya, but have you ever worked with the 
distributors? What kind of benefits the distributors got and how that benefits are improving? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So there are majorly three to four benefits that the distributors are having. One is that we don't 
push our products to the distributors. So the distributors' inventory is optimized at a level of 30 
to 45 days. Secondly is we have fixed their margin, and we have fixed the retail price also at 
which the distributor would be billing to the retailer, and it has been guided by our distributor 
management system.  
The third is the ROI. So the ROI that we have guaranteed our distributor, if they follow all our 
SOPs is somewhere between 18% to 20%. And the distributors who have been working hard in 
the market and following all the SOPs, we have seen that distributors are earning around 20% 
to 25%, 28% also ROI. So these are the benefits that the distributor gets. And in turn, we get all 
the data at which pin code, which retailer is getting billed and at what frequency, what is the 
kind of range selling that we are doing in the market?  
And the sales representative that we give to the distributor. Earlier, our sales representative was 
limited. But now we ensure that from company side, there's a minimum of 15 days of working 
happening at a distributor point that the distributor handles his area. Plus we have given telecaller 
support to the distributors. So our telecallers also take orders from the retailers on a weekly basis. 
So these are the benefits that the distributor get while they are dealing with us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand the competitive intensity in the industry, given that 19% growth 
that you have done during the quarter, is there any base effect or easing of competitive intensity? 
Or how should we read this number? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So Prerna, the competition is still intense in the market, although it's not as intense as it was in 
Q4, but the intensity is still there. And 19.5% kind of a growth that we have done is the hard 
work of our sales team and the distributor and the trade channel. And plus the model -- the 
support that we got from the e-commerce, quick commerce and the modern retail, we have seen 
82% kind of a growth in our modern trade sales. So e-commerce has also helped us a lot in 
increasing our overall sales. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Just a follow-up. Will that be meaningful to our overall numbers when we look at the 12% 
volume growth for -- how much would be the e-comm contribution in that? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So overall, e-comm contribution to our total sales -- the modern trade contribution to our total 
sales is 12% for this quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And do you see this kind of performance continuing over the next few quarters given the 
support of modern trade and quick commerce continuing. So we will be able to achieve 15% 
plus growth for the next of the quarters coming ahead? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So Prerna, we are very optimistic about the numbers and everything. But as told earlier that our 
guideline will still be at 11% to 12% on a yearly basis, so which would be majorly guided 
through volume growth and not value. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And sir, I was not there on the call earlier. So I would have missed this, but the distribution 
of Lakshya has not improved in the quarter. How do we see this project moving ahead? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So it is slow paced right now. It's a conscious call that we have taken, taking into account the 
overall competition behavior also in the market. And that's why it's a bit slow paced. And it's a 
strategic decision that we have taken right now, but we are very optimistic about the project and 
seeing the results coming in from the matured state as well in the first quarter. So it really 
motivates us that we'll move ahead with this particular project. And sooner or later, we'll be able 
to complete the project pan-India basis. But yes, for the time being, we have slow paced this 
particular project. 
 
But at the same time, yes, we are very optimistic. So we'll be completing the states that we have 
started. Our ongoing WIP is Jharkhand, Bihar, some parts of Himachal that we have. So these 
are some of the states that we need to complete. Maharashtra, it's an ongoing project for us right 
now. So still more than half of Maharashtra is still left. So we'll be completing this. And we'll 
not be including any new states as of now because this particular project disrupts the area for a 
time being, and we're not in a mood to shed the market share that we have or the shelf space. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. So sir, any improvement in working capital cycle or type of products that you are 
seeing in Lakshya that you were targeting to achieve? Could you highlight some of the benefits 
that are starting to accrue in the Lakshya network? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So in Lakshya network, our debtor days are much better than the non-Lakshya distributors. So 
our debtor days are better. We are able -- the sales are much more organized, and we can actually 
track the secondary data also on a daily basis, distributor-wise. So we actually know where we 
are lacking and we get real-time market feedback also, market data also like which product is 
doing well, which is not doing well, where we have to put in more focus, which brand to focus 
more on? And what is the kind of visibility we are getting or traction we are getting in the market 
with respect to the competitors? So all those data that we are getting is very valuable. Overall, 
yes, the distributors' ROI has increased. So they are also more focused about the project, and 
they are working really hard in the market. And yes, that's it. And the debtor days that has 
reduced, which I told you. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And what will be the difference, sir, in the debtor days of Lakshya and non-Lakshya? 
Ankit Gupta: 
It would be to the tune of 30 to 35 days. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dollar Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And the last question is on Dollar Women. In one of the slides, you've mentioned the 
brand-wise contribution of Dollar Women at 8% and gender-wise contribution of 13%. So just 
wanted to understand where is the rest of 5% actually included in the number? 
Ankit Gupta: 
So it's in Dollar Always. So like Dollar Always is the consolidation of our -- all the economy 
range of products. So it's a mix of men's, women's and kids actually. It has always operated in a 
similar manner. So that's why. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for the closing comments. 
Ankit Gupta: 
I would like to thank you all for taking the time out to join the earnings call. Have a nice day. 
Thank you. 
Ajay Patodia: 
Thank you. 
Gaurav Gupta: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
