  
 
                                                                                             
August 19, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code : 507205
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 051. 
Symbol : TI
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held for Q1 FY26 
results 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated August 06, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts and 
investors held on Tuesday, August 12, 2025 to discuss the Q1 FY26 results.  
 
The same is available on the website of the Company at www.tilind.com.  
 
Kindly take the above on record and acknowledge receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Tilaknagar Industries Ltd. 
 
 
 
Minuzeer Bamboat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
MINUZEER 
YAZDI 
BAMBOAT
Digitally signed 
by MINUZEER 
YAZDI BAMBOAT 
Date: 2025.08.19 
14:55:00 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tilaknagar Industries Conference 
Call. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on Tilaknagar 
Industries Limited's Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. We are joined today by 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Amit Dahanukar, President, Strategy & 
Corporate Development, Mr. Ameya Deshpande and Chief Financial Officer of the 
company, Mr. Abhinav Gupta. 
We shall commence with views from Mr. Dahanukar on the strategic performance 
and financial highlights followed by the brief commentary from Mr. Deshpande on 
the acquisition of Imperial Blue business division. This shall be followed by an 
interactive question and answer session. Before we commence, I would like to state 
that some of the statements made on today's call could be forward looking in nature 
and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results presentation that was 
shared with you earlier and which is also available on the stock exchange website.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Dahanukar to make his opening remarks. Over to you. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Good morning, everyone. Happy to have you all join us on this earnings call to 
discuss the Q1 FY26 results. I will first provide a brief update on the current quarter's 
performance which will be followed by Ameya taking you through the recently 
announced acquisition of Imperial Blue.  
After a challenging yet rewarding year, I am pleased to share that we have sustained 
a strong industry-leading growth trajectory supported by consistent and progressive 
changes in excise policies in some of our key states. During Q1, our volume 
performance was strong with growth at 26.5% YoY. Our NSR increased from . 1,182 
per case in Q4 FY25 to Rs. 1,193 per case this quarter. The southern region has 
seen strong growth momentum in Q1 with market share improvement for TI in each 
of the key markets. We continue to be the 3rd largest IMFL P&A player in Telangana 
and Karnataka, both states where Whisky contributes more than 80% of IMFL 
consumption. Karnataka continues to see strong growth momentum in the P&A 
segment for the entire industry on the back of excise duty reduction during the middle 
of previous fiscal.  

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
On the portfolio front, our luxury and super-premium portfolio is showing promising 
signs. Monarch Legacy Edition Brandy, our first luxury foray, is now available in 
Maharashtra, Goa, and Puducherry. Q1 has also seen the commencement of our 
distribution of Samsara brands on the back of our usership agreement with 
Spaceman Spirits Lab, our investee company. Spaceman's premium portfolio, 
featuring Samsara Gin, Sitara Rum and Amara Vodka, is well positioned to be a key 
growth driver with our super-premium segment. 
As part of our strategy, we will leverage our extensive and efficient distribution 
network to scale the reach of Spaceman Brands across select Indian states and 
international markets, unlocking significant value over the coming quarters. In terms 
of our strategic investment into Spaceman, you would have also seen the disclosure 
last week wherein we have announced our investment of more than Rs. 10 crore in 
Spaceman, taking our shareholding to 21.36% from 12.98%. This investment was a 
part of the previously announced investment round in September 2024, along with 
an additional secondary acquisition which we have made from some of the early 
shareholders. Our agreement with Spaceman gives us the option to further invest or 
acquire additional stake from shareholders at a pre-determined valuation, subject to 
Spaceman attaining pre-agreed milestones.  
Our mass prestige portfolio, led by Mansion House and Courier Napoleon, continues 
to deliver strong performance. We remain committed to ensuring that Brandy's share 
of voice reflects its leadership in market share. As mentioned previously, we are 
stepping up our A&SP investments, which are already beginning to shift consumer 
perception positively. In line with this strategy, we have recently collaborated with 
one of South India's biggest superstars for Mansion House Packaged Drinking 
Water, showcasing its scale, strength, and sincerity. With continued focus on 
marketing and innovation, we are confident in positioning Brandy as a more 
aspirational and inclusive category. While Brandy continues to be our dominant 
category in the current portfolio, we have also made an entry into the semi-premium 
Whisky segment in the recent past with the relaunch of Mansion House Whisky in a 
new avatar. In addition to initially launching Mansion House Whisky in some 
northeastern states, we are now available in Telangana and some east India states 
like Odisha and West Bengal.  
On the legal front, with respect to the trademark litigation, it gives me great pleasure 
to reiterate that the Honourable Bombay High Court has upheld TI's ownership of 
Mansion House and Savoy Club trademarks, ensuring continued, uninterrupted, and 
exclusive sale under these brands.  
Before I hand over to Ameya to take you all through the Imperial Blue acquisition, I 
will briefly talk about our financial performance: 
We saw a strong 31% YoY growth in net revenues, adjusted for the subsidy income 
of Rs. 38.6 crore, the growth was still robust at 20.5%. EBITDA in Q1 stood at Rs. 
94 crore. Adjusted for subsidy income, this stood at RS. 56 crore, a YoY growth of 
25%. EBITDA margin stood at 15.1%, an expansion of 55 basis points compared to 
last year, despite higher than usual legal costs on account of the trademark litigation 
which was at its peak during this period. On the input side, ENA and Glass prices 
have remained stable and we are hopeful of a continued conducive input cost 
environment. Our focus drive on cash flow management continues and we now stand 
at a net cash level of Rs. 163 crore, showcasing our balance sheet strength. 
I would also like to provide an update on the recent announcement we have made 
regarding our wholly owned subsidiary Prag Distillery, while we recently received 
extension of the validity of the Letter of Intent for expansion of our bottling capacity 
from the Government of Andhra Pradesh, we have now received approval from our 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
Board of Directors to go ahead with the expansion for an investment of around Rs. 
59 crore. This investment includes the Rs. 34 crore on account of the license fees 
and interest to be paid to the Government. Post this expansion, Prag capacities 
would have increased to around 36 lakh cases per annum and increased from 
around 6 lakh cases per annum as of today. 
I will now handover to Ameya to take you through some of the salient points around 
our recently announced acquisition of Imperial Blue. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Thank you and a very warm welcome to everyone joining us today. 
As you would be aware, we have on the 23rd of July, 2025 executed definitive 
agreements with Pernod Ricard India to acquire the Imperial Blue business division 
on a slump sale basis for a lump-sum consideration basis enterprise value of 
approximately EUR 413 million. This amount includes a normalized working capital 
of approximately EUR 70 million and a deferred consideration of EUR 28 million 
payable at the end of 4 years, i.e. in FY 2030. The consideration payable to Pernod 
would be subject to certain closing adjustments and the deal is subject to regulatory 
approvals.  
IB is the 3rd largest Whisky brand in India by volume with 25+ years of brand heritage. 
It sold more than 22 million cases across 27 states and union territories along with a 
strong international footprint. The acquisition of IB is a significant strategic step for 
Tilaknagar Industries as it will not only broaden the product and geographical 
footprint but also serve as a launch pad for TI's premium portfolio foray. 
On the financials front, IB clocked a net revenue in excess of Rs. 3,000 crore for the 
trailing 12 months ending March 2025. We foresee a good number of operational 
synergies to play out post the acquisition which will enable us to increase EBITDA 
margins in the IB business division as well as at a combined level. As a part of the 
transaction, TI will be getting 16 manufacturing units of which 2 units will be owned. 
Further, TI will enter into a TSMA with Pernod whereby the seller has agreed to help 
in smooth transitioning of the business post-closing. We will also be entering into a 
long-term supply agreement with Chivas Brothers for the Concentrated Alcoholic 
Beverage (CAB), an essential raw material for manufacturing the IB products. 
In terms of financing the acquisition, we are looking at an optimal mix of equity and 
debt. We have already announced the board approval for a preferential issue of 
almost Rs. 2,300 crore. The balance will be funded through debt and further expect 
to reduce debt over time such that the Net Debt to EBITDA falls below 1.0x by FY29. 
Since the deal has not yet closed and remains subject to confidentiality obligations, 
we are unable to share additional details currently and hence we kindly request that 
participants refrain from asking any further questions related to this matter. 
With that, I would now request the operator to open the call for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will start with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Wealth. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Firstly, congrats on very good growth. I wanted to understand on the demand side, 
you have done quite well, highest ever Q1 volumes in the last 9-10 years. But when 
we see a lot of other discretionary segments, there is a challenge and now, we have 
seen job addition in the IT sector going slow. TCS, for example, 12,000 job losses 
have happened and across the IT sector, there is a challenge and South India clearly 
is the hub of IT sector jobs. So, from an outlook perspective, would you be slightly 
concerned on your current business and the market share gains, if you could talk 
about it, what has really led to this kind of performance? Near term, I think you will 

 
Page 4 of 12 
 
continue to do well. If you could talk about what are the key drivers for the market 
share gains. Thanks. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Abneesh, I think, we are not seeing any let up in demand, I think, as you would have 
seen from the Q1 volume numbers, growth in excess of 20%, quite robust uptake 
over there and we are not seeing any visible slowdown in any of the southern states 
as of now. And I would like Ameya to address in terms of market share gains, 
perhaps he will add more insights state-wise.  
Ameya Deshpande: 
Abneesh, in terms of market share gains, we have seen significant market share 
gains across all key states, whether it is a state like Karnataka, which saw an excise 
duty reduction in the second half of last financial year. We have literally seen market 
shares over there grow significantly. That's predominantly on account of good growth 
that the Prestige and Above segment has seen in the industry. And we have kind of 
told those kind of growth as such. Just talking especially about Karnataka, we today 
are more than 2% of the overall IMFL market and when it comes to P&A IMFL, we 
are almost one-fourth of the entire market. So, that is the kind of growth that we have 
seen in market share. Now, similar, let's take, for instance Telangana; Telangana, 
we have seen more than 50 basis points of YoY kind of growth in market share. All 
of which are on the back of a very strong consumer franchise from a brand 
perspective. Obviously, we are investing more, even in terms of A&SP and so on 
and so forth. Good amount of growth coming from there as well, as well as the newer 
brands that we are launching. Mansion House Whisky is doing fairly well in the 
Northeast. It's a combination of multiple things in terms of a market share growth.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Last question, in Maharashtra, what kind of presence you have and post the very 
sharp tax hike, if you could speak on the industry and for you, how do you see next 
2-3 quarters? Thanks. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Maharashtra recently they have come out with an MML policy-  Maharashtra Made 
Liquor which would be available for distilleries and bottling unitsin Maharashtra. We 
are still examining because the circular has come out very recently. We are 
examining the eligibility criterion, but that could perhaps be an interesting segment 
for us to operate in provided, of course, we are eligible. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
And in terms of our presence in the state, as it stands with the current portfolio, we 
are extremely small in Maharashtra, it's low single digit saliency for us as a part of 
our overall portfolio. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So, that part of the business, do you see any challenge and you also mentioned 
whether you will be eligible for MML. This will be decided essentially by the 
government, are the rules clear? Does that make it possible for you to understand 
whether you are eligible or not or it's completely government discretion? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Right now, we have not examined the circular in detail. I would refrain from making 
any comment regarding our eligibility. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And what kind of impact do you think on the Maharashtra business? I know it's small, 
but still, if you could talk about ex of the MML, because that's not in your hand. Once 
the eligibility comes, then it will be clear. Ex of that, do you see double digit decline, 
volume decline for your part of the business? You are small, but still the challenge is 
there, right? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes, but we haven't really examined the impact of the revised duty structures, from 
that perspective, really not in a position to answer this question. And in any case, 
like you mentioned yourself, it's not needle moving, really. 

 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
But your prices would have changed. I am just asking whether your prices have been 
passed on because of the taxes that would have been done, right? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. Basically, there will be an impact on business on account of price increase. But 
nothing significant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Naitik Mutha from NV Alpha Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Naitik Mutha: 
Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to know, first, if I adjust for the subsidy 
income during the quarter and I do that same for the last year's Q1, I see there's a 
drop in gross margin. Is my understanding correct one? And if yes, then what effect 
to this drop in gross margin if I adjust for the subsidy income? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
You are comparing which quarter to which? 
Naitik Mutha: 
YoY, so, Q1 FY25 to Q1 FY26. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
This is on account of a reduction in the NSR in Andhra that we have seen. This is on 
account of that. 
Naitik Mutha: 
This will continue, the current gross margin if I adjust for the subsidy, that rate will 
continue for the coming quarters because the prices have corrected?  
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes, you can use this as the base for any incremental uptick in margins going 
forward. 
Naitik Mutha: 
Got it. Sir, the second question is, how much of the subsidy that we are getting from 
Maharashtra Government is still sort of remaining? If you could mention about that. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
As we have mentioned earlier as well, this is not something that we can respond to. 
Yes, there is some additional subsidy that is expected, but frankly not in a position 
to quantify anything. 
Naitik Mutha: 
Got it. And we book it as we receive it, this is the cash that we receive and then we 
book it in our P&L? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Yes, that is correct. 
Naitik Mutha: 
Got it. So, my next question is, in terms of the Northeast, if you could give me the 
market size and the potential that we can realize from there, from the Whisky that 
we have launched recently? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
As it stands, our East and Northeast saliency as a total percentage of overall volumes 
is in the early to mid-single-digit range. Obviously, with Mansion House growing in 
these states, we do expect to increase the saliency for this region as such. Now, if 
you go to see Mansion House Whisky, purely in a couple of states from East and 
Northeast, the segment itself is a decent 6 million case market. There is a big play 
over there at that price point within Whisky. But in terms of where we get to by the 
end of it, that we will see over time. But yes, we do see East and Northeast playing 
an important role for us with our own portfolio as well as with the impending 
acquisition of IB.  
Naitik Mutha: 
Right. And what would be our share currently out of the 6 million market roughly? 

 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Ameya Deshpande: 
It will be in low single digits as of now. 
Naitik Mutha: 
And my last question is, just wanted one clarification on the acquisition. Rs. 3,000 
crore revenue you mentioned, that is net of excise duty or it includes excise duty? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No, it's net of excise duty.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity and congratulations. Just one 
question, on the integration you did mention that 6 months’ timeline is required for in 
Imperial Blue integration. What are the things at what stage we are if you can just 
give some sense?  
Ameya Deshpande: 
See, the thing is that because we are still awaiting closure of the transaction, there 
is little information that we can provide on this front, except for the fact that there is 
a Transition Services Agreement, which also includes manufacturing within this 
whereby the seller would assist us in undertaking business as usual till the time all 
registrations and everything come into our hands. Along with that, there are certain 
other things which form a part of the slump sale where we are getting certain 
resources from them. But again, reiterating the same fact that because of 
confidentiality restrictions, not in a position to respond to those either, with regards 
to business as usual from a liquid perspective, we do have a long-term supply 
arrangement with Chivas Brothers for procuring the CAB, which is an important 
ingredient of Imperial Blue. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I got that what you are saying. You mentioned that it's 6 months’ timeline. Are you 
optimistic or are you pessimistic or do you really think in 6 months everything will get 
in your hand? That's the only question I have. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
 I think as we move along, we will know. But yes, you can consider that 6 months is 
the integration time that we are looking at. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Suvaan Mittal from MFC. Please go 
ahead. 
Suvaan Mittal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have only two questions lined up. On a QoQ basis, 
from Q4 to Q1, our EBITDA margin has decreased adjusted subsidy from 16.6% to 
15%. Even though our gross margins have increased on a QoQ basis, like by 49 to 
51. If you give some color, why the increase in gross margin is not translated to 
EBITDA? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Firstly, let me just clarify the gross margin has come down from 47.1% to 46.9%. 
Even in the gross margin you need to adjust the subsidy income, so that's the first 
thing. Secondly, with respect to why the reduction in EBITDA margin from 16.6% to 
15.1%, as you would know that there have been higher legal costs that we had to 
undergo in this quarter. As well as A&SP reinvestment rates were slightly more than 
what they were in the previous quarter and add to that the fact that a little bit of 
operating leverage came into play. That's the reason why you're looking at a slightly 
lower EBITDA margin.  
Suvaan Mittal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. My second question being, when should the capacity increase 
in the Prag Distillery be expected to be completed and will it somewhere benefit us 
in our logistics costs? Because our major business is in Andhra and we have an 
increasing capacity of a sizable amount over there. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Prag, we are confident that within 12 months, we will be operating at the expanded 
capacities. 
Suvaan Mittal: 
And any benefit you foresee on the logistics costs? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No, this will be more in the bottling charges itself, that there will be benefits that come 
through. We are not quantifying the benefits. We have done the workings at our end, 
but we are not disclosing the workings. But these are significant benefits that we get 
on account of using our own hold-your-own subsidiary or our own unit as a bottling 
unit. 
Moderator: 
We will move to our next participant. Next question is from Rishabh Gang from 
Sacheti Family. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Gang: 
I just wanted to understand what are the possibilities for expansion in the EBITDA 
margin for the existing business and what can be the drivers for the same? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
See, as we keep premiumizing, obviously that will have an impact on EBITDA 
margins. Along with that, there are certain cost optimization initiatives that we are 
undertaking. Something that we have been speaking about over the past 3 quarters. 
These are yet to be fully baked in. It's happening and will continue to happen over 
the next couple of quarters. There will be certain level of savings or other margin 
expansion that you will see on that account as well. As we keep launching the newer 
brands, more premium brands across categories, you will see a little bit of an impact 
upfront from an A&SP reinvestment rate perspective as well. But from a long-term 
perspective, we do look at margins to hit our guided margins of around 16% to 17% 
or even beyond. 
Rishabh Gang: 
And what optimization that you mentioned? If you can just give some more flavor on 
in which line item this optimization will happen. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
This will be predominantly in the COGS. These relate to the packing material 
optimizations that we are undertaking, including on the logistic side of it. 
Rishabh Gang: 
And whenever the legal costs decline, that will also help in the EBITDA margin, 
correct? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes, that's right.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anjali Bajaj from Naredi Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Anjali Bajaj: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. My question is regarding to how will you 
raise the money for Imperial Blue, either internal accruals or through debt? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
There is already a disclosure that we have made with respect to the equity fund raise. 
The board has approved a preferential issue to the tune of almost Rs. 2,300 crore. It 
goes into shareholders' approval shortly. And fairly soon, we will have the funds 
raised through equity. Along with that, we are also raising debt for the balance 
portion. It's an optimal mix that we are using when it comes to funding this transaction 
of nearly 1:1. 
Anjali Bajaj: 
And my second question is what is the subsidy policy from government? Company 
will receive further quarter also? will you give me detailed reply on the subsidy 
matter? 

 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No, I think we have responded to the question already. There is nothing further that 
we can add to that in terms of a response related to this. Essentially, all that we can 
say is that the subsidy relates to the industrial promotion subsidy that has been 
provided by the government of Maharashtra under the package scheme of incentives 
2007. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
And we are accounting for subsidy as it is received. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aaditya Singh from Multi-Bagger. Please 
go ahead. 
Aaditya Singh: 
First of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers. I had only one question. And 
the question was regarding the tax incident. When can we see the tax incident 
coming back? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Our appeal with additional income tax is still under discussion. We don't have any 
update on that. For prudent purpose, we suggest that from 1st July, you may assume 
full incident of tax And as and when we have an update from CITF, we will get back. 
Aaditya Singh: 
And if I can just ask another question. If the tax incident comes back, how can we 
still manage to be one of the biggest players in the IMFL or AlcoBev industry? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
I think when it comes to our own cash flow generations, these are extremely strong 
irrespective. We are a growing business. We run the business in an asset like model. 
I think from an ongoing perspective, there is no concern on growth just because tax 
incident comes up upon. That's par for the course. That's the way business works. 
We are not concerned about that aspect. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Arpit Shah from Stallion Asset. Please go 
ahead. 
Arpit Shah: 
Congratulations on a landmark acquisition you guys have completed. It's quite a leap 
in terms of where we were almost 7-8 years back from a debt-ridden balance sheet 
to a debt-free balance sheet and now going again to a very large acquisition. I just 
wanted to understand once we have gone at a price of Rs. 4,100 – Rs. 4,200 crore 
for the acquisition, what was our valuation metrics or what was our guiding principle 
in coming to this number and how should we look for a payback for this number going 
ahead? If you can allude qualitatively or quantitatively, how should we look at it? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
I think just to answer your question on the valuation metrics, obviously as a part of 
the entire valuation process, we did look at multiple valuation methods right from 
DCF to Trading Multiples, preceding transaction multiples, so on and so forth. But 
having said that, we won't be unfortunately be able to get into details in terms of how 
did we arrive at the numbers that we did. Given the scale of the business and given 
how much this adds to our own existing business in terms of even synergies and 
providing us a presence pan-India and across categories, we felt that the value that 
was paid was the right value.  
Arpit Shah: 
Would it be fair to say that the margins that this portfolio has would be closer to what 
we make on the brandy side or it will be low double-digit or high single-digit margins? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
While we can't specifically comment on margin profile, I think the management and 
the board both believe that I think we have paid a fair price for the asset and we are 
going ahead with the funding also in a prudent way. And the company feels that the 
potential acquisition is very transformative in nature and really can reshape the 

 
Page 9 of 12 
 
identity of a company from a regional brandy player to a national player with 
presence in 2 of the largest categories in IMFL. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
And if I am to give any comfort with regards to the financials and stuff, one thing is 
very clear that this is a Cash-EPS accretive transaction for us without getting into 
numbers, obviously that's something that we will get into post-closing but needless 
to say, this is a Cash-EPS accretive transaction for us.  
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. If you can just comment qualitatively, what are the kind of synergies we have 
between the brandy and the Whisky portfolio and how should we look at it in terms 
of synergies going ahead in terms of qualitatively, in terms of distribution, raw 
materials or anything of that sort? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
See, IB is a pan-India player with a pretty strong distribution and presence in 
Southern India. That's a known fact and that is something that I think has tremendous 
synergistic benefits for us as well. So that is one piece of it. The second piece of it is 
that obviously from a team perspective or rather from an organization set-up 
perspective we are present in many of the states that IB sells in today. These are the 
kind of synergy benefits that we get in terms of margin kickers from where the IB 
financials would be right now. 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. And in terms of volume growth for the last couple of years it has been almost 
flattish because the focus was not there for them to scale up this brand. How should 
you look in terms of volume growth going ahead at least for this brand? Are there 
low-hanging fruits where we can scale up the volumes really fast? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
See, I think as part of the Amaya's opening remarks we have shared a few details 
with regard to the transaction. I am afraid at this stage since we are between signing 
and closing, we can't comment or share further details at this stage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Daksh Malhotra from Aadriv Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Daksh Malhotra: 
Thank you for the opportunity. And once again congratulations on the acquisition of 
Imperial Blue, quite a landmark deal. I had a couple of questions. First, in just 
continuation to the previous one, I understand that while we are closing, we can't 
disclose the existing margins. But can you sort of give some guidance and given that 
we know the revenue is ballpark Rs. 3,000 – Rs. 3,200 crore for Imperial Blue what 
can be the consolidated margin once the transaction is done probably for FY26 or 
FY27? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Sincerely, we are very sorry but we are not guiding towards the combined business 
as it stands today. We will be more than happy to answer any questions once the 
closing happens. 
Daksh Malhotra: 
Okay, fair enough. Also, for the transaction we have done an equity fundraise but 
the discount to the existing price was quite substantial. Usually the trend is probably 
10%-12%-15% from the CMP that to sort of fundraise. Can you just sort of elaborate 
on the reasons behind giving such a heavy discount to the floor price? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
I think it wasn't a discount to the floor price if anything it was at the floor price and 
the pricing for the pref-issue was purely determined by the SEBI minimum pricing 
that works for preferential issues which was essentially 10 trading days or 90 trading 
days VWAP whichever is higher, and we went by that pricing. Frankly, it just so 
happened that it was at a significant discount but that was the pricing method.  

 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Nishita from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nishita: 
I just wanted to know what revenue guidance and margin guidance you are giving 
for FY26 and FY27? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
In terms of the revenue guidance, you are looking at mid to high teen kind of revenue 
growth for FY26 followed by around mid-teen kind of growth for FY27. With respect 
to margins, the margin guidance that we are providing towards is around 15%-16.5% 
for FY26 and for FY27 onwards you can look at 15.5%-17.5%.  
Nishita: 
And this is without taking into consideration the effect of the acquisition. Once you 
can give us the number, the margin guidance can change? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. This is steady state business, pre-acquisition. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Pranav Malhotra from Starship India. Please 
go ahead. 
Pranav Malhotra: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My question was pertaining to the NSR. 
What NSR do we expect for the year considering like it's come to Rs. 1205 this time? 
As like you have product launches in H2, could you also throw some light on that? 
Like the new product launches that you have and if your NSR will improve going 
forward? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
So, you are looking at the NSRs per case to increase from the current stage which 
is around Rs. 1,193 per case. Right now, that the base has been set from a pricing 
perspective including the AP impact you can consider an increase on the per case 
NSRs as such. The range would be anywhere between 1%-2% growth in NSR per 
case on a yearly basis on existing business. 
Pranav Malhotra: 
Right, so around Rs. 1,190 – Rs. 1,200? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. 
Pranav Malhotra: 
My next question was regarding the revenue contribution of your royalty brand. Like, 
could you please share that number? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No, that's not a segregation that we provide currently. Having said that, it's a fairly 
small part of our revenues, very small. 
Pranav Malhotra: 
Right. But the growth expected there is really high. Considering that you have 
increased the stakes from Rs. 13 crore to Rs. 20 crore the revenue growth there can 
be really high, right? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. These are high NSR products. There is tremendous potential in that business 
in the entire Spaceman portfolio. So, that's fair to say that there is good growth 
potential over there but having said that we are not guiding for Spaceman portfolio 
currently. 
Pranav Malhotra: 
And regarding the volume you have achieved 32 lakhs in this quarter, I believe. So, 
will this be the new base for this year? The run rate will be above 32 lakhs per 
quarter?  
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes, that's right.  

 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Pranav Malhotra: 
Is it possible to give a yearly number like for the year how many cases is the 
management expecting to sell?  
Ameya Deshpande: 
Like I mentioned in my earlier guidance statement as well, we are looking at high 
teen growth for this year. 
Pranav Malhotra: 
So, like 13.5 to 14 million cases this year? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. Closer to 14. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from line of Heer Gogri from Choice Institutional Equities. Please, 
go ahead. 
Heer Gogri: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. I wanted to understand, Imperial Blue 
business is it going to attract 50% excise duty or is it lower or any higher? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
It would be kind of similar to our existing business. 
Heer Gogri: 
Okay, got it. And the second question would be going forward; how do we look at the 
portfolio diversification? Currently, we were standing at 90% brandy heavy portfolio. 
And I think last quarter, you did mention we were looking at 80 to 20 diversification 
or 80 considering brandy. But now I think it is going to change with Whisky coming 
in and Imperial Blue Whisky, of course. What is the diversification going forward? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
As you would see on slide #16 of the earnings presentation you will see that we have 
given a segregation of how the pro forma portfolio would look like. Essentially you 
are looking at two-thirds of the business being Whisky in steady state, current state 
business. Brandy having a more than 30% saliency on top of that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Amit Vora from Ginar Consultants. Please, go 
ahead. 
Amit Vora: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Just two 
questions. You have mentioned that there were high legal charges. If you can 
quantify that for the quarter. I am sorry if I missed that if you have answered it. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No, I don't think we will quantify that but there was a 100 basis points increase on a 
YoY basis. Let me just leave it at that. 
Amit Vora: 
Okay, just to understand because this is a one-off. That was the whole point to 
understand that. That's helpful. Second thing I understand you have mentioned that 
you don't want to give more details on the IB acquisition. Just something which is 
related to FY25 is on the margins. If you can just give a number on the EBITDA 
margins that IB has currently. Will it be possible?  
Ameya Deshpande: 
No. I would if I could but I can't. Sorry. We will not be able to disclose the EBITDA 
number for the moment. 
Amit Vora: 
Okay, just one thing. If you can just tell that it's profitable at both PAT and EBITDA 
level. Is that a fair assessment? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
It's a carve-out so there is no concept of PAT over here but yes, it is profitable at 
EBITDA level. 

 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Amit Vora: 
Perfect. We will wait for further details on once the acquisition is complete. All the 
best. Thank you.  
Ameya Deshpande: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Thank you all for joining today's call and for your continued interest in our progress. 
As we look ahead, we are incredibly excited about the opportunities that lie before 
us in the coming quarters and years. While we fully recognize that the path ahead 
will present challenges, we are confident that we have identified the critical areas 
both short-term and long-term that will drive our success. We are equally excited to 
have you with us on this journey as we work to establish ourselves as one of India's 
leading pan-India IMFL players spanning multiple categories and premium price 
points. Thank you once again for your time and support. We look forward to 
reconnecting with you soon. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The document has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to maintain a high level of accuracy.  
 
