71474141414-11 	
s 
041-1-6k.uchuw 34;b4-1) 
THE NEW INDIA ASSURANCE COMPANY LTD. 
(Govt. of India Undertaking) 
1:111T9'VETT7ct I lklt :
7r7-Wqr7741r,sik-g+i, 87, 	
QJ, 	
- 400 001. 
Regd. & Head Office : New India Assurance Bldg., 87, M.G. Road, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001. 
CIN No. L66000MH1919G01000526 
Phone : 022 2270 8100 
022 2270 8400 
Website : www.newindia.co.in  
Ref. No.: NIACL/CMD_BoardSectt/2025-26 	
05th August, 2025 
To, 
The Manager 	
The Manager 
Listing Department 	
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 	
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower 	
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot C/1, 
Dalai Street 	
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001 	
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: (BSE - 540769/NSE - NIACL) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 30th July, 2025 
With reference to our letter dated July 24, 2025, intimating you about the conference call with 
Analysts/Investors held on July 30, 2025. 
Please find attached the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully 
For The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Abhishek Pagaria 
Company Secretary 
ABHISHEK 
PAGARIA
Digitally signed by 
ABHISHEK PAGARIA 
Date: 2025.08.05 
15:03:45 +05'30'

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
Rufkm Itvq).0-ti ...14-41 	
s 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
The New India Assurance Company Ltd 
Q1FY26 Earnings Con-call 
30th July, 2025 
Management: 
1. Mrs. Girija Subramanian — Chairman cum Managing Director 
2. Mrs. Smita Srivastava — Executive Director 
3. Mrs. Kasturi Sengupta — Executive Director, 
4. General Managers and Chief Financial Officer 
5. other esteemed management members 
Abbreviations: 
GWP: Gross Written Premium 
ICR: Incurred Claim Ratio 
ROE: Return of Equity 
GDWP: Gross Direct Written Premium 
GDPI: Gross Direct Premium Income 
1 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
	
eicr4t 	
 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call 
July 30th, 2025 
Moderator: 	
Welcome to the conference of the New India Assurance Company Limited arranged by Concept 
Investor Relation to discuss its Q1 FY26 Results. 
Girija Subramanian: 
We have with us today Mrs. Girija Subramanian —Chairman cum Managing Director, Mrs. Smita 
Srivastava — Executive Director, Mrs. Kasturi Sengupta — Executive Director, General Manager 
and Chief Financial Officer, among other esteemed management members. 
At this point, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a 
question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press "*" and then 
"1" on your touch-tone telephone. Please note this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the floor over to Mrs. Girija Subramanian, Chairman cum Managing 
Director. Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Good afternoon, everyone. I am Girija Subramanian, Chairman cum Managing Director of the 
New India Assurance Company Limited. I welcome you all to discuss 01 FY'26 Financial and 
Operational Performance of the New India Assurance Company Limited. 
I am joined today by Mrs. Smita Srivastava — Executive Director, Mrs. Kasturi Sengupta —
Executive Director, General Managers, Chief Financial Officer and other Management 
members. 
At the outset, I would like to extend a warm welcome and express my sincere appreciation to 
all of you for joining us this afternoon. I would also like to thank our shareholders, investors 
and analyst community for your continued trust and confidence in New India Assurance. Your 
steadfast support is instrumental in driving our progress and strengthening our commitment 
to sustainable growth. 
Before delving into our financial and operational performance for the 1st Quarter FY'26, I will 
begin with a brief overview about our company, following that, we will open the floor for the 
question-and-answer session where my team and I will be happy to address your questions 
and provide any necessary clarifications. 
As we gather here today, New India Assurance stands at a pivotal juncture reflecting on a legacy 
of over a century of serving the nation while simultaneously charting an ambitious course for 
Page 2 of 16 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
ft 	
triti.4.411.-tr *At 	
 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
the future. Our journey has been defined by resilience, adaptability and an unwavering 
commitment to our policyholders, stakeholders and the broader Indian economy. We are a 
106-year-old insurance company conceptualized by Sir Dorabji Tata in 1919 and nationalized 
in the year 1973. We have a PAN-India presence with 1,668 offices across the country and 
presence in 25 countries. As the largest non-life insurer in India in terms of gross direct 
premium, we remain committed to delivering excellence through prudent underwriting, 
superior claims service and customer-centric innovations. In the past quarter, despite a 
dynamic and often challenging global and domestic landscape, New India Assurance has 
demonstrated robust performance reinforcing our position as a leader in the Indian general 
insurance sector. 
Our strategic initiatives, prudent underwriting practices and customer-centric approach have 
yielded commendable results, which we are eager to share with you in detail today. The general 
insurance industry stands atRs. 79,301.21 crores as of June'25, reflecting a year-on-year growth 
of 8.84% as per the General Insurance Council's data. Of this, New India Assurance has 
underwritten Rs.12,299.49 crores accounting for approximately 15.51% of the total gross direct 
premium underwritten, which represents a robust 15.27% year-on-year growth. 
Business Highlights: 
The Distribution Mix stands at direct 33.28%, agency 21.73%, BANCA 0.54%, dealer 5.65% and 
broker 38.80%. Product mix stands as follows, health and PA 50.19%, motor TP 10.61%, motor 
OD 10.65%, marine 2.51%, fire 17.04%, crop 0.94% and others at 8.06%. In Q1 FY'26, ratings 
agency - CRISIL has reaffirmed its Crystal AAA STABLE rating, which is considered to have the 
highest degree of safety for your company. 
Furthermore, AM Best has assigned the India national scale rating NSR of AAA.IN, EXCEPTIONAL 
and has affirmed a financial strength rating of B++ GOOD and a long-term issuer credit rating 
of BBB+ GOOD to New India Assurance Company Limited. The outlook of these credit ratings is 
STABLE. New India Assurance Company Limited has consistently upheld the vital balance 
between sustainable growth and robust profitability, recognizing it as fundamental to 
organizational resilience. 
Our operational ethos ensures that each underwritten policy is thoroughly risk-assessed, 
directly enhancing shareholder value. Consequently, we have made the deliberate choice to 
opt out of corporate accounts lacking revenue accretion, instant compensating with the 
strategic acquisition of premium low-risk policies. The positive outcomes of these concerted 
efforts are demonstrably evident in our 1st Quarter FY'26 performance as we feel below. 
Page 3 of 16 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
wi 	
Ps ci r 	
*a* 	
 
The New India Assurance Co. LW 
Financial performance: 
The gross direct premium income Indian business stood at Rs.12, 299.49 crores in 01 FY'26 as 
compared to Rs. 10,670.47 crores in 01 FY'25. The gross direct premium global stands at Rs. 
13,333.58 crores in 01 FY'26 as compared to Rs. 11,787.92 crores in 01 FY'25. Net premiums 
earned reported at Rs. 9,369.42 crores in 01 FY'26 as compared to Rs. 8,503 crores in 01 FY'25. 
Net worth stands at Rs. 22,279 crores in 01 FY'26 as compared to Rs. 21,343 crores in 01 FY'25. 
Net profit after tax stands at Rs.391 crores in 01 FY'26 as compared to Rs. 217 crores in 01 
FY'25. 
Now coming to the important ratios for Q1 FY'26: 
Net incurred claims ratio is at 99.76%. Commission ratio is at 8.54% of net earned premium as 
compared to 8.49% in 01 FY'25. Expense ratio is at 7.86% of net earned premium as compared 
to 11.65% in 01 FY'25. Combined ratio is 116.16% compared to 116.13% in 01 FY'25. Solvency 
ratio is 1.87% as compared to 1.83% in 01 FY'25. Return on equity ratio is at 7.17%. 
With this I come to the conclusion of my opening remarks and invite our General Manager of 
finance, Ms. Mary Abraham to provide a detailed overview of our financial performance. 
Mary Abraham: 	
Thank you, ma'am. Good afternoon and I will just quickly take you through the financial 
performance of the company for 01 FY'25-26. 
We had a gross written premium of Rs.13,333.58 crores as compared to Q1 FY'25 of Rs.11, 
787.92 which is a growth rate of 13.11% year-on-year. Our net incurred claim, ICR%, has 
increased from 95.98% to 99.76% in this quarter and mainly because of the aviation claim, the 
Air India claim that we had and also due to an increase in the health and liability claim. The 
operating expenses you will see as a percentage of the net written premium has come down 
from 11.65% to 7.86%, a significant reduction mainly driven by the negative net addition of 
employees and the combined ratio despite the increase in the ICR percentage has remained 
stable at 116.16% as compared to the previous year of 116.13%. The other income, you will 
see we have the other expenses of Rs.145.35 crores mainly due to the provision that we made 
towards the non-moving reinsurance balances and also providing for the other doubtful debts. 
This was an attempt to clean the books and as per our board approved policy. The financial 
results are that we have a profit after tax of Rs.391 crores which is an 80% increase over the 
PAT of C11 FY'24-25. 
The combined ratio where we have remained almost stable and as compared to 2024-2025 we 
have remained stable but compared to 2023-2024 we have significantly come down. The gross 
written premium The combined ratio for C11 FY'25-26 is 116.16% as compared to the combined 
ratio for the previous year which stood at 116.13%. So, we have remained stable as far as the 
combined ratio is concerned. As far as the gross written premium is concerned, as already 
Page 4 of 16 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
ft RI, 	
uvEr'n-T m*-q-4t 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
mentioned we have a total premium of Rs.13, 334 crores in Q1 FY'25-26 as compared to Rs.11, 
787 crores in 01 FY'24-25 and this was at a growth rate of 13.11%. The investment income has 
increased in 01 FY'25-26. It is Rs.2, 290 crores as compared to the investment income for the 
previous year which was Rs.1, 852 crores. The profit after tax is Rs.391 crores for 01 FY'25-26 
which is an 80% growth over the profit after tax of the previous year, which was Rs.217 crores. 
To continue with the other ratios, our solvency ratio is 1.87x for 01 FY'25-26 as compared to 
the previous year which was 1.83x which is a significant increase. Our asset under management 
stood at Rs.1,00, 802 crores for 01 FY'25-26 as compared to Rs.98, 769 crores for 01 FY'24-25. 
The technical reserve has increased to Rs.55, 789 crores in 01 FY'25-26 as compared to Rs.51, 
638 crores in 01 FY'24-25. Our net worth has increased from Rs.21, 343 crores to Rs.22, 279 
crores in 01 FY'25-26. Fair value of change account has come down from Rs.26, 360 crores to 
Rs.23, 416 crores mainly due to the volatility in the equity market. Our return on equity is 7.17% 
for 01 FY'25-26 as compared to 4.15% for 01 FY'24-25. 
Next, we come to the segment-wise performance: 
For the fire department, the 01 figures are Rs.2, 272 crores registering a growth of 19.95% as 
compared to the previous year's quarter. Marine premium stood at Rs.300 crores as compared 
to Rs.274 crores in the last year's 1st Quarter registering a growth of 9.48%. Motor OD premium 
stood at Rs.1, 270 crores in the current quarter registering a growth of 6.45% over 01 FY'25-
26. Motor TP premium stood at Rs.1, 415 crores registering a growth of 3.18% as compared to 
01 FY'25. Health and PA put together is a premium of Rs.6, 692 crores registering a growth of 
14.15% over Ct1 FY'25. Crop premium is Rs.126 crores with a growth rate of 0.8% as compared 
to 01 FY'25. 
Others, which comprises the other departments like engineering, aviation, miscellaneous, 
liability put together had a premium of Rs.1, 258 crores registering a growth of 16.8% as 
compared to that of 01 FY'24-25. 
I will take you through the incurred claims ratio segment wise: 
For fire, the incurred claims ratio stood at 11.44% as compared to 7.75% of 01 FY'25. Marine, 
the ICR is 59.88% as compared to 55.86% in 01 FY'25. Motor OD, the ICR is 116.35% as 
compared to 01 FY'25-26 of 114.86%. Motor TP, the ICR is 105.09% as compared to 01 FY'25-
26 of 111.71%, it has come down. Health and PA has an ICR of 108.98% as compared to the 
previous year's figure of 105.96%. CROF registered an ICR of 94.23% as compared to 72.26% in 
Q1 FY'24-25. And the others, the other departments, as mentioned earlier, had an ICR of 
89.20% as compared to 50.79% pertaining to 01 FY'24-25. The increase to the overall ICR is 
mainly due to aviation loss and some large losses in liability and miscellaneous portfolio. Motor 
TP loss ratio continues to remain high though it has shown a small reduction, and we have still 
Page 5 of 16 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
	
 4q 	
 itr41 	
 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
not received any notification on the TP premium increase from MoRTH. Health segment also 
witnessed an increase in the incurred claim ratio. 
We now take you through the performance of New India vis-a-vis the performance of the 
industry: 
The general insurance industry grew by 8.84% in C11 FY'26 with a premium of Rs. 79,301.21 
crores and this was at a growth of 8.84% whereas New India grew at 15.27% with a premium 
of Rs. 12,299.49 crores. The market share of New India increased to 15.51% from 14.65% of 
the same period last year. 
We take you through the segment-wise market share of New India: 
For Fire, our market share was 16.5% where we had a premium of Rs. 1,857.16 crores as 
compared to the total market premium of Rs. 11,241.76 crores. For Marine, the market share 
was 16.2% with a premium of Rs. 280.68 crores as compared to the total market premium of 
Rs. 1,737.15 crores. For Motor, our market share was 9.92% with a premium of Rs. 2,302.1 
crores as compared to the market premium of Rs. 23,200.28 crores. For Health and PA, our 
market share was 18.9% with a premium of Rs. 6,713.35 crores as compared to the total market 
premium of Rs. 35,543.33 crores and all the other miscellaneous departments like Crop, Credit 
and other miscellaneous liabilities, our market share stood at 15.3% with a premium of Rs. 
559.97 crores as compared to the market premium of Rs. 3,658.06 crores. And all other 
departments put together, our market share was 15% with a premium of Rs. 586.23 crores as 
compared to the market premium of Rs. 3,920.63 crores. The company had in the past taken a 
conscious decision not to write Crop line of business directly. 
A few other facts about our company: 
We are in the 107th year of our operation, having celebrated our foundation day on the 23rd 
of July this year. We are a market leader with a strong brand image. We have been rated AAA 
by Crystal and B++ good by AM Best. We have a multi-channel distribution network and we are 
an Indian multinational with presence in 25 countries including India. We have 1,665 offices in 
India underlining strong domestic presence. 
Our segment mix: 
Fire accounts for 17.04%, health and PA accounts for 50.19%, motor TP is 10.61%, motor OD is 
10.65%, marine is 2.51%, crop is 0.94% and others at 8.06%. 
Page 6 of 16 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
ft RizNur 	
*LA 	
s 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
The distribution mix stands as follows: 
The agents account for 21.73% of our business, brokers account for 38.8% of our business, 
direct premium is 33.28%, from dealers, the percentage is 5.65% and bank assurance accounts 
for 0.54%. 
Our key initiatives for the year 2025-2026 are as below: 
Launching innovative new products with focus on retail and MSMEs, growing new lines like 
parametric insurance, emphasis on growth in segments other than motor and health where 
competitive intensity is high, special efforts to drive insurance penetration in the state of 
Gujarat and Lakshadweep underthe state insurance plan, further impetus on risk management 
initiatives and enterprise risk management and taking steps to improve our global credit rating. 
Key initiatives are call centers offering services in seven regional languages: We have a 
revamped website. Our WhatsApp services are available in eight regional languages which offer 
policy and claim related services. Al and ML enabled chat bot for customer service. Claim 
automation efforts continue for faster claim settlement. Customer portal offering a seamless 
user experience for standard products. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rehan Saiyyed from Trinetra Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Good afternoon. Thank you for giving us the opportunity. I assume the management has 
cleared points in detail with us. I would like to ask a couple of questions. First question is on 
the global side. Can you share more on your credit rating improvement strategy and how global 
rating agencies are responding towards that for going forward and what is the recent trend to 
the industry? 
Girija Subramanian: 	
Excuse me, we are not clear what you asked. Can you repeat please? 
Rehan Saiyyed: 	
Sure. I am asking can you share more on your credit rating improvement strategy. 
Moderator: 	
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Rehan, May I request you to use your headphone? Can you try to use 
the speakerphone? 
Rehan Saiyyed: 	
Now, am I audible? Hello. 
Moderator: 	
Yes, please go ahead. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 	
So, my first question is around can you share more on your credit rating improvement strategy 
and how global rating agencies are responding towards that? Just put more light on that. 
Page 7 of 16 

	
 NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
15I4t 	
zeu4T iArfALs 
 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
Girija Subramanian: 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Yes, so actually on this credit rating, we have been credit rated by AM Best for quite some time 
now and unfortunately in the year 2018, we were downgraded to B++ from A-Excellent and 
since then, we have been working consistently to see that we go up back to our A rated status 
and in that endeavor, we have been consistently trying to improve our ERM methods, the 
technology usage, the kind of resilience across all parameters, risk management initiatives, we 
have employment of technology to ensure that there are no gaps, all of this we have been 
trying to do across the last few years and most particularly in the last year, we have made some 
significant strides in this area. We have put certain, or wherever we have had audit 
observations and audit paras from our statutory auditors, we have actually put our teams, a 
task force to address each of these unreconciled amounts and as a result of that, you can see 
that the last quarter and this quarter, we have taken a few of the unreconciled amounts which 
are pretty old, very old balances to our P&L, we have written them off and so that we clean up 
the books permanently for the future. 
At the same time, to be future ready and to ensure that such things do not repeat, we have 
created certain verticals within the company to address these procedural lapses so that, 
because of the transactional inconsistencies and delay, these things were happening and 
therefore, we have put address all those gaps. We expect that this will be a total cleanup for 
the future and we will not see these kinds of instances in the future. Apart from that, we have 
strengthened our ERM team. We have completely drawn up a risk map, heat map which was 
there. We have improved on it. We have taken the help of one of the big three in ensuring that 
we get the, the absolute state of art, knowledge transfer, the best practices in the industry for 
addressing this, to make ERM best in class for this industry and I think there has been a 
significant improvement from there. We have adopted technology in a big way to ensure that 
these gaps which were there in the procedures and processes, they addressed to a large extent 
and we have seen significant improvement in the way our teams have reacted to this, the way 
these processes have cleaned up and brought more accountability to the table of each and 
every employee. The way we are able to measure TAT, when it comes to claim settlement or, 
in fact, even for underwriting, we are able to find out where and on which table the delay is 
happening and these things, I think, are something which are permanent in qualitative terms 
and this would bring continual rewards for this company every quarter that we go. 
Okay. I understand and thank you for such a detailed answer and my second and last question 
is around what's the output for combined ratio in second half? Any internal targets or levers to 
improve it? Is there any target in the management team you have forecasting for FY'26 — FY'27? 
Yes. So, last year, we had a phenomenal year when we brought down the combined ratio from 
119 to 116, which is not a mean feat to achieve for such a big entity, a global entity. So, it was 
definitely something we really worked on in the last year and we brought in significant change. 
The same things hold good this year. Additionally, this 1st Quarter has not moved in terms of 
Page 8 of 16 

NEVI INDIA ASSURANCE 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
combined ratio because there were a few large losses that affected this particular quarter and 
the one from Air India was a once in a while kind of a loss and otherwise, possibly, we could 
have seen a traction there also. But going forward and I think the kind of initiatives we are 
taking, we are very sure that internally, we have set ourselves improvement in combined ratio 
by another 3% this year, which I think should be achievable at the current point of time. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 	
Okay ma'am, thank you for your answer and good luck for the coming quarter. 
Girija Subramanian: 	
Thank you. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Aditi Joshi: 	
Yes, thanks for taking my question. Just on the loss ratio side, just now you said that the 1st 
Quarter could have been better if it was not the case with the Air India losses. But if I look at 
the incurred loss ratio across the business line, it has broadly shot up in almost every category. 
So just firstly, with respect to the health insurance, actually, I wanted to understand what is 
your outlook for the rest of the year, especially given that we have taken some pricing hike and 
also cautious underwriting approach in that segment and also in the motor insurance side, now 
that the third-party premium hike has not come, so what is your outlook for the motor TP loss 
ratio as well? And if you are able to guide your total group level loss ratio for the rest of the 
year that will be helpful. 
Girija Subramanian: 
Yes, this quarter, as you rightly said, the fire loss ratio, I mean, 11.44 is pretty low. And I think 
this is a natural case when we write new risks and you have different exposures here and you 
can say that this quarter it has gone up, but then that is still not very alarming. When it comes 
to marine, it is just a 4% increase. The major ones are, I think, in health, as you rightly said, 
from 105 to 108 and mainly this has happened because of medical inflation, which is currently 
at 14%- 15% and we have been telling to all agencies across the year, that a large part of the 
medical insurance service that we give our policyholders is unregulated, which is the hospitals 
and as long as each and every hospital in each and every tier of cities does not get on to a 
cashless system where we are able to pre-fix or pre-determine the rates, this kind of 
inconsistencies is going to keep happening, even though our underwriting processes have 
changed over the years. We have brought in a lot of stringency. There is a committee-based 
approval for every group mediclaim business that is written in New India. And we peg the prices 
much higher based on the loss ratios that have happened and despite the competition, we 
either let go the businesses we are not able to demand or get the price for and when we write, 
we write at a sufficient increase so that we are able to absorb that level of loss ratio. But then 
always the hospitals, they beat us at this game and therefore, you can see that increase and I 
am sure that once, with a lot of concerted effort from GI councils, from all of us, from, there's 
a concern shown by the DFS, especially on health, because it's a service that we give to the 
citizens of this country and therefore, I think it's not going to be too far when the health 
ministry also does something about it, when we have all the hospitals regulated in the country 
Page 9 of 16 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
it RI,sr3ur 27-41-iilitr41 	
 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
Aditi Joshi: 
Girija Subramanian: 
and that is the day, the golden letter day for health insurance in India and we will be surely on 
top of the charts to give that kind of service for our policyholders. And we have this additional 
regulation where we can't increase more than 10% in a year. So, our hands are tied at beyond 
10%, when we cannot increase, the inflation is at 14%. We have a straight 4% differential there 
itself and then , this quarter, the hike is also because of an increase in infectious diseases, as 
you would have read in the press. Additionally, there has been a lot of regulatory change in 
health, which is very evolving and there are lots of circulars that keep coming throughout the 
year, when some of the latest ones include the inclusion of pre-existing diseases and that is 
also one of the reasons, and there is a new concept called robotic surgery, which is being 
increasingly used by our customers and this is something that has possibly not been priced for 
or taken into account during the pricing and because of these various reasons, our claim has 
shot up by 3%, which is pretty decent. 
Okay. So just to summarize that the pricing hike that we actually took in the last year, the 
impact of those hikes has largely translated into the loss ratio and now that going forward, it 
will largely be the function of claim frequency as well as the amount. Is my understanding 
correct? 
Yes, see this price cap of 10% came somewhere in the middle of last year, when there was a 
lot of hue & cry about retail premiums not being affordable by the larger public. So actually, 
the health, we have been, I mean, even earlier to that, we have been extremely, our increase 
in rates has not been on every year basis. So, we did change the rate applicable age wise, 
instead of band wise and that has somehow spread that kind of increase in premium across 
each year. But then, the retail, the premium growth has largely come from all segments, 
whether it's retail, GMC, government, we have increased the premiums even in government 
business by 20% basis, the ICR. On GMC, our prices have gone up by 14% in retail by 9%. But 
despite that, the claim ratio has gone up. So, which again reaffirms the fact that it is a service 
provider that now needs to be reamed in. 
Aditi Joshi: 	
Okay, got it. And, moving to the motor insurance, given the video that did not have a motor 
third party hike? So how to think about the incurred claim loss ratio in that segment? 
Girija Subramanian: 
Yes, see, in motor TP, basically, it is a mandated class, we cannot refuse. So, whoever comes, 
we have to give them the cover. Here you can see a slight decrease because we have changed 
our priority in terms of the segmentation under motor wherein, we have overall, we have a 
private car distribution 47%, the commercial vehicles at 45% and the two wheelers at 8%. In 
the TP, we have a private car only of 34%, commercial vehicle exposure of around 56% and the 
two-wheeler at 10%. So, this is where the issue happens for the TP wherein the price has not 
gone up and it's not in our control either. So, there we have reengineered our workforce to try 
and change our portfolio mix more in the favor of private car, in the 1st Quarter, I think the 
response can be seen here in terms of the ICR decrease from 111% to 105%. As far as the motor 
OD is concerned, yes, this is mainly because of the strengthening on reserves because earlier 
Page 10 of 16 

NB INDIA ASSURANCE 
wi3O%-crriev411.-o*qt 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
year also we had this. In TP, we have strengthened the reserves last year, that's why the ICR 
was at 111. This year it is normal business as usual and therefore that is also one of the reasons 
why it is at 105%. Now the OD thing has gone up because this is mainly because of the OEMs 
and the dealers who demand a huge outgo because of which we are not able to. It's a very 
competitive segment, a lot of, it's huge competition in this area and when we do not get the 
businesses that are given away at a very high commission and then this kind of impact is bound 
to be seen. We have done some kind of dynamic strategy for each of the geographies that we 
operate on which is right now a work in progress and maybe in the next quarter or quarter 
after that you may be able to see an improved performance on OD which needs to be 
monitored on a daily basis. This is something we are doing right now and I think the results will 
be seen a quarter later. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Moderator: 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay, got it. That is helpful. Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shobhit Sharma from HDFC Securities Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I have a few questions around the OPEX. So, if you look 
at the policyholder account, there is a steep decline in the OPEX. On the other side, if you look 
at the shareholders account, there is a steep increase, so is there some re-categorization which 
has happened over there? 
Girija Subramanian: 	I will request the management officials present in the meeting to answer the questions. 
Management: 	
The reason why the operating expenses have gone down is strictly because the employee costs 
have gone down. The number of employees has actually reduced and correspondingly, we also 
had lesser impact on account of the pension liabilities last year and the same trend continues 
this year. So, that has actually resulted in the operating expenses gone down. 
Shobhit Sharma: 	
Sorry to interrupt, sir. My question was on other OPEX. Employee remuneration, I got that. Can 
you help us understand around the other OPEX, please? 
Management: 	
Yes, on the other OPEX, re-categorization-wise, we had moved some of the earlier provisions 
that we were making are actually getting into the revenue account. But there was a change of 
policy and they are now moving into the P&L account. 
Shobhit Sharma: 	
Okay, sir. And there is a steep increase in terms of the other income which we have recognized 
during the period. Is this sustainable and what does it relate to? 
Page 11 of 16 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
fa RI Ifktiti,q,41•t•-fi 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
Mary Abraham: 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Management: 
This is the provision that we have created. If you are talking about the minus Rs.145 crores, the 
provision that we have created for the non-moving reinsurance balances and towards the 
doubtful debt. So, this was done with the main intention of cleaning our books. 
Ma'am, I am referring to the other income. 
It is a combination. We had another income, what you are talking about the Rs.202 crores of 
other income which is there. So, there is a combination of two, three things. Actually, as per 
our accounting policy, some of the old balances, we have taken a call of making provisions as 
well as so there will be non-moving balances which are appearing on both sides. Some need to 
be provided and some needs to be written back. So, whatever is written back has been put in 
the form of other income and whatever is written off is put in the form of the provisions. So, if 
you see the net impact is around Rs.145 crores negative. 
Shobhit Sharma: 	
Okay, sir. Got it. Now coming on to the business side, ma'am. Can you help us understand our 
approach on the long-term motor policies and how much business does this segment 
contribute to our top line right now? 
Management: 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Management: 
Long-term motor policy, we have launched recently but as of now, the proportion is on the 
lower side. But going forward, if we get a right price, we will be open to doing long-term policies 
even on the OEM side. 
Okay. Ma'am, now coming on to the health side. So last time you had highlighted that on the 
retail health side, we have seen a 10% improvement in terms of the loss ratio and you had 
attributed that to the increase in the claim investigation which was around 34 odd percent for 
FY'25. So, can you help us with the same number for this current quarter, how are we 
progressing on the claim investigation, the efficiencies on the claim side and if you can split 
your health loss ratios in terms of retail, group health, employer-employee and the 
government, that would be helpful. 
Sir, good afternoon. As far as retail is concerned, last year we have done 30% in-house audit by 
our in-house doctors. The current year, the target has been fixed at 50% of audit of all the claim 
files of retail and also group health. So surely, we are also planning to introduce the FWA tool 
also, the in-house tool, even though all the TPAs got in-house tool, we are also trying to 
introduce. So, this year, last year ICR was 87% and slightly there is a 3% increase, mostly with 
respect to the infectious disease during this period. Always the 1st Quarter, there will be some 
increase in ICR as far as the health department is concerned. Then one more aspect is some of 
the big accounts where we used to pay the single premium of lump sum, so that also. 
Shobhit Sharma: 	
Sir, if I heard you correctly, you mentioned that, sorry ma'am. 
Page 12 of 16 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
ekca 74-+:091. as'oqt 	
 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
Girija Subramanian: 
Moderator: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Girija Subramanian: 
The ICR has gone up slightly this quarter as compared to last year because of increased 
incidence of infectious diseases because of which there is lot more hospitalization than earlier. 
This is something that is beyond our control and as he explained, number of audits has gone 
up from 30% to 50% because we are recruiting fifty more direct recruit doctors into our force. 
We already have seventy-five last year. We are adding another fifty, so this also proves the 
amount of, we are going to drill down into this entire claim process for health. We have also, 
we are building right now a customized fraud, waste and abuse tool that will help us to detect 
which hospital charges how much for which treatment and where is the leakage. 
Hello, ladies and gentlemen, we have the management line disconnected. Please stay 
connected until I reconnect the management. We have the management line reconnected. 
Please go ahead. 
Yes, can you hear me? 
Yes, ma'am. 
Yes, as I just said, you know that now the audits have gone up, the number of the tools, the 
technology is being utilized. Even otherwise earlier the TPAs used to use their own tools. We 
also had an in-house tool that we used to use, but we are re-customizing the entire thing 
because I think there are so many other parameters that we feel we could monitor even more 
strongly and we want to see that every case as far as possible we get for 100% audit. So we are 
trying to move towards that and in that endeavor we are now building our own tool and we 
are going to see that this is wanted even more closely and I am sure that with all these efforts, 
because the 1st Quarter is always, the health ICR is always high, with these efforts I am sure 
that by the end of the year we will bring down the overall ICR for the year to a much better 
number than what it was last year. 
Okay, ma'am, is there any thought around bringing in the health claim settlement on the health 
side in-house? 
No, it is not possible with the level of the volumes that we have at the moment. So this year 
we will be still not having any complete in-house settlement, but we,do have TPAs, we have a 
government TPA that does an audit of the other TPAs. So, all these systems are there and I do 
not see that we are going to have any in-house TPA. It is a very big thing, it takes at least two, 
three years to adopt one and then especially in a PSU outfit and then make them ready to take 
on this kind of an initiative. It is a kind of a parallel vertical which will require investment of 
four, five hundred personnel present all across the country, all of that. So, it is a totally different 
initiative that needs to be thought about and till then we will have to see how much we can 
bring in efficiencies by way of technology. I think we are trying to adopt technology as a way 
we could even supervise the external TPAs and see that there is no leakage from their side. 
And there is also this parallel initiative of hospitals coming on board on the NHCA system and 
Page 13 of 16 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
‘04crr 	
aingt 	
 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Girija Subramanian: 
cashless being the way forward. Once that happens, this ecosystem will really improve in a 
much better way. Once it is cashless, everything is recorded, there is a database created 
wherein claims are there, fraud detection is much easier than before. So, I think the whole 
industry is working towards it, it is just a matter of time. 
Ma'am just one thing which I wanted to understand, generally we believe that the GIPSA 
pricing arrangement which you have with the PSU Insurance Health, it gives them a levy of 
around 20-25% lower claim size. Is that true or is this something else? Can you help us 
understand about the GIPSA arrangement? 
No, it is totally untrue. GIPSA is just an association that does a common communication 
between the DFS, owners and the other companies that are the members of GIPSA. Beyond 
that, there is no other great efficiency we get by being a GIPSA company. We are competitors 
in our own market. We, of course, are governed by the DFS who are our owners. Even here, 
the thing is we are deeply regulated where health is concerned. We have regular reviews on 
health, especially on group health wherein the loss ratios had gone bad a couple of years ago. 
Since then, we have been deeply regulated. Our owners are fully aware of the health insurance 
ecosystem, how it works. So, we are reviewed on every aspect of health insurance very strictly 
and therefore, we are answerable and accountable for everything we do here. So, therefore, I 
think we cannot take an independent call vis-a-vis the private sector that does have a lot of 
liberty to take many calls on many things. 
Shobhit Sharma: 	 Okay, ma'am. Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Girija Subramanian: 	
Thanks. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitesh from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitesh: 	
Thanks for the opportunity. First question is, can you share the incurred loss ratio for the retail 
health segment for quarter 1? 
Management: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Nitesh: 
Girija Subramanian: 
Nitesh: 
90%. 
It is 90%. 
90%? 
Yes. 
Okay. So, second is, in your opinion, what is the possibility of motor TP price hike this financial 
year? Or we should completely rule it out? 
Page 14 of 16 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
fiL :),,a(3wt 	
fcli 	
ias 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
Girija Subramanian: 
Nitesh: 
No, I mean, that is what. So, we have no clue whether it will get increased this year. Our hope 
and prayers are for that because in this endeavor, I think GI Council has worked a lot 
throughout the last year and several representations have gone. I myself have been a part of 
one of the meetings when we met MoRTH and we had these discussions with them. And at 
that point of time, we did feel that something surely would come out. If not in the same format, 
the pricing would definitely undergo some more segmentation and it would come. But I think 
right now, that is still not happening. And right now, we have no clue whether it will come out 
in a month's time, three months' time. No clue. 
Sure. And last question is that we are witnessing the now competitive intensity from other PSU 
entities in the motor on-damage segment and we are seeing a bit of irrational pricing. So, what 
is driving that? The balance sheet position of other PSUs is not that strong. So, what is actually 
driving this? And this will all end a bit negatively for them over medium term. But what is 
making them so competitive in the near term? 
Girija Subramanian: 	I will not be in a position to comment on any other organization. 
Nitesh: 	
Okay. Thank you. That's it for my side. 
Girija Subramanian: 	Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from JPMorgan. 
Aditi Joshi: 	
Thanks. I appreciate you again. Just a couple of follow-up questions. The first is on the fire 
insurance, the growth was pretty decent in terms of the premiums. So, just want to understand 
like how is the competitive intensity and the pricing environment looking? And what is the 
outlook going forward under the fire segment for the rest of the year? And the second, if you 
are able to provide your guidance on the combined ratio for FY'2026 that will be actually 
helpful. Thank you. 
Girija Subramanian: 
Yes. So, fire insurance has been New India's forte. We have been the leaders all along. We 
continue to be and we will surely be in the future also. We are the largest insurer for the large 
risk segment; we have been the leaders and it is always an insurer of choice for most of the 
large risk owners to go with New India. And so, it is no surprise that we have done so well. But 
apart that, the main reason for the increase is because the last year has witnessed a deep 
decrease in pricing in fire from the months of May to December when the pricing discounts 
were in the range of 90 plus. And that is the discounting when we talk about it is from the IIB 
pricing that was prevalent in the market before that. Now, since there is no tariff in the market, 
IIB pricing was something that was adopted by the market and then they decided not to go 
with it and therefore, it dived down. And then after that, because this is a heavily reinsurance-
driven line of business and therefore the insurers had to step in and warn each one of the 
insurers that they would take off the reinsurance protection from 1st April. So, once they did 
Page 15 of 16 

NEW INDIA ASSURANCE 
wofkErr.uvq1.o-fr 
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd 
that, the market quickly got back into discipline from 1st Jan and started quoting better rates 
at least in line with the loss ratios in the segment and therefore, there was definitely when you 
see 80-90% discount, then obviously when you re-correct and then you see something closer 
to reality, you are bound to see a decent 20% growth and that is one of the reasons that the 
growth is at 19.95%. But apart from that, New India has acquired a couple of new clients. We 
are very proud about them, to have them with us. And I am sure that this growth will be there 
going into the future also because this is a reinsurance-driven line, as long as the insurers 
maintain a leash on capacity, this will continue to grow. 
Aditi Joshi: 	
And on the combined ratio guidance for the year? 
Girija Subramanian: 	Yes. Combined ratio guidance, I already said that we are aspiring to have a combined ratio 3% 
lower than 116, which would be around 113 maybe for this year. 
Aditi Joshi: 	
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mrs. Girija Subramanian, CMD of New India Insurance Limited. 
Girija Subramanian: 
We extend our sincere gratitude to everyone who contributes to the New India Assurance, our 
valued investors, business partners, dedicated employees, and all who are connected to our 
institution, our agents, our brokers, the web aggregators, and shareholders in particular. We 
truly appreciate your engagement and the opportunity to share our strategies, financial 
performance, and future outlook. Your perspectives play a crucial role in our continuous 
growth and transparency. Above all, we deeply appreciate the steadfast trust our customers 
have placed in us for over 106 years. We are committed to building on this legacy, leading from 
the front, keeping our customers at the center of our existence for many more years to come. 
The entire management team and our dedicated workforce are united in our promise to 
consistently deliver on the commitments we have made to you, our valued customers. Should 
you have any questions or require any assistance, please do not hesitate to email us. We assure 
you of a swift and helpful response. I am happy to share with you that New India Assurance 
has been awarded the best PSU insurer in terms of grievance redressal for this year and this 
was a big achievement. We ended with a 99.96% grievance redressal, a show which is the best 
in the industry. Thank you all for being with us in this journey. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you, ma'am. I thank everyone on behalf of the New India Assurance Company Limited 
and Concept Investor Relations. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 16 of 16 
