 
 
 
 
 
 
August 7, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
NSE Symbol : SHRIPISTON 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
 
BSE Scrip code : 544344 
Sub: Transcripts of the “Earnings Conference Call” - Regulation 30 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations") 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
With reference to the captioned matter and in furtherance to our earlier intimation letters  
dated July 29, 2025, August 1, 2025 and August 4, 2025, regarding the schedule, investor 
presentation, press release and Audio Recordings of the “Earnings Conference Call” of 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited (“Company”) and in compliance with Regulation 30(6) read 
with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find 
enclosed the transcripts of the “Earnings Conference Call” on the Un-Audited Financial 
Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, held on Monday, August 4, 2025 at 4:00 p.m. 
(IST). 
The above information is also available on the Company’s website and can be accessed 
at https://shrirampistons.com. 
Kindly take the above information on record and treat this as compliance with SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Pankaj Gupta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI M. No.: F4647 
PANKAJ 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
PANKAJ GUPTA 
Date: 2025.08.07 
17:23:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited  
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNAKUMAR SRINIVASAN – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. PREM RATHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. PANKAJ GUPTA – DEPUTY EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
AND HEAD LEGAL COMPANY SECRETARY  

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited Q1FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing *, then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Today, from the management, we have with us Mr. Krishnakumar Srinivasan - Managing 
Director & Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Prem Rathi - Executive Director & Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. Pankaj Gupta - Deputy Executive Director, Head Legal & Company Secretary. 
Before we begin, let me remind you that this discussion may contain forward-looking 
statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It may 
be viewed in conjunction with the business risks that could cause future results, performance 
or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Krishnakumar Srinivasan for his opening remarks, post 
which we will open the floor for an interactive Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the Q1 FY '26 Earnings Call for 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited. It is really a pleasure to connect with all of you as we share 
our progress and achievements over the past quarter. 
I am pleased to report that the Company has commenced the Fiscal Year 2026 with a very 
strong performance in the 1st Quarter. Building on our performances over the last few years, 
the Company has maintained double-digit growth across all key financial metrics this quarter. I 
am happy to state that the Company has outgrown the end markets by a wide margin. 
As you are aware, the automotive industry is cyclical in nature and tends to be loaded in the 
Quarter 2 and Quarter 4 and is generally soft in the Quarter 1 and Quarter 3. Hence, normally 
in Q1, most of the OEMs have their plant maintenance block shutdowns for preventive 
maintenance and their production is normally on the lower side as compared to the previous 
quarter, Q4 of last year. So, normally, we compare year-on-year rather than comparing quarter-
on-quarter and I am very happy to state that year-on-year, the Company has maintained a very 
strong growth as compared to quarter 1 of last year. 
Under these circumstances, the consolidated total income grew by 14.9% year-on-year to Rs. 
9,917 million, which is attributed to the Company's resilient business model and its strategic 
focus and further supported by SPRL's leading position in the industry along with the strong 
and long-lasting relationships with all its customers. These factors have also enabled us to 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
continue to outperform the industry, which is going through a rather challenging time. We 
have been consistently speaking about our dedicated focus on efficiency and operational 
improvements, which have enabled us to deliver a 16.5% year-on-year growth in consolidated 
EBITDA to Rs. 2,234 million as well as enabled us to expand our EBITDA margins to 22.5% 
in Q1 of FY '26. 
Our consolidated PAT grew by 15.1% year-on-year to Rs. 1,348 million while PAT margins 
were maintained at 13.6% in the quarter. Apart from working on various operational 
improvements, automation and digitization, we have been focusing on increasing our reach to 
the end markets globally like newer market segments like the marine engines, the defence 
engines, the railway applications, lawn mower applications and many other unique areas. We 
have also been dedicatedly working on other fronts like streamlining of supply chain, 
productivity improvements and cost optimization across all our products. We are confident that 
these initiatives will continue to drive our profitability but will also ensure that we uphold the 
superior product quality that SPRL is renowned for. 
The auto industry is going through a turbulent time and this quarter presented challenges 
across all segments. While the passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles and the three-wheeler 
segments reported near-flat production volumes, the two-wheeler segment was the most 
affected, degrowing by almost 1% year-on-year from a production standpoint. While we 
recognize that the near-term outlook presents a cautious phase for the industry, we believe that 
with our diversified presence across various segments in automotive applications, across 
commercial vehicles, passenger vehicles, two-wheelers, tractors as well as non-automotive 
applications like the railways, defence, industrial engines, off-highway engines, marine 
engines and snowmobile applications will enable us to continue growing and outperforming 
the industry as we have done in the past. 
Our presence across ICE components, EV motors and controllers and high-precision injection 
moulded components further adds to the strength of our business model. A positive factor this 
quarter for the industry was growth in exports across all segments after a few quarters of 
pressure due to the geopolitical situation. With our strong presence across key global markets, 
we believe that this further adds to the resilience of our model. Even with the geopolitical 
tensions coming out of the tariff wars and supply situations, we feel that being present in over 
45 countries helps us to mitigate risks in one region by better sales in the other. Going forward, 
our strategic focus remains on strengthening our core business while exploring the new 
avenues for growth. We are committed to enhancing our product offerings and expanding our 
market presence through innovation and technology. 
As a part of our commitment to innovation and sustainability, we are actively developing 
components for alternative fuel solutions like CNG, LNG applications, PNG applications, 
hybrid engines, flex engines, hydrogen engines, H-CNG engines which are hydrogen blended 
CNG engines and electric engines that complement the internal combustion engines. We 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
firmly believe that all the powertrain solutions will continue to co-exist for quite some time in 
the future given the various challenges with regards to infrastructure and availability of mature 
technology solutions for only EV vehicles.  
While we work on all the technologies, we are happy to state that our progress on EV motors 
and controllers is very satisfactory, and the onboarding of many new customers has been going 
on for quite some time. 
We have also been able to mitigate the non-availability of rare earth magnets by alternate 
sourcing methodologies and maintaining our production run. The progress of commissioning 
of our new facility at Coimbatore for the EV motor and controller plant is progressing quite 
well and we expect to start production there by the end of September. Moreover, we continue 
to pursue strategic partnerships and M&A’s that will bolster our capabilities, broaden our 
product portfolio and will be accretive to our business.  
Our focus on sustainability and environmental responsibility remains unwavering as we 
continue to implement various initiatives that reduce our carbon footprint and promote the use 
of renewable energy across all our operations. 
Before concluding, I would like to express my gratitude to our dedicated employees and all our 
other stakeholders for their unwavering support. Together, we will continue to grow our 
business profitably and also work on making SPR a multi-product franchise. 
Thank you once again for each one of you for having joined this call today. I would now 
request the moderator to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Vaibhav Shah from BNP Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
So, my first question was on standalone revenue growth, which we have reported against the 
average industry volume growth that we have given in our presentation. So, what led to this 
outperformance versus underlying industry growth and what is your expectation for say FY '26 
against our industry volume growth expectation? How should our revenue growth be on a 
standalone basis? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, thank you Vaibhav and thanks for this question. First and foremost, I think our standalone 
revenue has grown by 9.8%. And it has far outgrown the overall market volumes. The market 
has more or less from a production standpoint, sales standpoint and production standpoint is 
slightly different. We track more production standpoint because that is more relevant for us 
when we are selling the pistons, rings and engine valves and our other products. So, our 
production standpoint growth has been just over around 1% and we are tracking around 9.8%. 
That is almost outgrowth which is more than 9 times. Now, primarily, this has come out of the 
work that we started almost 4 or 5 years back with regards to getting into newer businesses, 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
newer areas, newer segments of businesses like, the marine engines, engines for defense, the 
defense applications, the railway engines, etc. There are multiple areas on which we have 
focused on in the last many years now and that all the businesses that we have won in the past 
and all the actions that we have taken to grow the business in a manner where it is not 
dependent on one particular segment or one particular automotive field, we wanted to ensure 
that we de-risk it with all the other businesses that we can get and where , pistons rings and 
valves are used. So, we have been able to win that and that has really helped us to do this. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Understood, sir. Would you also call, we have gained some market share in the pistons 
business in this quarter also over the last 1 year? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, we have been continuously working on our market share and I am happy to state that 
some of the new businesses that we have won with the customers and the launch of those new 
programs that the customers have done has really helped us to actually improve our market 
share in the country as well as improve the market share outside the country also. We supply to 
many customers outside India also. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Understood, sir. My second question is on our exports business. So, as I understand, roughly 
10% of our exports also go to North America as a region. So, I just want to understand one, is 
there any duty impact on our exports today to any particular geography? What was that impact 
in the quarter which has gone by and what is your expectation for the export business overall 
in terms of growth for the coming year? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. See, our exports has classically been around 20% of our sales, but our sales have also 
grown and obviously on a larger base, they are wavering between 18%-20% and it will be 
growing continuously. And even in exports, we have won new businesses as I already told you 
in the previous call also, even this quarter also we have won some new businesses. So, this will 
continue, and I don't think there is any one specific region where we are selling around 10% of 
our products into that region. I don't think we have given that number anywhere. But I can tell 
you for sure that yes, tariffs are there. It is a reality, and we are hopeful that the tariff will 
change in the near future. But even otherwise, our tariffs today as it compares relatively to the 
other countries that are there, which are, let us say, in the reckoning with regards to supply of 
those products, we feel that we are still better off than the other countries. As a result, we still 
stand to gain, and we don't see any major reduction in volumes or anything from our customers 
as yet. So, we don't foresee any major issue as such. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Understood. I referred to the FY '25 exports mix that is given on presentation slide 16, where 
North America is roughly 10% of our export mix. That was the number I was referring to, but 
understood. We continue to remain. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Again, it is a mix of all the countries in the region, it is America plus all the other countries. 
So, we have not any way specified that it is only America. 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Understood, sir. Understood. Thanks for that. My next question is on our subsidiaries that we 
have now announced. It is very good to see the ramp up in all the 3 subsidiaries that we have. 
Can you highlight in terms of utilizations or absolute revenue size for the subsidiaries, where 
are we today as of Q1? And in the EV motors business, I understand we had a facility which 
was supposed to start from this current financial year. So, where are we in terms of our 
capacity ramp up plans for the EV motors business as well? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So, basically, we don't normally give any breakups of our capacities primarily because 
capacities are constantly changing, because we are putting in a lot of capex in almost all the 
businesses. Even in our legacy business, we continue to put capex and also in all the new areas, 
all the new companies that we have taken over, we have ensured that we are continuously 
putting in capex to increase the output of those companies. So, it is constantly changing. So, 
that capex figure will not be very relevant at this stage. But I can tell you that we are focusing 
on keeping the capacity utilization at a good level, ensuring that we are able to build capacities 
ahead of the market, because we see the markets also growing quite well. So, as a result, across 
all the companies that we are operating on today, we are continuing to put in a lot of capex, 
number one.  
Number two, as far as EMFI is concerned, as I said in the opening remarks, our plant, we are 
operating from one facility at this stage, which is supplying to all the customers. We have put 
in a new facility, which, if you remember, we had started sometime in March of this year and 
in September, we are thinking of starting the plant and we should be in a position to start 
operations out of that new plant by the first week of October. So, we are really growing the 
volumes there. So, we think that that is the right way that we should complement the existing 
volumes and it is a state-of-the-art plant for both the motors and controllers. We will make all 
kinds of motors, including the mid-drive and the hub motors, and we will make motors right 
from 250 watts right up to 350 kilowatts. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. I have more questions. I will come back in queue. Thank you so 
much, sir. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thank you, Vaibhav. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rushabh Shah from BugleRock PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, in the plastic business, what is the potential for 
aftermarket? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Hi, Rushabhji. Good evening. Thanks for coming into the call and thanks for the question. Yes, 
there are aftermarket businesses for our plastic injection moulded parts also. Mostly, as you 
realize that the plastic injection moulded parts are precision plastic injection moulded parts, 
which goes primarily as into assemblies and sub-assemblies. There are also some sub-

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
assemblies which we deliver directly to the customers. There are also some OEM requirements 
which we supply directly. So, many of the OEM requirements that we supply directly does 
have also aftermarket requirements, which is networked through our existing SPRL 
aftermarket, which is really very complementary to the business that we have in all the other 
subsidiaries. So, we have a combination of both direct supplies to OEM as well as the 
aftermarket requirements. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Like, going ahead, how big could this aftermarket business be? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, all the initial requirements that we have seen is quite demanding and that is a good 
requirement. So, we think that this segment of the business will certainly grow. But keep in 
mind that these are only the precision injection moulded parts. These are not the normal big 
plastic parts that are going. So, it is, for example, the steering gears that we make, it goes only 
into steering application. So, there is a very specific requirement in the aftermarket for steering 
gears as and when steering breaks down or there is an accident or things like that. And that 
requirement is already fed by the aftermarket teams that we have. That is how it operates. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Fine. Thank you, sir. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thanks, Rushabhji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viraj from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. First is on the EV product 
offering. If you can just give some more historical perspective, how we kind of gone about 
acquiring technology, both in terms of motors and controllers? So, that is one. And just to 
extend that, traditionally, we have been present more in hub motors kind of offering. But I 
think you are also in the process of launching big giant motors as well. So, can you just give 
some more perspective how we have gone about acquiring the tech? And just to add to that, 
what are the kinds of presence we have currently, any color you can give in terms of end 
segment application and CV, LCV, PV or two-wheeler and similarly, in terms of the customer 
concentration or profile? And third is, if you look at space, you have seen a very high rate of 
change in technology, especially in motors. So, then how are we going about competing in the 
marketplace when the end offering itself is seeing a lot of changes in terms of tech? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. First and foremost, as far as the EV motors are concerned, you are right that initially 
when we started, we started with the hub motors, which was the model of most of the motor 
companies. But then subsequently, we have gone into all the kinds of motors, including the 
mid-drive motors and also various profiling of motors. It could be a switch reluctance motor or 
synchronous motors. There are also some motors that we make without magnets also. So, those 
combinations are also there. So, there are multiple areas on which we are working. And we 
will continue to work in all the areas because ultimately, we want to ensure that we are able to 
cater to the industry requirements as per our customers’ needs. So, most of that is dictated by 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
our customers and the end product that it is going in. So, you will observe that we have been 
continuously growing. And as I said, our real growth has started in full swing. And that is why 
we are putting up a new plant also in Coimbatore. And that plant will also be operational from 
coming September end. So, that is just around one to one and a half months away. So, with 
that, we will scale up in all the motors that we are manufacturing today. From a technology 
standpoint, we have always believed in getting the right technologies. There are a couple of 
important points here that I should mention. First is, we are probably one of the very few 
motor manufacturers who combine the motors and controllers together. We size it together in 
our thing, we test it along with the controller, we test it on our test bench, our 100% of the final 
test happens only along with our controller and that is then supplied to the customer so that 
customer does not have any problem with regards to sizing the motor and the controller 
together. That is one of the major changes that we do with regards to the others. Second, most 
of our technologies have been with the help of, as far as control is concerned, we have a 
collaboration with Lingbo, as you know, and with, as far as the mid-drive motors are 
concerned, do it with Greatland Electrics. So, we have the technology movement coming there. 
They are all up to date with regard to all the newer technologies that are coming in, including 
hairpin bending and everything. All those technologies are available with us and we are almost 
in line with all the newer requirements of the customers. 
Viraj: 
So, just two questions. Can you give some deeper perspective, given the kind of spread we 
would have in terms of different tech, different product offerings in motors and motor 
controllers? What is the kind of similarity or differences you see in terms of manufacturing 
setup? Why I am asking this is typically, say, if I look at core products of piston, piston rings 
or other engine valves, we have a very defined benchmark in terms of, what kind of minimum 
threshold we would want to see either in terms of returns or margins before adding any 
capacity. But here, given there is so much variability, and the rate of change is high, what is 
the kind of similarity or difference you see in the manufacturing setup between different 
offerings? So, that is one. And second is, if you can give some more deeper perspective in 
terms of the mix in terms of end segments, whether it be LCV, PV or two-wheeler, and 
similarly in terms of customer offerings? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We generally don't give any breakup of these customers, but we are present in all, that is why I 
said that we range our motors right from 250 watts right up to 350 kilowatts. 350 kilowatts are 
the ones which go into big buses and other things, other applications, including for truck 
applications, including mining. So, there are a number of applications. Volumes are, of course, 
low, as you all know, that it is all, we have to be present in all this, we have to size it, we have 
to ensure that those motors are in for various testings and other things that are going on. And 
multiple levels of validations are going on across various customers. I can only say that we are 
now among the top 3 motor and controller manufacturers. We are the only ones who are giving 
motor and controller sized together. There are a couple of others who are smaller players, but 
in terms of recognized big players, we are the only ones. And secondly, we are among the top 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
3 as far as motor manufacturing is concerned. So, I think we are on a very good way to 
establish our position as a major motor and controller supplier in the country. 
Viraj: 
And in terms of customer concentration, say top 5, top 10 customers, how would that be? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: This is a very growing field and it is very important to realize that many players are trying to 
enter many of these customers and it is not ideal at this stage to give any of the customer 
names because even the customers are keeping it very confidential, and they don't want us to 
disclose any of the names. So, unfortunately, I will not be in a position to disclose any names 
at this stage. 
Viraj: 
Just one last question on this and I have a few questions on other parts of the business. One 
trend also you are seeing is, OE is going for more integrated offerings that are being three in 
one or five in one kind of offering where you just don't have a motor or MCU, but you have 
other drive part, value chains also embedded in one system. From your interaction, is that a 
limitation for us or if I have to look at as doing more? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, we are already making a three-in-one also, two-in-one also. Depending on the customer 
requirements, we make everything. We can make along integrated with the controller, with the 
gearbox, we can give without, we can give with motor and gearbox together. So, multiple 
combinations are there. It depends on the customer's requirements and the way he has designed 
his vehicle. So, it all changes with the configuration of the vehicle. So, we are completely 
geared up for all kinds of supplies. 
Viraj: 
Just a few more questions on the precision engineered products. Can you give some 
perspective, where is the product more concentrated in terms of application? If I look at the 
business profile of the two subsidiaries, is it more towards fuel injection or the engine 
applications or is it more towards the transmission or the driveline? Any color you can give in 
that sense, it will help understand? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, it is spread all over the place. We are supplying for steering applications, we are 
supplying for gearing applications, we are supplying for breaking applications, we are 
supplying for seatbelt applications, we are supplying for trimming applications in the vehicle. 
Multiple applications are there. There are not one concentration of any particular application. 
These are all precision plastic injections moulded. They are agnostic to the kind of vehicles 
that are made, powertrains. And we do have some components which goes specifically into 
injection-related components, which are very small in nature. 
Viraj: 
So, to put it differently, if I look at product applications, where do you see most complexity 
and how are we positioned in that space? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, it is quite complex. Some of the components that we make for steering gear applications, 
some of them which we make for headlamp adjustment applications, etc., are very complex in 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
terms of its accuracies in this. And we are well placed, and we are already supplying to many 
of the Tier-1 manufacturers. 
Viraj: 
Just last question, I will come back in queue. If I look at the subsidiaries, right, can you explain 
what drives the high margins? Because if you look at other players like Kingfa and others, they 
make mid-teens kind of margins, even though they are being global players. So, just trying to 
understand the margin drivers for the subsidiary? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So, Viraj, you want me to give away such secrets in an open call? So, we are into niche 
segment. See, what is very important for you to understand is our products are going into very 
niche applications. It requires very high accuracy and precision. We put the capex ahead of 
time. We put capex, which are very specific and very, let me say, high accuracy output kind of 
an equipment. And that requires high precision. That is why we call high precision 
components. These components are finish-to-finish dimensions in one stroke. And so it 
requires a very high amount of accuracy. So, those kind of components, not many people in the 
country make it. And that is the reason why we call it precision components. And the mix of 
business and a mix of customers actually helps us to maintain our margins. It is not that one 
particular set of customers is giving us the margins. It is not like that. It is a mix of customers. 
We also supply to music industry. We supply to many other industries, which is different than 
automotive industry also. And those products also are being supplied by our injection 
moulding facilities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pradyumna Choudhary from JM 
Financial Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Yes, hi, sir. Congratulations on the good set of numbers. I just had 2-3 questions. First one, 
sorry, I missed, I got disconnected at the time of when you spoke about tariffs. So, can you just 
tell how much of revenue is coming from US and what could be the impact of the tariffs on our 
business? That is one. Second is, how do we, like, of course, we have been outperforming the 
industry growth due to the factors you mentioned. Is there some sense on how we expect this 
growth to continue going forward, like, can we sustain such outperformance and what could be 
the drivers for the same? And lastly, as some of our other acquired entities scale up in 
business, do we expect our consol profitability to come down a bit from our current levels? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, our consol profitability has grown here. It has not come down. There is no reason why it 
should come down, number one. Number two is, as far as our mix of customers in the export is 
concerned, as that is given already in our slide, you will see that, we have slide number 16 
gives that. But at the same time, it is important for me to state there that it is not concentrated. 
It is very well spread across the globe. And that really helps us to de-risk our business model, 
because any one region, if it is getting affected, we can always complement it by supplying to 
the other region. And we have a fairly good presence across OEMs as well as aftermarkets 
across the world. And another big advantage is, even within North America also, you will see 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
that we supply to not only the American region, but also to countries like Mexico, Brazil, and 
others, which is in a quite big manner. So, there is no reason why we should get worried at all 
by the tariff situation, number one. Number two, as it is also within the tariff situation, we 
don't see any major big impact coming to us relative to our other competition. So, that is the 
most important point. And that really helps us to maintain our customers and all our customers 
have reposed total faith in us in terms of our supplies. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Understood. And how do we expect the growth going forward? Can we continue the kind of 
outperformance we have been doing? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We are hoping to, and we are taking all the necessary steps to ensure that we are able to do 
that. So, I know, you can see the performance over the last 5 years, every quarter we have 
delivered to the numbers and done at least better than the market. Our aim is to ensure that we 
are able to outgrow the end markets. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Understood. Thank you and all the best. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thank you, Pradyumna. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Abhishek Kumar Jain from Alpha 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the strong set of numbers. My question on the cash 
in the balance sheet of the Company, we are looking for some acquisition as well. So, if you 
can throw some more light on these parts, sir? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thank you, Abhishek for the question. And yes, we do have, as you see, the balance sheet is 
quite strong and we want to ensure that we are doing quite well. We are working on number of 
areas to improve our leverage on the balance sheet. And I can tell you that we will continue 
our drive towards making SPRL a more multi-product franchise. And I think we are on a good 
way to that. So, our drive towards M&A will continue and we are looking at more 
opportunities. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
So, you are looking for opportunity in the auto or the non-auto side? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, it is like this. We are looking for automotive side. But if we get a partner who is also 
having non-auto business, so why not take that.  
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
And what would be the size, sir?  
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, we can't crystal gaze that at this stage. You can see what kind of leverage we have from 
the balance sheet and we will certainly see to it that we are able to leverage it quite well. 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
And in the EMFI side, so do you supply motors in CV only or will you enter into the two-
wheeler and four-wheeler space as well? And how much is that current capacity and what 
would be the incremental value for the new plant to start from September onwards? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, we supply to all the applications. There is nothing stopping us from any of the 
applications. The kind of machineries we have put in, the CAPEX that we have put in the new 
plant is primarily to cater to all segments of the market because we can't stay only with one 
segment of the market. We have to ensure that we are able to supply to all segments of the 
market. There are many customers of ours who are wanting the product to be sold within their 
product portfolio to ensure that we are supplying to all segments of the market that they market 
in. So, we want to be present in all of them. So, that is how we have built the new plant. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
So, once this plant will start from the September onwards, so what would be the peak revenue 
if the plant runs at a 100% capacity utilization? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, so we are not giving out these figures at this stage. But at the relevant time, we will 
certainly be diverging those numbers. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Thank you, sir. That is all for me. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nandan Pradhan from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Nandan Pradhan: 
Yes. So, we had initially called out that the plant would start by the end of Q4 and now it has 
been pushed to October. So, one is why has this delay been caused? And the second is once the 
plant ramps up, how long do you think it will take for it to reach its full capacity or optimal 
utilization? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Earlier, we had stated this, where we had said that we will start our operations in the new plant 
by the end of July. And now we have decided to combine our existing facility also into the new 
plant because we think that there will be synergies with regards to having our entire 
management bandwidth and everything. So, we are combining everything into a new plant as a 
result of which we ensure that we are able to build up the required area and bring both the 
existing plant and the new plant together in one location. That is the reason why it has got 
pushed to end September. But I think we are on a good way in terms of the existing facility is 
still operational and we will be ensuring that we shift at the right time once the multiple lines 
that we are putting up in the new facility are operational and up to speed, duly validated by the 
customers. So, it is important to state here that we are probably amongst the top few to have 
got the ICAT approval and the PM E-drive approval. So, it is important that all this work is 
done with all the due approvals so that customers are able to use the product very seamlessly 
and be able to get all the benefits that they are aiming to get for their end customers. 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Nandan Pradhan: 
Thank you, sir. And just a small follow-up, do you expect any one-offs during this transition 
where you halt operations at the old plant and everything gets shifted to the new Coimbatore 
plant? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No. Absolutely not. That is what I explained. That is why we have had to do it in such a way 
that it is able to complement each other. 
Nandan Pradhan: 
So, that answers my question. Thank you and all the very best. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thank you, Nandan. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Manik Bansal, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Manik Bansal: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, I just have a single question. Can you please share 
the trend of the piston prices over the past 2-3 years and how do you expect the piston prices to 
move in the near future?  
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So, piston, see what happens is piston prices are all linked to the overall prices of 
aluminum and metal prices, the way it moves, and mostly linked via the LME model. And 
what happens is we get compensation from our customers as the metal moves up or down, or 
we have to increase or decrease the prices based on that. So, it is all back-ended by that and 
there is no this thing. Only thing is we are able to recover our margins, and we are able to 
ensure that we are able to maintain our margins. That is what is most important here. So, I 
think, I hope I could at least give you some idea about this. 
Manik Bansal: 
But is there any product or segment they are passing on? Is there more of a challenge? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, there is nothing. Nothing like that. Because most of the contracts are all back-ended. 
Manik Bansal: 
And just last question, like if you can just give some light or color on the industrial growth that 
you are expecting on segment, like PV and CV mainly? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, see, if you really see, the end markets have grown only by around 1% in this quarter, 
right? And we have been able to grow by 9.8% to be exact. And this comes from ensuring that 
we are able to get into newer markets, newer segments of the business that I talked about in my 
speech that I gave earlier. And we have been able to enter into those segments and be able to 
supply to those. So, that is what has really brought in the growth. 
Manik Bansal: 
Thank you so much. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thanks, Manik. 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harsh, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Harsh: 
Yes. So, thank you for taking my question. I just wanted a clarification on the working capital. 
So, we employ roughly Rs. 1,000 odd crores in working capital. So, how much of that goes to 
aftermarket, particularly in terms of our receivables? And my second question is, you listed 
marine, railways and defense as sort of your automotive verticals. So, if you could just throw 
some light on what kind of opportunities are we seeing in these verticals? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So, first and foremost, I don't know where you got the figure of Rs. 1,000 crores as a 
working capital. You are talking about cash and bank? 
Harsh: 
No, so roughly Rs. 900-1000 odd crores of inventories and receivables, right, combined? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: You have to reduce the payables also, no? 
Harsh: 
Yes, I was just talking about the asset side. If you could just tell, particularly in terms of 
receivables, how much of those are originating from aftermarket? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, we don't give those kind of figures, but it is as per our norms. We have very clear norms 
in terms of our working capital, including finished goods and the kind of credit terms that we 
give to our customers. And it is all completely within norms. So, we don't see any major issue 
there. You can see it over the years, it has moved in the same band. 
Harsh: 
Yes, it has been largely in line of revenues. And on the marine and railways and defense, what 
sort of opportunities are you seeing? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: These are newer entry points for us. And those are areas where, it has multiple applications and 
we ensure that we are able to supply to the customers accordingly. 
Harsh: 
Thank you so much and congratulations on another good quarter. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, thank you, Harsh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Krishnakumar Srinivasan for closing remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Once again, thank you to everybody. Thanks a lot for joining and actively participating in the 
call today. We have had a very interesting questions today and I hope that we have been able 
to answer most of the questions. In case, you have any further queries, please do feel free to 
reach out to us. You can get in touch with our Investor Relation partners at Ernst & Young. On 
behalf of the Company, we again deeply appreciate your time and engagement. Thank you 
once again. Please take care and goodbye. Thanks a lot. 

 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining with us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. Some minor editing may have been done for better readability. In case of 
discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 4th August 2025 will 
prevail. 
