  
  
   
  
Our intensity. 
Your agility. 
Ref: ITL/SE/2025-26 
/28 
Date: August 19, 2025 
To, 
The Manager, 
The Manager 
Corporate Relation Department 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor; Plot No. C/1 
Dalal Street, Fort 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400001 
Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 532326 
Symbol: INTENTECH; 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In terms 
of Regulation 
30 
of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript 
of the Ql 
FY 2025-26 Earnings 
Conference Call held on August 14, 2025. 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website: https: //www.inl1Ostech.com/Investors 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Intense Technologies Limited 
Pratyusha Podugu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
  
Intense Technologies Limited 
Unit # 01, The Headquarters, 10th floor, Wing B, Orbit by Auro Realty, 
= ! 
Knowledge City, Raidurg, Hyderabad-500019, India 
nN 
S 
T: +91 40 45474621 
F: +9140 27819040 
E 
: info@inlOstech.com CIN - L30007TGI990PLCO1I510 
Our Global Offices 
: Dubai 
| Florida 
| London 
www.iniOstech.com 
 
PODUGU 
PRATYUSHA
Digitally signed by 
PODUGU PRATYUSHA 
Date: 2025.08.19 
11:04:41 +05'30'

InlOs* 
“Intense Technologies Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
August 14, 2025 
\ 
| al Os” 
PEE rsi 
cree 
> peel 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. C. K. SHASTRI— CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, INTENSE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Ms. ANISHA SHASTRI — EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
INTENSE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. JAYANT DWARKANATH — WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR, INTENSE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. NITIN SARDA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
INTENSE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SAKHI PANJIYARA — KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
Page 
1 of 12

InlOs” 
Moderator: 
Sakhi Panjiyara: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Intense Technologies Limited 
August 14, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '26 Results Conference Call of 
Intense Technologies Limited, hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited. 
As 
a reminder, 
all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sakhi Panjryara from Kirin Advisors Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to the conference call of Intense 
Technologies Limited. 
From management team, we have Mr. C. K. Shastri - Chairman and Managing Director, Ms. 
Anisha Shastri — Executive Director, Mr. Jayant Dwarkanath — Whole-Time Director, Mr. Nitin 
Sarda — Chief Financial Officer. 
Now, I hand over the call to Mr. C. K. Shastri for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Good afternoon, everyone, who is on the call. Thank you very much for taking time to spend 
time with us and know about Intense and its plans and goals and what we have performed in Q1. 
Though I would like to tell you all that it has been a mutual result, we did Rs. 31.47 crores with 
an EBITDA of Rs. 3.14 crores. 
There have been a lot of activity and buzz in the industry and in our company too. AI has been 
a big, big initiative which we have taken up, and we had to make some investments in that. And 
we have to also ramp up our growth plans and hence, you will hear the details of everything 
from Nitin and Anisha. 
All I could say is that we added four long-term logos to our list of customers. As you know that 
nowadays, most of the revenues are moving towards long-term. It is not immediate recognition. 
It goes on a SaaS model kind of a thing going forward. 
And I wish you all the best. Good wishes. Happy Independence Day tomorrow. And I hand over 
the thing to Anisha. She will brief you in detail on everything. 
Thank you so much, C. K. And thank you so much, everybody, for joining us in today's Q1. 
Anisha, probably you are to also give background of the company for new joinees. 
Page 2 of 12

InlOs” 
Anisha Shastri: 
Intense Technologies Limited 
August 14, 2025 
Sure. So, for those joining us for the first time, Intense is an AI platforms and services company. 
We deliver mission-critical products in communications, data, process automation spaces, 
predominantly to BFSI, telecoms and governments. 
We like to introduce ourselves as, whether you know us or not, we are already in your inbox in 
some way or the other. So, on a daily basis, we impact over a billion lives. Our platforms are 
tried, tested, trusted by Fortune 500 across four continents. 
Now coming to the current quarter. This quarter's performance both on top line and bottom line 
is below the same period last year. I would want to acknowledge that. Having said that, this is 
not unexpected, as we had also mentioned on the previous call. We had three contracts that were 
close to completion in the last year, three long-term contracts, two of which had the scope of 
being renewed and they were renewed at better rates. 
One contract, which was 
a large build, operate, transfer, managed services contract, that 
concluded in Q4 of last year. That contract used to contribute significantly both on our top line 
and our bottom line, especially in the first half of the year. It was a five-year contract. So, over 
the period of five years, we had also achieved significant automation efficiency. So, it was a 
healthy contributor to our bottom line as well. 
Having said that, we have made considerable efforts on building the pipe to compensate for this 
engagement. And I am happy to inform you that, you know, those efforts have been paying off. 
In the first quarter itself, we have already added four new BFSI customers, three in India, one in 
Saudi Arabia. And this is also our first customer acquisition in the Saudi geography. And as we 
all know, that geography is booming. And that is a place that we really want to be in. We also 
added two state government contracts for managed services. Those contracts are yet to fully 
commence. 
Last quarter, as in Q1, we are also happy to inform you that we were awarded two copyrights 
for our centralized communication platforms and our offerings. 
On the financial front, we concluded the first quarter, like C. K. said, with a 30.52 top line 
without other income and a 1.25 bottom line. The drop is a result of the successful transferring 
of our large value managed services engagement. 
However, we have been taking the right steps, the necessary steps to improve both on our top 
line and optimize on our bottom line. Our cash reserves remain healthy and we are a debt-free 
organization. 
On the sales front, from a hunting standpoint, it was an unprecedented quarter. We added four 
new BFSI customers, two in insurance, one in banking, and one NBFC. This was an outcome of 
Page 3 of 12

InlOs” 
Intense Technologies Limited 
August 14, 2025 
our investment in sales that we have been making over the last few quarters, if you have all been 
following us. We are also in last stages of a couple of government contracts. 
On the farming front, our farming efforts are also starting to pay off. We are seeing greater 
traction with our existing customers. You know, they have helped bridge a certain gap of the 
managed services contract. 
Our international sales have also been contributing significantly higher. So, last quarter, last 
year, we were at maybe a 82% India contribution and an 18% international contribution. In our 
Q1, that split has now moved to a 70% India and 30% international. 
We have been focusing our efforts on seeing how we can make our green shoots grow and our 
international markets pay off. And both have now started contributing healthily overall to our 
numbers. Our pipeline for the year also 
is healthy, both on the private sector as well as 
government. 
On the people front, we have been adopting AI company-wide to improve efficiency, the 
efficiency with which we deliver to our customers, build our products, etc. Our overall headcount 
has come down from 482 
last quarter to 452 this quarter. And optimization efforts are 
continuous. Now we use AI to ensure that we are delivering more optimally, more agilely, more 
efficiently. 
We did add additional people to overseas markets for billable engagements, which has increased 
our overall employee expense. But these are all against direct revenue billable opportunities. 
They are linked to those engagements. 
On the product front, over the past quarter, we have made significant strides in strengthening 
our platform capabilities. We successfully launched key upgrades to enhance our scalability, our 
integration flexibility, etc., making it easier for clients to adopt our platforms and expand usage. 
Generative AI, as well, is extremely well integrated into all our platforms nght now. These 
capabilities are enabling our customers, banks, insurers, the government, etc., to automate 
complex customer interactions, generate hyper-personalized content at scale, proactively resolve 
service needs without human intervention, per se. 
We have 
also 
introduced 
an Agentic 
AI upgrade, 
a module, 
to 
our overall UniServe 
communication suite, which enables our customers to engage with their customers with human- 
like empathy, but without the same commensurate expense. 
With all of these AI enhancements, our platform is moving from being a communication enabler 
to truly an intelligent engagement engine, setting a stage for higher value, more secure client 
relationships, and better customer experiences for their customers as well. 
Page 4 of 12

InlOs” 
Nitin Sarda: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Intense Technologies Limited 
August 14, 2025 
Our product roadmap remains on track. And with the upcoming releases that are planned for Q2, 
Q3 
as 
well, we 
are focused 
on, 
again, AlI-driven hyper-personalization within 
all 
our 
communications, irrespective of what channel. And this is positioning us strongly for a healthy 
adoption and a healthy engagement across, increased engagement across our existing customers 
as well. 
Overall, I would say while this quarter's numbers are muted and since we used to have a strong 
contributor to H1, and thus the H1 may be a little muted. Our fundamentals remain strong. Our 
strategy has not changed. We continue to be focused on what we set forth for ourselves in Project 
Butterfly, I would say, 5 quarters ago. And our market opportunity continues to expand. 
So, these strategic actions that we have been taking over the last three, four quarters will 
definitely create meaningful shareholder value. And we are extremely confident of delivering 
long-term sustainable growth. 
With that, Nitin, if you want to say anything, otherwise we can open it up to Q&A. 
I think we can open up the forum for questions. 
Okay. Thank you so much for joining us and Happy Independence Day in advance. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sumit Kothari, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Hi Anisha, Sumit here. I am very disappointed by the current quarter’s numbers and the margins 
being just 10%, operating margins that is. We have been talking about investing and seeing 
significant growth in future for the last probably two-three years now, but we have not seen any 
numbers till now. And now you have alluded to the fact that Q2 also may be a little weak and 
we may see significant growth from H2 onward. So, it will be really helpful if you can quantify, 
at least in that range, what kind of a growth are we looking at here in H2? 
Yes, Sumit. Thanks for your question. 
I completely understand. The H1 being muted, so our 
managed services contract that we handed over to our client, that used to contribute significantly 
in our H1. And our efforts, all the new logo additions, all the additional business that we are 
doing in H1 is kind of going towards covering up for that engagement. 
Having said that, I mean, we have been making investments in sales, as you know, over the last 
three quarters, and that is paying off. You are seeing the logo additions. And while logo additions 
in today's day and age don't contribute sizable numbers up front at once, but lifetime value of 
those customers, overall, it adds to our overall number. 
So, all I can say is we are very positive about our H2, and all the logos that we are adding now 
as well will start adding numbers to our H2 as well. 
Page 5 of 12

InlOs” 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Intense Technologies Limited 
August 14, 2025 
But it will be really helpful if you can give me a band of growth because as an investor who has 
been invested for the past decade now is losing our patience here because there has not been any 
significant growth here. And although we had some top-line growth last year, the margins were 
lower, so ultimately the profit was much lower. And the point of doing a call like this would be 
to give an investor a ballpark number in terms of growth. 
I know you said significant growth, and I agree with that, but if you can give me some kind of a 
percentage plan, like a top line, bottom line, and when can we get back to this 20% kind of 
EBITDA margins, which we had earlier, and the absolute top line growth in H2? 
Sure, Sumit. This is Nitin here. So, Sumit, as Anisha had mentioned, we have added four logos. 
So, just to quantify as to what it really brings on to the table in terms of numbers, these four 
logos along with the government deal that we have secured with the state government, so 
together this contributes about Rs. 12 crores to our pipeline, of which Rs. 1.40 crore has been 
invoiced and billed in Q1. So, whatever you see about Rs. 10.60 crores is what will get billed 
over the next two quarters. It also depends on the phase of delivery. 
Now, the whole idea is that now that we have added Rs. 12 crores, we hope to continue the same 
run rate even over the next three quarters as well. So, if we were to continue to that rate, continue 
that new logo additions and the new hunting business, we will just not fill the deficit that we 
have created by transferring a large managed services deal, but we will also be able to deliver a 
growth over year-on-year on the top line as well. 
But as you pointed out, the margins are stressed in Q1 to say that. And since that engagement is 
to contribute heavily, just to also give you a comparison, we had built up Rs. 12 crores in Q1 of 
last financial year vis-a-vis this particular when we had done about Rs. 39 crores of billing in 
Q1. We have been able to still deliver Rs. 30 crores of top line in absence of any large revenue 
managed services contract. 
So, this investment we have been making in sales will help us to generate this Rs. 10 crores to 
Rs. 12 crores of new logos additions over the year which will just not fill the deficit but also 
pose some growth. Right? 
Having said that, the margins in the short run, as Anisha has mentioned in H2, it was a high 
margin engagement because we have been delivering it over the past five years. And we had 
gotten significant efficiencies and automations there. So, the new business that we are adding 
on would not contribute to the same margin profile. But definitely we would see that coming 
back to the 15% to 20% in later half of the financial year. 
I hope I am able to give some sense and color to your query. 
Page 6 of 12

InlOs” 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Moderator: 
Nevin Francis: 
Intense Technologies Limited 
August 14, 2025 
Fine, it is reassuring that you are saying that we may go back to 15%, 20% operating margin in 
H2. And how about the top-line growth here, Nitin? Like, margin is one thing, but how about 
the top-line growth here? 
No, like I mentioned, the top line, since we will continue to add more logos going forward 
quarter-on-quarter, so we would just not be able to fill in the deficit, but also growth. So, maybe 
another 10% to 15% growth looks realistic, possible at this time, because we have got certain 
engagements which are in the advanced stages of our pipeline, which we would not want to 
comment at this poit in time as an upside. But if those words who come through, yes, we will 
be able to also project some decent growth in our top line as well. 
So, you are saying that we will be having something like a 10%, 15% kind of a top line growth 
over FY '25, if I understood that correctly? 
Yes. 
So, you are saying, Nitin, that FY '26 growth will be 10% to 15% and year-end margins will be 
closer to 20%. Correct? Is that right assessment here? 
Overall, see, if you also aggregate Q and average out Q, H1 and H2, it might not come to those 
percentages, but in the later half of the year, we definitely... 
Yes, that is why I said the exit margins. That is why I said the exit margins, not the overall 
margins. Fine, got my answer. And Nitin, what is the current debtors and cash on books as of 
date? 
We have about Rs. 58 crores as cash balance, Sumit. And we have about Rs. 65 crores of 
receivables as of June, of which we have collected around Rs. 12 crores. So, we have about Rs. 
53 crores of receivables due, coming from my previous quarter. 
Fine. That is it from my end. 
The next question is from the line of Nevin Francis from an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Hi, Anisha. Congratulations on getting the copyrights and bagging new logos. You mentioned 
about the increase in the overseas contracts mix to about 30% currently. So, we are just starting 
exploring avenues on the international side. If you look at our top line and 30% of that 1s peanuts 
when you compared to the opportunity over there. 
My specific question was on the overseas engagements of customers, what is the margin profile 
compared to an Indian customer? Is it margin-accretive? We have better margins there? And the 
second question is, what is the delivery model? Are these billable resources based out of India? 
And will they deliver from India? And we can bill in, say, U.S. dollars on a US. client? 
Page 7 of 12

InlOs” 
Anisha Shastri: 
Nevin Francis: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Nevin Francis: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Nevin Francis: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Intense Technologies Limited 
August 14, 2025 
So, thanks for your question. So, it depends from engagement to engagement. Like for example, 
some engagements in Middle East, they want people to be onshore delivering from there. Those 
margin profiles are different when compared to people who deliver from India. But having said 
that, in general, margins across our international engagements are much better than Indian 
engagements. 
And as a company, the strategy for our international business will be to have a higher portion of 
delivery from India from a margin perspective? 
Yes. Again, it depends on the type of engagement. If it is platform deliveries, like, what, of our 
core platforms, then most of it will be handled in India with just maybe one or two people over 
there for client stakeholder management. If it is managed services, then depending on the nature 
of that contract and that engagement, customers may want people to be overseas or work from 
India. 
My next question was about the incremental business we are doing. Are we selling it on a SaaS 
model or on a license model? And are you seeing as a company, it is a strategy to increase the 
revenue from the recurring SaaS model compared to a licensed model? And if yes, will that have 
a temporary impact on our kind of revenue run rate? Because when you sell a license, you get 
upfront revenue once in one go, whereas if it is a SaaS model, it is more sticky, but we have to 
recognize it ratably over the period of the contract. 
That is right. That's a good question. In fact, in the four customers that we closed in Q1, two 
contracts we closed on annual recurring engagements, and two contracts were closed on upfront 
license engagements. 
Our aim is to get to recurring engagements, and even if they are upfront license engagements, 
then term-based engagements, which means this is valid for a period of five years, which 
essentially, again, eventually becomes a recurring engagement in some sense, right? 
So, our goal 
is to get to 
a more recurring engagement kind of a model so that we have 
predictability. But the industry as such and even competition and the customers, people in our 
space are used to the more license-based approach. 
Our ambition is to focus on SaaS. We could convince few customers in Europe, one customer 
in Europe and a couple of three, four customers in India, the large PSU which we have. The 
point is that because of the volumes which we process and the growth at which the B2C market 
is growing, they would prefer a license model because it makes financial sense for them. 
Yes, from a client perspective, it is a CAPEX versus OPEX kind of thing, right? So, I mean, 
currently... 
Yes. 
Page 8 of 12

InlOs” 
Nevin Francis: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Nevin Francis: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Intense Technologies Limited 
August 14, 2025 
All right. If I can ask one more question? 
Sure. 
So, broadly, we have such wonderful logos on our list. In the investor presentation, thank you 
for being so clear on the additional logos and what we have as customer base. My specific 
question is, as part of Project Butterfly, there was this plan to increase the average revenue per 
customer, which means we will cross-sell more to the existing customers and create more 
opportunities. 
From an execution point, how are we actually going about it? Are we offering any new products 
or solutions to the customers? Or if a customer is currently using, say, a license for 1,000 users, 
when we are selling a SaaS model, are we planning to sell it for an unlimited user agreement? 
From your perspective, how are you going to execute on increasing this average revenue share 
per customer? 
That is a good question again. So, earlier we used to only sell a single module of ours called 
UniServe 360, which is used by most large private banks, insurances in the country. We have 
expanded our overall communications offering right now to about five different modules, 
covering everything from design to deciding who receives what, when, to the final delivery of 
the messages. And we have integrated all of that as modules of our overall platform. 
So, number one, that opens up cross-sell opportunities of these additional modules to our existing 
customers. 
Second, we provide services to manage their overall customer engagement as well. So, we 
manage their operations, we manage their billing cycles, etc. So, that is the second way. 
Third is over the period of time, over the period of the last three decades, we have built strong 
data management capabilities in-house, which erstwhile we used to just provide it as part of an 
integration or an implementation. 
Today, we sell that also as a separate service. And we have also partnered with organizations 
like, for instance, like AWS and other upstream, downstream kind of platforms as well to cross- 
sell them as well. 
So, this gives us opportunities of, say, cloud migration, for mstance. Or 
it gives us the 
opportunity of, we do this piece, and now the next step you will need is this. So, you know, take 
this partner product. So, that is how we have increased on the number of offerings in both product 
and service that we can sell to our existing customers. 
And we are seeing significant growth in our revenue from our existing customers compared to 
the hunting one. 
Page 9 of 12

InlOs” 
Nevin Francis: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Intense Technologies Limited 
August 14, 2025 
Thank you so much for your elaborate answers. I am very clear. Just one request. If you have 
not finalized the annual report in terms of your management commentary, any more color on 
how we are evolving in terms of metrics, in terms of numbers would be very good. Charts 
explaining how we evolved as a company, the mix of SaaS versus the license, the mix of overseas 
versus domestic, so all these things, it would be good to position it properly to the investors on 
an annual report. So, wish you all the best. 
Sure. 
The next question is from the line of Dhanraj Tolani, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
So, [have a couple of questions with me. I will just start with the first one. So, can you elaborate 
on the size and the stage of the current deal pipeline? 
I am saying, can you elaborate on the size and the stage of the current deal pipeline? 
You are saying of the overall pipeline? 
Yes, current deal pipeline. 
So, of what we have currently in terms of closure, which we will be able to bill over a period of 
time, but what we closed in Q1 was close to the tune of about Rs. 12 crores, and that will get 
recognized over a period. And the remaining pipeline also is healthy and should help us get to 
our numbers above last year's numbers. 
Connected with this question, how quickly can you commercialize the Agentic AI and GenAI 
use cases with your development? 
Our Agentic module, for instance, you can deploy use cases in as less as a week. We have built 
powerful capabilities where we can just read through websites or read through documents and 
we have created SLMs for different industries, for banking, for insurance, etc. So, it can be 
commissioned in as less as a week, the Agentic module. 
She is saying that we are adding pipeline to the same. 
So, how do we plan to monetize this AI-driven digital communication hub? 
So, the marketing communication hub, again, there are different modules. The Agentic piece is 
per interaction kind of an engagement. The marketing automation piece is a monthly recurring 
amount for a limited number of transactions above which then they pay additional. And the 
connect piece, which is sending out the last mile delivery, is again a per transaction engagement. 
Our designer and centralized hub are license-based engagements, term license. 
Page 10 of 12

InlOs” 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Dhanraj Tolani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Shubham Mukherje: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Shubham Mukherje: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Shubham Mukherje: 
Intense Technologies Limited 
August 14, 2025 
So, with this recent Al-led initiative, how has been the company's cost structure about that? 
I would say it has significantly improved. Like we mentioned, you know, last quarter we were 
able to optimize about, I think, 30 or 40 folks. And this is purely because of how much AI is 
enabling us now to automate code writing, testing, operations management, etc. 
One last question from my side. So, are we seeing any increased competition in the CEP class 
and low-code platform space? 
There definitely is. And especially for the low-code platform, Generative AI is also one of the 
biggest competitors, 
I would say, in that space. And while we have incorporated significant 
Generative AI capabilities to our platform as well, but engineering as a philosophy or as a 
method is changing soon. So, on that front, we do see. 
On our communications platforms, while we do have competition for each of the modules, we 
don't see competition of anybody doing the overall end-to-end the way we do in our space. For 
individual modules, there will be competitors, but people covering the entire gamut of customer 
engagement from design to delivery, we don't see any one player doing that. 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Mukherje, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
My question is on the insider ownership. It is kind of on the lower side of the spectrum. Any 
plans of sort of maybe influencing that? 
This long legacy to give you that thing, you know, in fact, I have been, myself and Tikam Sujan 
are the two promoters in the group, and we have consistently been increasing our, I had 7 lakh 
shares, it’s gone up to 28 lakh shares. And you know that promoters are not eligible for stock 
options. So, definitely the belief is there. We have been here for two decades plus. And as and 
when... 
I think we have lost C. K., but we have been consistently increasing promoter's stake as and 
when we can, and we will continue to. 
Is there any plan of an investor road show or anything to improve the visibility of the company 
now that you are really trying to go global in terms of your clientele? 
Yes. In fact, we do road shows every quarter and Kirin has been organizing them for us. We will 
invite you on our next one. 
And the final question is just around the guidance of this year. So, if I have to conclude, it is 
around 10% to 15% is a safe assumption on the top line? 
Page 11 of 12

InlOs” 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Aditi Roy: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Aditi Roy: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Aditi Roy: 
Moderator: 
Vinod Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Vinod Shah: 
Moderator: 
Sakhi Panjiyara: 
Nitin Sarda: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Intense Technologies Limited 
August 14, 2025 
Yes. 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Roy, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Hi, this 
is Aditi Roy. So, 
I have two questions. Are there any upcoming large projects in 
advanced negotiation stages? 
I wouldn't say negotiation, but yes, they are there in 30%, 40% stages. 
And how much of R&D spend is allocated to AI and platform intelligence this year? 
Overall, across our entire portfolio, maybe 7%, 8% to top line. 
That's all from my side. 
The next question is from the line of Vinod Shah, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
I just have one quick question. Are there any upcoming large projects in advanced negotiation 
stages? 
We just discussed this. Yes, there are conversations. 
I would not say in advanced stages, but 
30%, 40% stages. 
That's all. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Ms. Sakhi Panjiyara for closing comments. 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of Intense Technologies Limited. If you 
have any queries, you can write to us at research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank you for 
joining the conference call. Thank you, C. K. sir. Thank you, Anisha ma’am. Thank you, Jayant 
sir. Thank you, Nitin sir. Thank you, everyone. Have a good day. 
Thank you, Kirin. 
Thank you. You too have a good day. 
Have a good day. Bye-bye. 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 12 of 12
