Date: August 22, 2025 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Scrip Symbol: PIGL 
To, 
BSE Limited 
 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543912 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter ended on June 30, 2025. 
In furtherance to our Intimation of Earnings Conference Call dated August 13, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the Transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call held in connection with the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) of the Company for the First Quarter ended on June 30, 2025 held on Wednesday, 
August 20, 2025, is enclosed and is also available on the website of the Company. 
We request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours truly,  
For, Power and Instrumentation (Gujarat)Limited 
_______________________________ 
Maunishkumar Gandhi 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
Mem. No. A48832 
MAUNISHKUM
AR 
SANATKUMAR 
GANDHI
Digitally signed by MAUNISHKUMAR 
SANATKUMAR GANDHI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=383430, 
l=Sabarkantha, st=Gujarat, street=Sabarkantha, 
Gujarat - 383430, 
2.5.4.20=8346d590c2bb71a66ad14047a9be3f8
36b3bd87c3150f284a85d39973a81c47a, 
serialNumber=97ccf1935f3fb2738f7b6971287f1
3dd3a763b3b5fe02fc01c6aa6c4a3b08cff, 
email=maunish.gandhi@yahoo.co.in, 
cn=MAUNISHKUMAR SANATKUMAR GANDHI 
Date: 2025.08.22 13:59:34 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
“Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 20, 2025 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PADMARAJ PILLAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
POWER & INSTRUMENTATION (GUJARAT) LIMITED 
 
MR. ROHIT MAHESHWARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– POWER & INSTRUMENTATION (GUJARAT) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ASHVATH RAJAN – ARIHANT CAPITAL MARKETS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Arihant Capital Markets Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, 
please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashvath Rajan from Arihant Capital Markets. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Ashvath Rajan: 
Good afternoon, participants. I on behalf of Arihant Capital is delighted to host Power & 
Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited for the Q1 FY '26 conference call. Today from the 
management's end, we have Mr. Padmaraj Pillai, Managing Director, Mr. Rohit Maheshwari, 
Chief Financial Officer. And without any further ado, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. 
Padmaraj Pillai for opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Thank you, Mr. Ashvath Rajan. Greetings to everyone. Thank you for joining us on this earning 
call to discuss the performance of Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited for the first 
quarter of FY '26. It gives me great pleasure to present our performance for the first quarter of 
FY '26. 
 
We have begun this year on a very strong note, recording a 14.18% year-on-year growth in the 
net profit. This performance reflects the continuous resilience of our business model, the strength 
of our execution capabilities, and the trust we build in our clients across diverse sectors. This 
quarter also is special as it coincides with the celebration of 50 years of Power & Instrumentation 
(Gujarat) Limited. 
 
Since our inception in 1975, we have evolved into a trusted name in the EPC industry with a 
proven track record in delivering turnkey projects for substation power distribution systems, 
industrial electrification, and specialized infrastructure projects. Five decades of consistent 
performance and technical excellence have laid a very strong foundation for the next phase of our 
growth journey. 
 
During the first quarter, we secured several significant contracts that highlight our technical 
capabilities and our successful strategy of diversifying into high-impact sectors. We secured an 
80.24 lakh contract from Godrej & Boyce Manufacturing Company for a specialized work at 
Khavda Project. Most notably, we secured six contracts worth about INR57.89 crores from Nyati 
Engineers & Consultants Private Limited for Udaipur Airport Project. This prestigious 
assignment, which involves the supply installation and testing of critical electrical systems for 
airports, is a major step in diversifying our portfolio into aviation-linked infrastructure segment, 
which is rapidly in growing demand. 
 
Building on this momentum, we are also delighted to announce a significant new order worth 
INR70.55 crores from Ajmer Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited under the Revamped Distribution 
Sector Scheme RDSS in Rajasthan. This project involves critical upgrades to power distribution 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
infrastructure and positions to play an important role in the national identification efforts under 
the key central government schemes. 
 
Together, these recent wins for the Udaipur Airport and RDSS project demonstrate our ability to 
secure and execute large-scale time-bound projects in both aviation-linked and government-
backed infrastructure. These are two of the fastest-growing and highest-impact sectors in India's 
ongoing infrastructure build-out. We are operating at a time when India's energy and infrastructure 
landscape is undergoing rapid and historic transformation. 
 
India currently stands at the third-largest producer and consumer of electricity globally with an 
installed capacity of over 466 gigawatts. While this is a significant achievement, demand 
continues to outspace supply due to rising urbanization, industrialization, and increased per capita 
electricity consumption. Looking ahead, the sector presents a multi-decade investment 
opportunity. 
 
Over INR40 lakh crores is to be invested in the power sector over the next 10 years, supported by 
expanding aviation infrastructure with airports set to invest over INR60,000 crores by FY '27, 
including multiple new terminal projects, Revamped Central Distribution Scheme programs such 
as RDSS, which are transforming the power distribution networks to enhance efficiency and 
reliability, integrated power distribution scheme with an outlay of around INR30,000 crores, 
focused on strengthening urban distribution infrastructure, underground cabling, and IT 
enablement. 
 
Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana with INR43,033 crores allocation targeting feeder 
separation, rural electrification, and metering to ensure 24x7 power in the villages. The need for 
robust extra high-voltage transmission network to support the integration of renewable energy and 
meet the rising demand across the country. 
 
The shift from the conventional to renewable and hybrid power system, including large-scale 
projects such as (Gujarat) Hybrid Renewable Energy Park. We believe PIGL is uniquely 
positioned to contribute meaningfully to this transformation given our strong execution record in 
electrification, transmission, and specialized EPC projects. 
 
Consulted in Financial Performance Highlights, Q1 Financial FY '26, our consolidated total 
income stood at INR41.55 crores, raising a robust year-on-growth of 59.83%, EBITDA grew by 
17.36%, to INR4.28 crores, while the net profit surged by 40.18 to INR2.62 crores. 
 
The strategy priorities for FY '26 deepen the presence in central electrification programs like 
RDSS, which provide multi-year visibility and scale, strengthen our presence in aviation 
electrification by leveraging timely execution at Udaipur airport and actively pursuing upcoming 
airport opportunities, advance capabilities in extra high-voltage transmission projects following 
our debut in the 400 kV segment, invest in the digital project management tools, R&D, strategic 
partnership with OEMs to deliver integrated EPC solutions, expand selectively into high-potential 
geographies such as eastern and northeastern India. 
 
As we celebrate 50 years of operations, we are using this milestone as a springboard to scale 
further and create lasting value for all the stakeholders. Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Limited is ready to play a central role in India's evolving power sector and infrastructure build-
out, contributing real value where it matters the most. On behalf of my entire management team, 
I want to thank all my employees, clients, partners, shareholders, for your continuous support and 
trust. 
 
I especially wish to thank, as on-date, Arihant for arranging this call. With now, I leave the floor 
open for any questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Paras Chheda from Purpleone Vertex Ventures LLP. Please go ahead. 
Paras Chheda: 
Thank you, sir, for this opportunity and congratulations for the strong set of results for Q1. Now, 
for this year, you know, I mean, probably in terms of guidance, we are looking at, if I'm not wrong, 
about 50% growth compared to last year. My question was with regards to EBITDA margins. 
 
For the Q1, the margins have been a little bit somber compared to the last year corresponding 
quarter. But on an average, for the full year, should we expect about 10% double-digit margin that 
is there, at least for the last couple of years? That's question one on the margins. 
 
And in terms of our acquisition of a majority stake in Peaton, what kind of value can that generate 
in terms of manufacturing products, electrical products that we are targeting? That's one. And any 
further progress on the solar EPC contracts or EHV contracts for now? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Okay, I'll start one by one. The first question I think that you asked me was regarding the EBITDA 
and the PAT, if I'm not wrong. So, I would put it this way that, yes, definitely the quarter one had 
a certain impact. Actually, see, the ratio of our work, it is against supply and installation. There 
are two portions to it, basically. 
 
So, when we do the supply, there's a certain portion of the profit that gets, I mean, released, and 
then there's a certain portion of it which is against the installation part. Normally, the installation 
part has a higher margin as compared to the supply portion, which is a very normal trend in the 
industry. So, based on that, because that is when, you know, when you look at the consol figures 
at the end of the year, you will see that, you know, the first quarter, the second quarter may have, 
because these are the quarters when there are a lot of supplies that will keep on happening. And 
then the installation starts. 
 
Like, for example, this quarter that we're talking about, probably because of the rain, I mean, a lot 
of installation would have gone slow. I mean, across the country, I mean, the rains are going on 
for the last two months. So the outdoor jobs would actually slow down a little. And these kind of 
things do happen. But then you would look at the consol numbers at the end of the year, you will 
see that we will be improving it as far as the last year was concerned. And we'll remain consistent 
and the performance you will see at the end of the year. Coming to question number two. 
Paras Chheda: 
And just on the revenue, 50% is what we're targeting. Is that correct? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, absolutely. That's what... 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
Paras Chheda: 
And that's achievable now… 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Absolutely. Absolutely. No, no, no. Absolutely. Absolutely. We are absolutely in line for it. We've 
absolutely planned everything. Where is it going to come from? Which project is going to give us 
what? Everything is there. I mean, the plan is absolutely in line. And we had already anticipated 
this two months of slowdown because of the rains and everything. Because this happens every 
year, year-on-year. Yes, so this has been a trend in the industry. 
 
And we're very, very sure and very comfortably placed to execute the numbers what we are 
anticipating. And we see that at the end of the year. So that is not going to be any kind of a hurdle 
that I see as far as things are moving, I mean. 
 
Coming back to the next question. I think it was regarding the acquisition of Peaton. So coming 
to the acquisition of Peaton, see Peaton basically is a manufacturing company which is into 
manufacturing of all kinds of low voltage, high voltage panels, compact substations, and also into 
the last developmental phase of the compact busway systems. 
 
So basically, the acquisition got a little delayed, but the paperwork is going on, I think, should be 
done very soon, should be completed very soon. And what we envisage with acquiring Peaton is 
that we will be able to provide certain clients, like our aviation industry with a full solution. 
Because, like, last year, we took the license from Siemens for manufacturing the co-branded 
panels. 
 
We've tied up with Rittal Germany. And I said, my bus ducts are right in place. So I think all this 
together, we can offer as a complete solution. Like if you see, like, particularly if I'm talking about 
the aviation industry, I mean, the new recent list of approved makes which have come out, they've 
approved us in all categories of panels. They've approved us in the hybrid APFC. They've 
approved us in the bus ducts. 
 
So, you know, already that approval and everything that has been already worked out. So it's just 
a matter of time. Once this is over, you will see a lot of contribution coming in from Peaton. I 
mean, and see, the manufacturing sector is also growing. And more so ever, in the electrical field 
right now, I mean, if you look across the sector, I mean, all of the manufacturers are placing, I 
mean, like they're facing the problem of expansion. So we've already planned those things. 
 
I mean, we have our infra in place. So, we think it is a beautiful thing of acquiring. And we think 
that we'll be able to deliver much better. So just give us some more time. You will see what is 
going to happen. 
Paras Chheda: 
So, on the commencement of operation, sorry, because I'm new to this company in general, we 
have fully acquired Peaton, is it? And how much have we acquired Peaton for now? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
60%. 
Paras Chheda: 
Oh, okay. So 60% for now. So we're consolidating our results. And in general, the orders for 
Peaton will, so I mean, obviously it will be already operational, but the order flow will increase 
or how are we looking at it, I mean? 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, the order flow will increase because if you will look at the order flow right now also, I mean, 
post the license from Siemens, we've got a couple of orders, we are banging on now, a couple of 
orders from the other airports also. So Peaton is basically has been approved in almost all the 
government organizations. And so we're looking at it like, the way the infrastructure is growing 
and the space is growing and we are adding to products. 
 
We are also in discussion with a couple of companies for tie-ups and everything. So all those 
things are lined up. So we are keeping, I mean, while the paperwork is going on, we are already 
working on the things where we'll be, by the time the paperwork will be over, we'll be in a position 
to straight away, take advantage of the situation. 
Paras Chheda: 
And when do you anticipate the paperwork will be done for Peaton? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
I think maybe in a month's time or so.  
Paras Chheda: 
Okay. About a month or so. Yes. I guess on the EHV space, any interesting… 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes. Again, on the EHV space, I mean, we have bidded for a couple of tenders. In fact, I was just, 
in fact, I just finished off one of my meetings and I'm just out of that meeting. So, I mean, we are 
very keen to enter this space. So one of the small projects that we sold, we successfully executed 
the same. And now we're looking at a larger size of the system. 
 
So, we are already quoting for a couple of private entities. We are also in discussion with 
PowerGrid. And there are a couple of tenders which have already been quoted. So let us be hopeful 
that this quarter sees some kind of attraction. I mean, like a positioning in that sector too. 
Paras Chheda: 
And just for now, as of now, our un-executed order book would be about, what? Un-executed 
would be about INR300 crores- INR400 crores? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, it's about INR400 crores. 
Paras Chheda: 
Okay. And the bid value has gone up to 500 or? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, it's about approximately bid value. I think it's about 390 to 415 or something. Something in 
that range. About INR400 crores. 
Paras Chheda: 
Right. Understood. I mean, just this last query from our side, going forward, I mean, and there are 
various verticals that we are operating. Where do you see the maximum growth coming from? I 
mean, here too, I am personally bullish. But, I mean, in general, your thoughts on where the 
maximum growth for our company to come from? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
No, I'll tell you, I'll tell you. This is a very simplified answer to this question. Is that basically, 
see, EPC business thrives on credentials of the company, basically. Now, see, right now, as you 
see, the entire infra is bullish right now. I mean, every place there is work that is happening. But 
what happens is that, after a certain time certain sectors still remain growing. Certain sectors have 
a slowdown. 
 
So, we have always strategically invested in the point where we have always said that all the 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
segments are equally important. We have been growing every year into a different sector but we 
have not left any of the sectors. Like, for example, if you would look at the portfolio that I have 
got, I mean, against that, if you look at the portfolio of a lot of my peers or my competitors, you 
will realize one thing that probably they are doing EHV, they are doing only EHV.  
If they are doing, I mean, like, the RDSS, they are doing only RDSS. If they are in the building 
segment, they are only doing building segment. We are not stopping ourselves. What we are doing 
is that internally we are creating verticals, we are creating people, we are putting people 
responsible for each of the verticals and trying to add on new verticals every year.  
Because we don't want that when certain space slow down, we don't want our pace to be slowed 
down. So, that is the only reason why I am looking at all the sectors as equally important. So, if I 
am entering one sector… 
Paras Chheda: 
That means you are diversifying, basically… 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, but it remains in the same space of electricity. We are not moving anywhere away from it, 
like, I am not getting into a building construction. 
Paras Chheda: 
Yes, in a domain itself. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, the domain remains the same, but the vertical is like, okay, I was doing the building, from 
there I moved into the 33 KV segment, then I moved into the 63 KV segment, now we have done 
a 400 KV job, now we are looking at 130 KV to 220 KV switch yard. So, you know, that will be 
an additional thing.  
Then, you know, what we try to do is that once we have that four verticals in order, then we look 
at, which is the most beneficial. So, then, you know, we balance our thing. Because every five 
years, the credentials are going to die. So, every five years, you need to have your credentials in 
order. Otherwise, one of the segments will be left out.  
Like, I know a lot of my competitors who entered another segment and now they are not available 
in the first segment. So, tomorrow morning, if that segment goes a little down, you will not be 
there in the first segment at all. 
Paras Chheda: 
Right. So, the idea is to stay diversified within the current domain. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Same domain. And, explore the full possibility of encashing whatever is happening in the market 
right now. 
Paras Chheda: 
Right. Yes. And generally now we are targeting, INR300 crores to INR350 crores kind of size of 
tenders, it seems. But for now, what is the largest tender size that we have bid for?  
Padmaraj Pillai: 
163.  
Paras Chheda: 
Okay. Understood. Fair enough. I'll come back in a few. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mayank Saraf, an individual investor. Please 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
go ahead. 
Mayank Saraf: 
First of all, congratulations for a great set of numbers and delivering above your guidance I see.  
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Thank you so much.  
Mayank Saraf: 
I have a couple of questions. First is, like, what is the visibility of the order book, like, going ahead 
for the next year? And if I talk about, like, March 26th, what is the visibility? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So, what I presume is what we're trying to do is that, we should have double the amount of 
whatever closing we're doing. So what we're looking at is that, let's say, if you're closing at 100, 
the order in hand should be about 200. So we are in a comfortable position, to keep on bidding. 
So that the pressure of the work not being there with us should not come to any stage.  
So I think by March 26th, whatever figures we are going to achieve, I think we'll have double the 
amount of the order with us in hand by that time. So that's what we're planning. 
Mayank Saraf: 
Yes, nice. And when will we be eligible for the INR300 crore, like, bidding? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
See, I have, I'm almost there. I'm almost there. Maybe, like, even if something like, because we 
have done a couple of tie-ups in the last couple of months, wherein, we can use the credentials of 
somebody in JV and we can quote for those kind of tenders. So that eligibility thing, which I was 
wanting to achieve in terms of my own, would come in another six months' time. But then if there 
is any opportunity available, I'm quite ready to bid for it because I've already got my tie-ups in 
order. 
Mayank Saraf: 
That's great. And, like, the tenders right now that we have bid in, what is the timeline? Like, when 
will these orders get finalized? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So, see, what has happened is, basically, there is, I mean, like, due to, I mean, elections, due to all 
these things now, there is a tendency of tenders to be, I mean, the late opening of the tenders. Then 
again, March, April, you see a lot of transfers happening and all that. So this is the quarter, I think, 
probably we're looking at the opening of the tenders.  
So probably by this quarter, I mean, a couple of them should be opening up. And the balance 
should be in the next quarter. Because the first three months, four months, normally in 
government, what happens is, post-March, there are a lot of transfers, there are a lot of promotions 
and a lot of moving here and there. And then this time, the Gram Panchayat elections were there 
in a couple of states and everything.  
So once that happens, the achar sanhita, what we call and they have to, I mean, like, they cannot 
open any tenders or anything like that. So I think probably all these things should start in this 
quarter. 
Mayank Saraf: 
Okay. Thank you so much and wishing you all the best and looking forward to seeing you in one 
of the bigger tenders soon. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Absolutely. Thank you, Mayank ji. Thank you so much. 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Paras Chheda with Purpleone Vertex 
Ventures LLP. Please go ahead. 
Paras Chheda: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. Sir, currently, what are our receivable dates? I mean, so last year, they went 
up to, it seems, four months. What would we normally assume on an average for, let's say, this 
year or the way it is panning out? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
I think it's about, if I'm not wrong, it's about 80 days or something odd, which we are really thriving 
hard to, reduce it to, I mean, maybe about... 
Paras Chheda: 
This is on an average, you're saying, is it? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, on average. 
Paras Chheda: 
Receivables? Because that will be a substantial decline from the last couple of years that we've 
seen. So far, we've not seen 80 days, I mean. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, but then we, I think right now, just a second. Rohit, what is the receivable right now, average? 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
Sir, as on 30th June 2025, the receivable days is coming to, days are coming to 87 days. And for 
the last quarter, previous quarter, that is ending on March 2025, the receivable days was 
approximately of 90 days only. 
Paras Chheda: 
Okay. So, at the moment, we are sort of slightly lower than the last quarter that we saw. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, yes.  
Rohit Maheshwari: 
And by 2, 3, 5 days. If you see the numbers, sir. Actually what happens, you see the closing 
balance of receivables with the sales figure. But if you see on a quarter to quarter basis, it will be 
coming to 90 days or below 90 days only. Because if you see the last quarter sales, and if you see 
the returns figure, so it is almost lesser than that amount. 
Paras Chheda: 
Right. Right. Understood. And also, sir, wanted to understand, because, the good thing is you've 
got a quite a solid order book and there will be further wins also. So, the way we progress, I think 
at some point we will need working capital. Right? So, are we looking to explore raising fresh 
prep money or this would be mostly debt-driven then? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
No, right now -- see, right now, we're not focusing on that part of it because I think the accruals 
that we have, or the last fundraising that we did, and plus, I mean, the way we are trying to improve 
our numbers, I mean, like in terms of like reducing the receivable time, I think I would be 
positioned right now to do what I'm expecting this year. Let's see what's for the next year. And if 
we have something that builds up on it or something that we come up with, or an Ace up a sleeve, 
a new one, let's see if we need something. But otherwise, I think the internal accruals would be 
enough. 
Paras Chheda: 
So, this year at least is done maybe and some part of next year also will be managed from internal 
accruals? 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, I think so. 
Paras Chheda: 
Okay. And sir, currently, what is the debt on our balance sheet? I mean, broadly, there is limited 
debt, but just for the sake of it, numbers, I mean. 
Management: 
So, as far as dates are concerned, sir, we have only debt of around INR15 crores as on date on our 
books. Rest has been in form of non-fund facilities, like bank guarantees and letter of credit. 
Paras Chheda: 
Right. So, that's within this INR15 crores includes long term and short term, both? 
Management: 
Yes, both. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ashvath Rajan from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. 
Ashvath Rajan: 
Congratulations on good results. My question was specifically on our margins. We saw some 
decline on it. I just wanted to understand the forward trajectory. What do we see in the coming 
quarters? And if you could also elaborate for the entire year? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
I mean, as you're comparing to -- your comparison to is what? I mean, the quarter 1 of '25 to 
quarter 1 of '26 or you're talking about the closing of '26 or '25? 
Ashvath Rajan: 
It's both. I'm looking -- I'm going through your presentation for quarter 1. So, if you could just 
give me on the quarterly basis, next few quarters, do we see the margins remaining at similar 
levels or how do we see the trajectory going forward? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Ashvathji, as I told -- I was just telling Mr. Chheda also. See, what happens is that the first two 
quarters, normally, it is a lot of supply that happens. And then the last, the third and the fourth 
quarter normally gets into the full-fledged execution part of it or the execution billing starts from 
that. So, what happens is that when the execution happens, that is when the major margin gets 
released because on the supply portion, normally the margins are lesser as compared to the 
execution part.  
And as you know that the orders are also split into two parts, supply and erection are two different 
orders. So, that is where you will see that the overall part of the overall EBITDA at the end of the 
year will be much -- will be better than the last year. As you've seen in the last year also, we've 
improved. So, this year also we're expected to improve. And what we're aiming at is that -- I mean, 
to achieve something that we really are looking forward to. I mean, maybe 7 to 8-odd plus, 8 plus 
part, maybe a 14% to 13%, 14%, 15% of EBITDA. That's what we're looking at. 
Ashvath Rajan: 
And do we have a blended execution timeline for our entire order book right now? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes. So, we have our PMRs, we have our DTRs and we have the targets that have been given. I 
mean, they're all linked to a lot of incentives and stuff like that to the core teams also. So, it all 
works out in a fashion where it is completely planned, like what is going to be supplied in the 
month of March, what is supplied in the month of April and how that is going to be turned around 
by the month of maybe June, July? And what we are planning for this quarter, what will be 
executed in the next quarter and how we're going to achieve the figure which we're looking at?  

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
I mean, the growth that we've seen last year and what we are aiming at for next three years. That's 
what the roadmap that we made for ourselves. So, definitely, I mean, everything. And every day 
there is a daily monitoring that happens. There's a like evening and -- morning and evening, there 
is a monitoring of what is right now executed. I mean, let's say that in the morning we decided 
that we're going to execute 10 kilometers. So, by the evening, has it been 10? It has been 9. So, if 
there is a 1 kilometer lapse that has happened, are we going to cover it up the next day?  
And then overall in a week, has there been any lapse or have we achieved what we have planned 
or we've done more? So, because the execution timelines are to be very stringent because without 
that, we will not be able to achieve those numbers. I mean, just by supplying and not completing, 
I mean, it's going to lead into any kind of thing because these are all time-bound projects. I mean, 
the timelines are like anything between 24 months to 12 months.  
Like, let's say for the example, we're looking at Udaipur Airport. So, Udaipur Airport happens 
like, the target is to be finishing it by March 2026 because they need to start operational activities 
by somewhere in the end of September 26. You know, the inauguration is already planned and 
things are already there. So, these are all time-bound projects. So, we also plan accordingly and 
we have our systems in order. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Paras Chheda from Purpleone Vertex Ventures LLP. 
Paras Chheda: 
In general, what would be our medium-term goal? I mean, the way this entire power sector is 
poised and the way our company is poised, tentatively what kind of targets do you look at in terms 
of revenue goals for the medium-term, let's say, three to five years? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So, practically, I'm looking at bare minimum growth of 50% year-on-year. I mean, for the next 
three years, we've already targeted that. And once we complete this FY '26, then we make a new 
roadmap for ourselves for the next three years. So, as on date, we planned up to '27, where we are 
looking at a 50% growth year-on-year, minimum. That's bare minimum. 
Paras Chheda: 
Right. Understood. And, sir, at some point, when Peaton comes in, so what kind of revenue can 
Peaton contribute here? I mean, let's say, two, three years down the line in general, the potential 
on Peaton for that acquisition? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So, I think if whatever we're planning goes all well and with the products that are lined up, we 
would be looking on at least Peaton to also grow by the same speed as what Power is doing right 
now. So, the numbers, I would not be able to dilute right now. But, yes, we are looking at the same 
potential growth what we are looking at for Power. 
Paras Chheda: 
Understood. I just missed that, what would be the last year turnover for Peaton? 
Management: 
Last year turnover for Peaton is of INR34 crores. 
Paras Chheda: 
And what kind of EBITDA margins they have done? 
Management: 
EBITDA margin figures yet to be finalized, but it would be approximately of in between 7 
percentage to 8 percentage. 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
Paras Chheda: 
Okay. And is there a scope for improvement here? 
Management: 
Yes, sir. We are continuously in process to improve the same. So, we will see good numbers. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, we will be seeing very good numbers. I mean, post the tie-up with the Siemens and Rittal 
Germany, we hope to have very good figures coming out. Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ankit Mota, an Individual Investor. 
Ankit Mota: 
Talking about Peaton, particularly because you are planning to scale up here, what is the human 
resource hiring plan also? Because this would be a kind of marketing business wherein you have 
to establish distribution also. So, we would like to know as the company grows 40%-50%, even 
more than that, how do you really look at human resource scaling up team, etcetera?  
And also, we would like to know as to how really do you see this RDSS scheme opportunity 
coming up? Because you spoke about airports and other electrification projects. But when it comes 
to state government projects also, are you looking at more traction in tenders and ordering coming 
from them? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So, I will start with your first question. As you asked me regarding Peaton, what I would like to 
put across is that, as I said that Peaton was on self-manufacturing, I mean, under their own brand. 
But now that we have tied up with Siemens, we have tied up, as I told you, with Rital, we ourselves 
have seen a lot of, I mean, the change in the entire scenario, I mean, of the number of inquiries 
that we are receiving and the way because Siemens itself acts as a marketing arm for us, you 
know, so that anyway. 
Point number two, we have -- in last six months, we have had our own HR department and full 
fledge for the HR and admin. And we have a retired commander from the naval forces who's 
taking care of the administration and the HR right now in all. And plus, he has a team of three 
people below him. So, we are in the process of hiring. 
In fact, in last four months or three months, we have actually added about 12 professionals to the 
system in terms of Peaton and Power together. And the continuous, I mean, recruitment is going 
on because as rightly you pointed out that when you look at this kind of a growth, the most 
important part becomes the manpower. 
So, to tackle that, we've already taken the right steps and we are putting in systems and we've 
already updated our software. We have our HR software in order. I mean, we are very well 
planning and as I told you, as far as the marketing is concerned, we are taking our senior people 
on the marketing side also. 
And plus as I told you the beauty of it is that once you've tied up with Siemens, Siemens' office is 
all across the country and that acts as an additional arm to us. I mean, but then the new product 
that we're launching and the future product that we're adding, I mean, we will be needing our own 
marketing team definitely.  
So, we are expanding the marketing team and I think you'll see somebody very senior join very 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
soon, maybe in a month or two. I mean, the discussions are on. We've finalized a couple of people. 
So, we're just keeping it fingers crossed. And, okay, coming back to the thing about the Peaton 
expansion and in terms of RDSs or in terms of the state schemes.  
See, RDSs right now, the first phase is getting over, which was the reduction of the losses. Now, 
the second phase that is going to come in is the modernization where you will be seeing all the 
cities. I mean, there whatever overhead lines are Tier 2 cities apart from Bombay or maybe 
Calcutta or the Taiwan cities, the rest of the cities like you'll see Udaipur, you'll see Bhopal, you 
will see Baroda.  
Wherever the overhead lines are there, they're all going to be converted into underground to again 
reduce the losses. So, this is the scheme called the modernization. And then again, the power 
revamping which is coming up under the IPDS, which is the increasing number of distribution 
substations because we've increased the generation.  
But then for the distribution, we still require a lot of substations to come up. Like, for example, 
Ajmer itself is looking at floating tenders for about close to 1,200 substations in next 4 years, 5 
years because that's the kind of generation that's going to happen in Rajasthan. So, to facilitate 
that you need a distribution network. So, definitely, I mean, like, you know, so this modernization 
is coming. IPDS is again coming. 
So, all these things, we are definitely very closely placed. And as I told in, I mean, today in the 
earlier thing, that we did not wait for our completion certificates to come in. We've already done 
a couple of tie-ups in last few months wherein any size of INR300 crores, INR350 crores or 
INR400 crores project comes in. We'll be able to bid and we can take it up on the back-to-back 
basis.  
So, we've already planned our journey and we're already planning as to how to build it up so that 
whatever aims we have or whatever targets we're looking at can be achieved as fast as possible. 
Ankit Mota: 
So, sir, recently you won the INR70 crores order which came up earlier this month. Are you saying 
that now our qualification is as large saying that we can now bid very high value orders also? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So, we've bidded already for INR163 crores, single work. 
Ankit Mota: 
So, can it move up to like INR200 crores, INR300, INR400 crores? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Yes, very easily. 
Ankit Mota: 
So, do we have the resources and the capability meaning to bid or we would need some partners 
for such large orders? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Sir, it depends on both the things. It would depend upon the sector that you're aiming at. It would 
also depend upon the kind of job. Like, let's say, if it's a traction substation, for example, for the 
railways. So, probably you will be, I will be needing somebody because 25k DC job is a very 
peculiar and very this thing, but in that case, if it is a modernization job, let's say, if it's an 
underground cabling or somebody, I probably would not need anybody. 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Why I said is that we've already tied hands with a couple of people is because we are keeping our 
things very ready that in case if something comes, the opportunity, we should not be in the loss of 
opportunity, but otherwise, if you talk about RDSS, underground cabling or the overhead cabling 
or the loss reduction or anything, I think we are capable enough to, I mean, bid INR200 crores, 
INR250 crores and if we require some kind of financial JV, that's very easily available. It would 
not be technical requirement, but maybe on the financial requirement. 
Ankit Mota: 
Sir, what I could make of this Peaton electrical also is that you said that acquisition will be closed 
very shortly. But I would like to know as to what exactly products are you developing, what stage 
are the certifications in because when you talk about bus bars they are used in very high-rise 
buildings. We also have your products, which are certified by Siemens, which are used in data 
centers.  
So, you think this year onwards, you could also start supplies to data centers, very high-rise 
buildings, because real estate is also moving higher. So, if you could talk about the products and 
the portfolio that Peaton has currently and what kind of new things can we probably can see here?  
Padmaraj Pillai: 
So, I would say that Peaton was making low-voltage panels, basically for a certain segment, which 
we would specify to be in the partially type-tested. So, there are two kinds of panels, which are 
partly type-tested and totally type-tested. Now, the totally type-tested assemblies are normally 
manufactured or tested by the manufacturers of the switchgears, like Larsen & Toubro or Siemens 
or ABB or Schneider.  
So, this year what we did is that we were inclined to move the business up. So, what we did is that 
we tied up with Siemens. We took a license from them for manufacturing, as well as we tied up 
with Rittal Germany, again, for manufacturing of the type-tested panels. The peculiarity of both 
is different. The applications are different. So, we needed both the licenses in order.  
So, we got both the licenses done. Coming back to what we are developing in-house, we are 
developing the low-voltage compact bus way system, which is definitely for the data centers, 
which is there for the airports, which is there for the high-rise buildings. Now, as we all know that 
with the advent of the high-rise, that is, I mean, like earlier, it was in Bombay, which used to have 
high-rise or maybe Gurgaon, which used to have high-rise. 
But now, if you look at Tier 2 cities, I mean, like Ahmadabad, like you go to Jaipur, you go to all 
these places, you would see that everybody started building 30 floors, 40 floors. So, government, 
the Central Electric Authority has themselves come out with a mandate, which says that any 
building which is more than 10 stories high, it is mandatory that they cannot use cables. They 
have to go for the bus bar for the distribution, so that it doesn't become hazardous and, I mean, 
the fire hazard is taken care of. 
So, this product, basically, as I said, like see the easier way would be you find somebody's design, 
and then you take it over. But we put in a lot of sweat and money into this and we've been doing 
the R&D for the last about three years. The product was already developed about 1. 5 years, 2 
years back, which was installed in one of the data centers of Vodafone. 
It has been running very successfully for the last two years. but then we had to make certain 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
changes in the design, not due to the expect of the design fault or something, but just to make it 
more cost competitive, because at the end of the day, any of the segment that you cater to, the cost 
definitely matters.  
So, we have already completed that entire thing and we are probably in a mood, I mean, like, in a 
set mood to start the final testing in one of the government-authorized labs by maybe September. 
And this year, we will definitely being the 50th year, we also want to launch something that will 
be of remembrance. And, particularly, if I'm talking about Bus Bar. 
So, I have been personally associated with this product for the last, almost, like from the time it 
was launched in India for different applications. So, I'm very well-versed with the system and I 
am almost in touch with all the distributors or almost all the people who are working in this 
segment. So, what I look forward to is only completion of my testing, and then, I mean, the launch 
and then probably we can take it forward.  
Ankit Mota: 
So, do you think Peaton can scale up from INR35 crores turnover, as CFO is mentioning, to maybe 
INR100 crores in the next 1.5 years, 2 years? 
Management: 
Very easily. Very, very easily.  
Ankit Mota: 
And, sir, you said probably you will be working two times the order book. It is already two times 
your revenues. So, year-end do you see with the traction that you are looking at right now, 
probably we can have INR700 crores worth of order book? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
I said minimum two times. I did not say that I stop at two times. I said what I envisaged is to 
minimum two times and let's see what the, how it takes it. See, again, because see what has to be 
very carefully thought about is that there have been a lot of failures and debacles because the order 
booking has to be in conscious effort to the execution part.  
Simply by taking the order, sitting over the order is not going to help, I mean, neither the country, 
neither the company. So, what I look forward is that the moment we increase our execution 
capabilities, which, as I told you, we have already done it. I mean, in fact, I mean, we, first thing 
we did in last year was that we had our own HR because we were dependent on the HR agency 
outside and we were not able to track the right talent.  
So, we thought that the best thing to do would be having a complete setup in-house, which we 
already did last year and we're doing a good amount of recruitment in last quarter and we look 
forward to doing it, I mean and take up more professionals from this field and then like once that 
execution capability comes in, I mean, definitely it's not stopping at the 50% or 100% growth. It 
will definitely be as big as you can be. And then the opportunities are, ample opportunities are 
available. It's just about, you need to just select it and move forward in the right direction. 
Ankit Mota: 
Thank you, sir, and all the best for the coming quarter. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
Thank you so much, Mr. Mota. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paras Chheda from Purpleone Vertex 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
Ventures LLP. Please go ahead. 
Paras Chheda: 
Sorry, sir. What is your current team size at PIGL and Peaton? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
The PIGL and Peaton put together would be around close to 100, 110. 
Paras Chheda: 
Okay, both put together. And sorry, sir, I just forgot this 60% stake you got Peaton is for INR100 
crores, is it? 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
For? 
Paras Chheda: 
The acquisition price you paid Peaton for the 60% stake is for how much? 
Management: 
Yes, underlying valuation to be derived and the same will be derived at the time of acquisition. 
However, preliminary we had some valuation reports. So in case if you need those reports, we 
will share it to you. 
Paras Chheda: 
No, we don't need. Just a broader sense what level are we buying it? 
Management: 
Broader sense, right now it is difficult to comment, but yes we will be going with two or three 
valuation. Whichever lower valuation will be there, we will opt for the same. 
Paras Chheda: 
But what can be the range? 
Management: 
Like it will be in between like going by valuation, what we think is in between INR20 crores to 
INR30 crores. 
Paras Chheda: 
That is for the company valuation itself and then our valuation whatever based on that 60% for 
that. 
Management: 
Yes based on that 45%, 15% already we have, additional 45% we will acquire. 
Paras Chheda: 
Okay, so the company valuation could be between 20 to 30 full company valuation and 45% 
whatever we will pay for that. And this will be mostly paid out cash for them? 
Management: 
Yes, that will be paid out by the cash. 
Paras Chheda: 
Understood. Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Padmaraj Pillai: 
I sincerely thank all of you for joining in for this call and I am open to any kind of replies or 
queries that you people may have or something that must be left out I mean, I am extremely 
thankful to Arihant Capital for arranging for this call and I think in case if anybody wants to get 
in touch with me, I mean, you can just call up Arihant and they can arrange for a call. 
I mean, and any kind of further questions or discussions or anything that is required on whatever 
basis, I mean, we are open to that. So I would thank all of you and I would thank all the best 

Power & Instrumentation (Gujarat) Limited 
August 20, 2025 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
wishes that you people have given me and I am looking forward to closing the next quarter and 
the year as committed as we have discussed. So thank you all and Om Namah Shivaya. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
