 
 
KOLTE-PATIL DEVELOPERS LTD. 
CIN: L45200PN1991PLC129428 
Pune Regd. Office: 8th Floor, City Bay, CTS NO. 14 (P), 17 Boat Club Road, Pune-411 001, Maharashtra, India  
Tel.: + 91 20 6742 9200 / 6742 9201  
 Bangalore Office: 121, The Estate Building, 10th floor, Dickenson Road, Bangalore 560042,  India. Tel.: 080- 4662 4444 / 2224 3135/ 2224 2803 
Web.: www.koltepatil.com Email id: vinod.patil@koltepatil.com 
 
To,  
The Assistant Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, ‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 
To,  
The General Manager,  
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
 
1st floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: 06 August 2025 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on 30 July 2025 
 
ISIN: Equity: INE094I01018 and Debt: INE094I07049, INE094I07064 and INE094I07072. 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol and Series: KOLTEPATIL and EQ 
        BSE Code and Scrip Code - Equity: 9624 and 532924 
        BSE Security Code and Security Name – Debt: 1. 974771 and KPDLZC33;  
  2. 975276 and KPDL221223; 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
  3. 976030 and 0KPDL34.        
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 47(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith transcript of “Q1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call” held on 30 July 2025 at 03.30 PM (IST). 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vinod Patil  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A13258 
VINOD 
EKNATH 
PATIL
Digitally signed 
by VINOD 
EKNATH PATIL 
Date: 2025.08.06 
22:41:52 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Kolte-Patil Developers 
Limited Q1 FY '26 Post Results Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Smit Shah from Adfactors PR. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Shah. 
Smit Shah: 
Thank you, Shruti. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
the Q1 FY '26 Results Conference Call of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited. We 
have with us Mr. Atul Bohra, Group CEO; and Ms. Dipti Rajput, Vice 
President, Investor Relations. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made in 
today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain 
risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the 
Q1 FY '26 results presentation that has been shared with you earlier. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Atul Bohra, Group CEO, to begin the 
proceedings of this call. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to everyone present on 
this call. Thank you for joining us today to discuss operating and financial 
performance of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.  

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Before we begin, I am happy to share that during the quarter Blackstone Funds 
acquired 14.3% equity stake through preferential allotment infusing Rs. 417 
crore in the Company which will largely be used as growth capital. We are 
excited to embark on this journey with a shared vision to accelerate expansion, 
drive innovation, and reinforce leadership in the dynamic Indian real estate 
sector. SEBI approvals are awaited for the open offer. We will notify the 
progress of the transaction in due course. 
I would now like to share my views on the real estate environment, followed 
by an overview of the key developments for the quarter. Dipti will then take 
you through the key financial highlights. Following this we will open the forum 
for question and answer.  
In the first half of 2025, we have witnessed geo-political tension and uncertain 
global trade environment. However, there were several factors that helped keep 
the sentiment positive. The sector benefitted from a 100 basis points repo rate 
cut by the Reserve Bank of India, bringing the rate down to 5.5%. This move, 
along with a reduction in the CRR, has significantly improved liquidity in the 
system, lowering borrowing costs for homebuyers and developers alike, and 
making housing more affordable. It’s also encouraging to see inflation cooling 
down. These positive macro-economic factors have helped boost affordability 
and maintain positive buyer sentiment.  
In Pune, the residential segment appears to be entering a more measured phase 
of growth with demand driven by end-users seeking lifestyle upgrade and 
infrastructure growth. We see opportunity in the growing premium housing 
segment.   
On the other hand, the Mumbai region is poised for transformation, driven by 
a wave of infrastructure development set to improve connectivity and reduce 
travel times. These upgrades are making city living more convenient and are 
expected to create significant demand in key micro markets.  
Overall, we believe the combination of lower interest rates, improved liquidity, 
stable inflation, and evolving consumer aspirations sets a positive foundation 
for the sector going forward. At KPDL, we remain focused on scaling our 
launches, accelerating execution, and delivering value across all stakeholder 
groups as the housing cycle continues to strengthen. With a trusted brand, 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
established presence in key markets, and a strong track record of delivery, we 
are well-positioned to capture the emerging opportunities in this evolving 
landscape. 
Now coming to the operational performance for the quarter ended June 30, 
2025. During the quarter, we registered sales volume of 0.84 million square 
feet, reflecting a 5% growth over the previous quarter. This translated into a 
sales value of Rs. 616 crore, driven by significant contribution of sustenance 
inventory across key projects. Collections stood at Rs. 550 crore , remaining 
in line with the contracted schedule. Over a 4 year period, collections have 
grown at a CAGR of 21% as a result of construction and operational efficiency, 
healthy pace of project execution and strong customer relationship 
management. Resultantly, operating cash flows stood strong at Rs. 164 crore. 
Our flagship integrated township, Life Republic, continued to be a strong 
contributor to overall performance, recording sales of 0.53 million square feet 
during the quarter. The project’s scale, thoughtful planning, and community 
centric living have made it a preferred choice among homebuyers, reinforcing 
its position as one of the prime developments in Pune. 
In Q1 FY26, our average realization stood at Rs. 7,337 per square foot, 
maintaining stable pricing levels. This reflects the continued customer 
confidence in our product offerings and the value our developments bring to 
buyers. 
As we move forward, we are optimistic about the year ahead. We have a robust 
launch pipeline with key projects planned across our core markets. These 
upcoming launches reflects our confidence in underlying demand trends.  
On the business development front, we continue to actively evaluate a strong 
pipeline of potential opportunities across our focus markets. With a disciplined 
approach and clear strategic filters, we remain confident of securing value 
accretive deals that align with our long- term growth objectives. We will share 
more details as the current transactions conclude. 
As you are aware, we follow the CCM based accounting method where the 
revenue recognition is based on completion and possession. During the quarter, 
revenues remained muted. In the coming quarters, there is a strong pipeline of 
completion, and we expect a steady growth in revenue recognition. Coming to 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
the EBITDA margin - margins look impaired on account of lower revenue 
recognition coupled with fixed cost recognition which is charged to PnL. FY25 
EBITDA margin at 13% showed a strong improvement over the previous 
years. This year also we expect further improvement in EBITDA margin. As 
an ongoing process, we are constantly working on improving cost effectiveness 
and project timelines through streamlining internal processes and proactive 
monitoring of cost to complete. Simultaneously, over a period we have seen an 
8% CAGR growth in APR which will further help us expand margins.  
Looking forward, our continued focus remains on sustainable growth, 
operational excellence, and consistent delivery across all key performance 
metrics. We are excited to enter the next phase of our journey and are confident 
in our ability to scale new milestones and create long-term value for all 
stakeholders. 
With this, I now hand over the call to Dipti to share the financial highlights. 
Dipti Rajput: 
Thank you, Atul. Good afternoon, everyone. I'd now like to take you through 
our financial performance for the quarter ended 30th June 2025. Based on 
CCM-based accounting, we clocked total income of Rs. 96.8 crores for Q1 FY 
'26 as compared to Rs.350.3 crores in Q1 FY '25. 
 
EBITDA for Q1 FY '26 stood at a negative Rs. 11.2 crores as compared to 
Rs.39.7 crores for Q1 FY '25. PAT stood at a negative Rs.17 crores during Q1 
FY '26 as compared to Rs.6.2 crores in Q1 FY '25. 
 
As you are aware, revenue recognition in our business is closely tied to project 
completion in accordance with statutory accounting standards. With steady 
progress at our construction sites, we have been able to maintain consistent 
collections, reflecting both our execution strength and the sustained demand 
for our projects. 
 
Our operating cash flow for Q1 FY '26 stood at Rs.164 crores as compared to 
Rs.247 crores in Q1 FY '25. Net debt stood at a negative Rs.320 crores as 
compared to negative Rs.37 crores as on 30th June 2024. Additionally, the 
equity infusion from Blackstone during the quarter has further strengthened 
our capital base, enhancing our liquidity position and supporting our growth 
ambitions. 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
 
Thank you, and I now request the moderator to open the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Maathangi from Motilal Oswal. 
Maathangi: 
So I have two questions mainly. So given the new Rs.417 crores pumped in by 
Blackstone, I'm assuming some amount would be towards the capex. So I'd 
like to know the split, how much is towards working capital and how much is 
towards capex? Also, what is the total budgeted capex for FY '26? My second 
question is, when can we expect OPM percentage to start being positive again? 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Maathangi. So to answer this question, the total equity infusion of 
Rs.417 crores by and large, to be utilized for the growth of the organization 
more aligned toward the BD. But at the same time, Rs.100 crores- Rs.105 
crores is been earmarked  for the general corporate purpose. And rest of the 
capital we are targeting to be for the growth capital, including premium and 
FSI and all that related cost. 
Maathangi: 
Understood, thank you. What about the OPM percentage? 
Atul Bohra: 
So this quarter, gross margin percentage is 35%. 
Maathangi: 
Yes, yes. I mean when can we start expecting it to be positive again? 
Atul Bohra: 
So going forward, as I already mentioned that last year also, we have delivered 
a better EBITDA number as it has improved over a period of last couple of 
year. This year also, we hope that the overall gross margin and the EBITDA 
number will gradually grow. And we see the gross margin in the range of 
around 25% to 30%, and the EBITDA will remain in the mid-teens. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
So would you like to comment on launch pipeline in Pune and MMR region. 
Which all projects you are certain to launch in this financial year? 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Dhananjay. So, we have a strong pipeline of launches during the 
financial year. We are looking a total pipeline of around 6 million to 7 million 
square feet across Pune and Mumbai region. More specifically at Pune, we 
have NIBM project, which has secured almost all the sanction, including 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
environment clearance and building sanctions and most of the NOCs are in 
place. We are in the final leg of RERA approval. 
 
So NIBM we can definitely think of launching in the coming quarter. At the 
same time, the new BD, what we have acquired, Wadgaon, so that has also 
progressed well in the overall approval cycle. This also we can expect during 
the financial year. Kharadi project, which can be expected. At Life Republic, 
we have secured a few of the sector sanctioned, already few sectors are in the 
pipeline of approval. To the tune of more than 2.5 million, 3 million square 
feet, we can foresee will be contributed by Life Republic as well. So overall 
pipeline for Pune is very much in line and most of the projects have a visibility 
of launches. 
 
At Mumbai, Laxmi Ratan project at Versova is set to launch in quarter 2. We 
have already finished the demolition work and secured most of the sanction. 
What is awaiting is commencement certificate and the RERA approval. Post 
that, we are good to go. 
 
At least on the ground, we started the work of demolition and that means we 
are already in the phase of launching this project. But yes, there are a few 
projects where we see certain challenges. But more or less 6 million to 7 
million square feet is what we are quite confident of launching during the 
financial year. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Any value you would like to ascribe in terms of sales inventory of these 
launches? 
Atul Bohra: 
See, rather than value because these are all different regions and all, but it will 
definitely be more than Rs.5,000. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Firstly, sir, congratulate you and the team for the new version of PPT. I 
appreciate the efforts put behind that. One suggestion, if you can continue 
putting the earlier version of the launches, which was the part of the PPT? That 
would be really helpful. 
Atul Bohra: 
Sure Shreyans. 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, my first question is again on the launches. So the new BD Wadgaon, which 
you discussed, so will that entire phase of Rs.4,000-odd crores will be opened 
or will it be in phases? So sir, just continuation of this, if you could just broadly 
split in terms of launches, how much could come from Pune and how much 
from Mumbai? 
Atul Bohra: 
So Shreyans, to answer your first question about Wadgaon launches, it cannot 
be launched all together an entire project. But yes, this is a phases-wise 
launches. It's one of the substantial projects, almost 5 million square feet of a 
total potential development of the project. 
 
So out of which we have well planned with 3 or 4 odd phases for the entire 
project to get launched. So the phase 1 will be around 1.5 million square feet 
of the launch and for which we are in the phase of securing all the approvals. 
 
Coming to the second question, like what is the distribution in Pune and 
Mumbai. So in Mumbai, we are hoping under approval is almost 0.5 million 
square feet area is already under approval. And to the tune of 5.5 million, 6 
million square feet will be in the Pune region. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Okay. Sir, any value, I mean, of the total launches of Rs. 5,000 crore that you 
talked about, Mumbai would be closer to Rs. 1,200 and Pune would be 
balance? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And within that Rs.4,000-odd in Pune, would LR be closer to Rs.2,000 crores, 
Rs.2,500-odd crores? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes, Rs.2,500 crores. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. And sir, my second question is on the new BD. So now that will we wait 
for the new management team to take over, post that, we go ahead with BD? 
How should one look at BD going ahead? 
Atul Bohra: 
So as you are aware, we are in the middle of this significant transaction. 
Obviously, after the first tranche of preferential issue and the infusion, by and 
large, the focus is on the growth and the BD as well. Still, there are a few deals 
on which we are really on advanced stages. Since we see a sizable 
development, we will surely announce those deals to the market. 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Biplab from Antique Stock Broking. 
Biplab: 
I have just one question. Could you please share the expected timeline for the 
conclusion of the Blackstone transaction? I mean, the open offer and promoter 
share purchase. Just ballpark timeline would be good enough? 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you. As in my opening remarks, I already mentioned that the primary 
preferential allotment has already concluded. However, for the open offer, 
SEBI approval is awaited. Obviously, on the timeline, it has to happen anytime 
soon. That's what we are hoping. But as of now, a specific timeline cannot be 
committed for that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hussain from Carnelian Capital. 
Hussain: 
Want to understand as to currently, how many people from the Blackstone are 
basically looking to be on the board? And what is the long-term plan? Is there 
any drawing board, any plan which is being drafted for next 3 to 5 years as to 
how to scale up? And what will be the long-term picture in terms of how we 
can throw some basic glimpse of it would be also helpful? 
Atul Bohra: 
So Hussain, thank you very much for this question. Obviously, Blackstone has 
partnered with quite a few companies in India, and they are solid partners for 
all of these investee companies. Likewise, for Kolte-Patil also, this partnership 
will definitely work strongly for the company's growth. 
 
But to answer this, like what are the roles and all that thing, I think these are 
all something -- some strategic decisions. So on those we can definitely update 
you as and when this entire transaction get concluded and post that, once this 
entire relationship is established at a strategic level, then only it's the right time 
to explore this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from ithought PMS. 
Rohit: 
Good afternoon everybody. So sir, I think on the transaction, you've already 
mentioned that you would come back whenever that gets consummated. So sir, 
from a presales point of view this year and also on a reported basis, what are 
you sort of guiding? 
 
So I think you mentioned that a large part of the presales last year -- I mean 
launches could not get completed because of the delay in approval. So in terms 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
of launches and hence, the presales, what are you guiding, if you can share 
that? And also the reported deliveries this year and broadly the margins that 
you are looking at? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. Thanks, Rohit. So on the presales side, looking at last 3, 4 year, we have 
constantly delivered 23% of CAGR growth. And we hope that we'll continue 
the growth at a stronger pace. This year, we really have a very strong pipeline 
across Pune and Mumbai region. Hopefully, the environment of approval and 
all that thing is supportive. 
 
And with all these thing, we are quite confident that this year as well, we will 
have 30% plus year-on-year growth in terms of the presale guidance. More 
specifically, quarter 1 itself has seen 5% growth in the volume. So overall, for 
the financial year, we are quite confident of delivering above 30% Y-o-Y 
growth. 
Rohit: 
Okay. So we did around Rs.2,800 crores kind of presales last year. So we are 
looking at around 25% - 30% growth on this one? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. 
Rohit: 
And sir, the launches then they would be like more towards the second half 
because first half is already done and in your presentation, there is not much 
mentioned. So it will be more towards Q3, Q4 and because that also has a 
bearing on achieving this number. So just wanted to get that sense. 
Atul Bohra: 
So launches are across like even in quarter 2, we have launches, as I mentioned, 
that in Mumbai, Laxmi Ratan at Versova, we are set to launch in quarter 2. At 
Pune at NIBM, we are set to get the launch for the project. Even in Life 
Republic, a few of the sectors, we are set to launch in quarter 2. So launches 
are planned across all the quarters during the financial year. 
Rohit: 
Okay. And sir, P&L, if you can answer that, what is the kind of P&L you are 
looking for FY '26 on a reported basis? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. So as you are aware, we follow the CCM-based accounting method where 
revenue recognition happened based on the completion and the possession. 
Obviously, so looking at the completion target or maybe the possession target 
for the financial year, we have quite a few sectors at Life Republic like R13, 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
R10, R31, R17, then at Little Earth, one phase is we will achieve the 
completion. At Mumbai also at Sukh Niwas, we will achieve the completion. 
 
So, we expect a steady growth of revenue recognition during the financial year. 
But more specifically about the guidance on P&L, maybe next quarter, we can 
really provide you a right set of guidance. But as of now, it looks very healthy 
and at an overall financial year, it will be better than the last financial year. 
Rohit: 
And margins also, you mentioned should be in teens, right? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes, margin, I already mentioned. 
Rohit: 
Fine, sir. I think hopefully, by next quarter, I think we should have more clarity 
on the transaction as well, right, sir? 
Atul Bohra: 
Absolutely, yes. 
Rohit: 
Okay. So in that case, sir, will we have something like an Investor Day or a 
call post the transaction? Or it will be more like for the quarter 2 call only? 
Anything you plan? So just to understand. 
Atul Bohra: 
We'll let you know about that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu from BugleRock Asia. 
Himanshu: 
Good afternoon. My question was on the collections for the quarter. The area 
under progress/sales/work under progress, that area has increased quite 
materially in last 1 year. And also, what we have done is sustainable sales. 
 
So, sustainable sales, our understanding is the upfront payment will be much 
higher because a lot more construction work has happened. But our collections 
have dropped quite materially. And even if we compare the construction spend 
what we were doing or we did in the same quarter last year versus this year, it 
is same. 
 
Is there some slowness on the construction activity? Why would the collections 
have fallen so low when majority of the sales is in sustainable sales and area 
under construction is significantly higher than 1 year back? 
Atul Bohra: 
Okay. Thank you, Himanshu. So more specifically, last financial year FY '25, 
where we had a total collection, a strongest collection of Rs.2,432 crores which 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
has shown a significant growth. And we have demonstrated this strong 
collection growth, which is resulting from, as you rightly mentioned, on the 
improved construction and operational efficiency and healthy pace of project 
execution. 
 
So, we hope during the entire financial year, since this is just the first quarter. 
But as compared to the last year, the collection will be definitely at a stronger 
pace and will show a constant steady CAGR growth whatever we have 
experienced in last 3, 4 years. 
 
So we are quite on the track for our collection target even for this quarter. It is 
all depend --it is not like the only area under construction gives the collection, 
sometimes milestone because it's all depend on the which milestone which gets 
hits in which quarter. So during the quarter, there are a few projects where 
already the milestones were hit in last quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Vishal: 
So I just have a single question, like with the 1% GST benefit on sub 80 lakhs 
home and PMAY subsidy expiring in March '26 and construction input cost is 
also going up. So how are you repositioning your product mix and pricing, 
specifically in the affordable segment, like to sustain bookings velocity and 
EBIT margin? Could you throw some light on it? 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you, Vishal. So Vishal, we are really focusing more on a mid- to mid-
premium and the luxury segment more. We are not as such into affordable 
segment. So again, overall as maintaining and sustaining our margin, which 
has proven by our last 4, 5 years of APR movement, which shown year-on-
year growth of 8%. So we always try to maintain a healthy pace of volume as 
well as maintaining the sustainable margins by way of a better pricing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yohan from Motilal Oswal. 
Yohan: 
Yes. So I have 2 questions. My first question is on the line of launches. From 
last year, the other launches in Mumbai, which are in Goregaon, another is the 
Vishwakarma Nagar and the Jal Nidhi project. So these 3 are we still expecting 
to launch in this year? Or are they further pushed forward? That is my first 
question. 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Atul Bohra: 
Okay. So from Mumbai pipeline of our total project which are under approval, 
as I already mentioned that Laxmi Ratan Versova project is all set for the 
launch during quarter 2. However, there are a few projects which are mainly 
on account of certain eco-sensitive zone related environment clearance 
approval, which are a little bit getting delayed. There are 2 projects at Dahisar, 
which are delayed in launches on account of pending height clearance. 
 
So even though these projects are under approval phases, but despite it is more 
or less industry-wide issue, so as of now, it is difficult to comment on those 
launches. But we are quite hopeful once this issue will be on track, we will 
definitely try to launch these projects sooner. 
Yohan: 
Okay. Great. And my another question is on the lines of business development. 
So any land that you're currently looking at or if you can give the guidance for 
the full year for business development? 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes, we are looking at quite a few active transactions and much more at an 
advanced stages. Few documents has reached to a stage, crossed the due 
diligence and on the final documentation as well. But yes, once this will get 
concluded, we will announce to the market. 
 
As an overall business development, as I already mentioned that the primary 
focus, the sustainable operating cash flow in hand, the Blackstone infusion. 
And with all this respect, business development is on our top priority. That will 
be definitely better than the last year. We intend to expand our footprint in 
MMR region as well beyond re-development. 
 
And definitely, we will capitalize on that huge MMR opportunity with the infra 
growth. Even in the Pune region, there are a lot of metro development and infra 
growth corridor, which are opening up new micro markets, we are finding out 
where there can be a better opportunity for the growth either on the outright, 
JV, JDA, all the possible options we are working. And we are quite hopeful 
that, okay, it will be much better than the last year number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Sir, what is the value of our unsold inventory of ongoing project or complete 
projects? 

 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited
 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Atul Bohra: 
So as we have already mentioned in our investor presentation, it is almost 3.5 
million square feet. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay, 3.5 million is unsold and 6 million is the pipeline to be launched. 
Atul Bohra: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comment. 
Atul Bohra: 
Thank you once again for your interest and support. We will continue to stay 
engaged. And if you have any further questions, please feel free to reach Dipti 
Rajput at KPDL. Look forward to interacting with you next quarter. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
