 
 
 
 
 
 
HEG/SECTT/2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
               8th August, 2025  
 
1 
BSE  Limited  
P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 509631 
2 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), MUMBAI - 400 051. 
Scrip Code : HEG 
 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q1 FY26 of HEG Limited 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please refer to our Earnings Conference Call scheduled on 4th August, 2025 intimated vide our 
letter dated 30th July, 2025. Please find enclosed the transcript of the said Earnings Conference 
Call.  
 
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website of the Company i.e 
www.hegltd.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HEG Limited 
 
 
 
(Vivek Chaudhary) 
Company Secretary 
M.No. A-13263 
heg.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
 
Encl: as above 
 
Vivek 
Chaudhary
Digitally signed by 
Vivek Chaudhary 
Date: 2025.08.08 
18:21:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“HEG Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAVI JHUNJHUNWALA – CHAIRMAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – HEG LIMITED 
 
MR. RIJU JHUNJHUNWALA – VICE CHAIRMAN – HEG LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH GULATI –EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – HEG LIMITED 
 
MR. OM PRAKASH AJMERA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HEG LIMITED 
 
MR. RAVI TRIPATHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – HEG LIMITED 
 
MR. PUNEET ANAND – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER – HEG LIMITED 
 
MR. ANKUR KHAITAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF TACC LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIKUNJ PACHISIA – SKP SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to HEG Limited Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikunj Pachisia from SKP Securities Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Nikunj Pachisia: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm pleased to welcome you on behalf of HEG Limited 
and SKP Securities to this financial results conference call with the leadership team of HEG 
Limited. We have with us Mr. Ravi Jhunjhunwala, Chairman, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. 
Riju Jhunjhunwala, Vice Chairman; along with their colleagues, Mr. Manish Gulati, Executive 
Director; Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera, Group CFO; Mr. Ravi Tripathi, CFO; Mr. Puneet Anand, 
CSO and Mr. Ankur Khaitan, MD and CEO of TACC Limited. 
 
We will have the opening remarks from Mr. Jhunjhunwala, followed by Q&A session. Over to 
you, Ravi ji. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you, Nikunj. Good afternoon, friends, and welcome to our financial results conference 
call for the Q1 '25-'26. Let me begin with a brief overview of the global steel industry trends, 
which continue to shape the demand environment for Graphite Electrodes. According to the 
World Steel Association, global steel production in the first 6 months of 2025, calendar year '25 
stood at about 934 million tons, which is a decline of about 1.9% year-on-year and 952.4 million 
tons in the corresponding period of last year, indicating a slowdown in the demand across major 
steel producing economies.  
China steel production declined by about 2.4%, primarily due to weaker construction activities 
there and the government-imposed production curbs. At the same time, finished steel exports 
surged 9.2% Y-o-Y to 58 million tons, increasing global competition and exerting additional 
pressure on international steel prices. 
 
Production outside of China fell by about 1.2% to 419 million tons, driven by ongoing 
macroeconomic headwinds and a muted industrial recovery in most of the countries. In contrast, 
India remained a standout performer with a 9.2% year-on-year increase to about 81 million tons 
in the first 6 months, supported by our continued infrastructure spending and automotive sector 
growth.  
Another large producer of steel, Japan, reported a 5% decline, South Korea fell by 2.8%, Turkey 
dropped by 1.7%, while United States registered a modest 0.8% increase, highlighting relative 
market resilience. In this kind of a macro environment, Graphite Electrode market continues to 
face challenging conditions during the quarter.  
The recent imposition of 25% duty in the U.S., an important market for us and the leading 
consumer of graphite electrodes, is being studied, and we hope that this is eventually settled 
down to some reasonable level as we believe discussions between the two countries are ongoing. 
 
However, given HEG's well-diversified sales footprint across all major markets, we will do our 
best to see that its impact on us is minimal. On the near- to medium-term demand, the global 
transition towards low-emission electric arc furnace steelmaking continues to gather momentum, 
underpinned by regulatory actions and decarbonization targets.  
Electric arc furnaces, which offer a significantly lower carbon footprint versus its traditional 
blast furnaces, are central to the steel industry's transformation. The global shift towards electric 
arc furnace steelmaking continues to accelerate, driven by climate goals. This transition is 
expected to generate substantial incremental demand for our products, which is estimated at 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
150,000 to 200,000 tons annually by 2030, excluding China, reinforcing industry's long-term 
growth potential. 
 
As per our data, in last 2 years, about 11 million tons of new electric arc furnace capacities have 
already been installed in the Western world, while we expect another 50 million to 55 million 
tons to be in operation by 2027 and added 40 million tons or so between 2028 and 2030. All this 
totals up to a staggering figure of about 100,000 tons of new capacities, which we have never 
seen before.  
As you are aware, this is all due to continued focus on lower carbon emission by every country 
in the world, which electric arc furnace steel provides. HEG continues to operate at highest 
utilization levels in the industry despite a stagnant demand. Last quarter, we operated at 90% 
plus -- and in this background, we have to remember that this 90% on our newly expanded 
capacity of 100,000 tons.  
Our single location, a large production base, combined with a competitive cost positions us as 
one of the lowest cost producer globally. Despite market challenges, we remain confident in the 
medium- to long-term growth of our industry. The combination of electric arc furnace-led 
structural demand growth, supply rationalization by some other industry majors in the world and 
current unsustainably low prices -- low price levels should gradually lead to market stabilization 
and pricing recovery. 
 
Considering all these, we have recently announced another expansion plan to increase our 
existing capacity from 100,000 tons to 115,000 tons, which will require a capex of about INR650 
crores to be completed in 2.5 years from now with expected production in January-March 2028, 
which will help us to further reduce our costs and increase our market share. 
 
Regarding demerger, the scheme is filed with stock exchanges and all other relevant authorities, 
after which it will go to NCLT, and we do expect to get NCLT approval by end of the calendar 
year 2025. With this, I would now like to invite our CFO, Ravi Tripathi, to present the financial 
results for the quarter and along with our Vice Chairman, Riju; Executive Director, Manish and 
Chief Strategy Officer, Puneet.  
We will all be very happy to answer your questions about electrode business as well as other 
diversifications, which are under implementation. Thank you, and over to you, Ravi. 
Ravi Tripathi: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, friends. I will now briefly take you through the company's 
operating and financial performance for the quarter ended 30th June 2025. For the quarter ended 
30th June 2025, HEG recorded revenue from operations of INR613 crores as against INR571 
crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous financial year.  
During the quarter ended 30th June 2025, the company delivered EBITDA of INR154 crores as 
against INR59 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The company on a stand-
alone basis, recorded a net profit after tax of INR72 crores in Q1 FY '26 as against INR3 crores 
in the corresponding quarter of the previous year.  

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
And on a consolidated basis, the net profit after tax is INR105 crores in Q1 FY '26 as against 
INR23 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous financial year. The company is long-
term debt free and had a treasury size of nearly INR977 crores as on 30th June 2025. Now to 
take out more questions from the participants, the detailed presentation has been uploaded on 
the company's website and on the stock exchange.  
Now we would like to address any questions or queries you have in your mind. Thank you. Over 
to Navin -- over to Nikunj. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Amit Lahoti from Emkay Global. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on our expansion plan of 15,000 
tons. So given that there were capacity curtailments globally, so there must have been an option 
to acquire something for cheap valuations, but we have decided to expand capacity that comes 
with a time period of 2 to 3 years. So if you could provide some color in terms of the thought 
process that has gone behind in making this decision to build instead of going inorganic? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
See, we obviously looked at all these opportunities that you are talking about. And yes, as you 
are probably aware, one of the two major producer, international producer has formally 
announced that they are wanting to exit this business. So while we are pursuing that, we are in 
contact with them.  
We will probably -- at the right time, whenever they are ready, we'll probably go look at the 
plant and then take a view. But our gut feeling has been in the last 20, 30 years that these 
opportunities were available to us even in the past. And as you know, most of the other graphite 
production happens in all the expensive countries of the world, basically Japan, Germany, 
France, Spain, Italy, U.S. 
 
So with the cost structure that we believe that they have and most of these are listed companies. 
So a lot of data is available to everyone to see. So we believe that it is still better to spend 2.5 
years and to build more capacity in our own country, where our costs are significantly lower 
than if we were to acquire any plant in any Western world.  
First of all, these plants are very, very, very old. I mean, to my memory, probably the last plant, 
which is -- which was built -- some of these plants which are currently on the block, probably 
the last one would have been built 60, 70 years ago or at least more than 50 years ago. And they 
have not done much in those plants.  
So it probably doesn't make sense to acquire a very old plant in a European or a Japanese or an 
American economy where obviously, the costs are much higher than ours. So in the long term, 
we looked at all the permutation combinations, and we again came to a conclusion. And 
secondly, it's not easy.  
I mean, even if you start looking at some possibility today, it's a very long-drawn process. I 
mean, it will take at least 6, 9 months, 12 months to even conclude that deal. So when we are 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
more or less certain that expanding in India at the existing site gives us a much more competitive 
edge.  
We -- while we will look at it, but in the last 25 years, we have looked at all these opportunities, 
and we have stepped back and expanded here. So we didn't want to waste another 6, 9 months, 
12 months and then come to that conclusion. But of course, so long as we are amongst the 
cheapest cost producer, which we are based in India, we'll continue to look at that opportunity. 
Nobody stops us to acquire one of the good plants, which is on the block, even after expanding 
to 115,000. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Okay. Understood. And does this capex that we have announced of INR600 crores, does it 
include captive power plant as well, or we will continue to procure from the grid? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, we have always continued to buy the power from the grid. We don't have any captive power 
plant. We had built it long, long back. But as we have formally announced long ago, we had 
closed that down, maybe more than 10 years ago. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Okay. And lastly, just a housekeeping question. How much was the production volume in Q1? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
In excess of 90%. Yes, as I said, we were -- we operated at more than 90% last year -- last 
quarter. And we are more or less in that same range, maybe a couple of percentage plus and 
minus. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual Fund. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Would you be able to share your assessment of the demand-supply balance outside China? And 
what would be the average utilization level at this point of time? That was the first question? 
Manish Gulati: 
Okay. Shall I answer, sir? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. Sir, it's ex China, we can safely say that electric arc furnaces in rest of the world is between 
70% to 75% utilization as a total. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
I was actually referring to the utilization of the graphite electrode plant as an industry outside 
China? 
Manish Gulati: 
Okay. Sure. See, from -- we hear what you hear from the peer group. I mean, one of them said 
they were at 65% in the last quarter. And the others would be from -- I mean it's all market 
hearsay. I mean only one of them provides a number, rest of them do not do that. I believe the 
others would also be at a level of 60%, I would say.  
One of them is clear because we can -- you know whom I'm referring to. That was 65% and 
others would also be in that same range, 60 -- between 60% to 65%. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Great. As a follow-up, typically, we have seen the pricing sort of flexibility returning whenever 
the industry utilization level goes above 80% or so. So how far we are away from the situation? 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
And addition of our plants, would it sort of delay that positioning or keep the market 
oversupplied for a few more years? And one more related question was in the U.S., now the 
duties has been increased. So could it lead to restart of any of the U.S. plant? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. See, your -- first, I'll answer the second question. U.S. makes about 72% of the steel from 
the electric arc furnace route. So their utilizations, I mean, I would -- I was reading a paper, they 
were around 75% in U.S. And the other question, I just missed the other question. What was the 
first question? 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Sorry, sir, I was asking, in terms of the U.S., basically, do we see a risk of the start of any graphite 
electrode plants, which could add supply to the industry? 
Manish Gulati: 
Okay. Understood. So you see the electrode -- in U.S., particularly, the plants which -- there's 
no risk of restart in the sense because there's nothing on the ground other than the ones which 
are running. There's one competitor's plant, two Japanese, and the plants are on the ground and 
running.  
The one of the other competitor, which was mothballed, I think, it runs partly or something, 
whatever we hear from the public documents, maybe some half of the operation is going on, 
some machining or something. So there is no other plant other than these 2, which are already 
operational, which would come up in U.S. per se.  
And there's one more graphite plant in Mexico, and that's also a running plant. So there's nothing 
we can see that there's some closed plant which will come up, other than the one small plant I 
referred to, which runs half of it, half of the process, the less value-added advance. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Understood, sir. And the first question was about basically, as you are noting that the industry 
utilization is in the range of 60% to 65%. We have announced capacity expansion of 15 Kt. Our 
Indian competitors have announced also the capacity expansion of another 25 Kt. So will this 
supply addition delay utilization level improving in the industry and thereby, keep the prices 
under pressure for a few more years? Would you see that possible? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I'll answer that. I mean, in my opening remarks, I clearly said that x amount of new electric arc 
furnaces have already started production in the last 2 years. And in the next 4, 5 years, we believe 
that about 100 million tons of new electric arc furnace capacities are being added all over the 
Western world. We are not talking of China.  
And this is the first time in the history that most of the large steel companies around the world, 
and it is -- it actually includes every country, which produces steel, not selected some countries. 
They are stopping their blast furnaces and converting them -- not converting them, but they are 
replacing them by electric arc furnaces only because of the carbon emission.  
The electric arc furnace steel emits about 20%, 22% of the carbon compared to the same steel 
produced by the blast furnace. So given the sensitivity of the subject of carbon emission now, 
about 100 million tons of new electric arc furnaces are coming up somewhere in the world -- in 
the Western world, out of which about 11, 12 have already come in, 20, 25 are coming within 
the next year -- within this year and next year.  

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
And in total, we do have a list of about 100 million tons. So this 100 million tons will add 
demand for 150,000 to 200,000 tons of electrodes. And in the backdrop of this demand increase 
of 150,000 to 100,000 -- 200,000 tons, of course, this will take some time. It's not going to 
happen overnight, but it has started happening.  
New electric arc furnaces are already operational. They need more electrodes. And new ones are 
coming up every 2 months, every 3 months, every 6 months for the next 3, 4 years. So the 
demand is likely to go up. Supply -- on the supply side, as you probably have seen, as we have 
seen, some capacity closures have taken place in the last 2, 3 years in Europe and in America.  
So the total capacity, which used to be on the ground 2, 3 years ago, has substantially come 
down and some more are in the offing. So -- and of course, I mean, whatever I just said is very 
important. But as I also started off by saying that we believe we are the lowest cost producer of 
the graphite electrode anywhere in the world. So that gives us a certain advantage.  
And if we increase the capacity, when we increased from 80 to 100, we practically didn't increase 
any fixed cost. And when we now increase from 100 to 115, of course, there will be some 
increase in fixed cost, but it will be nowhere in the region of proportionate increase. So at a 
marginal increase in capital -- in running cost, in production cost, if we are adding more and 
more capacity, it adds to our competitiveness, it adds to our bottom line. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Understood, sir. Quite clear. One last question was about, we have around 10% stake in 
GrafTech. So what would be our ambition there? And how do we plan to develop further there? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
So our intention when we started buying, and we clearly mentioned it in the last couple of calls, 
our intention is simply the share price. And as we have explained in the past, GrafTech happens 
to be the only company in the Graphite business, which has a backup of their own raw material, 
needle coke.  
And as we are very bullish about the graphite demand -- graphite electrode demand, so 
simultaneously, there will be a demand for additional needle coke. And GrafTech happens to be 
the only graphite company, which has a substantial backup in terms of backward integration of 
coke. So when the electrode prices start rising on the back -- on the background of demand, the 
needle coke prices also go up. 
 
So when that happens, that will be the only graphite company, which will have a twin advantage 
of increased prices of needle coke and increased prices of electrodes. And when we took this 
decision to buy a bit of GrafTech shares on that day, about 9, 10 months, 12 months ago, the 
market cap was unreasonably low. I mean it was probably 1/3 of ours.  
So it didn't justify the kind of market cap they had with practically double the capacity of 
electrodes plus a backup of their raw material, which nobody else has. So in the backdrop of 
what we expect the demand of electrodes to grow, needle coke demand to grow, we took a view 
that it's a very safe bet. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Pachisia from SKP Securities. 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Chirag Pachisia: 
Sir, the new 15,000 ton per annum expansion has a lower capex per ton than your previous phase. 
So what key factors are driving this improved capital efficiency? And can we expect similar cost 
advantages in the future expansion? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. You see -- you rightly noticed that it's less than before. See, the last expansion was unique 
in its own way because we wanted a totally different facility to make nipples, which are the 
critical part along with electrodes. Now here, what we are doing is this 15,000 -- because now 
we have ample nipple capacity.  
So the investment in the last project was higher. And another thing is that now we have a big 
100,000 ton plant, and we have an opportunity, there are one or two shops where -- 1 or 2 
processes where the capacity already exists to some level. That is why we just streamlined all 
our processes to make all equivalent to that 115,000.  
So we will end up saving some money here in this -- to have a synergy with already 100,000 ton 
plant because there are 6 different processes. So one of the processes we already had that 
capacity. So that is how we save money. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from iThought PMS. 
Rohit: 
So just two, three questions. One was, sir, in terms of the realizations in the graphite business. 
So I think you had mentioned in the last call that the capacity cuts that have happened are yet to 
sort of -- it takes time for them to get materially -- I mean, get sort of to operationalize. So how 
do you -- so now that probably they would have gotten operationalized or more closer to getting 
operationalized, how do you see the realization happening now, let's say, in the coming year? 
Any thoughts on that? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, you have seen the steel production figures. See, graphite electrodes is a derived demand. 
For every ton of steel made, let's say, it consumes 1.5, 1.6 kg per ton. So the steel production, I 
mean you know the geopolitical situations. For the last 2 years, steel has been stagnating. But 
what is happening now is, of course, it is not going to continue like that forever.  
So even the existing electric arc furnace capacities are underutilized at a 75% level. The moment 
-- see, electric arc furnace is a start and stop operation. The plant manager decides in the morning 
how many heats I can make today, while the blast furnace either works or it doesn't work. So 
electric arc furnaces work both ways.  
They are very quick to ramp up their production and very quick to adjust also. So once the steel 
production -- so once we get out of this geopolitical situations going on and of course, this is in 
addition to the new electric arc furnaces, which are coming. So we believe the prices is just a 
factor of demand.  
The moment all industry capacity utilizations of graphite electrode industry crosses 80%, 85% 
then of course, there's firming up of prices. So we are a little away from that. Maybe it takes two 
quarters, three quarters, I don't know. But yes, every electrode company in the world needs the 
price to rise because it's an unviable price to work on.  

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
We're just keeping ourselves afloat just because of our size and being at one location and being 
a lower cost producer. Otherwise, so firming of prices, I don't know what is the timing, maybe 
two more quarters, but it should happen because this is -- we are at the lowest end now. 
Rohit: 
Okay, sir. And sir, we mentioned a bit about ex China, but some early reports or whatever we 
see, read that there is generally a view in the Chinese industry also not specific to us, but others 
that they also want to cut capacity or sort of not get into extreme price war kind of a scenario. 
So are you sharing anything or any signs that you're seeing for our industry in the Chinese market 
as well or nothing of that sort are you hearing there? 
Manish Gulati: 
First of all, we are not supplying to China. And whatever you have heard about their internal 
electrode capacities being close, let me say this, that China is a huge capacity of making 
electrodes, huge. And there's a huge exporter also all over the world. But most of the exports 
and which they are going are for the ladle furnaces, which we call the HP variety or the non-
UHP variety, that forms the lion's share of their exports.  
So what is happening inside China, probably the electric arc furnaces, which were projected to 
be 20% of their production is not 20% still. So they're going -- I mean they're running behind 
their own schedule. So it's very difficult for us to comment what is exactly happening inside 
China because there are only 5 or 6 integrated companies and rest are one process shops. So 
who's closing capacity where it's very difficult to comment. 
Rohit: 
Okay. And last question was on your investment in GrafTech, which you outlined to the previous 
participant. So I mean, given that while you've outlined the thesis before as well, but they also 
have a large portion of debt, which they refinance or -- not refinance, but they've gotten some 
extensions on the liquidity part.  
Given that the debt and -- the fact that they have debt and they have interest payments as well, 
how do you view that, sir, given that it will take more time than all of us anticipate. So how do 
you view that as a risk to that investment, whatever you can share? 
Manish Gulati: 
Sir, shall I answer? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. So see, you're talking about that one shot debt payment of $900 million something, which 
is now payable. After the rescheduling, it's now payable in December 2029. Now you see with 
the things, with the new years coming up and the expectation of steel production at least from 
next year to start increasing, I think that '27-'28 or '28-'29 should definitely be good years, and 
they should be able to repay some of the debt.  
And, of course, and rescheduling possibility is always there when the industry looks good. So I 
think when we still have 3 more years to go, I think, it should be fine. I mean there should be a 
turnaround in that time frame when the steel production also goes up, the new electric arc furnace 
also come up, prices get firm up.  

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
There are enough margins to pay off the debt. That's what we think. So we think our 10% stake 
is very much safe. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praful from Dymon Asia. 
Praful: 
A couple of points. When you say America as a region, does it include other geographies, like 
Canada or Mexico? What does it include? 
Manish Gulati: 
No. When we said. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
About 8% to 10% that we sell to America is U.S.A. We are not including Canada and that 
Mexico. 
Praful: 
Okay. And any mitigants in terms of -- that you guys are working on for minimizing the impact 
in terms of procurement or any other levers that you guys have as management to use or is it 
something that you want? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
We have heard of a couple of options wherein by importing some raw material from U.S., the 
duty gets adjusted. But it's very, very new. I mean all these things have just come up in the last 
three, four, five days. So we are in the middle of studying all that, and we are probably going to 
take some legal opinion before we come to a conclusion. So I really can't tell you anything more 
than that at this stage. 
Praful: 
Fair enough. Sir, recently on GrafTech earnings call, they mentioned that the realizations from 
USD 3,800-odd per ton is upward of USD 4,200 for them. How does it work generally? Do you 
-- it's a similar pricing all over the globe that people follow or they can be different. So how does 
it converge over time?  
And they've been guiding very bullishly on that all the electric arc furnace guys, given 73% of 
U.S. is in electric arc furnace production, are very happy with the price hikes because they want 
the industry to thrive and do well from here, given the nature of the industry today. So how does 
it work for us? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, let me -- I'll answer this by saying that pricing is different in different markets. For this 
product, the pricing is different in U.S., pricing different in Japan, pricing different in Middle 
East and different in Southeast Asia. So it varies. So of course, since they are in U.S. and since 
with the help of tariffs, et cetera, they will, of course, enjoy that protected marketplace.  
So that's what they might be feeling upbeat about because that's one market which is higher rate 
of electric arc furnaces. So of course, in that market where pricing is already elevated compared 
to other markets which are much more competitive, so they must be getting that additional price 
increases. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
And typically, we have seen in the last many, many years, we've also seen that American 
customers tend to pay a slightly higher price if they are happy with the company, if they are 
happy with the quality, if they are happy with their consumption, after sales service... 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Praful: 
Ravi sir, I wanted to broadly get the trend of realizations, in terms of trend. I don't want to pick 
up a quarter, but broadly the trend, how the realization trend given that one of the biggest players 
in the industry has indicated a 10% Q-on-Q realization jump and he's saying that customers have 
absorbed it very well. So broadly, I want to understand the trend of the realizations for you. 
That's all? 
Manish Gulati: 
No, if the trend... 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Sorry. Yes, go ahead. 
Manish Gulati: 
As Chairman said that only about 10% of our sales goes to U.S. and 90% is other than U.S. and 
which is Middle East, Southeast Asia, Europe, everywhere. So that price trend, which they are 
talking about the 10%, we are not seeing that happen much in other areas, regions, maybe slight, 
I mean, here and there, but in some customers, some -- but not generally, it's -- I cannot say that 
this 10% we are getting everywhere in Middle East and in Europe or in Southeast Asia. So U.S. 
is, of course, when the moment you have tariffs, that gives them an opportunity to raise prices. 
Praful: 
And in terms of EU? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue for follow-up questions.  
Praful: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jatin Damania from SVAN Investments. 
Jatin Damania: 
Am I audible? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, you are. 
Moderator: 
There's an echo from your side. Could you go to a better reception area or better area, where 
there's no echo? 
Jatin Damania: 
Sir, just on the previous participant's questions in terms of the pricing. During Jan Feb, March, 
we have seen the broad-based increase in the graphite electrode realization. But -- and we know 
that China is not that a big competitor for us given the technology and the quality that we are 
using it.  
So there could be some amount of the benefit that should come to HEG or the other domestic 
players who are into UHP and HEG specific. So by when one can assume that, there could be a 
benefit of the realization that was taken globally could be beneficial for us? 
Manish Gulati: 
I think, for us, I was just looking at the pricing, which you mentioned for the Jan to March 
quarter and April to June quarter, this is just about the same, a very slight increase in what we 
saw in April to June, but at the same level. And about when we see the firming of our price, we 
have to wait.  
We have to wait until the steel production turns around and show some healthy increase. And as 
I said, EAFs will be the first one to capture the opportunity because they just decide in a matter 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
of days that when they have to ramp up production. Maybe it takes two quarters or more. But I 
can only say that -- our feeling is that this is about the lowest it could get.  
But at this point, the inefficient plants start to close down, which you have seen. So it cannot go 
below this. So now how long it takes, it's anybody's guess, 2 quarters, 3 quarters, but there should 
be some firming up of price, which is dependent on how steel production does in the rest of the 
world ex China. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
So 1 more point, rather than only talking about the price and the price increase, if you talk about 
the margins, probably that is more relevant. And then the costs have also been pegged when the 
electrode prices are more or less at the same level, they are very, very slightly going up, in some 
regions going up, in some regions not going up. So the impact is not visible, but directionally, 
everybody believes in the industry that probably we have reached the bottom.  
But then you also have to look at the cost. The costs have also not gone up, which means the 
raw material prices, power prices, all other costs have not gone up in the last couple of years. 
And we have a slight advantage that now we are able to sell another 15,000, 17,000 tons within 
the same fixed cost. 
Jatin Damania: 
But now since as you mentioned that even the cost, I mean, has not gone up. So can you throw 
some light in terms of how do you see a supply of needle coke in the near to medium term and 
the cost dynamics for the same? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
It's impossible for anybody to answer that question. I mean it all depends upon what is the 
demand for electrode and the demand for needle coke, which is our raw material, depends on 
that. There are only a few suppliers. So every information is available to everybody. So when -
- obviously, when the electrode prices start increasing, the needle coke prices will also follow. 
It's only a matter of time. 
Jatin Damania: 
Okay, sir. And in terms of the capex that we announced that now we are moving from 100 crores 
to 115 at an estimated cost of near about INR650 crores without power. But at the same time, 
sir, one of our competitors also announced the expansion of 25,000 tons of capacity with a capex 
of INR600 crores, which includes the power. So just wanted to understand, because if you look 
on the per ton basis, we are on the higher side.  
So is there any change in technology or the different -- or you can probably answer why we are 
on the higher side? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
We can only speak about ourselves. We can't speak about somebody else. I mean, I don't know 
what they are doing and how they are doing. The only thing I can only tell you is that I mean we 
will not compromise on the equipment. We will not compromise on the cost of the equipment. 
We are only focusing on the quality. 
Jatin Damania: 
Okay, sir. And what sort of IRR or the payback period we can... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue. 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Jatin Damania: 
It's a follow-up question. So just on the IRR, one on this -- on the new capex? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I'll let Puneet answer that question. 
Puneet Anand: 
So we are expecting a double-digit IRR on this, and the payback is around lower than between 
4 to 5 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investment. 
Saumil Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, for this quarter gone by, our capacity utilization 
was 90% plus. So I mean, what's the outlook for the remaining year? Do we see our capacity 
utilization going up further from here? 
Manish Gulati: 
I would say that 85% maybe -- I'm sorry... 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Go ahead. 
Manish Gulati: 
Sir, I would say that this quarter was 90% plus. For the remaining quarters 3 -- as we book 
quarter-by-quarter, it's very difficult to answer for more than 1 quarter at a time or two quarters 
at a time. I think it should be around 85% -- in the region of 85% for the balance three quarters. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And sir, what is the reason for our -- I mean, margins are fluctuating every quarter? I think 
it's -- you're mentioning there is a mark-to-market profit or loss for GrafTech International. So I 
mean, how can we look at EBITDA margins for next one, two quarters? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, that mark-to-market ends up confusing a lot of investors. But if you take it out, our EBITDA 
would be very similar in the last 2 quarters and are likely to stay that way in the July to September 
quarter as well. So -- but what confuses people is that mark-to-market sometimes there's a drop 
in price and sometimes increase in price. So -- and we always mentioned in the notes, if you just 
take that out, and so you will know this quite stable EBITDA levels operationally. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. But then why do we do it every quarter? Can't we do it every year, I mean, once in a year? 
Manish Gulati: 
No, that's what IndAS and that's what auditors tell us. You have to do it every quarter. That's the 
rule. Can't help it. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And so once we remove it, I mean 17%... 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, that's right. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes. No, no, I have a sheet in front of me for the EBITDA, which obviously talks only about the 
operational EBITDA. It doesn't have to do anything with whether you made money or lost or 
the investments and all that. So our EBITDA in '22-'23 was 28%, '23-'24 was 21%, which 
dropped down to 17% in '24-'25. So immediate previous year was 17%, and this quarter was 
about 23%. So 28%, 21%, 17%, 23%. So this has been the trend. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Sorry. This you are saying after -- excluding this mark-to-market, 23% for previous 
quarter? 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Ravi Tripathi: 
So this is including the mark-to-market gain. This is including the... 
Saumil Shah: 
So without that, it will be, what, 17%? 
Ravi Tripathi: 
Yes. Without this, 17%. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And sir, my final question, sir, I wanted to know more on the Greentech business. So 
what's the current revenue and margin -- and how much can we scale this business in next 1, 2 
years? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Can you repeat your question, please? 
Saumil Shah: 
So I wanted to know more on the HEG Greentech, your anode business. So what's the current 
revenue and margins in that business? And how much can we scale this business in the next 1, 
2 years? 
Puneet Anand: 
So on the HEG Greentech thing, like, we have already told, we are setting up the anode plant 
there, 20,000 tons, that will be operational by March '27, and you can see the revenue after that. 
Today, if you ask me, there are 2 revenue streams from the HEG Greentech platform. One is our 
hydro assets, which are in Himachal.  
And secondly, our battery company, which is RePlus. Both of these companies are generating 
the revenue. So for the FY '26, you can see -- consider a revenue of, say, INR500 crores to 
INR600 crores plus EBITDA of around INR200 crores to INR225 crores in this. So apart from 
this, the other businesses, which we have actually announced in HEG Greentech, will take some 
time. And we feel that by FY '28, the other businesses will commence and then we will see the 
actual revenue and the EBITDA there. 
Saumil Shah: 
So basically, the quarter gone by, even -- this is including this HEG Greentech business? 
Puneet Anand: 
So the quarter gone by only includes the hydro because today, like we -- HEG owns around 40% 
of the equity in this opposed the infusion by the singularity in the BEL. Once the company gets 
merged and the HEG Graphite business gets demerged, then only you will see the exact revenue 
and the profitability from the HEG Greentech side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So I was wondering that after a long time, we are seeing some capacity announcements by the 
Indian companies in Graphite Electrodes. Is it fair to assume that this is coming from the needle 
coke availability from the capacity closures in the world? And just second part of this question 
is the capacity closures are in the region of 100 to 120 kt and the capacity increases announced 
are in the region of, say, total 40 kt, including you and graphite?  
So does that mean that there will be ample availability of needle coke in the future for at least 
the next 3 to 4 years to kind of avoid a large spike in needle coke prices? That was the first 
question, sir? 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I don't think we can give a very clear answer to that. But yes, what your calculations are more 
or less in the ballpark that over the last 2, 3 years, some capacities of electrodes have closed 
down in the Western world. So obviously, to that extent, there is excess needle coke available. 
This will also have to be seen whether some of these capacities of electrodes, which were closed 
down in the last 2, 3 years.  
As I said in answer to some other question earlier, there are -- all these plants, which were built 
before HEG, I'm not even sure if any plant was built within 5 or 10 years just before HEG came 
in. So most of the European and Japanese plants will be like maybe 60, 65, 70 years plus of age.  
So I'm not able to answer that question very clearly. After having closed down the plants, 
whether some of these equipments have been derailed, they have been taken away, maybe at 
some plants, they have removed everything and started using it for real estate as we heard about 
3, 4 years ago in one of the plants in Germany.  
So -- and after closing a plant, which has been in operation, which was built 60, 70 years ago, 
and after having closed for 2, 3, 4 years, whether it is as easy as it looks like that you go one day 
and restart suddenly and start operations. So these are very vague questions to answer. Nobody 
has the correct answer to that. If suddenly electrode demand was to shoot up by 30, 40, 50, 
100,000 tons, so obviously, there will be a clamor to restart some of these plants. 
 
Now which plant will be in what condition that day? And at what cost would you be able to 
restart, not just the restarting cost, but the cost of operation -- operating that plant. That plant 
was closed in the last 2, 3 years because it was not viable. So it will become viable to restart that 
plant at a cost.  
Obviously, the cost means the electrode prices will have to go up to justify restarting that plant. 
And whether you can restart that plant in 6 months, 9 months, 12 months, 2 years, this is 
anybody's guess. I mean as I said, most of these plants are more than 50, 60, 70 years old. So it's 
a very difficult question to answer. Each plant will have a different story. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
No, that's fair. Sir, actually, my other question was that because of the tariff war that we are 
seeing from U.S., Japan on Chinese electrodes, is it fair to assume that there will be a price 
pressure at least in the HP side of the market for a considerable period of time, at least in the 
near term because obviously, that Chinese exports -- I don't know what the figure is for the first 
6 months, perhaps you could share that as well. Is it going to put some pressure on the pricing 
at least on HEG? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, I don't think -- if you're talking of the lower grade, what you call HP and not UHP, high 
power and ultra-high power. So there, with the situation that Europe and America has created 
for China, Manish will tell you probably in one case, the duty is as high as 100% in some country, 
Europe or America, I don't know.  
But in both these countries, the Chinese electrodes are facing huge amount of duties. I mean, in 
India, it's only 20%, 25%, which it is very possible that there is some negotiation going on. But 
Manish, you will -- you remember, it is 93%, 94% in one country? Is it America or Europe? 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Manish Gulati: 
That was recent in Japan, 93.5%. And in U.S., depending on the supplier, it was as high as 159%, 
that and plus the 25% which they had put extra. So I can answer Rajesh's question. You see this 
HP pricing has always been competitive. And we have been -- it comprises about 25% of our 
business.  
And even earlier also, it's not about today, earlier also because of Chinese low-priced HP grade 
products, their margins have been always lower compared to the ultra-high power grade. So that 
remains competitive. Nothing has changed there. It still continues the same way. We have to -- 
we have our own set of customers. We have our own country, India, where the people buy -- 
whosoever buy electric arc furnace electrodes from us also tries and buy ladle furnace electrodes 
from us.  
But -- so that competitiveness is there. We can't help it. It's not something new which has 
happened. So therefore, years since China developed excess capacity of graphite electrodes in 
the HP grade. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And is our export domestic ratio still at 70-30, or has it changed any? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. It's the same. It's the same. No change. It's around 70-30 only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shashank Kanodia from ICICI Securities. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Just wanted to check what would be the capex outlook for this year and next year, given that we 
are heavy on the anode side, the expansion of graphite electrodes as well as some maintenance 
capex that is supposed to be spent? And secondly, how do you plan to fund it through -- do we 
see an interim debt on the balance sheet because that will be kind of a bridge loan and stuff? So 
if you can guide on the capex and the funding the same? 
Puneet Anand: 
Shashank, Puneet on this side. Shashank, the capex of anode has already been mentioned before. 
So there is capex of between INR1,800 crores to INR1,900 crores for the 20,000 tons, for which 
the HEG has put INR750 crores of equity and the rest we are doing the financial closure.  
For this expansion, which we are planning, which will be done in next 2, 3 years, this will be 
done through internal accruals plus some loans. Since HEG generates cash, so -- and the money 
will go in the phased manner. So we will be planning it internal accruals and some debt around 
it. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
So this year, could we see INR1,000 crores of cash outflow on the capex part, anode and graphite 
all put together this year and next year? 
Puneet Anand: 
Yes, easily. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
So around INR1,000 crores of capex, right, for both the things put together? 
Puneet Anand: 
Like I said, the plan of anode is going full-fledged and the capex and machinery order has already 
started. So I think it could also increase. 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Okay. And interim, we should have some debt on the books as well, right, incrementally because 
the cash flow is hardly INR300 crores, INR40-odd crores per year and you have some amount 
of liquidity on the balance sheet as well? 
Puneet Anand: 
Right. So interimly, yes, we will be -- we are raising -- we are doing the financial closure for the 
anode project that is undergoing. For the expansion, we are already have started the paperwork 
and all. So interim, we will be having certain debt here. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from Marshmallow Capital. 
Rohit: 
I mean first off, I would like to thank the management. Your calls are always very educational. 
My question is basically a follow-up on what the Chairman said earlier on GrafTech. So you 
mentioned that around 10 months back when we bought it, GrafTech was around one-third of 
the market cap of HEG itself, and that's why the purchase made sense.  
And today, if I see, I think GrafTech is 1/4 the market cap. And so when you allocate capital to 
graphite electrode capacity, right, you chose to expand over, let's say, increasing further stake in 
GrafTech. So for the $70 million that we are putting out, we could have bought maybe 15%, 
20% additional GrafTech.  
So how would you take the decision on expanding capacity or 15%, 20% of GrafTech is sort of 
equivalent to getting additional 30,000, 40,000 tons capacity, right? So how do you make the 
decision? And why not have more capacity in GrafTech instead of doing an organic expansion? 
Puneet Anand: 
So Rohit ji, Puneet Anand this side. I'll take this thing. So Rohit ji, see, since, if you see the 
history of HEG, we never invested in equity. The investment in GrafTech is because we 
understand this business. But that doesn't mean that we put all our eggs in one basket. So when 
we are doing an expansion, that is the core business of HEG and we are positive about that.  
Secondly, if you -- like our Chairman already discussed earlier also, there is a huge cost 
difference between GrafTech and HEG cost of production. So GrafTech share is only for 
investment purposes, which we will keep and whenever we feel there is a substantial profit we 
are making for the shareholders, we will exit. But business we are doing for a longer duration, 
and we will do the expansions. 
 
And just to add, Rohit ji, here one more thing. So the shares which we have bought, these are 
bought under OPI route, which doesn't allow us go beyond 10%. And the management is not of 
any opinion to change it into the ODI route. If we have any change in the investment decision 
that we will discuss with the Board and we will inform the investors. 
Rohit: 
Okay. So there's some sort of a regulation which sort of restricts us going beyond 10 at this point 
in time as well. Is that correct? 
Puneet Anand: 
Yes. So Indian companies are only allowed to do so through 2 routes. We have taken the OPI 
route to do it. 

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Rohit: 
Understood. And second opposing question on GrafTech. It's sort of a follow-up on a previous 
participant. See, we -- I mean, at least if I see the last year's annual cash flow, they have generated 
an operating cash loss of around INR100 crores and their available liquidity is around $300 
million to $400 million -- sorry, $100 million cash loss -- $90 million to $100 million of cash 
loss against the available liquidity of around $300 million to $400 million.  
And I understand there are covenants around the liquidity also because they're coming off some 
working capital as well or line of credit there as well. So I mean, while I think Manish, sir, did 
mention that over the next 2 years, we should see upturn. But given the available liquidity covers 
their cash flows. 
If you just take the last year's cash flows only for 3, 4 years, isn't there a risk in that context, 
wouldn't that have been a better option to go for instead of equity? So here, I'm sort of 
contradicting my first question. So in that context, it wouldn't have been better to expand 
capacity further here? Why go for GrafTech at all given this possible bankruptcy, given the cash 
flow loss that they have last year? And if that is analyzed, we can see them getting bankrupt in 
2, 3 years? 
Puneet Anand: 
So Rohit ji, what's your question here? I didn't understand your question. 
Rohit: 
No. So do you -- I mean, so the operating cash loss last year is around 90 million to 100 million. 
And the available liquidity, I believe, is around INR300-odd million. So they seem to have 
runway only for 3 years. So how do you think of that risk there given that some amount of 
liquidity is coming from line of credit, which has covenants attached to it? 
Puneet Anand: 
Correct. So I can discuss the only things which I know through the announcement done by 
GrafTech. We are not privy to any other information from the management directly. The thing 
is that we are positive about turning of this business in the next few quarters also, and it might 
turn very swiftly.  
So yes, there is a risk that 25 million every quarter, they are burning and they have a $300 million 
of liquidity there. But also, they have certain lines of credit, which they can also withdraw if 
they need money. So this INR900 million of debt, which is there, it was due in '27. The creditors 
actually extended it to '29, plus they have given them the additional lines also if it is required.  
But we are hopeful that in next 2, 3 years and 3 years is a very large period of time, we are very 
hopeful that the entire industry will change. The kind of new EAF plants are coming. So we feel 
that the pricing and things will change. 
Rohit: 
Understood. Fair enough. I mean this is very -- yes, sorry. 
Puneet Anand: 
We always evaluate our investments and diligently and see from the risk perspective. So 
whenever the management or the Board of Directors feel that it is going on a different route, so 
we will take the call that way. 
Rohit: 
Yes. Understood. Fair enough. I mean this was very helpful. Thank you so much for the 
opportunity. I will get back in the queue.  

HEG Limited 
August 04, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of SKP Securities and HEG Limited, thank you for 
attending the HEG Quarterly Concall for Q1 '26. I now hand the conference to Mr. Jhunjhunwala 
for closing comments. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you, friends. And as always, we -- I hope you've been able to answer most of your 
questions, may not -- all of them may not have been totally to what you expected, but under the 
circumstances that we are talking publicly we have to be reserved in some cases, but we have 
always been -- we have always tried to be as open as possible to the extent that we can be in the 
public domain.  
So I thank you for all your interest. It was a long -- probably the longest call. And I hope you 
keep taking so much of interest, which will make us more and more alert. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SKP Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
