Ritco Logistics Limited 
 
Corp. & Admin. Office: “RITCO HOUSE” 336, Phase-II, Udyog Vihar, Gurugram - 122016, Haryana   
Ph.:   0124-4702300/301      E-mail:   ho@ritcologistics.com   CIN   No.:   L60221DL2001PLC112167 
Regd. Office: 508, 5
th Floor, Jyoti Shikhar Tower, District Centre, Janakpuri, New Delhi-110058 Ph.: 011-
25522158 
www.ritcologistics.com 
Date: 20th August, 2025 
 
To, 
                        To, 
The Manager 
                                                         The General Manager 
Listing Department                                                         Department of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                         Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, G Block,                        1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)                        Building,  Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Mumbai-400051                                                                Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
NSE SYMBOL: RITCO                                                  BSE Scrip Code: 542383 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“LODR Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 and further to our intimation 
dated 12th August 2025, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on 13th August, 2025, in respect of the standalone and consolidated 
unaudited financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.  
 
The transcript can also be accessed on the Company’s website at the following link: 
 
https://www.ritcologistics.com/ep3  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
For Ritco Logistics Limited 
 
 
 
Gitika Arora 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Gitika 
Arora
Digitally signed 
by Gitika Arora 
Date: 2025.08.20 
23:30:45 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Ritco Logistics Limited Q1 FY-26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV ELWADHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
RITCO LOGISTICS LIMITED. 
MR. M.S. CHADHA – CHAIRMAN, RITCO LOGISTICS 
LIMITED. 
MR. SARTHAK ELWADHI – CO-FOUNDER, TRUCKSUP. 
MR. VIRENDRA YADUVANSHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, TRUCKSUP. 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAHIL SANGHVI – MONARCH NETWORTH 
CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ritco Logistics Limited Q1 FY’26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that, this conference is being recorded. 
Please note this conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, 
which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you sir. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Yes. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you, Palak. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital 
we welcome you to the 1Q FY’26 Earnings Call of Ritco Logistics Limited. 
We are delighted to host the Management of Ritco today, and from their side, we have Mr. 
Sanjeev Elwadhi – the Managing Director at Ritco. We have Mr. M.S. Chadha – the Chairman 
at Ritco Logistics. We have Mr. Sarthak Elwadhi – Co-founder, TrucksUp, and we have Mr. 
Virendra Yaduvanshi – Chief Executive Officer, TrucksUp. 
So without taking much time, I will hand over the call to Mr. Sanjeev Elwadhi for the opening 
introductory remarks. Over to you, Sanjeev sir. 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Good afternoon, everybody. Namaskar, My name is Sanjeev Elwadhi and I will speak in both 
English and Hindi so that all are comfortable. So along with me is my childhood friend who is 
the Chairman of the Company. We are together for last now three decades and now next 
generation, my son and his son has also joined after having experience in UK and Australia, 
studying in the best universities, they have also joined the business in last two years. So along 
with me, Sarthak who is my son, he is the Co-founder of TrucksUp, which is the aggregator 
platform. They will explain about that platform later on. And our very respectable CEO, Mr. 
Virendra Yaduvanshi has a experience of more than 25 years in tech and aggregator platform. 
So, he is the CEO for TrucksUp, and myself is the Managing Director for Ritco. 
So in next 10 minute, I will explain about Ritco and the journey, how we have reached to this 
level. So we started the business in 1996 childhood friend me and Man Mohanji, and it was a 
typical small transport company from a very small one office, and from there we have reached 
to this level. So initially we were doing for some liquid transportation, then small transportation, 
and gradually we have increased our portfolio. So by 2000 we have understood that how the 
world is changing and India is opening up. So we started hiring the people. Earlier, it was 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
typically run by us, by our own people. Then we hired professional from the industry. By 2015 
it was never looking back, and we became the number one logistic company from transport 
company. I will tell you the difference, and we became number one in petrochemical. So today, 
wherever the petrochemical is produced in India, be it Reliance, ONGC, GAIL, MRPL, Indian 
Oil. HPCL, Hindustan Mittal, or Haldia Petrochemical, Mitsubishi, wherever the petrochem is 
produced, we are number one choice, and by volume also, and in terms of the turnover also. So 
our share from that petrochem industry is almost 42% to 44% and in terms of sharing ratio of 
petrochemical, it is reducing, but in terms of value it is increasing because now we are more 
focusing on infrastructure and alternative energy business. So, I told you that transport business 
to logistic industry how it changed from 2015-16 when the GST was to come so we met many 
high profile people. We went for course in IIM Ahmedabad and then the dean of IIM Ahmedabad 
was also on our advisor also. Then we went for the IPO in 2019 lot of people from the industry, 
once we became, visibility has increased, they joined us, and today I can say with the proud that 
all the top notch people experience, not only from the logistic industry, but also from Ola, Uber, 
Paytm, ATL, they are working with our company at very senior position. 
So, Ritco has evolved over these years from a transport company to the logistic company, and 
now our target is next year we will change the complete dynamics of our company. Now, we 
will be from logistic company, it will be complete supply chain company. So, I tell you, 
transport, logistic and supply chain. So typically, we were the transporters, and we own very less 
number of trucks, though and we have more than 30,000 trucks in on Ritco portfolio, although 
in trucks we have more than 3,68,000 trucks. That is the different thing, which I will tell you 
later on. But we have more than 30,000 vendors all over India who believe and trust in Ritco. 
These are single operator who works for us. So we take big contracts on total concept basis like 
we will move their full material, it is a 10 ton, 20 ton, 30 ton so we give them the complete 
solution. Over the year then we have started providing the warehousing facility. And we have 
10 warehouses, nothing is owned by us it is only on lease basis. So we have a warehouse for 
Reliance, we have for MRPL, then we have for Indian Oil, and we have for Mitsubishi. These 
type of warehouses we have all over India. And now, we have also started the business of implant 
logistic which is a huge success. The time has come now, similarly like MNC, now Indian big 
companies also outsourcing their in-house logistics. It means that all manpower we have to 
provide skilled, unskilled labor to them and then forklifts. So we do back-to-back business with 
our vendors and this drives us a huge margin and it's a long term contract. Moreover, our all the 
contract are from one to three years. So this is all B2B business, and we are investing heavily on 
technology, because we believe in technology, both children have come from abroad, so they 
have their own experience. And now we have aggregator platform which is run only on 
technology. So that inspire us to work more on technology. So over the years, we are doing 
business with lot of this value chain, and then focusing more on infrastructure, so steel, cement 
and this solar system. So we are working for many companies like Waaree, Adani Solar, Tata 
Solar, Vikram Solar, I am forgetting the few names. So wherever the solar is produced, we are 
there. 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
So this is all about Ritco Logistics it is B2B business and our growth in Ritco over these years 
is always if you see from 2021, it is almost 25% to 28%. Last year also we did 27% and if you 
see, although Mr. Man Mohan who is the Chairman, he will tell you more about data when you 
will ask him about financial but, just for the overview, that from June to June this year, we have 
a growth of 40% which is remarkable. And from the 1st Quarter to this quarter, we have a growth 
of almost 3%. First quarter is always lesser than the March, because March the last quarter of 
the year is always we have a huge dispatches all over India. But in spite the we have a huge 
dispatch, still we are able to beat the March result in this quarter, which is itself a very remarkable 
thing. 
Now, let me talk about TrucksUp: 
So TrucksUp is an aggregator platform, in next two, three minutes, I will explain everything 
about TrucksUp. Most of the trucks which you see on the road, 85% of these trucks are owned 
or managed by the single operator. When I say single operator, these are the vehicle owner who 
have one to 10 truck. They are heavily depending on the broker, middleman and other factor for 
getting the load, their asset utilization is very less, almost about you can say, 65%. So maximum 
15 to 16 days they can run their vehicle and most of the time vehicles are holding because of the 
load availability. And sometimes their empty running is more for getting the load. So this is their 
biggest problem. So road transportation almost contribute the rough data, though it is not very 
particular data available different platform giving different data, but 70% to 72% are through 
road transportation, and 85% of that is owned by these industry which are under the asset 
utilization. 
So in TrucksUp, we do two things. First, we create a demand for them and we have more than 
30,000 business associates who puts their load on our platform. And we have more than three 
lakh trucks who avails the services. And it's more like a Ola and Uber, uberization of the 
trucking. So wherever they get unloaded, they get the load from there. So this is the idea, which 
pilot run is already done, and our subscription has also started on pilot basis, on state-to-state, 
and we got phenomenal result from the market. So we do one thing is this, to increase their asset 
utilization, and not force them then willingly we are taking our subscription to access our app, 
where we have more than three lakh download and more than 3,68,000 trucks from all over 
India. And second thing is that, these guys are commercially very weak. They are single 
operators, so they do not know how to buy the best insurance and how to get the claim services, 
the FASTag, the fuel discount they do not know, insurance policies they have lot of problem in 
case of claim, and moreover when they want to buy the vehicle they do not know how to get into 
the ecosystem. So TrucksUp is the first company in India, I repeat it with proud again, it is the 
first company in India who has created the complete ecosystem where single operator can come 
and buy the truck. When I say buy the truck, within the TrucksUp, we have one services which 
is called TrucksHub, where all the big fleet owners all over India we call them LFO, large fleet 
owner, they put their vehicle to sell, because after getting GST benefit and depreciation, they 
sell the vehicle after five years. So single operator, or the drivers, who want to become an owner, 
they want to buy these vehicles. So it is not like a car business that you will get the car in within 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
the city. So person is in Punjab, he may get the truck from Kerala. So TrucksUp is a virtual 
platform where everybody put their photographs and it is all linked with the MParivahan high 
tech system so driver or truck owner can see the truck and can talk to the seller directly. So we 
are creating an opportunity for him to buy the truck, and immediately we have a finance facility 
back-to-back. So we have a agreement with Shriram Finance, AU Finance, HDFC, these all 
OEM agreement is already done and working properly. So he gets in-house finance immediately. 
Then comes to the insurance, so we have tie up with the four insurance companies, we give them 
the insurance, and then we have a tie up with the HPCL and IOCL today, our team CEO and Mr. 
Sarthak, is already there with IOCL for a big agreement with them on discount. So, then they 
get the fuel also, the discount also on fuel, because a single operator, they don't get discount, but 
through us, our volume will be highest one day. So they are getting better discount if they buy 
the fuel through us. So similarly, in case of FASTag also. So in future we may add lot of value 
creation. And then ultimately, he can sell the trucks from this platform also. So, the whole 
ecosystem to create the job opportunity to become an entrepreneur for the single operator or for 
the driver we are creating. So in terms of road transportation we are helping them to reduce the 
logistic cost, which is the dream project for our Nitin Gadkariji regarding lowering it from 14% 
to 8%, that work TrucksUp has been doing and will continue the same. So, this is whole about 
the TrucksUp, now I would request whatever question you have first, we will start with Ritco, 
and later on we can start with the TrucksUp. Thank you, thank you everybody. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ishant Lalvani from Ashika Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Ishant Lalvani: 
So could you break down the current revenue mix by segment for example, how much revenue 
coming from contract logistics, FTL business, et cetera? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Very good question, sir. Sir 90% business comes from our B2B business of transportation, and 
remaining 10% business come from all value added services which is, I forgot to add one value 
that is multi model. We have become a business associate for Concor also. So to reply your 
question, that 10% come from warehousing, implant logistics and distribution and multi model. 
These all services we have started very recently in last one year or so. So their number will 
increase, ware housing and implant logistics it's not a number game, it’s a (Inaudible) 14:34 
game. So, in terms of volume, it may not affect much, but it will help to increase our bottom 
line, but yes, our multimodal business, we have a target that within three year, this will have 
30% volume of our business in future. 
Ishant Lalvani: 
Also, can you share the EBITDA margin from each segment? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Honestly speaking, I may not have but if you talk about the operating margin, generally we work 
for B2B business from an all value addition services from 10% to 14%, but the warehousing and 
implant logistic business works on 20%. So that is why I am saying that, implant logistic is not 
only warehousing, but there are a lot of value added services that is why the margin value is 
more. So this is how it works. So overall, our EBITDA margin is 8.1% because the volume is 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
not very significant. So it may not reflect immediately, but in coming one to three years, it will 
have a huge impact on our balance sheet. 
Ishant Lalvani: 
Also, how do you see the overall mixed percentage evolve in the next five years, and which 
segment is likely to become the largest revenue contributor in upcoming five years? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Sir, the way the road building is happening all over India, and the way infrastructure with 
government stability, till 2029 we are very sure that infrastructure will be the key focus for Ritco. 
And that is why we are spreading our wings in a big way in steel and cement industry. Today, 
we work with Jindal all groups, Tata and downstream of steel and inward movement, outward 
movement, all mining project, everything which is related to the infra. So we believe that our 
road transportation will still dominate. But now customer is asking us to give a bigger, better 
solution other than the road also. So that is why we are focusing more on multimodal now-a-
days creating a team, people are coming even from Concor also and big railway companies, even 
the retired railway people are also joining us. So we have a target that, as I mentioned earlier 
that within three years, this will be not at least it should be 30% of our total volume from 
multimodal. As far as profitability is concerned, profitability from the warehousing and implant 
logistic will be much bigger. 
Ishant Lalvani: 
Okay, and regarding your TrucksUp business, could you first explain how it differs from? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Sir, I would suggest that, we decided that first we will go for the Ritco. But since you have asked 
for TrucksUp, I will continue, please carry on let's finish this first. 
Ishant Lalvani: 
So regarding the TrucksUp business, could you explain how it differs from platforms like Porter. 
Also, how will you monetize the TrucksUp business? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
So, this might be lot of yours question. You have asked it so I will tell you. Porter main focus 
business is within the city, so they deal with the 2 ton, 3 ton and 4 ton, and they take the 
responsibility of money also, and working capital also they have to put, so we are totally different 
from there. We are not responsible, we are not taking money directly for the freight. It means 
that we are on the subscription basis and value added services. So our business works like a 
intra-city, the trucks which are all over India their B2B business which is 95% of the business. 
So we serve to them, rather than within the city. So we have no plan to go within the city business 
number one. Our main focus is to reduce this empty running and the idle cost for the tracker. So 
that he earn more and still reduce the price, and the consignor or consignee will be benefited. So 
in this process, we take the subscription, which is 300, 600, 900, 3000, and 14,000 depending 
upon what subscription he has taken, we have lot of value-added services there. So it is already 
started, monetization has already happened. In fact, first quarter we have done a business of 
almost Rs.1.75 crore. In this quarter we are targeting to cross Rs.3 crore. So, in this year itself 
we have a target of crossing Rs.15 crore business, which is fantastic job for a company like us, 
who has very recently started, number one. And number two, for value added services also, the 
revenue has already started. How it comes, that we set up our discount with Indian Oil and 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
HPCL, and then we pass the part of the discount to the single operator, depending on his 
consumption. So the time is not very fast, I can see that we will be the largest consumer of fuel, 
oil without owning any fleet. We will be the largest consumer of insurance policy without 
owning any fleet. So this is how it will work. So where services work like this that we get a 
volume discount, and part of the discount will be passed so it will be a win-win situation for both 
of us, the vehicle owner also, for us also, and the load provider also, because ultimately he is 
getting the truck within two hours. That is our target, that within 120 minutes, we provide him a 
truck and today it takes for him for one to three days to get the truck. So this is how it works. 
Ishant Lalvani: 
And how many number of active users daily? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
I would request our CEO to reply this question, because it's more technical. Virendra, can you 
please explain how many users we have daily and concurrent users, he has asked few technical 
thing which you can tell better. 
Virendra Yaduvanshi: 
Yes, sir. Hi Ishant you are asking about the number of concurrent user who are visiting our 
platform, who are coming for the loads, or looking for the loads, right? 
Ishant Lalvani: 
Right. 
Virendra Yaduvanshi: 
So on average basis we have near about 7.5k to 8.5k number of loads, people are putting the 
loads, and near about. 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
7.5, 8.5000, sorry. 
Virendra Yaduvanshi: 
Yes, sorry its 7.5 to 8.5 thousands loads are coming and near about 18,000 to 19,000 numbers 
of users are visiting the platform for the loads. 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
That is on daily basis. 
Virendra Yaduvanshi: 
That is on a daily basis. 
Ishant Lalvani: 
Also, what percentage of annual expense that is currently allocated to this TrucksUp business? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Okay, so this thing is with me. So, I would like to add, because CFO was to join also, but he is 
down with the Dengue. So he has given me some figure. So your question, though you have 
many questions which may solve the purpose of many people, but other must have also asked 
you question. So, I would give this reply. So we have, as of now you are talking about TrucksUp. 
Our expense is almost 1.7 to 2.2 crore, depending upon in which month we are doing which 
branding and all that. We have not taken any celebrity, we have signed 50 YouTuber with us at 
very low price, and they are doing digital, social media promotion for us on one, one video you 
can find on TrucksUp they have more than 10 million or 5 million views. So this is how we are 
spreading and penetration is happening in every corner of India. 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Maan from Growth Spear Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Maan: 
Sir, I have last two questions, but is how big contribution is TrucksUp in next two to three years 
in the total profit after tax or revenue, how are we seeing it to scale up? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Our CEO is on line and we talk to all the higher members in our team category wise about fuel, 
Fastag, GPS and load. So, Trucks up is targeting to come on breakeven within two years and 
then subsequently trucks up will be contributing to our PAT, and this is what we have made in 
our business plan. And till now whatever we have made we are achieving that. So, within two 
years this will be breakeven, or maybe before. 
Management: 
Okay. And breakeven since you said so how much fixed cost will be in it and how much will be 
variable cost which we will have to pay monthly? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Sir, 70% is salary and we don’t have any infra everything is virtual, rest 25% to 30% cost is 
variable cost which is linked with the business which is coming. Like we have a growth partner 
system, we have people all over India but initially we have 300 people but now we are recruiting 
them as a growth guru. So we pay them very small amount, and then they are converted into the 
growth partner, technically like a channel partner. And in next year, we will be giving no fixed 
cost, but they will be on the performance basis. So nationwide we will start a campaign as well 
in which we will have all the 12th pass students who can use phone to join this mission, because 
now in metro and semi-metro we have opportunity of Zomato, Blinkit, Ola, Uber, in tier 2, tier 
3, tier 4 cities where this opportunity will not come in coming 10 to 15 years because their 
shopping trend is different. So, these people will come in cities but we are saying don’t come, 
you can stay close to your village, join a group of 50 to 100 and tell them about the fuel card and 
explain them the discount and incentive. So, we are trying to create an environment in India so 
that everyone becomes entrepreneur, just like Har Ghar Tiranga likewise in every village there 
should be three to five people who will push their village emotionally, financially to take their 
services. And the best part is, when they are taking the services they are coming on the app and 
when they are coming on the app they are increasing our load board. So, this is the whole 
ecosystem we are trying to build up. 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Vinay, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinay: 
So I have two questions, we have done lot of hiring for rail and multimodal business for 
TrucksUp too. So, if you can give some inside what is the reason for the new hirers and how 
much they can contribute going ahead? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
In our service industry as we are asset light company so money is raw material and men are 
machine. So, we have quality man power, and if someone ask in the forum what is affecting your 
growth, then I say man power. Ritco, has people from last 15, 20, 25 years because we create 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
wealth for them and it’s a listed company so we provide ESOPs and all that. So, we can attract 
the talent and we have a very strong training system. So, coming straight away to your question 
now. As in multimodal we have technical services for which we needed people from Concor, 
we needed people from Adani, we needed people from railway, so that is why massive hiring is 
happening and most of these people are technical people. The sales guy will remain from Ritco’s 
team, and they will go to the customer but the operation built is being done by the people who 
come from these industries, number one. Number two, you said TrucksUp as it is on growing 
stage so, next six months there will be continue hiring, we have two type of hiring. Honestly, as 
the BlackBuck’s national head, he joined as a Chief Marketing Officer in our company 10 days 
back, which is a big breakthrough for us. And similarly, from Paytm we have lot of senior people 
in our marketing team, Chief Growth Officer joined from Airtel. So, we have few senior profile 
people and some low-level people too which are from BO level with a salary of Rs.25,000 plus 
incentive. So, in TrucksUp we have massive hiring to penetrate in every cluster where truck is 
available. Where you live? 
Vinay: 
I live in Bombay. 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
So, as you stay in Bombay so you might be knowing Bhiwandi and Thane is a massive area of 
truckers. So, these are the places and at these clusters we are increasing the penetration. So, as 
we have experience of Ritco we know where the demand and supply is so on that basis we are 
using the experience. Now the person who made Patanjali supply chain, Mr. Mansingh is with 
us for last many years. He was right hand of Baba Ramdev, and his name is Mansingh you can 
check on our app also, he is our COO. So, we have bought them because they trust us and they 
have seen the growth of Ritco and they have seen our ESOP facility and we they have seen our 
care against our employees as well. I am getting a bit emotional now our CEO is on line and he 
was in Manipal Group, he was the right hand of Mr. Pai. He is the person who has created 
SahiBandhu app for the gold loan, by leaving that stable job he has joined a startup like TrucksUp 
so we can say something on that. I have that aura to convince people and bring them on our side. 
Vinay: 
Good to know sir and good development and very positive. I have one more question, what will 
be our marketing spend on TrucksUp month-on-month basis because we are on a startup mode 
so month-on-month how much we would be spending on marketing advertisement? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Initially when we hired marketing agency then we got a bit carried away in first one, two months. 
They were talking very big and we had almost finalized with Rishabh Pant but after that we 
changed our strategy, people have come from Airtel, Paytm, Ola, Uber they guided us and said 
our users are normal truckers, business associate, it may be a agent, it may be a facilitator, how 
to get to these people. So, when they see such successful people they are not able to relate with 
them and that’s the problem of transport industry so we have to go to such people and use that 
market who connect with them. So, we signed 50 YouTubers, if you see Mr. Rajesh and if he is 
making one Chicken Curry and if he keeps TrucksUp app with him then he gets 40 lakh views 
on it. So, we have hired such type of people all over India and our download is also linked with 
that to see how much we got from YouTube, Google and all. So, almost our cost of 2 crore, 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
around 25% to 30% is for branding and digital promotion and medical camps. If we go directly 
to sell something to the truckers directly they see it with a doubt. So, when we put a medical 
camp where 500 drivers or truck owner are sitting and you are explaining them and doing indirect 
marketing and giving them a cap, we have a scheme and if you open our app then after every 
month like currently we have of 15th August, click a family picture with flag then the best 10 
will get a TV. So, we have our offices everywhere and we have tie up with Meesho so the TVs 
get delivered and then we glorify it and put it on the app. So, we are doing the branding by such 
small things and we are not doing anything huge. So, this is how we plan to do it. 
Vinay: 
Okay. And can we get a number, in a month how much would be the run rate so we get a clarity 
on it 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Which number? 
Vinay: 
Marketing spends, if you can share a number of TrucksUp? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
We have split it very nicely but currently I don’t have it, I can give you a guess because we have 
in different parts for digital marketing, YouTube marketing in parts, caller center marketing and 
all that. So, when I say 30% of Rs.2 crore so, around Rs.50 to Rs.60 lakh a month goes on 
marketing on Google Ads, YouTube ads, Influencers. And influencers are not very expensive 
ones. Only two influencers who get crores views are a bit expensive and they take around Rs.2 
to Rs.2.5 lakh for a post and rest all influencers take Rs.10,000 to Rs.50,000 per video, this is 
how we are trying to do. We don’t want to over push the things. So, gradually we are creating 
that eco-system in which all vehicle, type, repairing guy relates with it and we do something for 
them. He connects with us to buy the vehicle, put family photo at holi, something like that we 
are trying to connect with them. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moksh Ranka from Arun Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Moksh Ranka: 
Sir, I wanted to know about capital allocation, recently we have raised money in preferential and 
in that Rs.20 crores we have put in TrucksUp and with the rest we raised more vehicles. So, in 
future we will have vehicles on our balance sheet or we will be asset light via TrucksUp? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Moksh it’s a good question. Sir we have raised Rs.100 crores, Rs.20 crore was assigned to 
TrucksUp and we did that very professionally we made 20 FDs of Rs.1 crore each and kept in 
bank and every month they take one FD and you will see in the balance sheet the other income 
in TrucksUp is of our FD. Rs.80 crore that came in Ritco is not at all for buying the trucks, for 
buying the trucks we don’t need money, we get 100% financing, and we around 300 trucks and 
we keep that much trucks only and we buy these because lot of tenders have a clause of keep x 
number of trucks. As we participate in large tenders we have few clauses of that and some we 
have talked with the government and kept in it so that small operators don’t get in. And we have 
few driver training program and management so we few areas we have to control the freight by 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
sending our vehicles. So, we have not used a single rupee from that Rs.80 crore in our trucks 
and we won’t do so in future as well. It is all invested. Around Rs.3.5 to Rs.4 crore  is invested 
in technology because we have come up with one of the best software for Ritco Logistics and 
rest of the money is used for working capital, warehouse lease rental, the deposit amount of two 
to three months which we have to give so we are using it in that. We have no plans to invest in 
asset now and nor in future too. And if there is any situation when we have to get our own trucks 
then we have TrucksUp and by clicking a button we get number of vehicles. So buying vehicles 
is no sense for us. We maintain the figure of 300, 350 for tender process. We have some 
customized vehicles as well, for example if we get a big work from someone in which we need 
100 trucks every day and in that he wants four trucks to be customized within plant and for that 
he will have to look out but we don’t want to let him go out so we create a customize vehicle for 
him, this works like this. 
Moksh Ranka: 
Okay. I wanted to know in future where will our capital be utilized majorly in Ritco and 
TrucksUp. In TrucksUp you said it will be more in marketing. I wanted to know in the coming 
two, three years where are we investing in Ritco? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Ritco is a non-asset base company like TrucksUp and all our customers are blue-chip, 40% of 
government companies work is done via Navratan, rest all the work is done by Reliance, ITC, 
Nestle. So, our money is utilized for working capital only and somewhat for technology up-
gradation. And we do have internal sources so if we require anything after 2 years, so we have 
the support of banks too so we don’t see any problem in future funding or something like that. 
TrucksUp is our focus where we have raise fund and we will do that in March end. We are not 
doing it right now as we don’t require it now, we have money till Jan and Feb which I told you 
the Rs.20 crore FDs which we have and we utilize that every month. Everybody are excited and 
we have the CEO on line too, they are like as it’s a startup so let’s burn the money, and the more 
you burn the money more you become famous. But we have created Ritco Logistics with great 
efforts so we can’t spend in that way, lot of our consultants say to spend money on advertisement, 
marketing and all but spending wisely makes us productive, we might not get an output just by 
buying it anywhere. So, we balance that thin line. 
Moksh Ranka: 
I use your app though I don’t have a truck, but as an investor I thought of going through the 
TrucksUp app and I am using it from a long time. And it’s very fluid and not utilized much 
money in it. So, very good opinion about that. 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Everything you do in our app that is more of pictorial basis because our user is not like user of 
Zomato or all these things. Everything is done in two steps and those you can’t write and use 
their voice command. So, we have created the app accordingly. If you had a truck or if you 
worked on it then you would feel the ease of understanding it. So, focus is that, you won’t find 
any scooter coming with a flag, or any other advertisement. It is very simple when truck owner 
or single operator is driving or making food and when he lands on the app his only focus is to 
find the load and that should be upfront and not inside. So, we have our thinking that way because 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
we have gone through that time when we had only two vehicles, so we know that pain and their 
thinking too. So, accordingly we have created the app in that way. 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Heta from Monark AIF. Please go ahead. 
Heta: 
I just had two questions. Firstly, on the Ritco Logistics core business, I understand you are now 
adding new sectors and I believe the first participant you did mention that you plan to sustain 
the margins at 8%. Now, considering that we are entering new sectors we are also planning to 
expand the multimodal business. So, what is the outlook on margins, do we estimate the margins 
to go 100 or 200 bps higher. And does this diversification help with reducing the working capital 
days, compared to FY’25? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Ma’am you have multiple question, I’ll answer them one by one. As I mentioned earlier also that 
implant logistic and warehouse will add lot of in bottom line, but their volume is not it's not a 
business which you can go and immediately get. It takes working and hardship of skilled work 
of lot of months to get that business. So definitely coming one, two, three year, this will affect 
positively on our margins. Number one, as far as warehouse and implant logistic is concerned. I 
cannot disclose the name, we are in a process of getting few very big business. In fact, Sarthak 
is in the line. He also sees the warehouse business of Ritco and number one. Number two, 
multimodal business gives us the value addition services, which help us to keep the customer 
with us and take a bigger volume, in a way that today for relay services is going to say to is 
going to Adani or Concor, not directly to the Concor say BP world and for road transportation, 
he is with the Ritco or any other company. Today we are telling them, you forget about going to 
the multiple people. We will give the services, we will give the one rate, either we could take it 
through the road model, road or rate. So that gives comfort to the customer, especially in case 
of this rainy seasons, where natural calamities, where our capacity to move the material through 
rail which reduces the pressure on the road also. So, I am not sure I will not overcome it, that it 
will have a immediately effect on bottom line, but obviously in coming one, two, three years, 
this will affect our bottom line in a positive way. 
Heta: 
Sir, would it be possible to quantify it by what percentage or by what basis points it could 
improve, any possible guidance? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
I don’t think it’s right to give such big commitment on this platform, but still you can drop an 
email and I don’t know if we are allowed or not to speak on this call, we are doing it first time 
in our life. So, we can have that data and if it is allowed then we can share it with you, what is 
our business plan in regard to that? 
Heta: 
Okay. And sir also on the working capital days, if you could, speak on that? 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Yes, we have reduced the working capital, in last four years if you see from 125 days to now it 
is, I will ask Man Mohanji, it is 103 days. Man Mohanji what is the? 

 
Ritco Logistics Limited 
August 13, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Man Mohan Singh: 
109 days. 
Sanjeev Elwadhi: 
Now, it is 109 days and this year our target is 103 days. And we are developing a software which 
we have already started working rather, it is now almost on the finishing stage where we API 
integration is happening with many customer who are open to help us to give the online pod, 
because their auditor has to accept and all that. So we have started to explain them the whole 
process and hopefully in the coming days this will come down and it has to come down and it 
will come down. We are working on that. In fact in last five days we have brought it down.  
Man Mohan Singh: 
Our target is to bring it down to 95, 100 days in coming one, two years we are working very 
hard on it. We are doing different things to bring it down. Our target is to bring it down to 90 
days in coming probably mid because we are growing also very fast. So probably we are trying 
to maintain it, our target is 90 days in coming two, three years. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, due to interest of time, that was the last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital 
Limited for closing comments. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Just want to thank the management, especially Sanjeev sir and the whole team for patiently and 
elaborately answering all the questions. And also would like to thank all the participants for 
joining the call. Thank you and that concludes the call. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
