 
 
 
1st August 2025 
 
To: 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (Scrip Code: FSL)  
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited (Scrip Code: 
532809)  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Analysts Earnings call conducted after the meeting of Board 
of Directors on 30th July 2025 
 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Analysts earnings call conducted on 30th July 
2025, after the meeting of Board of Directors held on 30th July 2025, for your 
information and records. 
 
This 
information 
is 
also 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
The audio/video recordings of the Analysts earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Nambiar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
POOJA 
SURESH 
NAMBIAR
Digitally 
signed by 
POOJA 
SURESH 
NAMBIAR

 
 
 
 
FIRSTSOURCE SOLUTIONS LIMITED  
Q1FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
JULY 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RITESH IDNANI, 
MD & CEO 
MR. DINESH JAIN 
CFO 
 
 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Firstsource Solutions Limited Q1FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
On this call, we have Mr. Ritesh Idnani – MD and CEO; Mr. Dinesh Jain, – CFO to provide 
an overview on Company's performance followed by the Q&A. 
Please note that some of the matters that we will discuss on this call including the 
Company's business outlook are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and 
unknown risks. These uncertainties and risks are included but not limited to what Company 
has mentioned in its prospectus filed with SEBI and consequent annual reports that are 
available on its website. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you. Hello, everybody. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our Financial Results 
for the first Quarter of FY26. 
Before I start with the discussion on our quarter performance, I would like to thank each one 
of our 34,495 Firstsourcers around the world whose passion and commitment to 
consistently deliver value to clients gave us a healthy start to FY26 and keeps us on track 
to deliver another year of industry-leading growth despite macroeconomic and geopolitical 
uncertainties. 
Our Q1 Result reflects continued progress on our strategy refresh in the organization over 
the last seven quarters. Our revenue grew 23.8% YoY and came in at Rs.22.2 billion. In 
U.S. dollar terms, the growth was 20.7% YoY and 3.6% QoQ at US$259 million. In constant 
currency terms, our revenue grew 1.6% QoQ and 19.2% YoY. EBIT margin for the quarter 
was 11.3%, up 10 basis points QoQ and 30 basis points on a YoY basis. Our net profit was 
Rs.1.7 billion and the diluted EPS for the quarter was Rs.2.4. This now marks seven 
consecutive quarters of sequential revenue growth and four consecutive quarters of margin 
expansion. 
Coming to the business highlights. 
1. 
Deal Wins 
In Q1, we signed four large deals. As you are aware, we consider a deal with ACV over $5 
million as a large deal. Our total ACV intake in the quarter is amongst the highest over the 
last five quarters. Let me highlight a few of those deals: 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
• 
One of the leading dental health plans in the US selected Firstsource to transform their 
claims and contact center operations, leveraging AI. 
• 
Firstsource was also selected by one of the largest provider-sponsored health plans to 
provide member contact services across multiple states. 
• 
A leading regional medical center in the US chose Firstsource to provide consulting 
and RCM services to help them improve their billing and collections processes. 
During the quarter, we also added 17 new logos. This is the highest addition of new logos 
in a quarter over the last three years and along with continued traction in our large deal 
wins, underlines the strength of our revamped go-to-market engine, our deep industry and 
functional capabilities, and our ability to bring automation and AI into the mix that is helping 
us gain market share even in an uncertain environment. What is more, the new logo addition 
is happening at a larger scale. The average deal size from the new logos has increased by 
16% over the last four quarters. 
Our new client additions in Q1 include nine strategic logos. As I have stated in the past, we 
define a strategic logo as one where we see the potential for at least $5mn+ relationship, 
and we run a structured program to handhold and monitor such relationships to grow them 
at an accelerated pace. In fact, one of the large deals that we won in Q1 was from a strategic 
logo we had added in Q3FY25. 
I would also like to highlight that there has been a market shift in both the scale and profile 
of our large deal wins. Over the last five quarters, we have won deals that are multi-year, 
sole-source deals that have been proactively designed, and deals that have non-linear 
commercial constructs such as the BPaaS deal that we announced last quarter. To give you 
some more color, a combined ACV from such deals has increased by almost 5x, and the 
average size of a large deal has increased by over 40% over this period. These deals have 
contributed meaningfully to the internal visibility of our long-term growth markers and guide 
our optimism on sustaining top-docile industry growth in FY26 despite the macro 
uncertainties. However, majority of them are not regular outsourcing deals, but large 
transformative programs and hence have a staggered ramp-up curve that is different from 
standard deals. Thus, their conversion into reported revenue happens over an extended 
period in a non-linear manner. You may want to keep this in mind while building your annual 
revenue growth expectations. 
Let me now provide you with a deep dive into our performance and outlook for each of our 
verticals. 
2. Vertical commentary 
Starting with banking and financial services, in Q1 of FY26, our BFS vertical was flat QoQ 
and grew 7% YoY in constant currency terms. We added two new logos in this vertical 
during the quarter. As I have highlighted earlier, we have invested over the last few quarters 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
in strengthening our sales and solutions team in this vertical, especially in North America, 
to broad base our presence in existing clients as well as expand our footprint into adjacent 
segments. We are now taking a much wider capability portfolio to both clients and prospects, 
and this has helped lower the macro-dependency in the business. For example, while 
interest rates continue to remain elevated and remain an overhang in the mortgage market, 
our initiatives such as consulting-led workshops to identify areas of cost takeout have 
helped us expand our market share, especially amongst our monoliner customers. We are 
also partnering more closely with mid-size banks and fintech players as they step up 
investments in platform modernization and look to elevate the customer experience. 
In healthcare, we saw a sequential growth of 2.3% and a YoY growth of 13.5%. We added 
eight new logos in this vertical, and all our large deals in the quarter were in this vertical. 
Healthcare continues to be strong and strategic growth vertical for us. Our broad execution 
footprint across the healthcare value chain and relationships with 12 of the top 15 health 
plans in the U.S. put us in the leadership position to address our clients’ evolving needs. 
While the sector is seeing regulatory and cost headwinds, client decision-making has been 
steady and deal ramp-ups are on track. We remain confident of an accelerating growth 
trajectory in this vertical, supported by the visibility from recent large deal wins. 
Our CMT vertical delivered 6% growth QoQ and 18% growth YoY in constant currency. We 
added seven new logos in Q1. This remains one of our fastest-growing segments, driven 
by strong engagement with a lot of the technology companies in Silicon Valley across both 
our core offerings as well as newer, non-traditional solutions that support the integration of 
AI into their foundational models and their product ecosystems. We continue to see a well-
balanced pipeline here, spanning both traditional media companies as well as digital-first 
and new-age technology companies. 
Lastly, coming to our diverse portfolio, which comprises our retail and utilities business, we 
saw a 3% QoQ decline in constant currency terms, mainly due to seasonal softness in the 
utilities business. However, we see a healthy deal pipeline in this portfolio, in both the retail 
and utilities verticals, which should translate to a broad-based growth in the coming 
quarters. 
3. Geographical commentary 
From a geography perspective, North America grew at 5% QoQ and 22% YoY in constant 
currency terms. We expect growth to remain healthy and broad-based across our three core 
verticals in North America. Europe was down 7% QoQ, mainly due to seasonal softness in 
our UK-centric utilities business. As we highlighted earlier, macroeconomic softness and 
regulatory changes in the UK have led to many clients to accelerate their shifts towards 
offshore and nearshore delivery locations over the last few quarters. We believe that a large 
part of this transition is now behind us, and we expect the optical growth to normalize from 
Q2 onwards. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
While decision-making has been elongated in the broader market, our pitch for 
transformational programs and near-shore delivery capabilities are resonating well with 
clients and prospects in the region. We added 17 new logos in Q1 and exited the quarter 
with a well-qualified deal pipeline, the highest in our history. Australia continues to perform 
well, with strong growth on the back of ramp-up in deals that we won in FY25. Overall, we 
remain optimistic about our trajectory in this region. 
4. People 
On the people front, we had a closing headcount of 34,495 associates, which is a decline 
of 156 versus the last quarter. We continue to right-shore our delivery headcount with close 
to 80% of gross hires at offshore and nearshore locations in Q1. Our trailing 12-month 
attrition rate declined further to 28.9%, which translates to almost a 13-percentage-point 
decline over the last eight quarters. I am also proud to share that Firstsource was ranked 
amongst India's Top 100 Best Companies to Work for in 2025 by the Great Place to Work 
and was also named amongst the Top 100 Inspiring Workplaces both in the US and UK. 
We were also named amongst the top three Indian employers in the UK by Grant Thornton. 
5. Awards/recognitions and sustainability 
Firstsource also continues to be positively recognized by leading analysts for delivering 
strong client value and driving innovation through technology-led solutions in our focus 
markets. Everest Group ranked us amongst the Top 25 BPS companies globally, but more 
importantly recognized us as the fastest growing on an organic revenue basis. ISG also 
featured us in the Booming 15 based on the annual value of commercial contracts awarded 
over the last 12 months, now for the third consecutive quarter. 
On the ESG front, we achieved an A score in the Supplier Engagement Assessment from 
CDP. Earlier this month, we also released our 2025 ESG report, outlining our progress as 
well as our priorities across environmental, social, and governance dimensions. 
6. Pastdue Credit acquisition 
As you may be aware, we recently announced that we have signed an agreement to acquire 
Pastdue Credit (PDC), a company headquartered in Scotland. The acquisition is subject to 
regulatory approvals and is expected to close in the current quarter. As you know, we Rank 
in the top three companies in the US debt collection market. However, our footprint in the 
UK debt collection market has been small. The proposed acquisition of PDC was done with 
an objective to plug this gap. The UK debt collection market has an addressable market 
size of close to £2 billion, and we believe it is ready for digital disruption. PDC gives us a 
strong foothold to bring our technology and AI-led digital collections capabilities to this 
market. They have strong relationships in the utilities, telecom, financial services, and the 
public sector with minimal client overlap. We see significant scope to take our largest service 
portfolio and our near-shore, offshore delivery capabilities to PDC's client base. I believe 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
that PDC is a strong asset with deep client relationships. It has been growing its revenues 
at a double-digit and has higher margins. So, it will be both margin accretive as well as EPS 
accretive. 
With that, let me now turn over the call to Dinesh to give you a detailed color on the quarterly 
financials. I will come back to talk about our progress on our strategic priorities as well as 
the outlook for FY26. 
Dinesh Jain: 
Thank you, Ritesh, and hello, everyone. Let me start by taking you through our quarterly 
financials: 
Revenue for Q1FY26 came in at Rs 22.2 billion or US$259 million. This implies a YoY 
growth of 23.8% in the rupee term and 20.7% in US$ terms. In constant currency, this 
translates to a YoY growth of 19.2%. 
Our operating profit stood at Rs 2.5 billion, up 26.8% over Q1FY25 and translates to an 
EBIT margin of 11.3%, up 10 bps sequentially and 30bps on YoY basis, and within our 
guided band of 11.25% to 12%. You will notice a sharp, 15% QoQ jump in the other 
operating costs. This is mainly due to the higher partner costs. As you know, we are actively 
leveraging our partner ecosystem to pioneer new service offerings and deliver value to 
clients, like the BPaas deal we announced in Q4. So you will see part of our execution costs 
moving out of manpower costs to other operating costs.  
Profit after tax came in at Rs 1.7 billion or 7.6% of the revenue for the quarter. Our Profit 
after tax grew 25.2% YoY and 5.4% QoQ on reported basis. 
The key highlight for the quarter was our strong cash conversion. Our OCF to EBITDA was 
102%, highest in the last six quarters driven by improved working capital management. 
Normalization of Capex pushed FCF to PAT to 196%, again the highest in last six quarters. 
Effective tax rate was 20.6% for Q1 which is the within the guided 19-21% range for FY26. 
DSOs came down to 65 days in Q1 versus 70 days in the previous quarter.  
Our cash balance including investments stood at Rs 3.1 billion at the end of Q1. Our net 
debt stands at Rs 11.2 billion as of 30th June 2025 versus Rs 13.2 billion as of 31st March 
2025 and Rs 9.7 billion as of 30th June 2024. 
We continue to invest in expanding our execution infrastructure. In Q1, we added new 
seating capacities in Mumbai, Bangalore and Gurugram.  
Our hedge book as of 30th June 2025 was as follows: we had coverage of GBP 88.5 million 
for the next 12 months with an average rate of Rs 112 per Pound and coverage of USD 
179.1 million with an average rate of Rs 86.7 per US$. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
As Ritesh mentioned, we recently signed share purchase agreement to acquire Pastdue 
Credit Solutions in the UK. The acquisition is subject to FCA approval and should hopefully 
come through the course of the current quarter. The total consideration is GBP 22 million 
which includes the upfront payment that will be paid post the regulatory approvals, as well 
as the earnouts that will be paid over the next 12 months linked to defined targets. 
This is all from my side. I will hand over back to Ritesh to talk about the strategic priorities 
and outlook. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Dinesh. As you are aware, enterprises today are navigating through twin 
challenges of a significantly elevated level of uncertainty in the global economic and 
geopolitical environment and a concurrent technological disruption that is fundamentally 
altering how businesses operate, compete, and create value. This convergence of 
unpredictability and transformation requires us to rethink traditional models, accelerate 
innovation cycles, and build more agile operating structures. 
The UnBPO playbook that we introduced earlier this year is our blueprint of how the new 
order is taking shape and how we are preparing ourselves to succeed in it. UnBPO is not 
just about bringing gen AI or agentic AI into our solutions and services, rather, it is a 
reimagination of the entire business model from every angle. 
The UnBPO approach blurs the line between services and software and creates the 
services as a software paradigm as technology gets infused in all parts of the services 
ecosystem through modular platforms, automation and AI-driven workflows, often delivered 
through non-linear commercial constructs. From an addressable market perspective, 
services and software can no longer be seen as distinct buying categories. In fact, a leading 
research analyst, HFS, estimates the services as a software market as a $1.5 trillion TAM.  
We are already putting this model into action. For instance, for a health plan in the U.S., we 
have implemented a gen AI-powered automation solution with claims decision agents and 
copilots to completely redefine the claims operations landscape for all of their lines of 
business, including Medicare, Medicaid, and Marketplace. This is estimated to drive a 
meaningful cost save over the deal term, even as we shift towards an outcome-based 
commercial model. One of the largest building societies in the world has partnered with us 
to completely reimagine its banking and services operations, economic crime prevention, 
and customer support, covering over 16 core processes and 99 sub-processes. Our UnBPO 
approach to design scalable workflows using AI, automation, and analytics is aimed at 
improving the net promoter score as well as bringing savings of over 50% over the next 
three years. 
One of the core elements of UnBPO is the re-engineering of talent sourcing and deployment 
models. Traditional markers like headcount addition as a lead indicator of business demand 
are becoming less relevant and optimization of the employee pyramid as a margin lever is 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
being redefined, as AI agents and gig-workforce get co-deployed along with human agents 
and contract commercials shift to output/outcome-based structures. 
The recruitment process itself, which has historically been manual, time-consuming, and 
has high administration costs, needs to be reimagined. We have automated the entire 
process for volume hiring from automating job posting and parsing of candidate applications 
to doing initial AI-based interviews and AI-based assessment, all resulting in improved 
efficiency while ensuring a seamless experience for candidates and recruiters. The pilots 
have shown up to 50% reduction in the hiring cycle time, which implies lower associated 
costs. We plan to have 2/3rd of our volume hiring through this process by March 2026. 
Another foundational tenet of UnBPO is the orchestration of strategic partnerships to co-
create unique value propositions and pioneer new service offerings, unlike the traditional 
model that uses partnerships mainly to fill skill-gaps. At Firstsource, we recognized this 
early. You may recall, one of my first hires after joining the company was a leader dedicated 
to drive technology partnerships across the organization. Since then, we have onboarded 
over 50 strategic partners to augment our capabilities – both within our focus verticals as 
well as horizontal offerings. These include hyperscalers to innovative startups who help 
solve specific pain points and business problems for our customers. 
A great example of how we are bringing this altogether is the $50 million plus ACV BPaaS 
deal that we announced last quarter with a mid-market U.S. health plan. This is a highly 
integrated solution where we are orchestrating partnerships with more than eight different 
vendors to deliver an end-to-end claims administration service. 
These initiatives are just a few examples of how UnBPO is not just a concept, but a live 
working model that is already delivering tangible outcomes for our customers. We are 
systematically rewiring the way value is created and delivered in our industry. Importantly, 
this is seeing a strong inbound interest from clients and prospects, many of whom have 
asked for follow-up workshops with their C-suite leadership teams to explore the tenets and 
assess their readiness for the same.  
Overall, I am pleased with the progress we are making on our agenda to build a resilient 
and durable business with industry-leading growth. Our large deal wins have now been 
three or more for the past five quarters. We are adding new logos at an accelerated pace, 
and we continue to improve on the mining of our existing client portfolio. At the same time, 
we have been diligent in ensuring that we fund our investments in go-to-market initiatives 
and capability expansion through an identified set of cost rationalization programs. As you 
can now see, Q1 is the fourth straight quarter of sequential margin expansion. 
This gives us the confidence to raise our revenue guidance for FY26 to 13% to 15% in 
constant currency. This does not include any contribution from Pastdue Credit Solutions 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
since we are still awaiting regulatory approvals for the transaction. We continue to see our 
FY26 EBIT margin in the 11.25% to 12% band in FY26.  
This concludes our opening remarks. And we can now open the floor for questions. 
Operator, over to you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Girish Pai from Bank of Baroda Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead. 
Girish Pai: 
Ritesh, this increase in guidance at the lower end, from 12% to 13%, was it because Q1 
turned out to be better than what you expected? Or is it that you are expecting the next nine 
months to be better than what you were anticipating three months back?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
As we have stated in the past as well, our guidance is based on a clear line of sight that we 
have to the business over FY26. And when we raise the lower end of the guidance, clearly 
the way we have tried to do this is it's based on having a very clear line of sight to the lower 
end of the guidance and the upper end of the guidance is based on how things such as 
pipeline conversion, etc. play out over the guided period.  
 
Our guidance also does not include any changes in the macro environment, but at the same 
time, as you are also aware, while we are not commenting on specific numbers, directionally 
we do expect that the guidance assumes an accelerated growth trajectory. 
Girish Pai: 
How are demand conditions today compared to, say, three months back? Are they worse, 
better or broadly the same?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, on one hand, the macro uncertainty as well as the geopolitical environment continues 
to play out. So, it is not that we are seeing anything different out there. So, I think that's 
been a constant pretty much over the last several quarters.  
 
However, I think the proposition that we are taking to the market continues to resonate. I 
think the fact that we are able to present differentiated propositions and now, particularly on 
the back of the UnBPO playbook, which is almost creating a reset of how processes and 
workflows are reimagined in every corporation, is creating demand. And I think that's 
presenting opportunity to us.  
 
So, we think there is going to be duality in terms of how different players in the market might 
perceive the current environment, but at this stage for us, if I just look at the lag indicators 
as well as the lead indicators, if I take the outcomes for Q1, we obviously had a very good 
quarter from a new logo addition standpoint, 17 new logos, of which nine were strategic 
logos, which is for us an all-time high. What that does do is it broadens our client base and 
gives us a very solid foundation for growth.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
At the same time, we exited the quarter with a pipeline which is the highest in our history, 
which gives us again a very strong set of deals to bank on in the quarters ahead as well. 
And that gives us comfort and confidence in terms of what we are seeing in the environment, 
but more importantly, in our ability to differentiate in what might be still an uncertain 
macroeconomic environment. 
Girish Pai: 
Just two last questions. One is the $1 billion mark has been achieved already, at least from 
a run rate perspective. Any new targets that you want to set for yourself? And when is that 
going to happen? And the quantum of the hike? Would it be similar to what you had in the 
previous years? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
No, thanks for that question, Girish. As you are aware, we reached our $1 billion aspiration 
4 quarters in advance of what we had publicly guided. For us, in some sense, this is a proof 
point that our strategy refresh is in the right direction. And personally for me, the focus is 
really on building a consistent, predictable, and high-growth business model so that we 
create a future-proof organization. At the same time, we keep reviewing our long-term 
aspirations internally. And I will be sharing any updates with you in due course as we are 
ready to discuss this in public itself. So, that's comment one.  
 
On the wage hikes itself, as you are aware, different players have responded to this in the 
marketplace in a variety of ways. From our vantage point, we will be having the annual wage 
hike in two phases this year. The first phase will cover junior employees and will be effective 
from July 1st. We will cover the middle and senior management in the next phase that will 
be effective from October 1st, 2025. As you know, we typically absorb the impact of wage 
hikes. So, from a margin perspective, you should still see a sequential margin expansion 
through the year.  
Girish Pai: 
So, on this wage hike part, were the wage hikes in the previous years were given altogether 
at one shot on 1st of July and therefore, this year's wage hike split in two quarters, is that a 
little different? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, last year we gave the wage hike all at one shot in July, on July 1st itself. Prior to that, 
there was a little bit of variability in terms of how we did it. And this year, I think just given 
the environment and what we are seeing, we are just being, you know, we are staggering it 
in two phases across the entire organization.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shradha Agrawal from AMSEC. Please go ahead.  
Shradha Agrawal: 
So, congratulations on a steady quarter, Ritesh, once again. And two questions. First is on 
your acquisitions policy. So, in less than two years of time frame that you have been around, 
we have seen you doing three acquisitions already. So, what is our policy and acquisitions 
going forward?  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
And secondly, given that we have wage hikes coming through in 2Q and 3Q, so what is our 
confidence level on achieving our margin guidance for the year given that start to the year, 
at least on margin front, has been a little tepid?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Yes, no, thank you for the question, Shradha. Look, there is no change in our inorganic 
thesis itself, right? We have a dedicated corporate development team that actively keeps 
looking for opportunities that will enhance our capabilities, assist us in furthering the depth 
and domain that we already have and bring in process or analytics to add significant value 
to our existing clients. At the same time, we have had a very strong preference for 
companies that will be EBIT and EPS accretive, like what you saw with PDC. At the same 
time, there is no defined frequency or targets in terms of number of acquisitions itself. 
 
What is critical for us is we will not look to do acquisitions for revenue sake, but it has to 
have a very clear value to us, either in terms of plugging a capability gap or giving us 
distribution access in our chosen markets itself. So, just from that vantage point, that's the 
way we are approaching the entire acquisition side of the house. 
 
Your second part of the question was, with the wage hikes, does it have any bearing in 
terms of margins? No, we continue to retain the margin band. As you are aware, we have 
37 clear drivers that are there in the business. And we feel very good about the progress 
that we are making on the same. And we feel that these will continue to yield results in the 
quarters to come. So, we feel comfortable retaining the margin guidance that we had of 
11.25 to 12%. And at the same time, if you go back a year ago, one of the comments that I 
had made was that we will have a 50 to 75 basis point margin improvement every year 
starting FY26. We still continue to believe in the same.  
Shradha Agrawal: 
No, this is coming from the context that much of the offshore shift is already in our base 
now. So, incrementally going into second half of the year and with the investments 
continuing the large scale ramp up that we have signed in FY25, so what are the main 
margin levers that we have to pull up margins from the 1Q number that we have reported? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Yes, we still think that the onsite to offshore shift is still an opportunity for us. I don't think 
we are completely done then. But at the same time, we are also continuing to put work on 
optimizing our sourcing and staffing strategies. We are clearly looking at the employee 
pyramid and how we staff our teams as well.  Technology, AI and automation is something 
that we are looking proactively across the life cycle of the engagement to drive further 
efficiencies. We are also looking at opportunities where we can centralize and automate 
and offshore roles, where AI and agentic AI workflows can come into play. We had also 
identified opportunities where we can do more for less and not add any additional 
headcounts.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
So, I think each of these levers in themselves is a part of those 37 margin drivers that we 
have. And I think that in turn gives us confidence in terms of meeting the guidance that we 
had provided.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please go 
ahead.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Ritesh, two questions from my side. One is the banking vertical was a bit soft this quarter. 
But just to dig deeper into that, anything that you would call out, what are the conversations 
in the sector like? And that was the flattish quarter and this was more like a quarterly 
aberration.  
 
Secondly, just wanted to take your comments on the overall industry landscape that we are 
looking at right now, given the context that one of our large competitors was acquired by an 
European firm very recently in a mega billion-dollar deal. So, what exactly is the prospect 
that we are looking at? A company acquiring a large competitor in terms of size is the Gen 
AI thing is becoming more and more beneficial for the BPO industry and that is where we 
see the value. Anything that you can give a color in that context would be really helpful. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Let me start by addressing the question on the financial services side and then I will come 
to the industry landscape and what we were seeing. So, look at our financial services vertical 
as almost two different storylines. One in terms of what played out in North America and 
one in terms of what played out in Europe.  
If you look at our Europe revenue contribution, that actually declined QoQ and some of that 
is because of the difficult, an uncertain environment that's been out there, which we have 
been consistently calling out. The net effect of that is there has been a rebalancing of some 
of the work between onshore to nearshore and offshore. And we pretty much believe that 
we are at the tail end of that. So, that obviously has created a deflationary effect on the 
revenue side. We feel very good actually about the pipeline that we see in Europe with the 
banks building societies as well as the fintech. So, actually, we are exiting the quarter with 
a very strong pipeline in Europe.  
North America has actually been very resilient for us. We have seen success both in front 
office as well as back-office work as well as some of the newer segments that we have been 
focusing on putting effort in. At the same time, we have also benefited from expanding our 
footprint in some of our collections-only accounts, which was a key focus in the cross-sell, 
upsell side to expand into other service lines. So, again, actually, the pipeline in North 
America on the financial services side is pretty healthy and strong. So, we think that this 
quarter is, I wouldn't read too much into the numbers or the growth there. We feel good 
about the vertical.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Industry landscape, I won't comment specifically about the transaction itself, but what I think 
you should look at it is, if anything else, it's validating what we have been calling out with 
the un-BPO playbook. The traditional boundaries between IT and operations are blurring. 
The traditional boundaries between front-office and back office are blurring. And one of the 
things that I talked about in my opening comments about the entire services as a software 
playbook, I think, things like these are probably validation of where the industry I think is 
headed for as well.  
However, it doesn't change any other competitive dynamics for us. Firstly, I think our 
positioning through what we are doing with un-BPO is very distinct. We are not trying to 
become a systems integrator or replicate the traditional IT plus BPO model. Our focus is 
actually on re-imagining the entire operations and process value chain by bringing AI, 
modular platforms, outcome-based models together to transform how clients buy and 
consume capabilities from us. And we are going to our clients and prospects with this 
differentiated value proposition, and they are clearly liking it. Secondly, clients actually value 
agility and co-creation areas where we can move much faster than larger players. Our right 
size is clearly one of our core competitive advantages. And you can see that both in the 
number and nature of our recent deals.  
One of the final things I will make as a comment is, I think we are in the classic innovator's 
dilemma play. And if you go back in time from a historical standpoint, large players tend to 
be reluctant to cannibalize. They tend to play on defense, and they are slower to respond. 
And we believe size does not matter as much as relevance does. And therefore, this 
opportunity actually is well suited for players of our size where we have the right depth of 
domain, the technology contextualized to the domain, the ability to drive business outcomes, 
and the nimbleness, agility, and scrappiness to move at speed to solve complex business 
problems for our clients. And I think, therefore, you will see maybe combinations of this sort 
almost as a defensive play to try and account for lack of revenue growth otherwise.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
So, basically, I mean, even if, let's say, a large IT services company is looking at acquiring 
a BPO business, you don't see that they are a combined offering of services plus BPO, you 
don't see that as a threat to the pure BPO model that we continue to maintain, given our 
size that you are looking at. Is that right understanding that you are trying to convey?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
I think yes, that's absolutely correct. And I want to draw your attention to a couple of industry 
reports that came out. So, Everest published a report last year where they called out the 
fact that the companies that are growing the fastest in the operation space are the pure play 
BPO players, not the integrated IT plus BPO players. And a lot of it I think will come down 
to depth of domain. I actually don't think that players who don't have anything to stand on 
will also grow.  
 
So, pure play BPO players who are everything to everybody and therefore nothing to 
anybody will also struggle. But I think if you have a clear competitive moat which is on the 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
back of depth of domain and then you are able to use technology which is very specific to 
the domain, I think there is a very clear proposition to continue to win business and 
differentiate yourself in the marketplace.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Just one last bit of peace if I could just care for an explanation. The headcount, just trying 
to wrap my head around the headcount reduction. So, in this quarter, we had basically the 
offshore percentage jump up. We had good growth in the revenues. But at the same time, 
the headcount actually came down. I mean, just trying to understand how these dynamics 
are coming. If we had a higher offshoring, the headcount reduction looks to be a bit off 
place. Anything that you would want to comment on or any trend that we can draw from 
this? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Actually, you know, one of the things that we have now been saying consistently for the last 
few quarters, Vibhor, is the fact that the causality between revenue and headcount is 
increasingly going to get lesser and lesser as you get into more and more non-linear 
commercial constructs itself, right? So, you are going to start seeing that. And even with our 
numbers, if you look at our reported currency in the last three quarters, the revenue has 
gone up. Our headcount has been around 34,000. And some of that is a function of what I 
think is going to play out more and more as we sign up for deals which have a very different 
commercial construct.  
 
Specific to the quarter that went by, two things. One is you saw our CMT vertical grew at a 
fairly rapid pace. In fact, it was the fastest growing vertical for us in the quarter. And if you 
look at a lot of the work that we do out there, particularly with clients in Silicon Valley, several 
of those pieces of work draw on a gig-sourcing model. So, you don't need to hire a 
permanent headcount to deliver the capabilities that are there. And so you can get the 
revenue, but you don't necessarily need headcount in the same correlation. So, some of 
that also played out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand, like you discussed about UnBPO business. So, how is your 
UnBPO strategy and AI investment are translating into deal wins or margin improvement? 
And going forward, what percentage of revenue today is influenced by digital AI, that 
transformation deals? And how do you see this evolving in the next 12 to 18 months? 
 
And another on the client responding on AI-led productivity modeling, CX, and collections. 
And are pricing models changing as a result?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Let me maybe take a step back since this is the first time we have been talking about the 
UnBPO playbook in a larger sense. If you look at the traditional outsourcing model, which 
was labor arbitrage over the last 25 years, it was built for headcount scale, it was built for 
process, it was built for predictability. It was built for standard services.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
However, the world around us does not exist in the same fashion. That is not what clients 
are expecting today. Today's clients don't associate, headcount is not value, location is not 
capability, process is not progress. And if you go with those as the fundamental shifts that 
are there and tech arbitrage usurping whatever labor arbitrage did over the last 25 years, 
that's the radical mindset shift that we are hoping to impact through the UnBPO playbook 
itself.  
 
That's why we feel this is an opportunity to rewrite the rules of an industry that has operated 
in a certain way for the last three decades. What are we seeing as a consequence of that? 
I think most organizations and enterprises that we deal with, recognize the fact that they 
need to change, and they need to change fast, especially in an environment which is moving 
very rapidly because they know that every industry, not just the IT and BPO sector, etc., 
every industry is going through its own innovator's dilemma moment. And they know that if 
they do not change, that could mean that they become increasingly less competitive itself. 
And I think that's the opportunity, and which is why we feel that the UnBPO playbook is 
receiving such wide traction in the marketplace. So, your third question was related to the 
CX and collection services. One of the things that's always held us in good stead, if you 
take our collections business as a case in point, has been the fact that it has been largely 
outcome-based in terms of the commercial construct that we have. Clients place a certain 
amount of debt with us. Our revenues are linked to the amount of debt that we can collect. 
So, there is clear skin in the game. We are able to bring in AI and ML in our digital collections 
platform to improve the propensity to pay. And all of these as commercial construct are very 
different than billing for time, which 75% of the IT and BPO industry still does on a time and 
material basis. 
Same on the CX side. Our view is that we can, more than only about 30% to 35% of this 
industry is outsourced today. Our view is that over the next five years, the percentage of 
outsourcing will go up, but it will happen in a non-linear fashion. And that I think gives us 
the opportunity to bring in disruption at scale and at the same time improve share of wallet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
A couple of questions. First about the margin guidance. If you can give us some sense 
about what are the puts and takes for lower end and upper end, the way we expect trajectory 
to play out, what are the variables which you consider to give the range? Second thing is 
about the PDC acquisition. Now that acquisition operated significantly higher margin than 
ours. Just want to understand, because we do have a sizable collection business, whether 
our margin profile will be less identical in the collection business. And if let's say margins 
are different, what explain the margin difference and whether it is replicable into our 
business? So, we have that expansion in the margin. That is second question. Third 
question is about healthcare margin. Now your healthcare margin is maybe fairly low 
compared to let's say if I look your historical last 5-10 year average kind of thing. If you can 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
provide some sense about the expected trajectory improvement, I understand because of 
some of the investment, or deal are likely to ramp up in the over period of time. But just to 
understand pace of exploration, because it may surprise us positively sometimes, 
sometimes negatively. So, how one should understand it? Thanks. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you for those questions, Dipesh. So, look, at any point in time, there are always 
various puts and takes in the quarter itself. So, as we look at how the margin piece plays 
out, but as I mentioned earlier, we have got about 37 broad margin drivers. That's what we 
are tracking very closely. You have seen over the last 7-8 quarters our onshore, offshore 
mix has moved fairly meaningfully. 80% of the incremental headcount that we are doing still 
is offshore and nearshore. And we still see continued opportunities for that number to 
improve. So, that can be a continued opportunity from a margin perspective. We are also 
continuing to rationalize some of our facilities, particularly as we move work away from near 
shore and onshore to the offshore facilities itself. And as that does, it frees up some of the 
rentals and lease capabilities that are there. We are also looking at some of our low margin 
and some of the accounts that might not have been yielding the right kind of margin profile 
to see if we can go out there and improve margins where appropriate. That's helping. We 
are backfilling for any attrition in a very intelligent fashion. So, we are not going out there 
and just assuming that we can go out there and we should just go out there and 
automatically backfill, but instead relooking at every element from an ops excellence 
standpoint, whether it's around the employee pyramid, the spans, and then trying to see 
whether there are opportunities, etc. So, it's a combination of all of these factors that play 
out at any point in time in any quarter. And these, I think, give us a collective degree of 
comfort on expanding, continue to expand the margins itself over the rest of the year.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
So, if I look at PDC, the proposed acquisition, their margin profile is almost 2x of where we 
operate. I am referring to their last years’ performance. So, the question is two parts. First 
is whether our collection business operated similar margin profile. If the answer is no, 
whether we can replicate a superior margin of PDC? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, firstly, I don't want to talk more about PDC just because we are still awaiting the 
regulatory approvals, but what we will do is once the acquisition itself is closed and we get 
the approval from the FCA, I think we will come back and talk more specifics, both in terms 
of the financials and what it would mean. So, I would request that we hold off on that 
question until that point in time, because I don't think it's fair for me to comment on 
something that's still a transaction underway, pending regulatory approval. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes, but part of the question you can answer, whether our internal collection, Focus on U.S. 
market, whether our margin profile would be similar to PDC? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
It's higher. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand. And maybe last part of the question, if you can answer for healthcare? 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, I think one of the things to see with the healthcare business, if you look at some of the 
wins that we have had, we have had a larger percentage of wins on the payer side of the 
business. And historically, the provider side of the business has had a higher margin profile. 
So, some of the rebalancing of the portfolio that you are seeing is probably what is causing 
the margin shifts QoQ, but also as some of these deals are ramping up, there is also the 
cost of growth that's playing out as well for these deals. So, I think as this normalizes, you 
will see some of the margins also picking up. I mean, even take this quarter that went by, 
all of our large deals happened in the healthcare portfolio. So, there is going to be a cost of 
growth that plays out. But I think as we are looking at this, some of those are the puts and 
takes that we are looking at in a quarter to still continue to deliver margin expansion while 
accounting for some of the wins that play out. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understood. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, Ritesh, congratulations on the steady performance. I 
basically had a question with regards to some of the recent industry developments, wherein 
we have seen a few companies going private, some of them being acquired. And given we 
have also been acquisitive in the recent period, just wanted to get your thoughts with regards 
for M&A strategy. Would we always look at smaller tuck-in acquisitions or given the 
opportunity that we have in the international market, some of these assets are fairly cheap 
and given the multiples that we enjoy here in India, would love to get your thoughts on this 
one. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, I think I kind of gave a little bit of a flavor of our approach towards M&A. So, at end of 
the day, I am very clear that we have to have a very strong organic growth business as well. 
M&A is incidental, it's a dart on the board, if it sticks, great. We have also said in terms of 
design principles for our inorganic thesis is, we will not do acquisitions for revenue sake, 
even if the multiples are low or very attractive or stuff like that. End of the day, we want to 
make sure that we are very prudent with our capital allocation. Where we do acquisitions, 
it's primarily for plugging capability gaps or for distribution access. And their, we are 
continuously evaluating targets, whether they are small tokens, they could also be larger in 
size. But we also want to be meaningful that we also want to be prudent that we are doing 
stuff that fits in line with where we want to take the business itself. So, it's not an acquisition 
for acquisition sake. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. The second one, while you called out 37 margin levers, over the course of last 4 to 5 
quarters, we have seen our onsite offshore mix improve rapidly. But the margin expansion 
has been limited. Some of it is on account of investments that we continue to make. Would 
love to get your thoughts as to what's the margin sensitivity to the onsite offshore mix in our 
business? 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Ritesh Idnani: 
We do expect that there is opportunity for the onsite offshore mix to continue to improve, 
even though we are sitting right now at about a 80:20 mix in terms of our headcount itself. I 
am not getting into the specifics in terms of the sensitivity of a percentage point or what that 
moves. But what I can tell you is that it's a meaningful lever for us to unlock. Last year for 
us was an investment year and that was something that we are very clearly called out as 
well. Therefore, you do not end up seeing the benefits of some of the onsite to offshore mix 
reflected in the margins itself. But our view is that we have done a substantial part of those 
investments. Some of the incremental stuff that's there is around capability expansion, but 
again, those are spread out. So, we expect to meaningfully continue to expand margins, 
taking advantage of levers such as the onsite to offshore mix, taking advantage of what we 
are doing around, whether it's around intelligent attrition backfilling, rationalizing spans, 
looking at automation, improving margins and low margin accounts. I think all of those levers 
and facilities, rationalization, each of these is kicking in and giving us benefits itself. So, 
which is why we feel comfortable with the guidance and continue to improve 50 to 75 basis 
points YoY. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai: 
Yes, thanks for the follow-up opportunity. Just one question, Ritesh. You mentioned that 
headcount is no longer a lead indicator, and you also mentioned that the deals that you 
won, they staggered and the conversion is going to happen over an extended period of time. 
So, then, for the external world, what are the things to look at to kind of try to estimate how 
the growth would be? Or we will have to blindly depend on the guidance that the 
management is going to give. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, if you look at the parameters, which are really a function of the health of the business 
itself, the guidance is obviously a very key indicator because again, when we have provided 
a range out there, we have also been very clear to say that the lower end of the guidance 
is something that we have a very high order of certainty and visibility to. And the upper end 
of the guidance is linked to where we stand in pipeline, late stage of deals, likely order of 
conversion, those kinds of variables, etc. But at least that gives you a starting point in terms 
of where the business is likely to net off. And then, you start looking at some of the other 
variables that are there, which come into play. If you look at the deal wins itself, the number 
of new logos we are adding, the cross-sell upsell that's playing out, because you are starting 
to see a very clear movement in terms of the number of $1 million relationships, number of 
$5, $10, $20, $50 million relationships. So, you know that when, as those things are playing 
out, that's creating opportunity for potential growth and also increases the degree of 
confidence in the guidance itself. So, my sense is, it's really a combination of all of those 
things, which eventually supplement what we are providing out there, in terms of numbers. 
 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, my question specifically is that on the collection business, what I understand is that 
there is a larger componenet, so is this also relevant in this acquired business? Or do you 
think there is a lot of fixed components and outcomes, and there is more of an uptick on it? 
And the reason I am asking this question is that if it's sort of outcome-driven, then the market 
volatility may exist depending on our collection efficiency? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
I don't want to comment on the specifics of the PDC business, again, because we are in 
that pending regulatory approval period itself. So, talking about the profile of the business 
and what characteristics it has may not be appropriate entirely. But what I would suffice to 
say is that the way the previous owners have built the business as well, there is an 
opportunity there where they have looked at how they can get more and more of their 
business also in an outcome basis itself. And at the same time, they have got some of the 
digital capabilities. And I think those are areas where we can take the broader skill set that 
we have built as well to the UK market. And that was actually one of the primary motivations 
for us to go there as well. So, as you heard, I think somebody else asked the question, our 
collections margin profile of our existing business before PDC, our margin profile is higher. 
So, clearly, there could be some opportunities that could exist out there. But we have to get 
into the next phase. And some of that will come into play once we complete the regulatory 
approval process. 
Rahul Jain: 
But more generally, if you could just give color on the outcome based as part of the total 
pricing, is there a way to look at the mix of pricing as a function of outcome based versus 
fixed base? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So let me start by saying more than 75% of the industry today bills on a time and material 
basis across IT services and BPO. That's the industry metric. For us, more than 50% of our 
business comes from nonlinear commercial constructs. That's the parallel to draw. And 
that's the matrix that we are tracking to see how we can continue to take advantage of the 
leadership that we have in understanding nonlinear commercial constructs on the back of 
deep domain to continue to bolster and strengthen our leadership itself. But I want to give 
you those two markers to understand where the industry is at and where we are at relative 
to the industry. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes, thanks for the input. Sorry to keep asking, but what my understanding historically from 
our research is that the collection business were higher among our portfolio because of its 
function of the collection efficacy. But yes, I will take more input once you incorporate this 
entity. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani for closing comments. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, firstly, thank you all for joining the call and for your insightful questions. I just want to 
close with a few final comments.  
Our sales engine is working well. We had four large deal wins in Q1. That's the fifth straight 
quarter of three or more deals. We added 17 new logos, our highest quarterly addition over 
the last three years. 
We are adding larger relationships and mining our existing relationships better. In the last 
four quarters, we have added 41 clients with over a million dollars in revenue, 13 with over 
$5 million in revenue, 4 with over $10 million of revenue, and 2 with over $20 million in 
revenue. The share of revenues from our top 5 as well as our top 10 clients have come 
down by 5% and 8% respectively, reflecting the strength and the broad basing of the 
portfolio itself.  
Our longer-term aspirations are intact. Despite the macro uncertainties, we have raised the 
lower end of our revenue growth guidance band. We believe that our FY26 revenue growth 
guidance of 13% to 15% should keep us in the top decile for the industry. We remain laser 
focused on improving our margins, continuing down the trajectory of having 4 consecutive 
quarters of margin expansion to improve our margins by more than 50 to 75 basis points 
each year and bring them in line with peers over the next three to four years. This is all from 
our side, and we look forward to interacting with you again in the next quarter call. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Firstsource Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
