 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited  
Registered Office: 19, Canal South Road, Paridhan Garment Park, SDF-1. 4th Floor, A501-A502, Kolkata: 700015, Phone: +91 3361255353 
Email: info@vedantfashions.com | Website: www.vedantfashions.com | CIN: L51311WB2002PLC094677 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
To,  
Dept. of Corporate Relations 
BSE Limited  
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
NSE Symbol: MANYAVAR 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543463 
Madam / Sir,  
Sub: 
Transcript of the Conference Call of Q1FY26 
Ref: 
Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing 
Regulations”) and our earlier intimation dated July 24, 2025 
In accordance with Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, this is to inform you that 
the transcript of the Conference Call with the Analysts/Investors on the Unaudited Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 (Q1FY26), organised and held on Thursday, July 31, 2025, is 
hereby enclosed and the same has been made available on the Company's website. 
The transcript can be accessed on the Company’s website from the link given below: 
https://www.vedantfashions.com/investors-category/reports-results/earnings-call/ 
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the same on your 
respective websites. 
Thank you. 
For, Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
 
 
_____________________ 
Navin Pareek  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Memb. No.: F10672 
 
 
 
 
Encl – A/a 
NAVIN 
PAREEK
Digitally signed 
by NAVIN 
PAREEK 
Date: 2025.08.07 
11:45:17 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Vedant Fashions Limited Q1 FY‘26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VEDANT MODI -- CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, 
VEDANT FASHIONS LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL MURARKA -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
VEDANT FASHIONS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. GAURAV JOGANI -- JM FINANCIAL LIMITED 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Vedant Fashions’ Q1 and FY‘26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
“*”, then “0” on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand over to Mr. Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of JM Financial, I would like to welcome you all to Vedant 
Fashions’ Q1 FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
From the management, we have with us today, Mr. Vedant Modi, Chief Revenue Officer; and 
Mr. Rahul Murarka, Chief Financial Officer.  
 
Thank you and over to you. 
Vedant Modi: 
Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to all the participants. I am Vedant Modi, the Chief 
Revenue Officer of the Company. Thank you for joining us today to discuss the Vedant Fashions 
Limited quarter one Financial Year 2026 Results. I hope everyone got an opportunity to go 
through our financial results and investor presentation which have been uploaded on the stock 
exchange as well as the Company’s website. 
 
Vedant Fashions is India’s leading wedding and celebration wear Company. The 1st Quarter of 
financial year ‘26 saw a rebound in wedding calendar compared to the same quarter last year. 
Sales of our customers for the quarter ended 30th June 2025 was Rs. 4,057 million, which grew 
by around 23% over Q1 of FY 2025. In Q1 FY ‘26, we continued the momentum built over the 
past few quarters of our sustained focus on enhancing customer experience, retail training, data 
driven merchandising and replenishment, omni-channel integration, and KPI monitoring, which 
has further contributed to strong SSG growth of approximately 17.6% over the same quarter in 
the last financial year. We are pleased to report that our retail KPI has also grew in healthy and 
sustainable manner. 
 
With respect to our rollout expansion strategy, in light of the current retail environment, we 
anticipated a measured pace of retail openings during the period, to ensure that our openings are 
both strategic and business sustainable. As of June 2025, Vedant Fashions EBO retail area 
network stands at about 1.78 million square feet globally. During the quarter, we strategically 
scaled up our marketing efforts across multiple channels including social media and our various 
other brands, which contributed to our performance. Our focus on digital marketing alongside 
traditional mediums further supported this growth. Notably, our category specific initiative, the 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Rajwada collection targeting grooms and the groom squad has helped establish a sustainable 
category growth strategy. 
 
Additionally, we successfully executed campaigns for Mohey, leveraging influencers and in-
store activations aimed at brides and bridesmaids, reinforcing the brand’s position as a go-to 
wedding wear choice for all women. The launch of our Twamev Sunset Soiree Collection, 
supported by extensive digital and extensive digital and social media campaigns and select in-
store events, further bolstered both brand and category. We also ran successful social media 
campaigns for Diwas, emphasizing celebration, expanding our reach. 
 
Collectively, these marketing initiatives have played a key role in enhancing our brand 
positioning and appeal across platforms with the positive impact reflected in the performance. 
Looking ahead, we remain firm focused on our core strengths, supported by well-prepared 
inventory and designs, comprehensive marketing initiatives, efficient auto replenishment 
systems, and a robust store network. A strong backend infrastructure has positioned us well for 
sustained long-term growth ahead. 
 
With this, I will now hand it over to Mr. Rahul Murarka to take you through the financial 
performance of the Company. Thank you. 
Rahul Murarka: 
Thank you, Vedant. Namaskar and good afternoon, everyone. I would like to highlight the key 
financial performance metrics for the quarter ended 30th June, 2025. 
 
During Q1 of FY ‘26, the Company witnessed a rebound in wedding season as compared to Q1 
of FY ‘25. The Company reported revenue from operation of around Rs. 281 crores, delivering 
a healthy growth of 17.2% over Q1 of FY ‘25. The Company also witnessed healthy growth in 
sale of our customers and SSG by 23% and 17.6%, respectively, as compared to Q1 of FY ‘25. 
The Company continues to report industry leading gross margin of 66.9%, and healthy EBITDA 
margin of around 43.2%. The Company also reported a healthy PAT margin of around 25% and 
the profit after tax stood at around Rs. 70 crores with a growth of 12.4% compared to Q1 of FY 
2025. 
 
Thank you and namaskar, everyone. We can now move to the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Tejas from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Tejas: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. First question pertains to Vedant you partly answered that other 
expenses has sharply increased this quarter. So, is this now from here on structural in the sense 
we need that much investment to keep the brand and business or the momentum going in our 
favor? 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Vedant Modi: 
Sorry, is this question in regard to marketing? 
Tejas: 
Yes, so it is part of other expenses, right? So other expenses also. 
Vedant Modi: 
Yes. So Tejas, you know actually this quarter the marketing spend was in line of how much we 
have always spent historically. The reason why it looks higher than the same spends in the 1st 
Quarter of last year, is because if you remember, the 1st Quarter of last year and the second 
quarter of last year had negligible wedding dates. So, last year we had taken a strategic call of 
spending close to no money on marketing in the first two quarters. Hence, even though the 
number looks larger compared to the last financial year, it is actually in line with how much we 
have been spending at a quarter level, usually. So, this is the kind of spends that we have typically 
done and even though slightly more than last year, at a financial year level, it should not change 
at a percentage level. 
Tejas: 
Very clear. Second question is on our store count and our footprint and square footage. So even 
though sequentially we have increased the store count, but square footage has gone down. So, 
any rethink on our store size? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, we are going to continue with our strategy of focusing more on the concept of flagship stores. 
The reason why this quarter’s data looks like this is majorly on account of a larger number of 
SIS stores opening. So, because these counters are typically about 150 square feet to 200 square 
feet, that is why you see a higher number of store openings vis-à-vis still slight bit of de-growth 
in terms of retail square feet. 
Tejas: 
Got it. Any guidance or numbers you would like to share for this year or coming period on store 
expansion? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, this year, strategically, the focus is to really ramp up our SSG. That is the core KPI for the 
Company. That said, we will still be quite healthy in terms of the gross openings that we do this 
year. So, we are still targeting to open a good number of stores. However, on the other side, we 
are also sort of consolidating a lot of the older stores and some of the different kind of concepts 
we tried in the past two years to three years, which have not worked for us. So, at the end of the 
year, while the net square feet expansion will not be a very large number, the quality of stores 
that we operate will have significantly improved. So that is the major focus for the year along 
with delivering good SSG numbers which is what we are focusing on. 
Tejas: 
Got it. And last one, if I may squeeze in, if you can share your observation on current competitive 
landscape and demand outlook in general. 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Vedant Modi: 
So, overall, I think the consumer sentiments remain weak across the mid premium industry. This 
is something which we hope that bounces back in a couple of few quarters. However, we have 
not seen any positive shift yet. It continues to be how it was till let us say about last quarter. 
Tejas: 
Got it. That is all from my side and all the best for coming quarters. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand demand more in detail in terms of 
footfalls, conversion percentages that you are witnessing, bride versus guest purchases, how they 
are panning out. That would be my first question. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you for the question. So, I would say footfalls was in line with the kind of growth we 
delivered, and conversions also were in a uptick, having improved just slightly by a few basis 
points compared to the last financial year. At the same time, given that there were very few 
wedding dates in the last year same quarter, we did see our groom business improve faster than 
the non-groom business, majorly on account of better wedding dates. So, all in all that is where 
we stood. ASP also slightly increased, and the remaining growth came, the majority of the 
growth came in terms of volume. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And if the mix was better, I am just trying to understand why margins were under pressure 
in this quarter versus last year? 
Vedant Modi: 
See, again, margins can slightly shift by about 80 basis points from one quarter to another. But 
at a financial year level, there is no change at all. 
Rahul Murarka: 
So, the PAT margin when you compare, we had 25% this quarter vis-à-vis26.1% in Q1 FY 2025. 
The major reason is the marketing cost. This year the marketing cost was 5.6% of revenue and 
last year Q1 it was 2.3% of revenue. So, that is the major reason basically. But overall if you 
see, then we have a very healthy margin metrics. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Last question, if I can squeeze in, in terms of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana regions, 
have they started to bounce back for you or they still remain under constraint? 
Vedant Modi: 
I would say one of the best positives of the 1st Quarter was seeing a sharp rebound in AP, 
Telangana, which has led the growth momentum for the Company in this quarter. So, that was 
a big positive for us to see. 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Thank you and I will come back to question queue for any further questions. Thank you 
so much. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Archana Menon from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Archana Menon: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question was on the growth side. While there are 
nuances on the wedding day calendar shifting and things like that. But if you look at, the FY ‘25 
numbers even from a little longer-term lens, say from a three-year, four-year CAGR, that number 
is a little, still a little low. So how do you assess them? I mean, what do you think are the major 
challenges that you face? And is there any change in your expectation for steady state growth? 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you for the question. You know, like I was mentioning, even though the numbers from 
an absolute level compared to last year look decent, we would have liked to do better in all 
honesty. And one of the core reasons why we feel that the growth could have been better is 
because consumer sentiments remain to be subdued as we witness across mid premium 
discretionary companies. And that is something once it rebounds, that is which will allow us to, 
sort of get to much higher growth levels. 
 
From a Company’ s perspective, there are three to four things which we can really work on. One 
of the major elements being product, there has been a very large focus on having a lot more 
variety. As I was mentioning in the last earnings call as well, almost 2.3x to 2.4x the number of 
variety, compared to last year is something we have worked on, which has enhanced our 
conversion rates and lovability. 
 
The second lens being marketing. So, there is again a large shift both in terms of the teams we 
have internally and the kind of campaigns we do. So instead of doing one big campaign for a 
brand, we are breaking it down into multiple mini campaigns run digitally, allowing us to be a 
little more viral and have a larger word of mouth spreading throughout the quarters and the year. 
 
And finally, coming to operations, we have spent a lot of money on investing in modern age 
technology. The big project being the VFL Parivaar app where we train our fashion advisors 
almost for two minutes to three minutes on a daily basis, instead of focusing on the two to three 
times training per year, which was typically done in the retail industry. On top of that, we are 
also investing more in terms of the omni-channel and endless aisle technologies to improve 
conversion rates alongside better and enhanced training through the use of AI intelligence. 
 
So, we are trying to do as much as we can from a Company’s perspective by focusing on these 
initiatives alongside building the newer brands that we focus on, Mohey, Twamev, and Diwas. 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
But given the weaker consumer sentiments, overall things have been relatively slower than we 
would have liked them to be. 
Archana Menon: 
Understood. Thanks, Vedant for the detailed response. Just for continuation to this, do you think 
that the benefit of some of these initiatives that you have taken has already been reflected in your 
growth? Or do you think that even if we assume that the consumer demand environment remains 
as is, we should see a growth pickup in the quarters ahead as these initiatives start helping you? 
Vedant Modi: 
This is a very tricky question to answer because one thing, which I have learnt over the last 
couple of years of working, is no initiative is sort of a ceteris paribus. So, an initiative which we 
as a Company take can take three years to show us results, whereas something can show us 
results in the first month itself. So, it is a very difficult question to answer. But that said, the goal 
is to do as much as we can in terms of investing in our people, in our technology, investing in 
great customer experiences to satisfy the needs of all. And if we are supported by the macro, 
then no doubt the growth should be tremendous. 
Archana Menon: 
Understood. The second part of the question was in the margin side, because for the last four 
quarters we have seen your other expenses growing quite sharply. So, one aspect of it is 
marketing, but is there any other element which is taking that number up? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, if we talk about the last financial year, then I would say it was majorly on account of 
operating deleverage, because of the lease costs, because these costs are fixed. So, if the SSG 
number is not what we anticipate, then that kind of hurts the margins. But from the 1st Quarter 
perspective, I would say it was a very positive quarter in terms of margins, because all the 
operating leverage kicked in. Marketing, which is a variable cost, which is something we actually 
plan at an annual level, not at a quarter level, is the major reason why almost 300 basis points 
extra was spent on marketing. So, I would request you to not look at that at a quarter level, but 
to look at something like marketing at an annual level. 
Archana Menon: 
Got it. Actually, what I was trying to check was, has there been any impact of say, you opening 
more stores under the model wherein you guys pay the lease over the franchise, or any strategic 
change that is getting reflected in these numbers? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So, there are two things which are important as far as our PL margins are concerned. One is the 
gross margin, which has been pretty stable across, and another is the lease cost, which comes 
under lease cost as well as under ROU depreciation. Now, as you are aware that we have been 
opening stores in last couple of years, but the revenue has not grown to the extent it should have. 
So that is the reason there is a negative operating leverage which is there on account of the lease 
cost. So, once we are back with our normal revenue levels, then of course the margins would 
improve. And of course, the lease cost is another element apart from the gross margin, which is 
important. 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Vedant Modi: 
And lastly, to your question, yes, there has been a slight shift, not large enough, where the 
percentage would have moved slightly towards stores where we bear the lease cost versus where 
the partners bear the lease cost. 
Archana Menon: 
Got it. Thank you so much for this. Just last question from my end. Strategically, Do you think 
that there is an opportunity for you , because your EBITDA margins are still very healthy, I 
would say, is there a strategic decision between growth and margin that you can make in terms 
of spending more and if you think that could drive up more growth? How do you think of growth 
versus margin? 
Vedant Modi: 
Well, it is again a very interesting question. So, I think we are a highly growth focused Company. 
Now, there are two - three kinds of things when it comes to margins. So, there are things which 
are more long-term in nature, let us say lease cost, for example. So, these are areas where we 
would not want to sacrifice our operating leverage. But on the other hand, there can be a dynamic 
need where a marketing campaign really works for us, and we would like to spend a lot more 
money than we had anticipated. We will absolutely push the pedal and make that investment. 
So, depending on, if the action, long-term margin, destructive or accretive, those decisions and 
calls will be made. And if anything makes sense from a long-term perspective, we will absolutely 
take those calls for growth. 
Archana Menon: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Hi. So Vedant, my question is with regards to the competitive intensity, and it is more so not 
from the organized players, but from the unorganized player lens. If you can highlight how the 
competitive intensity has been over the past quarter and has it seen any change versus the 
previous periods? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, like we have been mentioning, over the last 8 quarters - 10 quarters, we have definitely seen 
a large number of store openings. However, given how closely we track them and monitor them, 
majority of these Me-too brands, the performance is something which makes us question if the 
intensity of openings can keep up. So, we have already seen it slow down, and our common 
sense would tell us that this slowness in terms of the openings should be there from now on. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. So, you expect the competitive intensity to moderate going ahead, if that is the right 
understanding? 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Vedant Modi: 
So, again, while I cannot give you an objective answer, qualitatively, we feel the intensity of the 
store openings would definitely slow down. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. And Vedant, would like to have your comments on the other brands’ performance, like 
Mohey or even the freshly launched Diwas. How have they been trending? How are their KPIs 
trending, if some color you can throw on there. 
Vedant Modi: 
So, with Mohey, we have had a strategic shift in terms of how we look at the brand. So, we have 
invested a lot in terms of moving, from it being a bridalwear brand from it being a wedding wear 
brand. That has really worked in our favor. We have continuously being beaten the Company 
average when it comes to Mohey’s SSG, and overall growth has also been positive. So, with this 
strategy in mind and the evolved digital marketing strategy, we feel we are poised to continue 
growing Mohey. And I think the way the stores are now looking; we have just come back from 
a store visit in Hyderabad. We seem very confident about the brand overall, and how it is going 
to perform in the next couple of quarters as well. 
 
In terms of Diwas, the last festive was when the brand was launched. It did decently well 
although at a very small base. We saw very positive response in terms of the trade shows we 
have recently done in the last two months. So that was a great thing to see for Diwas. But the 
real test for Diwas is going to be in the upcoming festive season, when we will actually be 
prepped from an inventory perspective, and we will see the power of the brand on the multiple 
marketplace channels where we operate and our own D2C website. 
 
Finally, coming to Twamev, again from an SSG perspective, it is been doing very well. We will 
also have one, very strategically important EBO opening in this financial year for Twamev in 
the heart of Bombay. So, with all of these things running, I think with Twamev as well, we are 
very confident about our product mix and portfolio and continued growth momentum. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, Vedant. Thanks. That is all from me. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Ikigai Asset. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Hi. Very good evening. A few questions and I am sorry I joined the call a bit late, so if it is not 
repetitive, I will read up the transcripts.  
Vedant Modi: 
No worries. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
On AP, Telangana, what is your assessment in terms of the growth bounce back? I mean, should 
we assume right now, is this the time to assume that this growth, obviously not 17%, but in terms 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
of direction, this growth should be sustainable going forward or was there some seasonal impact 
or maybe some state behavior which caused this? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, there are two - three aspects here. We have actually just come back from a visit to Telangana. 
And the kind of numbers we saw in Telangana in 1st Quarter were actually much better than the 
Company average itself. So, there is definitely the impact of having weddings in this quarter 
versus not having weddings in the 1st Quarter of the last financial year. But given the intensity 
of growth, we would feel there are other macroeconomic elements as well which have led to the 
growth in walk-ins. So, this is something we would like to see for one or two more quarters 
before commenting on this. But the 1st Quarter numbers, and I would even go on to say the 
current quarter two numbers which we see in July, have also been decent for AP, Telangana. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. So, it needs like couple of more quarters for even the right assessment in terms of the 
direction to call out. Is that correct? 
Vedant Modi: 
Absolutely. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. Second question was on these emerging brand. I think Gaurav already asked that. But just 
in terms of the thought process, like scale and size, let us say five years out, Mohey obviously is 
going to be the largest one out of Mohey, Diwas and Twamev. But just on Diwas and Twamev, 
what is the visions here? Let us say if we talk about three years to five years. Could you just help 
in terms of the thought process, what you have, where do you see these brands in terms of scale 
and size? 
Vedant Modi: 
Great question. So, in terms of Twamev, I would say the real goal from a three year to five-year 
perspective for us to have a large market share in the bridge to luxury category. This is the market 
where typically boutiques and small designers operate today. And given the unorganized nature 
of working, the kind of product being delivered and at the kind of price point, we feel we can do 
a much better task at having better products at better price points because of the supply chain we 
have. And so, the goal is to open the best store in the top 30 to 40 markets of India, and have a 
large market share of those markets. So, this is something we are focused on in terms of Twamev 
and to carry a big brand legacy of a premium brand as we sort of move on with this journey. 
 
In terms of Diwas, we want to be the flag bearer of Indian wear when it comes to anything and 
everything festive. If you look at India, there are 50 plus festivals that India celebrates. At an 
individual level, each individual in India celebrates four to five festivals. Yet, when you look at 
the men’s Indian wear industry, it is still very small. So, majority of Indians are not even buying 
a single piece of Indian wear annually today. With Diwas, we want to change that. We want to 
ensure that every Indian has the ability to afford and celebrate the festival of their choice, 
wearing the right product for that festival. 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
So, given the channels that we have chosen, very focused on the e-commerce route through 
marketplaces, through diwas.com, along with the multi-brand outlets and SIS route which we 
are taking, we feel we can really change the aspect of the festival game in India when it comes 
to a three year to five year perspective. So currently, for the next one year to two years, the goal 
is to have a much higher market share of marketplaces. But as we grow the brand, we want to 
improve the industry’s market share of festive wear. That will be the larger focus for Diwas. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. There are just two follow-up questions on the same question. So essentially how do you 
achieve this? So, let us say if we have to achieve a higher industry market share for every 
celebration through Diwas, how do we change that behavior, as in terms of go-to-market, right? 
If you could share a couple of examples, that would help. 
 
And the second is, both for Twamev and Diwas, in terms of obviously the TAM, we are talking 
about very large numbers, but from a Vedant Fashions perspective, would you have or could 
you share something on, let us say, you foresee Twamev or Diwas as a Rs. 500 crores brand, 
five years out, three years out, something like that. If you could quantify that, that will help and 
give a direction to us. 
Vedant Modi: 
Very interesting question. So, when it comes to the overall go-to-market strategy, this is 
something we have delivered in the past with Manyavar. So, two decades ago, organized Indian 
wear did not exist as an industry. So, if you go to our YouTube page of Manyavar, and I love to 
do this sometimes, and I go sort of looking at the videos from the oldest videos to the newest, 
there is a sort of journey to organize that industry and to make Indian wear aspirational along 
with making it value for money, which democratized the aristocracy of India, making sherwani’s 
affordable for a lot of Indians. So, that is one journey we have done with Manyavar, which has 
to be done with the kurta wear industry for festive wear, which is what we are attempting with 
Diwas. 
 
Now there will be a big marketing strategy behind that, but if I give you one example of Calcutta, 
which is where we live, if you walk around the city in Poila Baisakh, you will see majority of 
the people here wearing a yellow kurta. The city being cultural, we have kept up with those 
values. And if the same values were to replicate in each city of India, for their respective festive 
occasions that they celebrate, that is all we have to do. And this is one thing which we truly 
believe from our hearts, adds so much cultural value to the country. The kind of happiness that 
can be felt across the city when something like this happens, is also truly beyond words. 
 
So, this is something which we will truly work hard towards as we build the category and build 
the supply chain to cater to the amount of people we want to. Again, to your second part, which 
was to give numbers, this is something which we do not do. We would not like to give any 
guidance as such. But the goal is to be much larger in terms of both Twamev and Diwas, where 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
we stand today, and also, while we build those brands, increase the TAM of those brands also 
significantly. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. And just last thing, on the same store sales growth, the retail area additions, where are we 
on the store consolidation journey and how should we think about new store additions? Coupled 
with that, the question was also on lease rentals because you mentioned that overall lease rentals 
still in metro markets are higher and even Twamev will need top 30 cities - 40 cities will have 
that kind of impact. So, both things together, in terms of how do you think about new store 
additions? And how are the lease rental trends and what should we expect for Vedant Fashions 
overall? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, to your second part, retail inflation continues to remain high. So, while we see some pockets, 
the inflation slowing down, these are the pockets where we are again going strong on expansion. 
But where the inflation continues to be very high, where we do not see that sort of rental yield 
for us overall, rental lease cost makes sense, those are the markets we are sort of still slow on in 
terms of expansion. 
 
Secondly, to your question of the overall growth numbers, I feel again at the end of this year we 
will have decent growth in terms of gross numbers, which is opening newer stores. However, 
when it comes to closure, there is definitely consolidation of older stores. But on top of that we 
are also rectifying some of the strategic, sort of new things we tried in the past 2 years to 3 years 
which did not work for us. 
 
I will give you one small example. Rajouri Garden as a market is strategically very important 
for us. But inside the market, the stores are very old and there are no large stores. So, we had a 
small store doing very good business for us. So, we took a call where we opened a 15,000 square 
feet to 16,000 square feet store right outside the market. However, that is something which did 
not work for us. So, now we are moving back into the market with a store which is half the size 
of this flagship we had opened, so about 7,000 square feet to 8,000 square feet, which is still the 
largest store inside the market. 
 
So, while we have cut down in terms of square feet inside Rajouri market, we will still do much 
better in terms of revenue. So, these are some of the mistakes we want to clear out, where square 
feet number might reduce, but the quality of business will actually improve by a lot. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. So, from a gross addition perspective, is there a count here or how should we think about 
that? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, again, I do not want to give a particular guidance as such, but ballpark from a gross number, 
it should be between 8% to 10% of where we stand at the end of the last financial year. 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect. And with much more higher throughputs, which will help overall sales to be higher 
despite the net ads being lower. Got it. 
Vedant Modi: 
Absolutely. So the goal is to improve the quality of retail significantly. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect. Thank you so much for the patient answers, Vedant, and wish you all the best for the 
rest of the year. Thanks. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a question on growth,  follow up on the last question. So, 
now that you are indicating that, while gross number will be initially at least 10%, but will have 
a lot of closures, so, net numbers may not be there. 
 
So, I think growth will be more led by, as you mentioned, SSSG. So, just if you can share some 
more color on how the SSSG trends keeping up this quarter because there will be multiple levers 
in play, right. One is the restructuring of the non-performing stores. Second is that we have seen 
now two years of negative SSSG, your base will be low and there were very weak wedding 
season also. So, that benefit should also be there. 
 
But when I see from a very short-term point of view, I think last year, probably, September and 
December quarters were very good. So, maybe you may be impacted from there. So, if you could 
just share some color in terms of how we are looking at the SSSG performance and each of these 
levers playing out in your favor because that I think will be the lever of growth for you this year. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you for the question. So, again, we do not give any guidance as such. But from a 
qualitative perspective, the goal every year is to do decently well in SSG. So, firstly, there is the 
lever of ASP where we want to grow by about 3% to 4% within each of the categories we operate 
in. Alongside the category improvement because the share of Mohey and Twamev is increasing 
in the Company, there is again a 80 basis points to 90 basis points jump in ASP at a Company 
level, every single quarter because of this. So, that is one big lever which we have. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Sorry, how much did you say? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, 3% within the categories and I would say 70 basis points to 80 basis points because of a 
larger share of Mohey and Twamev of the Company. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Okay. 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Vedant Modi: 
So, all in all, 3.6% - 3.7% is something which we sort of target as ASP growth, which is one 
lever. The second big lever for us is improving our average basket size, which, again in terms of 
the kind of training which we deliver, the kind of lay outing which we do in our stores, we have 
been able to improve it quite decently, well over the last couple of financial years. 
 
The third aspect is to continuously improve on footfall. This is the one major area where we 
have lagged in the last many quarters and the last two financial years overall, which is something 
with both very good marketing and rebounds in the macroeconomic environment, can really help 
us step up the overall, sort of, footfall numbers, driving a lot more bill counts. 
 
And finally, there is a large play in terms of our retention strategy, in terms of ensuring we are 
able to recall a lot of the 80 lakh to 90 lakh customers that have already purchased from us, the 
data with which we carry in our systems. So, these are the overall growth levers in terms of 
having good SSG growth. 
 
That said, there are a lot of micro KPIs that we work on, which I have mentioned for an earlier 
question, which is in terms of product, in terms of marketing, in terms of the operation standards. 
And the real goal is to ensure that we do the best justice to every single guest walking into our 
store, making them feel extremely happy with what they have purchased. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. This is very elaborate and detailed. Thank you so much. Just one quick follow-up. Last 
two years, we were indicating that we will have a double-digit footprint-led revenue growth. 
Now that this year, we are not having net level strong footprint growth, do you think that double-
digit growth will be difficult or you think that SSG should be able to compensate for whatever 
impact we will have from lower net store addition? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, again, see the goal of the Company is to always deliver on the best financial performance. 
This year, we believe improving the quality of retail is more important than improving the 
number of square feet we operate in, which at a net level, will be much more beneficial to us. 
So, for any retail Company, having a tail is the worst thing possible because that means great 
inventory gets stuck at the back of the non-performing stores, along with the overall operating 
deleverage that comes with it. So, the goal is to ensure great SSG along with improving retail 
quality, making us poised for good growth at the end of the financial year. So, if there is any 
market where we do not operate in, we will absolutely open a store. There is no reason to slow 
down in terms of store openings. It is just we want to do it in a manner which is sustainable and 
has great financial outcomes in both mid-term to long-term as well. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you so much. This is very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani from Nippon Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Yeah. Hi, Vedant, thank you. I just want to know about the, like, consumer sales grew around 
23% versus reported sales growth of around 17%. So, since last seven quarters or eight quarters, 
consumer sales growth has been much higher than the reported sales. Generally, it moves hand 
in hand and if there is any deviation probably one quarter or two quarter it will reverse. So, just 
want to know reason behind it, are the store having very high inventory two years ago and that 
is why reported sales looks weak because they are clearing the inventory? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So, on a full financial year basis if you look at the growth in primary and customer revenue 
moves in the similar direction. On a quarterly basis, it can vary depending upon what is the 
upcoming quarter which is coming up. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Last eight quarter it is happening. 
Rahul Murarka: 
Sorry? 
Jignesh Kamani: 
If you take out last eight quarters, except fourth quarter, every quarter consumer sales growth 
was higher than the reported sales growth. 
Rahul Murarka: 
No, so that to some extent it can be. Generally, if you look at full financial year like FY ‘25, if 
you look at, it was in the similar direction. It was moving in the similar direction in FY ‘25. So, 
what is important is to look at the full financial level. Like, if I tell you last year our primary 
revenue growth was 1.2%, okay, and our customer revenue growth was 2%. So, it was similar. 
So, that is what we are saying that if you look at financial year level, it will move in the similar 
direction. But in any particular quarter, there can be variations because our model is auto 
replenishment. Every replenishment happens automatically. There is no manual intervention. 
And the replenishment happens based on the demand and supply, how is the season in the 
upcoming quarter. So, these factors play a role, and it is fully automated. There is no manual 
intervention at all. So, that is why we are saying, it is important to look at the full financial year 
level rather than quarter to quarter. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Let me ask this differently. Over the last two years or three years, have you seen increase in the 
inventory per store, either in number of SKU or the absolute amount? And how is it currently? 
Vedant Modi: 
See, it again depends from a store-to-store perspective, at an overall level, our receivables have 
not changed dramatically. They might have improved for some stores where we have taken a 
strategic call to add Mohey and or Twamev or both. So, in those stores you would find that 
inventory levels in terms of MRP have increased. Because each store can only carry a certain 
number of pieces. But the moment we decide that we will change, let us say, 10% of the 
inventory from Manyavar to Twamev, the overall store’s MRP value actually moves from 100 
to about 130, because Twamev carries a much larger revenue. So, that is one reason why 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
receivables increase from a store-to-store perspective. But as a Company we love to be a 
Company that has very high inventory turns overall. 
 
So the goal is never to fill up stock. We look at our stores to be beautiful retail environments. 
We do not want them to look like warehouses, and the goal always is to have only the optimum 
inventory on the floor level. But yes, when we move from Manyavar to having a little bit of 
Twamev or Mohey, both the receivables and the inventory lying at the store increases because 
of the change in ASP of the products. 
Rahul Murarka: 
But on an overall level if you look at, in TTM June 2025, our receivables days are 71 days, 
whereas in FY ‘25 it was 77 days. So, it has actually come down compared to FY ‘25. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Yes, sure. And second question on the SSG, like last, almost two years SSG has been very soft. 
So are we seeing the franchising partner, you can say there is a fatigue created at their end 
because their pivot period has elongated and ROI has been much deteriorated because of the 
overall condition. And in account of that are we seeing higher number of closer or when you 
want to open a new store, interest from the existing franchise for the second or third store has 
been slightly weak now? 
Vedant Modi: 
So, then I will take this question in multiple levels. So, from a workflow perspective the way we 
function is, our business development team signs the store and after signing a property, we look 
for a partner from the existing network or from outside as needed, and that has never been a 
challenge for us, including even now. That is rather one of the easiest part of the operations we 
run. 
 
Coming to the ROI of our partners, majority of our partners are well established retailers having 
worked with us for many-many years. They understand what the mid-premium discretionary 
spend is going through. They are wary of the facts, and the best thing is that even two years ago, 
we operated at ROIs which were extremely high. So, while that number would have come down 
slightly for the partners, it is still very healthy and positive. That is the reason why there is a lot 
of hard work that needs to be put in by our franchisees and the Company. However, there is no 
sort of story of negative ROI as such. Hence, all partners remain to be committed towards the 
overall growth of the brand. 
 
And finally, when I talk about closure, majority of the closures that we take up are actually led 
by the Company itself, which is more strategic in nature due to the reasons I mentioned. Very 
rarely do we have closures coming from the partner’s end. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. And my last question is on -- 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Moderator: 
Sorry to Interrupt sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue for the follow up 
question. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Hi. Most of my questions are answered. You can move to the next participant. Thank you. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from IIFL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I am sorry if somebody has asked this, I 
joined the call a little late. I was of the impression it starts at four. First thing, on the EBITDA 
margin. Now, historically, if I look at EBITDA margin in 1st Quarter and full year, normally, it 
is in the same range. This quarter has started on a very unexpectedly lower note at 42% to 43%. 
Now, how should we look at it? Is it that ad spend this quarter have been disproportionately 
higher and you expect some phasing, or this is a normal level which you think will sustain going 
forward? So, just if you can elaborate on that, please? 
Rahul Murarka: 
Hi, Sameer. So, this time the marketing cost is the main reason why we see a decline in EBITDA 
margin because last year, in Q1 FY ‘25, we had a very negligible marketing cost because of, 
there were negligible weddings last year in Q1 FY ‘25. So, that year in Q1 FY ‘25, the marketing 
cost was only 2.3% of revenue, wherein in this quarter, we have spent 5.6% of revenue in 
marketing cost. So, around 3.3% is impact of marketing cost only. So, that is a major reason 
where we see that the EBITDA margins are looking lower compared to last year’s Q1. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Understood. But if 5.6% is going to be a consistent number for the full year, that would mean 
that, all things equal, 43% is also going to sustain for the full year, right? 
Vedant Modi: 
No, no. 
Rahul Murarka: 
No. The point here is, look, there are multiple things which play a role. Another thing, one is the 
marketing cost. Another is, there is operating leverage as well , when we look at the full financial 
year, Q3 is the highest revenue generating quarter for us. So, by the time we reach a nine month 
period, of course, the revenue levels are very different compared to the cost, right? So, of course, 
the margins at EBITDA level also look different because of positive operating leverage. 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Vedant Modi: 
So, just for reference, quarter one advertisement cost was 5.6%, and last year’s entire year’s 
financial year advertisement cost was also similar to that level, if not slightly higher. So, at a 
financial year level, advertisement costs are always at that level. It is just we have strategically 
decided to save money last year 1st Quarter to spend more in the second-half, which we decided 
not to do this year. If we remove that, then we also had operating leverage, improving the overall 
margins and that 80 bps that came down from a gross margin level is more of a quarterly thing, 
something which will fix itself in the remaining financial year. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. A little bit of follow-up over there. So, I am noticing the GM contraction, it is still not 
high, but it is happening for the last three quarters and the reasons we still are not sure. I mean 
it is something similar that we have mentioned last two quarters also. So, what exactly is 
happening over there? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So Sameer, on the gross margin if you look at, in Q4 FY ‘25, we had 66.2% of gross margin and 
with current quarter we had 66.9% of gross margin. Now, our point here is, that it is always 
better to look at gross margin at an annual level. On your point of quarter-on-quarter we have 
actually improved on gross margin. But our recommendation would be to look at annual level 
and as a management, we are very comfortable with a gross margin of anything above 65%. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Okay. So, let me ask this in a different way, I was actually looking at Y-o-Y contraction, so 80 
bps is the contraction this quarter, last quarter was 90 bps, prior to that was 50 bps. This is what 
I was referring to. 
Rahul Murarka: 
So that is what Sameer, I mean, look, at the full financial level if you look at, last year we had 
67.2% of gross margin in FY ‘25, right? And now we are at 66.9% of gross margin in Q1, right? 
So, there is only 0.3% of difference which we are talking, that also can be of different reason on 
a quarterly basis. So firstly, it is important to look at a financial year level, that is what we are 
trying to say, because quarterly it can always vary. 
Vedant Modi: 
I would also just like to add one thing, FY ‘24 gross margin was 67.2%, FY ‘25 gross margin 
was 67.2%, absolutely the same, and quarter one FY ‘26 is just 30 bps lower than that, 66.9%. 
So, all we are trying to say is, if you look at it from a full financial year level, you will hardly 
find things moving here and there. That said, as a Company, the goal is to improve our gross 
margin within each category of a brand. With Mohey, Twamev and Diwas growing its share of 
the pie, at Company’s revenue level, managing the same gross margin we operate, is becoming 
more and more difficult, but somehow, we are able to manage to stick to the same levels. And 
that is something which I would say is a great achievement by our merchandising team. And the 
goal is, if we are able to maintain these numbers, that means significant improvement in the 
departments that are operating Mohey, Twamev and Diwas. 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. And just sorry, just to blabber on this point again. So logically, if a Mohey, Twamev or 
Diwas is giving higher growth versus Manyavar, there should be a natural contraction in GM, is 
that correct understanding. 
Vedant Modi: 
See that is a correct understanding. But that is what I am trying to say, even though they have 
grown much better than the Company average, still the FY ‘24 gross margin and the FY ‘25 
gross margin was absolutely the same. Even the current quarter’s gross margin is almost the 
same at 66.9%. So, we are actually improving a lot on our gross margins when it comes to within 
the brand level. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. 
Vedant Modi: 
So, there is a lot of improvement happening. So, the goal is to actually maintain the Company 
level average for which we will actually have to do a lot of hard work within the brands. 
Sameer Gupta: 
This is very helpful, Vedant. Thanks for sticking around and answering this in detail. Second 
question, if I may? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt sir, but I may request you to rejoin the question queue for follow-up questions. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sure. I will do that. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Dudhwala from Trinetra Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. The next question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani from Nippon 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Hi, Vedant. I just want to know more on the you can say Mohey and Twamev. There, I believe, 
since Manyavar is more established brand versus while Mohey and Twamev is more on the 
seeding stage right now. So, your revenue per square feet will be slightly weak there and as you 
said their ASP is 30% higher. So, your inventory amount will be higher and inventory turn might 
be weak. So, from the franchising point of view, ROI on the Mohey, Twamev will be slightly 
inferior versus Manyavar. So, are we compensating them enough for them to make it motivated 
because when I interact with some of the franchising partners, they were not keen to promote 
more Mohey, Twamev because from their perspective, they will dilute on the ROI? 
Vedant Modi: 
Well, I would like to take this answer up in two parts. So, when I talk about Twamev, when we 
talk about having Twamev within Manyavar Mohey stores, then it will always add ROI value to 
any partner that operates with us because Twamev is added in the same space where Manyavar 
is kept. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Okay. 

 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Vedant Modi: 
In basically nutshell, it increases the ASP of the store and also improves the average ticket value 
of the customers because of having better ASP products and satisfying to the already existing 
demand. So, it will always be improving the ROI for our partners. Now, when I talk about 
Mohey, what we have seen is, in the larger stores, Mohey actually has tremendous value in terms 
of the growth it gives to that particular store. And on the second part, when you are building a 
store, let us say 5,000 square feet store versus 7,000 square feet store, the amount of Capex you 
spend for that incremental 2,000 square feet is much lower than the average of the 5,000 square 
feet you are spending because there is economies of scale when you are building that store. 
 
The second part is in the store operations as well. So, there are some larger cost components, let 
us say, the store manager. Now the same store manager is able to handle both Manyavar and 
Mohey, and you do not need to have another person doing that job. So, even from operations 
economies of scale, having Mohey makes so much more sense than not having it when we have 
a larger space. So, from an ROI perspective, when I look at Mohey as an incremental perspective 
to the Manyavar store that was already going to open, it will be at a very similar ROI level. So 
that is what our understanding is, and majority of the partners we interact with across India, 
everyone is now pretty happy with Mohey and very happy to have Mohey in all the new stores 
that are opening. Hence you will find 40% of the -- 
Jignesh Kamani: 
What about the existing store? Understood about the new store, but existing store which are 
already doing the Manyavar, there you are replacing part of the area of Manyavar with Mohey, 
there the ROI will get compromised, right? 
Vedant Modi: 
No, because I would say two years ago that exercise was completed. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Okay. 
Vedant Modi: 
So, in the last two years, we have never really transferred a Manyavar store to be Manyavar 
Mohey because any store where there was enough space and we could have done that, we have 
already done that. So that opportunity does not exist anymore. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vedant Modi: 
It is always a pleasure interacting with all the analysts. Thank you very much for joining. 
Looking forward to interacting again the next quarter. Namaskar and thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Vedant Fashions, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
