 
ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LTD. 
R 
 
Registered Office: 
Office Nos. 1101 to 1107, 11th Floor, Icon Rio, 
Behind Icon Business Centre, Dumas Road, 
  Surat-395007, Gujarat, India. 
       Tel.           :   +91-261-2398991-95 
       Fax           :   +91-261-2398996 
        E-mail       :   office@anupamrasayan.com     
Website    :  www.anupamrasayan.com 
CIN  - L24231GJ2003PLC042988                 
 
         
       ARILSLDSTX20250819033                                                                                        Date: August 19, 2025 
To,                                                                         
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001, India 
SCRIP CODE: 543275 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai-400051, India 
SYMBOL: ANURAS 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Submission of transcript of Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of Anupam Rasayan India Limited (the “Company”) for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025 held by the Company on Thursday, August 14, 2025.  
 
This information is also being hosted on the Company’s website at www.anupamrasayan.com.  
 
We request you to kindly note the same and take into your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
                                                                                        
Encl.: As above 
ASHISH 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
ASHISH GUPTA 
Date: 2025.08.19 
14:54:10 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
“Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2025 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANAND DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. GOPAL AGRAWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. AMIT KHURANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. VISHAL THAKKAR – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. KRISHNA PATEL – ERNST & YOUNG 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Anupam Rasayan India Limited Q1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this call is being recorded. 
 
With this, I now hand the conference over to Ms. Krishna Patel from EY. Thank you, and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Krishna Patel: 
Thank you, Samiya, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome you all to Anupam Rasayan India 
Limited's Q1 FY '26 earnings conference call. To take us through the results and to answer your 
questions, we have with us the management of Anupam Rasayan, represented by Mr. Anand 
Desai, Managing Director; Mr. Gopal Agrawal, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Amit Khurana, 
Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Vishal Thakkar, Deputy Chief Financial Officer. 
 
The discussions that we may have today may contain certain forward-looking statements relating 
to the future events and future performance. Numerous factors could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements. 
 
Please note the audio of this call is copyright material of Anupam Rasayan India and cannot be 
copied, rebroadcasted, attributed in press or media without specific written consent of the 
company. 
 
I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Anand Desai, the Managing Director, for his 
opening comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anand Desai: 
Thank you, Krishna. Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to welcome you all to the Q1 FY 
'26 earnings conference call of Anupam Rasayan India Limited. During Q1 FY '26, consolidated 
revenue stood at INR491 crores, registering a robust growth of 89% year-on-year. We strongly 
believe that the sectoral trends are in our favor, and we are witnessing a clear resurgence in 
growth.  
Our pharma and polymer businesses are performing well, coupled with recovery in agrochemical 
segment. The USA and Japan markets have shown encouraging trends for Anupam Rasayan. 
And during the Q1 FY '26, total exports accounted for 58% of the total revenue from operations. 
 
During the quarter, the company signed a long-term master purchase agreement with a Japan-
based multinational conglomerate, a global leader in fluorochemicals and advanced technology 
solutions. This agreement brings immediate as well as long-term commercial value, marking a 
significant milestone in our growth journey. 
 
Anupam Rasayan is collaborating with this Japanese conglomerate to supply multiple niche 
molecules used across diverse applications, including semiconductors, data centers and 
electronics. Several of these molecules are scheduled for commercialization this year with 
production ramping up from next year onwards. 
This collaboration not only highlights Anupam's strength in fluorination and custom synthesis, 
but also reflects the trust global customers place in our quality manufacturing and technical 
capabilities. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
 
Additionally, during the quarter, the company signed letter of intent with E-Lyte Innovations, a 
European developer and supplier of electrolyte solutions for energy storage. Our subsidiary of 
FUCHS known for its innovative lubricant solutions, Anupam will be one of the first 
manufacturers to commercially produce this molecule in India, further solidifying our position 
in the rapidly growing EV and battery ecosystem. With the 2 new agreements signed with Japan 
and the U.S.-based multinational companies also, our order book now stands at INR14,646 
crores. 
 
On the working capital front, we have been making endless efforts to optimize our balance sheet. 
We have already seen meaningful progress to receipts of advances from customers for inventory 
in this quarter. Overall inventory levels have also begun to follow a downward trajectory, and 
we expect to see a considerable reduction in our working capital in the coming quarter. These 
initiatives will further strengthen our balance sheet and overall financial position. 
 
Building on a strong Q4 performance and a robust start to FY '26 with this quarter, we believe 
our growth trajectory is firmly back on track with improved working capital efficiency, recently 
signed LOIs and the continued strength in our pharma and polymer businesses, which further 
reinforces our confidence. We are confident and committed to delivering sustained and 
profitable growth. 
 
With this, I would now like to hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Gopal Agrawal, to take you 
through the business and operational updates in greater detail. Over to you, Gopal bhai. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Thank you, Anand bhai. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As 
Anand bhai highlighted, Q1 FY '26 reflects sustained momentum across our businesses. Our 
pharma and polymer segment continued to gain strong traction, driven by ramp-up of recent 
molecule launches and increasing customer demand. 
 
Speaking about segment-wise performance, Life Sciences-related specialty chemical 
contributed 88% of our revenue as on Q1 FY '26. Pharma segment revenue contributed 24% in 
Q1 FY '26 compared to last year, where pharma contributed 15% of revenue. This translates to 
growth of 3x over last year on the back of ramping up of new molecules launched in 18 to 24 
months. 
 
Performance materials contributed 12% of total revenue as on Q1 FY '26 compared to 10% in 
Q1 FY '25. This translates to growth of over 2x over last year on the back of commercialization 
of product under recently signed contracts. We expect this segment to contribute further in our 
growth. 
 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Amit Khurana, for a detailed update 
on financial performance. Over to you, Amit bhai. 
Amit Khurana: 
Thank you, Gopal bhai, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our earnings 
call today. I will share the financial highlights for the quarter.  
An update on the capex. All planned projects have been completed with plants commissioned 
and fully operational. Two plants have been commercialized with trial runs ongoing in 1 plant. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
 
About working capital, as Anand sir mentioned, a sharp reduction in inventory and consequently, 
net working capital days is expected in FY '26, starting from this quarter. This improvement will 
primarily be driven by execution of a substantial number of orders in Q2, which are being 
fulfilled using the existing inventory.  
Another significant development is the receipt of INR277.5 crores from preferential issue in July 
2025, out of which INR175 crores has already been used to repay term debt. With this, the 
company is long-term net debt free. 
 
I'll hand over to our Deputy CFO, Mr. Vishal Thakkar, to share detailed quarterly and annual 
financial performance. Over to you, Vishal bhai. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you, Amit bhai. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for being with us today. I would 
like to share some key financial performance highlights for the quarter before we open the floor 
for the question-and-answer session. I hope you have had the opportunity to review our detailed 
presentation and the results that were submitted to the Exchange and posted on our website as 
well. 
 
Kindly note, our numbers for the quarter are on a consolidated basis, and they include Tanfac as 
well. The consolidated financial highlights for quarter ended 30th June 2025:  
- 
Revenue from the operations was at INR486 crores as compared to INR254 crores in Q1 
FY '25, up 91% Y-o-Y.  
- 
EBITDA, including other income, was at INR129 crores as compared to INR59 crores in 
Q1 FY '25, up 118% Y-o-Y. This translates to 26.3% EBITDA margin for this quarter.  
- 
Profit after tax was at INR49 crores as compared to INR12 crores in Q1 FY '26, up 297% 
Y-o-Y. This translates to a 10% PAT margin in this quarter.  
If you look at the stand-alone financials for the quarter ended 30th June 2025:  
- 
Revenue from operation was at INR316 crores as compared to INR164 crores in Q1 FY 
'25, up 93% on a year-on-year basis.  
- 
EBITDA, including other income, was at INR99 crores as compared to INR43 crores in Q1 
FY '25, up 133% Y-o-Y, translating to an EBITDA margin of 31% for the quarter.  
- 
Profit after tax was at INR29.7 crores as compared to INR1.4 crores in Q1 FY '26. This 
translates to a PAT margin of 9.3% in this quarter.  
Our top 10 customers contributed 79% of our revenue from operations in Q1 FY '26. 
 
With this, I open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Meet Gada from Emkay Global. 
Meet Gada: 
Congratulations team on great set of numbers amid all these geopolitical events. I have a couple 
of questions. Firstly, I wanted to ask that U.S. has announced 25% additional tariffs on India 
plus some additional penalties, which have come into effect by last week of August. So I wanted 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
your perspective, Anand bhai, on how is that impacting the Indian chemical industry in the near 
term? And what is your exposure to the U.S. geography? And how are you strategizing to 
mitigate those risks? I believe last couple of LOIs in Q4 were with U.S.-based customers. What 
is your take on the execution of those LOIs or contracts? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Meet, this is Vishal. Let me take this question. Meet, thank you for the question, and thanks for 
the appreciation of the effort of the management in performance. If we look at the situation in 
terms of tariff from the U.S. one, I think today, a lot is fluid, I would say. And I would wait 
before make a conclusive statement. But today, if we look at it, we believe that whatever the 
tariffs that have been mentioned today and right now in the place, I personally feel that those 
numbers will be reviewed and corrected. 
 
However, if you look at from any angle in terms of the competitive landscape in terms of 
alternate supply chain geographies, I think India stands fairly stable in terms of its situation and 
in terms of its competitive strength that there would not be any major meaningful impact coming 
in is my current assessment.  
Also, if we look at from Anupam's specific perspective, today, the revenue -- last year, our 
revenue from U.S. was around in a lower single digit. And we have signed an LOI and a contract. 
If you look at them, I think we have a very fairly robust order book order from the customer with 
the pricing agreed. So to that extent, we don't see that.  
Also, some of the products are already in the exempt list, which we are planning to supply. And 
so to that extent, we are far more comfortable. And therefore, we do not feel much of a challenge 
there. And some of the other suppliers will have an antidumping duty, which may be the case. 
But for us, at least that is fairly comfortable from our perspective. 
Meet Gada: 
Second question, can you help me understand more on that long-term master purchase agreement 
with Japanese conglomerate in terms of business segment value of the contract on an annual 
basis and how many molecules are covered within this agreement? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So right now, we are working on more than 5 to 6 products with them. They're largely in the 
polymer segment. Values right now, they are under evaluation. And right now, it may not be the 
right time to share the value. But the only thing we can share is the kind of potential. There is a 
significantly large potential coming from these molecules as they are in the specialty polymer 
segment that are there. And this is -- as we mentioned, this is one of the very large MNC in this 
segment, which is in the fluoro side of the business. 
Meet Gada: 
Got it, sir. Next, pharma revenues have been growing quarter-on-quarter from INR25 crores in 
Q1 last year to INR75 crores now in this quarter. Are these revenues part of LOI or they are non-
LOI based? Also, the products which we are supplying are going into patented or non-patent 
products? And what are the therapies which those intermediates cater to? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Okay. So if you look at our pharma strategy, the pharma strategy for us is more looking at input 
substitution in India and specifically addressing the KSM space, which is the space which is 
right now not catered by the Indian player -- Indian players. India in terms of pharma, if you 
look at it, largely Indian players are more active in the formulation, so branded generics and also 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
in the API space. But on the KSM side, very few people would be operating, and that's the 
market space that we are focusing on. 
 
Two, if you look at these are not the LOI -- these revenues are not from -- not out of the LOIs 
revenue. These are additional revenue that you will see from here. And in terms of list, last year, 
we had launched -- over the last 18 months, we have launched now about 17 new molecules, 
which are now ramping up to give us this revenue.  
And this is across segments like your CNS segment, it is across your statins, it is across your 
infectious disease. So it is broadly across multiple therapeutic segments. But key thing that you 
have to appreciate is that these are all raw products, which are really an extension of our value 
chain. 
 
So what value chain we have today in terms of our chemistry and supply chain and 
manufacturing capacities, we are leveraging those anywhere for agro, we have agro polymer and 
the similar ones are being utilized to an extension to use that similar supply chain to address the 
pharma market. So we come from more chemistry and processes and ending up our finished 
product into the pharma segment. 
Meet Gada: 
Got it, sir. One question, if I can squeeze in. So your performance materials segment should be 
growing considering the revenues which you have signed recently. So what should be the 
contribution mix from this segment going in FY '27, '28? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So today also, if you look at the performance segment is around about just about double digit. 
And we expect that, that number should be -- would be around 15% to 20% this year. And as we 
go further, this should go and end up around 20% to 25% at least in the next 2 to 3 years' time, 
similar to what we will see for the pharma as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities. 
S. Ramesh: 
Congratulations on your results. Just a housekeeping question. In the presentation, the export 
share was mentioned as 48%, but I heard Anand bhai saying the export share is 58%. So can you 
clarify that? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
It's a typographical error on the presentation, if that is 58% is the right number. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. So when you talk about the debt coming down, there is an increase in the interest expense. 
So if you look at the reduction in long-term debt, what would be the run rate for interest expense 
from the second quarter for FY '26? And then if you look at your working capital reduction, how 
much is the existing inventory in value terms that is being used for your new orders from second 
quarter? 
Amit Khurana: 
So let me answer the interest rate question or the debt question. So yes, my debt will be in the 
range of INR1,000 crores by now. And as we go, that number would tend to -- on a net basis, 
tend to reduce as my operating cash flows kick in. For now, you can look at around about around 
-- for the quarter, yes, it will be in the range of INR26 crores to INR27 crores a quarter kind of 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
a number or a little less than that also will be the possibility. Right now, it is this and let's see 
from there, right? 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. So when you talk about using the existing inventory for the new orders starting this 
quarter, can you quantify the value of the inventory so that we get a sense of how much the 
inventory will come down relative to the ramp-up in revenue? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Are we talking about this quarter? Or are we talking about the year? 
S. Ramesh: 
No. You made a mention that you're going to use existing inventory for ramping up a new order, 
right? So whatever revenue you get, you will be on the existing inventory, so your inventory 
days come down. So if you can quantify the value of the inventory will be used and what is the 
kind of revenue you expect on a steady-state basis on these orders, can you help us understand 
how the working capital look like? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So by the year-end, we are looking at, let's say, around about the kind of a working capital cycle 
that we saw for 2024. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. So when you talk about this new order using existing inventory, now you have several 
orders to start being executed this year from over CY '25, FY '26. So these orders will be 
executed in the next few quarters. How is the receivable and inventory cycle compared to the 
existing business? In terms of number of days, what would be the reduction? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Sorry, I didn't get you. Can you please tell me…? 
S. Ramesh: 
In terms of the incremental growth in revenue. So there's an existing revenue and working capital 
profile, right? So in terms of the new orders being executed over FY '25-'26 as per the LOI 
schedule given for the execution of the new orders, what will be the receivable days and 
inventory days in terms of incremental impact on the balance? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So incremental impact, as I'm saying, I'm talking on the net basis. So all the -- if you look at it, 
my -- as we go forward, I will be able to use my part of my inventory to liquidate and convert it 
into sales, which would mean that my absolute number also should come down. Second, also, 
what will it also mean receivables also, which were extended are also going to contracts in terms 
of days. So if you look at it, the cycle of my cash conversion is going to shrink and reduce. That 
is the first focus that I want to achieve. 
 
Second, as I mentioned, over the year, we should be looking at coming back to a working capital 
cycle of what we saw in 2024. And in terms of absolute, yes, there will be a reduction in terms 
of a few hundred crores of working capital intensity -- working capital in absolute term also 
should be -- is what we are looking at. So it's a combination of sales increase and reduction in 
working capital. 
 
And as we go, there are 2 parts, as we discussed earlier also that pharma will have a little longer 
receivable cycle compared to agro and polymer versus pharma will have a lesser inventory 
intensity compared to pharma and polymer. Net-net, eventually, we should end up with a net 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
working capital over the next 2 years kind of a timeframe in the range of 180 days kind of a 
target that we have been having for us, 180 days. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. So you mentioned the Y-o-Y numbers for pharma and performance chemicals. Can you 
give a similar number for agrochem and personal care? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Okay. Y-o-Y, I am saying that pharma for -- agro for this quarter would be around about 57% 
of my revenue. So I think that will help you in terms of getting the balance. 
S. Ramesh: 
I understand that since you gave the number, corresponding number for pharma and performance 
chemicals, it will be useful if you give the same number for agrochem and personal care. That 
is the point I'm making. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
I'll get you that number. Just give me a minute or 2 to just do the math and give it to you. 
S. Ramesh: 
Yes. And secondly, if you look at your customer offtake in agrochemicals, you're saying that 
performance is improving. And -- but there's other companies who are saying that customers are 
deferring orders and they are balancing their inventory requirements. So in your case, are the 
innovators able to get their material as per the delivery schedule?  
So when you say agrochemicals for CSM is improving, how is it different for you compared to 
your competitors? Because we heard one peer say that their volumes have actually dropped 
because the customer has been reducing the offtake versus their contracts. So what is different 
in your case? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So Ramesh, first, there is a 100% Y-o-Y growth in my agrochem segment as well, if that helps 
the first question to answer. Now second is, these are all product-specific, customer-specific, 
company-specific situations. Like there were my peers which were showing growth when I was 
in the degrowth period last year. So making a comment on any of my peers may not be the best 
statement to make. But what I'm saying is that today, what I see that this year, we are looking at 
a very strong revenue growth across all the 4 segments that I can say, which is agro, pharma, 
polymer and personal care. 
 
And we see -- personal care will remain a steady growth because it has not seen any too much 
of a volatility. We will continue to be there, but agro, pharma and polymer will be a strong 
growth. We will -- we are looking at, as I had said in the last call also, this year is looking at as 
where we are going to grow over 30-plus percent kind of revenue numbers that we are very -- 
we are feeling very, very comfortable. If you look at my last 2 quarters' results, it gives me that 
much confidence and it provides a strong empirical evidence to that plan or the suggestion that 
I'm making. 
S. Ramesh: 
So just trying to put the order book schedule in perspective and the segments you are giving. So 
you said pharma is out of the order book. So if you look at the segment categories, how should 
we read the order book execution in FY '26 and '27 based on the LOI schedule you have given? 
So how do we fit it into these segments? 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So order book, if you really look at it, largely will be for polymer and for the agrochem side, 
you can see LOIs largely catering to these 2 segments. We expect that around INR450 crores, 
INR500 crores kind of a number will be there for this year, and we expect it to go -- so we would 
double the contribution from LOI from last year to this year broadly, and we expect a similar 
kind of a number growth next year as well because a lot of LOIs and contracts are getting 
commercialized and getting ramped up. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. And the polymer will be in the performance chemicals segment, right? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes, polymer is performance chemicals, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rikin Shah. 
Rikin Shah: 
Congrats on a very strong rebound. So my first question is, I want to try to understand what the 
inventory situation is like at the end customers' end, like who we are supplying to for our key 
molecules basically? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So thank you, and thank you that helps me also explain what I was trying to explain and thanks 
for this question. If you see last 18 months has been a very concentrated effort from my customer 
to really reduce their supply inventory levels. And if you -- if we see now, those stocks are now 
coming to the level -- target levels that they had put for themselves.  
So to that extent, we see that now whatever the projections they are giving us for their offtake 
are looking more robust, more visible and more firm in their nature. So to that extent, the 
reduction in the inventory cycle that they wanted in terms of channel inventory, they've largely 
covered it for now. 
Rikin Shah: 
Got it. But sir, like when we -- like the broad-based commentary when we see the partner 
meetings of any of the innovators, the comments to all the contract manufacturers more or less 
the same, which is to reduce cost and work on cost structure. So do you feel that the pressure is 
much lesser today like compared to like 1 year ago maybe? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Significantly less. If you ask me last year versus this year, we see far more comfort in terms of 
-- the buoyancy in terms of their projection or also cost pressures have - see, basically, what has 
happened that most of them -- most of the cost pressure, if you really see, started in the '23 kind 
of a timeframe, especially when there was a Ukraine-Russia conflict which led to a strong 
inflation -- very high inflationary pressures across energy and every other facet, which 
practically 2 things have happened from there. 
The energy prices have got corrected significantly and came back to a more steady state. And 
also, if you look at from a logistics or transportation or any other places also, the costs have 
become more stable and more near to the past steady-state numbers. So to that extent, cost 
pressures are not as much. No doubt always customer will want to have a cheaper product and 
quicker. But I think everybody has seen that now we have come to a level where we need to get 
to business on a steady-state basis, and we have to act and behave and expect in the similar 
range. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Rikin Shah: 
Got it, sir. And apologies for the next question, if it's a repetition. But after the preferential and 
perhaps the cash flows of FY '25 materializing in FY '26 as there is more inventory 
rationalization. So what kind of debt reduction maybe short-term and long-term goals do we 
have? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So if you see, first, we are today on a net basis because we have some bit of a capital, a little 
small, a little bit of a term debt. So on a net term debt basis, we are net 0 actually. So we have 
practically no net term debt left out first.  
Second, today, we have a working capital lines of around about INR1,000 crores. We expect 
that to get corrected more in terms of reflection of the operating cash flows because today, if 
you look at it, no major capex planned or necessitated. And two, working capital will release 
cash rather than consume cash. 
Rikin Shah: 
So like, even if we see working capital debt and combined gross debt long term plus working 
capital related. So overall, do we have any target in our mind?  
Vishal Thakkar: 
See, I'm just saying that today, if you look at my debt-to-EBITDA will be less than 2, and I will 
try and keep it around less than 2 and more pushing towards 1.5 or less. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question comes from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities. 
S. Ramesh: 
So in terms of the margin profile and the tax rate, how should we read the incremental growth 
from the new LOIs, what would be the margin profile and how would the tax rate move? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So margin profile, we should have a similar margin profile that we have been historically 
guiding. I would put it around about 25% to 27% margin profile is what I would really guide at 
incremental. And tax rate, I think steady state tax rate what we have been historically is where 
we should be looking at. 
S. Ramesh: 
Tax rate first quarter is only 23%. So will it increase over the 4 quarters and go back to 20%, 
30%  
Vishal Thakkar: 
Yes. So what has been the historical average? I think if you take it to that level, it should be the 
right one. 
S. Ramesh: 
The reason I'm asking is how is the tax rate declined to 23% in the first quarter? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
There was basically some credits which were there, which we have been able to use it. 
S. Ramesh: 
Okay. So one request, Tanfac is a company is supplying you material as a group company. So if 
we are able to get some visibility on the performance of the company in the call with the 
management, that will help us understand their company as well and how they fit into your plan. 
So that's one personal request. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Sure. We will look into that. 

 
 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I will now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you. On behalf of the management of Anupam Rasayan India, I thank you all for joining 
on our earnings call today. We hope we have been able to address majority of your queries. If 
you may have any further questions, you may reach out to our Investor Relations partner, E&Y, 
and they would be happy to support you. We close this call. Thank you very much. Have a good 
day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Anupam Rasayan India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
