 
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 Unit No. 301-307, Tower B, Good Earth Trade Tower, 
Sector-62, Gurgaon-122001, 
Haryana, India | Tel: 0124-4037306 
www.dreamfolks.com | info@dreamfolks.com 
CIN: L51909DL2008PLC177181 
Regd. Office: 26, DDA Flats, Shivalik Road, Panchsheel Park, South Delhi, New Delhi-110017 
August 14, 2025 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call conducted on August 07, 2025 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s), 
 
This intimation is being provided in continuation of earlier communication regarding the Earnings 
Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, in compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”).  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 07, 2025 inter alia approved 
the Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. The Company hosted 
Earnings Conference Call on August 07, 2025. In this connection and in compliance with 
Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI LODR Regulations, we 
enclose herewith the transcript of the ‘Dreamfolks Services Limited Q1 FY' 26 Earnings 
Conference Call’. 
 
The above information will also be available on the website of the Company at 
www.dreamfolks.com. 
 
You are hereby requested to take the above intimation on record. 
 
Thanking You! 
 
Yours Faithfully 
 
For Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
 
Harshit Gupta  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above 
To,  
The Secretary, Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 543591 
To,  
The Listing Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-1,  
Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051 
Symbol: DREAMFOLKS 
HARSHIT 
GUPTA
Digitally signed 
by HARSHIT 
GUPTA 
Date: 2025.08.14 
17:15:17 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Dreamfolks Services Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
07th August 2025 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript has been edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded 
on stock exchange on 07th Aug 2025, will prevail.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. LIBERATHA KALLAT – CHAIRPERSON AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. BALAJI SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER  
MR. SHEKHAR SOOD – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. SANDEEP SONAWANE – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER  
 
 
DreamF9 lks 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Dreamfolks Services Limited Q1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
Before we begin, let me remind you that this discussion may contain forward-looking 
statements, and may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. 
It may be viewed in conjunction with the company's business risk that could cause 
future results, performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is being 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 
Today, on this call, we have with us Ms. Liberatha Kallat, Chairperson and Managing 
Director; Mr. Balaji Srinivasan, Executive Director and Chief Technology Officer; Mr. 
Shekhar Sood, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Sandeep Sonawane, Chief Business 
Officer. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Liberatha. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Dreamfolks Services Q1 FY 
'26 Earnings Call. We appreciate your continued trust as we share our Q1 FY '26 
results, strategic priorities, industry context and our long-term vision for sustainable 
value creation. 
 
For the quarter ended June 30, 2025, Dreamfolks delivered a steady set of results, 
reflecting our focus on execution, diversification and operational efficiency. Our 
revenue for the quarter stood at INR 349 crores, showing year-on-year growth of 8.8%. 
Adjusted EBITDA came in at INR 30 crores with margin of 8.7%, showcasing an 
increase of 18.7% year-on-year and PAT at INR 21 crores. 
 
Our non-lounge services also continued to grow, validating our strategy of evolving 
from a lounge aggregator into a broader travel and lifestyle experience platform. 
Dreamfolks was built on a simple principle, democratize aspirational services and 
make them accessible to not few but many, enriching every stage of the traveller’s 
journey. 
 
Our investment in service diversification, technological enhancements and long-term 
partnerships remain intact. The industry landscape is continuously evolving. Although 
in the past, the private airport operators claimed to reduce reliance on facilitators of 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
lounge access, a new dynamic has emerged - they have essentially become lounge 
aggregator themselves at all the airports across India. 
 
In response to these shifts, Dreamfolks is actively accelerating its efforts to expand 
other services. We project that services beyond our lounge offerings will contribute 
approximately one third of our total revenue quicker than we expected. Now I would 
also like to address some recent developments. 
 
While we have seen few banks shift their partnership and others may be facing pressure 
to do the same, I want to emphasize that our agreements with all clients remain firmly 
in place. We are working closely with them to integrate our new service offerings 
beyond airport lounges, a strategic initiative that we believe will yield significant 
results over time. 
 
Our focus is on developing new packages and redefining our customer value 
proposition to ultimately enhance the end consumer experience. Our major focus now 
is on further expanding our presence in Southeast Asia and Middle East countries by 
forming strategic partnerships with key players in those locations and to continue to 
reduce dependency on one service by scaling adjacent and innovative offerings such 
as golf, railway lounges, wellness packages, Coffee at Malls and access to premium 
social clubs, all designed to serve the modern traveller and urban customer beyond 
airport touch points. 
 
With the addition of new services, we are also parallelly working on developing our 
technology to get more agile to cater to the evolving needs of our clients. We will 
continue to strategically diversify our portfolio by focusing on two key areas. First, we 
will continue to build and expand our service beyond the airport ecosystem. 
 
Simultaneously, we are committed to broadening our client base to include a wide 
range of partners across enterprises, ensuring a more resilient and dynamic business 
model for the future. On the enterprise front, we are building sticky, high retention 
revenue streams. In the last 1 year, we have onboarded over 40 new enterprise clients 
in the Travel and Lifestyle industry. 
 
We are deploying bundled offerings, including social club, coffee at mall, travel dining 
and other wellness and entertainment services to drive workforce engagement and 
client loyalty. These services tap into growing demand for micro conveniences and 
premium experiences in everyday spaces beyond metro cities where discretionary 
spending is rising. 
 
By expanding our reach into malls, rail hubs and transit clusters, we are extending our 
brand promise from travel only to lifestyle mobility while staying scalable and margin 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
positive. Our geographical deepening continues to be a key strategic lever. 
Domestically, we are expanding our presence across India with increasing penetration 
in non-metro cities where infrastructure growth and aspirational travel are accelerating. 
 
Globally, we serve travellers in 100+ countries with 3,000+ service touch points, 
including lounges, wellness services, golf offering across key global cities. This depth 
provides not just reach, but also resilience buffering against region-specific disruption 
while capturing demand across multiple ecosystems. 
 
Now coming to the industry dynamics. India's credit and charge card market has seen 
strong momentum growing by nearly 28% in 2023, a further 15.3% in 2024, reaching 
Rs. 22.3 trillion. The total number of credit cards in circulation stood around 111 
million by June 2025, and approximately 7% year-on-year increase. The market is 
projected to grow by about 14% in 2025, reaching Rs. 25.4 trillion in annual spend. 
 
Looking ahead, Global Data forecasts a compound annual growth rate of roughly 
11.5% between 2025 and 2029, pushing the credit and the charge market to Rs. 39.3 
trillion by 2029. With the dominant distribution base through card networks, enterprise 
bundles and mobility focused integration, Dreamfolks is positioned as a facilitator of 
this modern lifestyle, building aspiration with accessibility across every transit touch 
point. 
 
At the end, we are building a sustainable tech-enabled enterprise grounded in service 
excellence and powered by long-term partnerships. We are not just enabling travel, we 
are reshaping how modern Indian and global citizen experience moments, well-being 
and leisure in a fast-changing world. We are excited to shape the future of premium 
travel experience together. 
 
Thank you for joining us in this journey. Over to you, Sandeep. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Thank you, Liberatha. As we reflect on the Q1 FY '26, I'm pleased to report a steady 
and purposeful start of the year. Despite the dynamic external environment, as you are 
aware of, we stayed focused on execution, delivering value through disciplined growth, 
strong partnerships and differentiated services. Our enduring relationship with our 
client remains our greatest strength. We are actively deepening these partnerships by 
collaborating to co-create new service models that extend beyond traditional airport 
lounge access. 
 
We look forward to sharing more details on this front soon. We have been developing 
a suite of new cost-efficient services that deliver enhanced value for both client as well 
as customers. This strategic focus allows even low-end cards offer meaningful benefits, 
creating a more inclusive and robust ecosystem. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Furthermore, we are seeing great traction with our social club offerings, which are 
being adopted by various clients, including both enterprise and banks. We are actively 
expanding our program to include new benefits like Coffee at Malls and travel dining 
and are also collaborating with hotels to create unique offerings for our clients. This 
quarter, we remain committed to our strategies by onboarding new enterprise clients 
and expanding consumer touch points. 
 
On the banking side, we launched several new programs, including partnerships with 
banks for 4 new programs. These programs reflect the continued confidence our 
partner places in our platform to deliver scalable, meaningful experiences. It also 
deepens our presence in financial services and reinforces the relevance of our access-
led value proposition. 
 
Our Enterprise segment gained further traction this quarter. We onboarded clients 
operating in travel and lifestyle, each highlighting the growth demand for bundled 
lifestyle-driven benefits that enhance corporate offerings. Our expanding base of 
enterprise partnerships further strengthens our role as a value enabler across diverse 
B2B2C use cases. We continue to build a strong and expansive network. Our global 
footprint also expanded, and we now offer almost access to 850 lounges worldwide, 
ensuring seamless travel experiences for our customers wherever they go. 
 
In Lifestyle access services, our Golf portfolio showed strong momentum. We have 
added 60 new international touch points, expanding our global network to 800+ clubs 
and increasing our India presence to 64 clubs. Our new premium services like Coffee 
at Malls at almost more than 250 outlets and access to social clubs, across 3,000+ clubs 
across the globe is increasingly becoming popular. 
 
This quarter reflects our focused approach on shaping long-term growth to 3 strategic 
levers. First, we are actively diversifying beyond lounge into offerings like Coffee at 
Malls, spa, wellness, access to social clubs, golf so on and so forth. Second, we 
continue to grow our enterprise portfolio by delivering curated programs, tailored to 
evolving client needs, especially in workforce engagement and wellness. 
 
And of course, third, we are deepening our geographic footprint across India's non-
metro cities as well as international markets, broadening our reach while balancing 
exposure. These levers, which are diversification, enterprise expansion and geographic 
scale form the foundation of our forward strategy. 
 
They reduce category dependence and, of course, opens new pathways for sustainable 
high-margin growth. In summary, Q1 FY '26 has been a consistent and a forward-
looking quarter. As we continue to execute with clarity and discipline, we remain 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
confident in the strength of our platform, the depth of our partnerships and the 
directions we are heading towards. Over to you, Balaji. 
Balaji Srinivasan: 
Thank you, Sandeep. I'm excited to share how our ongoing investments in technology 
and innovation are making a real difference, improving performance and strengthening 
our reputation as a trusted partner in various industries. We are at a pivotal point where 
we are making major transformation in our tech platform. 
 
This strategic transformation is powered by a modern, cloud-based tech platform, 
enabling real-time collaboration, efficient growth and quick responses to customer 
feedback. This has evolved our system from a simple operational tool into a vital 
strategic asset, creating personalized and user-friendly experiences for our clients, 
tech-savvy customers. 
 
With our in-house tech infra capability and adaptability, it helps us to be future-ready 
for the impressive expansion in enterprise client base and new services. We're also 
developing a flexible platform that allows customers to easily customize and bundle 
services. 
 
One of the most exciting features of our platform is a smart system that helps customers 
use our services in a flexible manner. This technology allows people to choose from 
both traditional services and new modern ones, and they can mix and match these 
services depending on what fits their goals, preferences and budget. 
 
Overall, our goal is to help customers provide more value to consumers. We are giving 
users more choices, more control, which means a better and more personalized 
experience for everyone using our platform. A key part of this strategy is leveraging 
our core strength, our fungible and spend-based models. 
 
This unique approach allows us to offer a wide array of choices to the consumer, 
enabling us to serve a broader range of consumers ever than before. Importantly, our 
tech is integrated into our client systems, allowing us to create data-driven solutions 
that address real business needs. 
 
We don't just provide tools. We work with our clients to develop long-term solutions. 
We are continuing to work on bespoke solutions for our global clients, corresponding 
to our focus in new regions of Southeast Asia, Middle East and other regions and also 
streamlining integration for dynamic pricing at both client and vendor end. In 
summary, our focus on innovation is changing the service landscape. We are building 
scalable systems that align with our client goals. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Our mission is clear: to drive measurable success while staying agile and responsive 
in a rapidly changing world. I will hand over to Shekhar for an update on the financials 
for the quarter ended on 30 June 2025. Over to you, Shekhar. 
Shekhar Sood: 
Thank you, Balaji. A warm welcome to everyone joining today's call. We are pleased 
to share that the company has delivered a steady performance in the first quarter of FY 
'26. Let me now walk you through our Q1 FY '26 financial results. During this quarter, 
we posted operating revenue of INR 348.9 crores, up from INR 320.8 crores in Q1 FY 
'25, marking a year-on-year growth of 8.8%. 
 
Gross profit stood at INR 46.6 crores, an increase of 24% over INR 37.6 crores in Q1 
FY '25. Our gross margin stood at 13.3% in Q1 FY '26 compared to 11.7% in the same 
quarter last year. Adjusted EBITDA, excluding non-cash ESOP expenses, stood at INR 
30.5 crores, reflecting a year-on-year increase of 18.7%. This resulted in an adjusted 
EBITDA margin of 8.7% in Q1 FY '26 compared to 8% in the same quarter last year. 
Our adjusted profit before tax stood at INR 29.5 crores, growing by 19.7% with an 
adjusted PBT margin of 8.4%. 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter was INR 21.3 crores, up by 24% from the previous year 
and the PAT margin stood at 6.1% in Q1 FY '26 compared to 5.3% in the same quarter 
last year. Quarter-on-quarter basis, our revenue grew by 11.11%, while our adjusted 
EBITDA grew by 21.1%. As of June 30, 2025, our net worth stood at INR 322 crores, 
growing by 26.6% over Q1 FY '25, which was INR 254.5 crores. 
 
Now I request the moderator to open the floor for questions. 
Commentary for Q&A instructions is not included  
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Narsik from Systematix. Please go ahead. 
Narsik: 
I just want to understand as per July 1 circular you informed that banking customer has 
switch off the contract. So, you will inform the material revenue impact on the same. 
Can you please justify what will be the impact on our business? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
See, as Liberatha also mentioned in her speech that we are gauging as to what is the 
extent, we have already declared that 2 of the banks have already moved from our 
platform. And we feel there could be many more banks who are under pressure. In fact, 
we are aware of this. So, the extent of problem cannot be gauged at this point in time.  
Liberatha Kallat: 
So just to actually add on that the contracts have not been cancelled with us. The 
contracts are still ongoing with all these clients. And there are different programs 
which are still running. And apart from that, there are other new additional programs, 
which are also in pipeline in terms of closure (finalization). 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
So, I would say that it is not that we have mentioned that partially the business of these 
clients have been impacted. However, if you actually see there is still a portion of 
business, which is still continuing with this client. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
First, can you quantify the number of pax which have visited our lounges during the 
quarter? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
For the quarter, 2.58 million. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. And is there any one-off or any other income which we booked during the 
quarter because  or is it primarily because of the hikes, which we might have taken 
during the quarter? 
Shekhar Sood: 
No. So as far as other income is concerned, there is no exceptional income, which has 
been booked in the current quarter. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
No, no. I'm not talking about the other income. Anything which we might have booked 
in the revenue from operations, the core operations? Any onetime income in case? 
Shekhar Sood: 
Shreyans, there is nothing exceptional that has been booked there. It's purely normal 
business operations revenue. 
Liberatha Kallat: 
The contracts Shreyans, from April, there is the price revision, right? So those are the 
changes which you can see in the revenue. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. And secondly, I can understand the situation is still evolving. But what are we 
doing to stop the other services being moved from our platform because even that can 
be replicated by the competitor? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
So actually, if you look at it, Shreyans, right now,  I'm sure you are understanding what 
is happening, right? So, the competition was there in the past as well, but the 
competition was more in terms of, I would say, technology or commercial or 
packaging, right? But right now, the competition are not on these lines. It's more on, I 
would say, the real estate owner who is actually trying to get into this business, right? 
So I would not consider this as a competition. 
 
Now secondly, you're asking that whatever other things what we are developing, we 
would not have a competition. I would not say that there would not be a competition. 
But I would say that this type of things would not have. I would say that, yes, like in 
past, I said there were players who were coming and trying to compete. So, there would 
be players who would try here as well. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
But I would say that it would take time for them because right now, what we are 
building in is, it is more in terms of creating a complete customer value proposition. 
Unlike the dependency was only on one particular benefit which was lounge. Right 
now, what we have created is not to have a dependency on one benefit, but rather we 
are actually building packages, and that's what the creation is. 
 
Secondly, it is not focusing on travel. It is, I would say, these packages are more on 
non-airport related. There is travel included in this. There is lifestyle services in this. 
And I would say that like the real estate owners who are trying to get into this business, 
there would not be something such which will happen in what we have created now. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
And also, Shreyas, not to forget, see, the engine, the technology engine that we have, 
which Balaji has alluded to, and whatever integration that we have already done with 
the bank, that allows us to really tailor-made bespoke packages, which for any other 
operator to come and enter into this business and start delivering these kind of bespoke 
tailor-made solutions will be very, very difficult. The fungible model, the spend-based 
model will definitely be our strength, and it continues to be part of it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neerav Shah, a Retail Investor. 
Neerav Shah: 
I would like to know for this quarter 1, the revenue split or maybe percentage-wise, if 
you can provide on the lounge and the non-lounge services, sir? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So, lounge services remained at close to 93% and rest was 7%. So, there is almost 
similar what we had actually quoted in the last quarter. 
Neerav Shah: 
Got it. Now there must be apart from as ma'am has shared multiple times, there are 
ways that we are taking initiatives in other, wellness, maybe the coffee on the malls. 
Apart from that, are there any active discussions or maybe strategic initiatives to 
mitigate this volume because I'm sure from quarter 2, we might see a different number 
in that profit like percentage deviation, the business coming from the lounge access? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
See, you're right. So apart from what we have spoken about the services, yes, we are 
also in talks for the strategic partnership, I would say. Rather, I would say, in terms of 
acquisitions, right? So we have shortlisted a couple of them. And once it is at the 
closing stage, for sure, we will announce those. And these acquisitions will surely help 
in company's top line and also the P&L. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Mehta from IIFL Capital. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Pardon my ignorance here, but while I understand that you have categorized your non-
lounge services into broad categories, but if you can elaborate with few live examples 
on your non-lounge services that is both on your banking client side as well as on your 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
corporate client side, that would be helpful to understand really what you guys are 
probably building. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So, I will put it in two buckets. There are services which are already live, and you are 
aware of all the services, and we have been mentioning quarter-on-quarter, like 
whether it is railways, whether it is spa. Also, there is another category of services that 
we have developed, which  I did mention that I will talk a little later because as and 
when we bundle these and give it to the clients, which we are in discussion with, and 
you will also appreciate that these kinds of discussions take a little longer and the 
closure takes a little longer. So, you will soon hear from us. 
 
And of course, golf also, we are bullish. I did mention about even access to the social 
clubs, because it's an exclusive service. The responses that we are getting from our 
clients, both bank as well as enterprise are really promising. And you will soon hear 
from us. I am not mentioning any other service at this point in time because I have to 
close the agreements. Only then I will be able to share that. Maybe in the next quarter 
call, earnings call, I think we should be able to share those. 
Vishal Mehta: 
Okay. So, second question, would your margins here be dilutive compared to your 
lounge services at an EBITDA level, because you would obviously need more 
manpower and admin to take care of these small services, right, small and staggered 
services. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So, I'll tell you two things, fine. So one is that all the services other than the lounge 
will always come at a slightly better margin that we have mentioned it many, many 
times, so point number one. And point number two, what was your second question, 
sorry? 
Vishal Mehta: 
How will it affect the EBITDA? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Okay. In terms of the GTM model that is required to acquire services, that also, if you 
were to look at it last year, we have increased our manpower. And I think whatever 
GTM model that we have adopted the current number of people should help us in terms 
of navigate through. However, obviously, every single year, whether it is technology 
side, whether it is operations, whether it is even commercial side, as and when we think 
there are people required, we will definitely take, which is part of our regular business 
as usual and budgeting. So, nothing special, which we did last year in terms of 
increasing manpower. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Doshi from Prospero Tree PMS. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
I would like to ask the two major banks have shifted their business with the 
Dreamfolks. So why the Dreamfolks fails to retain them? What are the major causes, 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
whether it is the lounge operator offering the better deals, or are they not satisfied with 
the Dreamfolks Services? What is the exact reason why the Dreamfolks fails to retain 
them? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
See, frankly speaking, the fact that the same clients are working with us other than the 
lounge service, I think, gives you a rough idea as to whether the client is happy with 
us or not. As we speak, both the clients are also having some programs which are still 
running on our platform and continue, however small they might be. So that answers 
your question. 
 
I think there are things which cannot be told, and I will refrain from saying anything. 
But just to give you a little bit of comfort that the clients are definitely happy with what 
we are doing. It's been 13 years we are working with these clients. 
 
And the fact that they are wanting us to come out with newer and newer proposals 
shows this is a testament for what we have done in terms of technology and of course, 
the kind of services that their consumers are happy adopting or using. So, I don't want 
to say beyond this. So, to answer your question, yes there could be definitely more 
reasons. And I think we all of us are actually reading newspaper, watching televisions. 
I think the reasons are out there. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
So I understand that what you want to say, and I understand that. Sir, so whether this 
lounge operator will directly offer the same offer, which they have offered to the Axis 
Bank as well as the ICICI Bank to some other bank. 
 
And thereby, we may lose the further business because we are currently enjoying, or 
in the last presentation, it was mentioned that more than 90% or around 90% market 
share we are enjoying those who are accessing the lounge through the card. So will 
that market share come down substantially because still today, 93% revenue is coming 
from the lounge business. So, what is sustainability of our business? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
So, if you have actually heard me in the speech as well, I have clearly mentioned that, 
yes, even the other clients are under pressure, and there are chances of this migration. 
And this is one of the reasons that why we have immediately changed our focus also 
in terms of getting the other services immediately integrated with the banks. 
 
So, and we completely understand that, and I'm sure you also understand the way the 
market right now is because there are certain areas where we cannot have the control. 
One important thing what Sandeep actually mentioned to you that our client 
relationship, what we have, okay. Even though these clients who have migrated the 
lounge program, still continue to have the contracts with us. It's not that our contracts 
have been ended. Our contracts are still live. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
There are programs which are still running with these clients. And furthermore, we are 
also in discussion with them for activating the other services as well and other 
programs as well. So initially, I would say that yes, lounge was the main product, our 
focus was, I would say, not as much how we were focusing on the lounge business 
was, I would say, the percentage was lower for the other business growing. 
 
But right now, yes, the way the business dynamics have changed, I would say that our 
complete focus is to ensure that all the other services get integrated, and we launch it 
at the earliest. And let me also tell you that for the same thing, all the banks are 
supporting us because whatever is happening, even the banks or the clients are also not 
comfortable. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
And for the sustainable growth, Liberatha has already mentioned that there are a few 
acquisitions, partnerships that we are trying. And of course, our global focus will 
significantly increase from what we have done so far. So, this helps us in terms of 
giving assurance that, yes, our business model will be sustainable. Yes, there could be 
some hiccups. But I think in a long term, we stay committed to building our business. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
So, can I summarize in one sentence that the lounge operator becomes the aggregator, 
and they have become direct competitor of the Dreamfolks, and they are grabbing the 
business from the Dreamfolks by hook or crook? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
I would say that they're trying to become a competition only for the lounge business, 
but whatever the other new things what we are building up, they are not the competition 
for Dreamfolks. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Navin from ithought PMS. 
Navin: 
So, my first question is going to be related to the employee benefit expenses. I'm just 
seeing that for the last couple of quarters, it's been inching up. And the last time I asked 
about it, I was told that we are hiring to help with the business development side. So, 
I just want to understand that this incremental cost, is it mostly like value growth where 
you increase wages or are you still hiring more people aggressively? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So, I did mention that whatever hiring that was done for growing the enterprise 
business was done. Whatever hiring that we will do will be business as usual. I hope 
that answers your question. So , I mean, business as usual this year. 
Navin: 
So the next question is going to be about margins. So, correct me if I'm wrong, but I 
heard it improved slightly year-on-year from 11.7% to like around 13% this year. 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Yes. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Navin: 
So, I just want to understand like do we know what drove this increase and whether 
it's structural or will we see it go back to the 11% - 12% level? Maybe something like 
a favourable product mix or something like that? 
Balaji Srinivasan: 
Yes. See, actually, there is going to be a change of the product mix. And we are slightly 
at an early stage to make a conclusion of what or how it is going to shape up. So, I 
think at this stage, we are unable to make a comment on that. But we are happy with 
what we have delivered in Q1. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Nitin Shah: 
So, I would like to know what will be the percentage of client breakdown, like we have 
partnered with banks, credit cards, then OTAs, airlines. So which vertical contributes 
the most basically? 
Liberatha Kallat:            It’s a mix between the banks and the enterprises. 
Nitin Shah:                       Percentage revenue contribution from different verticals like banks, airlines, OTAs, the 
different customer verticals that we have. 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
Yes, I think we can answer these questions, separately one-on-one, if needed. 
Nitin Shah: 
Okay, okay.  
Sandeep Sonawane: 
But broadly, we have already spoken. Other than the lounge service, I mean the 
margins are high. And also, if you were to look at it in terms of the client, so enterprise 
client would obviously have slightly better margins than the margins that we enjoy 
with the bank as a client. 
Nitin Shah: 
Correct. Correct, sir. Okay. Got it. The next question would be what led to this margin 
uptick compared to the Q1 last year? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
So this is Business as Usual. I mean, there is always a push and pull whatever 
negotiations that we do. Basically, we get the rate escalation from the operator side or 
vendor side, and then we actually give to the client. So, it is basically that. 
Nitin Shah: 
Okay. Would we be able to maintain, or could there be an upside to this? Any thought 
on this? 
Sandeep Sonawane: 
I think Bala just answered this question that we are actually going to integrate or adopt 
more and more other services other than the lounge. And I did mention that those 
margins will be slightly better, so yes. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Nitin Shah: 
Yes, I understand the margins will be better, but the realization of the volumes are still 
pretty miniscule, say, about 6% to 7%, the non-lounge services, and would it be really 
that effective? That's the reason as of now or even for the next 1 or 2 years as well. So 
that's the reason I was asking, I mean, where would we get the traction from? That was 
what my main query actually then. 
Liberatha Kallat: 
So I would say that right now, the way the model is, right, if you actually look at the 
model and what Sandeep was trying to explain was more into per pax transaction or a 
per transaction model, right? But however, right now, as we mentioned to you that we 
are actually building a complete CVP, which is a customer value proposition. 
 
In that, the model is slightly different. It is not actually going to be a per transaction, 
but it's a membership model. It's actually a package what we are building in. So it will 
be very difficult right now to actually talk about what the realization is going to be. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus Capital. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Can you quantify the revenue share from the two banks who have terminated the 
contract? 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Shreyans, as we mentioned, they have not terminated the contract. The contract is still 
in place. And secondly, not all the programs are switched off. We are still continuing 
the program. And Sandeep has just mentioned that we will not be able to quantify that 
right now. Maybe in the next call , we will be able to actually give you these numbers. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So, I agree. I mean, not termination, that was a wrong word, but where they've 
cancelled the lounge part of the business . 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Even in the lounge part, Shreyans, there are certain bins or certain cards which are still 
on our platform, so the migration is not 100% yet. There are programs that are still 
with Dreamfolks. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
I mean to say, for example, if ICICI might have, say 8 or 10 variants. Of that, probably 
5 would have transferred or would have moved away. So those would have moved 
from -- effective from July? 
Balaji Srinivasan: 
I think, Shreyans, without getting into specifics because this is something that is part 
of a larger migration without getting into specifics of clients, I think Liberatha has 
already kind of made a summary of the whole process. But I think the larger picture, 
what Sandeep was trying to mention is that the point is we are not working with only 
lounges, there's a larger change that you will actually see in the next month or so and 
maybe you will -- of course, we will be sharing that in a larger group once it happens. 

  
 
Dreamfolks Services Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
But the structuring of the benefits is not going to be limited to lounges going forward. 
And that is the change that we are working with our clients to see how it could happen, 
and it's going to happen fairly fast. So I think let's just wait for maybe a quarter and by 
then, we should have some interesting news to share with all of you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to interest of time, that was the last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to Ms. Liberatha ma'am for closing comments. 
Liberatha Kallat: 
Thank you all for joining our earnings conference call. We hope your queries have 
been answered. For any further queries or information, please contact our Investor 
Relations team at EY. On behalf of the company, I thank you all, once again, for your 
time and participation. Do take care of yourself, and goodbye. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. On behalf of Dreamfolks Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
