 
 
 
Regd. Ofﬁce: T-151, 5th Floor, Tower No.10, Railway Station Complex, Sector-11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai- 400 614 | T: +91-22-4889 7400 | F: +91-22-4889 5177 
CMS Info Systems Limited |CIN: L45200MH2008PLC180479 | www.cms.com | E: contact@cms.com 
CMSINFO/2507/011  
 
  
 
 
 
 
     July 29, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of post result 
conference call held on Thursday, July 24, 2025 at 04.00 P.M. (IST) on Un-Audited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.cms.com  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
 
For CMS Info Systems Limited  
 
 
 
Debashis Dey 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: a/a 
 
To 
BSE Limited     
Listing Department, 
1st Floor, PJ Towers, Dalal Street,      
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001    
 
Scrip Code: 543441 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,    
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Symbol:  CMSINFO 
DEBAS
HIS DEY
Digitally signed 
by DEBASHIS DEY 
Date: 2025.07.29 
18:20:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
“CMS Info Systems Limited 
Q1 FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 24, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV KAUL – EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN, 
 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – CMS INFO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. PANKAJ KHANDELWAL – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – CMS INFO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUSH RAGHAVAN – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
BUSINESS OFFICER – CMS INFO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. PUNEET BHIRANI – PRESIDENT OPERATIONS – 
CMS INFO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AVINASH SINGH – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCE 
LIMITED  
 
 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the CMS Info Systems Limited Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Emkay Global Finance Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on their touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Avinash Singh from Emkay Global Finance Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Avinash Singh: 
Thank you Shruti, Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Emkay Global, I welcome the 
management and thank them for this opportunity. We have with us today Rajiv Kaul, Executive 
Vice Chairman, CEO, and Whole-Time Director, Pankaj Khandelwal, President and Chief 
Financial Officer. Anush Raghavan, President and Chief Business Officer, and Puneet Bhirani, 
President Operations, I shall now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks 
over to you. 
Rajiv Kaul: 
Good afternoon, everyone, Thank you for joining our Q1 FY26 analyst call. In a seasonally weak 
quarter marked by geopolitical issues and muted consumption. We delivered a consolidated 
revenue of INR627 crores, up 5% year-on-year, and a PAT of INR93.6 crores, which is a 3% 
growth. The above mentioned issues resulted in a 10% dip in India ATM transactions at an 
aggregate level and also impacted the variable billing in our retail cash management business.  
 
Our best estimate is that the revenue impact of these would have been to the tune of INR8 crores 
to INR10 crores in Q1. Additionally, wage increases and long-term union agreements increase 
our Q1 costs, and as you can see from earlier year trends, this gets evened out over the year 
through productivity gains and through pricing. In the last five months, our field operating teams 
have had to work exceptionally hard to help large banks with handling their ATM channel 
availability issues at an industry level, which we mentioned too in the last call. 
 
While we have seen some other services firms delayed their wage hikes, we haven't done so. To 
be fair to our team members for their effort and hard work. Keeping our teams motivated and 
engaged in a business which relies on trust each day is very important. On a positive note, we 
expanded our cash logistics footprint to 153,000 business touch points, which is a 9% year-on-
year increase. 
 
We also secured new order wins worth INR500 crores in the quarter, which also includes a 
landmark multi-year multi-vendor software contract with the leading bank. We are pleased to 
announce a binding agreement to acquire Securens Systems Private Limited, a pioneer in the 
AIOT remote monitoring space with a strong reputation built over years of investment in tech 
capabilities. 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
We have known the company for several years and have high regard for what the team has built. 
We won this deal against other strategic bidders and an enterprise value of approximately INR80 
crores, and this type of deal is a win-win and align perfectly with our M&A philosophy valued 
at approximately 10X  FY 2025 adjusted EBITDA and estimated 4X on a post synergy basis, 
this will help us scale our vision AI business, expand our client base, and enhance our tech stack 
for intelligence surveillance and productive analytics across BFSI and retail. 
 
I hope some of you have had the chance to look at our revamped brand positioning launched 
earlier this week. Basis extensive research, we decided to retain the CMS name but change our 
brand positioning from connecting commerce to a brand promise of unified platform limitless 
possibilities. 
 
We feel this is bold, forward-looking, and reinforces our platform approach to building a unified 
business. This shift also underscores a vital role we play for our customers today, as well as a 
significant platform. Potential of our platform going forward. Examples of which are enumerated 
very well on our new website www.cms.com. 
 
I really urge you to go and have a look at our new website before I hand over to Pankaj for the 
financial details, our metrics, while our metrics may not reflect all the underlying effort going 
into running and strengthening our robust platform. However, I'm very proud of the incredible 
hard work which our teams are bringing to bear to work every day. Pankaj. 
Pankaj Khandelwal: 
Thank you, Rajiv. Let me walk you through the financial details for Q1. Our consultant revenue 
grew to INR627 crores, a 5% increase year-on-year, while our PAT reached to INR93.6 crores, 
up 3% on year-on-year basis. In addition to wage hikes which typically results in softer Q1, this 
quarter was further impacted by specific sectors, which Rajiv talked about earlier.  
Both cash logistics and managed services reported 8% year-on-year growth, scaling to INR417 
crores and INR258 crores, respectively. The total EBITDA grew by 3% year-on-year to INR159 
crores while EBIT remained flat at INR113 crores, because of timing difference between the 
investment and corresponding revenue accruals.  
Our balance sheet remains robust and we will continue to disciplined approach of capital 
allocation to support both our organic growth and strategic acquisitions like Securens. Our 
current capex guidance for the year stands as INR250 crores to INR300 crores versus the initial 
guidance of INR300 crores to INR325 crores.  
Let me now hand over to Anush to share key business highlights. 
Anush Raghavan: 
Thanks, Pankaj. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me share with you a more detailed view of the 
underlying market trends to the best of our knowledge. As expected, the ATM install base has 
been quite impacted due to AGS-related ATM shutdowns across banks. We did mention it to 
you last quarter that it would take a while for the dust to settle, and the situation right now still 
remains quite fluid.  

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
These contracts are complex, with multiple asset ownership issues, unpaid vendor dues, which 
are all unresolved. Most of the banks are taking time to clean up this old legacy network, 
preferring to shut down the ATMs and later roll out new RFPs for replacement or expansion. 
Out of the almost 20,000 brown label ATMs of AGS, almost 50% of them have been shut down 
as we speak. The AGS issue has affected liquidity and credit availability in the sector. This has 
caused an adverse impact on certain small and mid-sized MSPs who are taking time to raise 
capital for fresh ATM deployments, even for those orders that they had won last year.  
Further, the slowdown in consumption is weighing on ATM transactions. BLA deployers are 
preferring to wait for economic growth to pick up. Case in point, across key public sector banks, 
out of 24,000 ATMs awarded over the last year, only 6,000 have been deployed so far. This 
causes a downstream and consequential delay and impact on our ATM cash revenues. 
The Chairman and Managing Director of SBI has been quoted in the media recently affirming 
that the dip in the SBI ATM base is transitory in nature and expected to recover by H2. In a large 
public sector bank cash outsourcing RFP for 10,000 ATMs in March, CMS ended up being the 
only qualified bidder, and we were hopeful for this to go live in Q1 itself. The bank has 
unfortunately decided, however, to cancel the RFP, refloat it to get more bidders. We hope for 
this to close in Q2 and go live in H2. 
While these industry trends are challenging in the immediate term, we do believe that it will lead 
to an accelerating consolidation MSP segment which over the medium term should prove 
positive for pricing and fixed priced BLA opportunities. Our ATM cash market share has 
increased to 58% to 60%, reflecting our stability amidst the volatility and churn that we 
witnessed. 
As you are aware, our approach changed last year itself in pivoting away from transaction price 
BLA contracts, and since then I've focused on mostly fixed price contracts. In good news, our 
INR500 crores of order win spans fixed price BLA, Algo software, and card payments and has 
no transaction linked BLA revenues. 
We have significantly scaled up our relationship with ICICI Bank over the last 12 months, and 
they are now our second largest customer. In Algo MVS software, we have secured a landmark 
deal, meaning that now two of the top four Indian banks will be using our software across 85,000 
plus ATMs. This is a strong endorsement of our platform capabilities.  
With that, let me now hand over to Rajiv for the closing remarks. 
Rajiv Kaul: 
To summarize Anush's commentary, I think I want to reiterate that we will focus as a team on 
doing the right things from a long-term perspective. We aren't chasing growth at any cost. We 
are very careful and we are walking away from low margin RFPs. We retain our pricing 
discipline and we prioritize contracts which will give us predictability and scale.  
At the same time, we continue to compete vigorously against lower margin players to gain 
market share across most of our businesses. This quarter itself was about disciplined execution 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
amid a software environment. We delivered stable financials, signed a strategic acquisition, and 
continued to make the long-term investments in our brand, people, and automation.  
In our last call, we had highlighted our strong FCF and our balance sheet strength of over 
INR1,000 crores. This is a phenomenal strength. Over the past few years, many of you have 
regularly asked about our M&A plans and have been patiently waiting to hear more on this front. 
Our growth and M&A strategy has been consistently focused on building and scaling cash flow 
generative businesses.  
We have a culture of investing in technology to drive operating leverage at a higher scale and 
thereby creating a virtuous flywheel. Over the last decade, for those of you who are new to CMS, 
I want to remind you that CMS has a track record of having done 8 programmatic M&A deals 
at all types of sizes and all of them successful.  
The last acquisition we did was in 2021 before our IPO. In the last couple of years, it has been 
challenging to transact given a fairly frothy IPO market. In the last year itself, we have come 
close to signing some mid-size deals but had to walk away either due to cultural misalignment 
or to deal valuation issues.  
A case in point, we almost entered the bullion logistics sector through an M&A opportunity but 
chose to walk away as the promoters wanted a JV for perpetuity while we would be running the 
business. This did not make sense for us. There are other companies we are looking at closely, 
and we will update you as and when there is anything to report.  
The sectors of interest are mentioned in our investor deck. I do want to reiterate that a tough 
macro presents a very good opportunity for deal making. And while we have been patiently 
waiting for these times, even though IPO markets can continue to surprise us.  
In closing, we are making solid all-round progress in executing what we can control, gaining 
market share, driving alignment and accountability across our various operating teams. We have 
done an extensive reorg, which we mentioned last time. Our leadership team is fairly simplified.  
We have Anush Raghavan, who has helped build our cash logistics business to its market share-
dominant position today, who is now the Chief Business Officer for the entire business across 
all our businesses. Puneet Bhirani, who joined CMS 16 months ago from Byju's, OLA and earlier 
Mphasis has taken on the entire operational gamut of responsibilities as Chief Operations 
Officer. This will help us phenomenally in customer centricity, alignment, and accountability, 
along with agility to compete in a fairly aggressive marketplace. 
With that, I'd like to end our commentary and move forward to Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Hitesh Arora from Abakkus Asset Manager. 
Hitesh Arora: 
I just had a query on the margins for both the businesses, the cash and the managed services 
businesses -- the EBIT margins. So, the margins have fallen quite sharply from -- I'm just reading 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
the numbers for the cash business from 25.5% to 23.9%. So that's roughly 160 bps down. And 
even in the managed services, it's down from 17% last quarter to 14.1%. So, it's almost -- it's 
290 bps down, a significant reduction. And despite the share of the trading revenue actually 
would have fallen over the last 1 year. So just a bit surprised with the steep reduction in the 
margin. Could you kindly comment? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
Sure. So, Hitesh, I mean, I'll have Pankaj give you a little more detail. But I think we, in the last 
call, said we would like you to start thinking about the company on an overall composite level 
because CMS managed services business has become now the second largest customer for CMS 
ATM cash management. 
 
So, a lot of the revenue and cost attributing it clearly, I mean, to each business unit gets very 
difficult. We continue to report the numbers, but I think look at it overall. Q1 has been softer in 
the cash business, specifically if you think of the wage hike impact in Q1 will have a dip in 
margins. 
We also continue even today to support a large public sector bank in delivering ATM cash 
services at a marginal cost because they needed help in transition from our earlier vendor while 
they will decide on an RFP and who will win this contract later. In terms of the managed service 
business at a high level, there is straightaway an operating margin impact from the dip in 
transactions.  
I think at the aggregate level in India, the ATM transactions for ATM in this Q1 have dipped 
from 12 to 14 transactions. That goes straight unfortunately do not -- all the revenue goes straight 
away from the bottom line. So I think your question is all fair and valid. I think we'll have to 
wait for the year to progress to start seeing changes and improvement in the margin profile as 
the contracts will move up.  
In fact, in MS from my memory, we also had a large contract where the investments have gone 
in right and the revenue accrual will start in the later part of the capex investments have been 
made. Therefore that impacts a bit, but the revenue accrual will start later in the year.  
Pankaj Khandelwal: 
You see that EBITDA for MS INR60 crores which has gone to INR64 crores in this quarter 
whereas the EBITDA has dipped from INR36 crores to INR33 crores. So there is a delta of 
around 17% and that is largely because of the project execution. The ramp up will take time. 
However the depreciation and other cost is already hitting us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balaji from IIFL. Please go ahead, sir. 
Balaji: 
Thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the status of the 7,000 odd ATMs owned 
by banks for which AGS was doing pure managed services. So have the banks actually bid those 
out and if so, have you seen any wins from entire portion of the price? That is my first question.  
The second question is on, this acquisition that you have done of Securens. So in your opening 
remarks, you did mention that this deal happened at 10 times EV EBITDA FY '25 and on a post-

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
synergy basis, it will be about 4x. So, can you just elaborate a bit on the synergies, from where 
the synergies will come and a bit more color on how you come to these numbers? 
Anush Raghavan: 
Balaji. Hi, Anush here. l will just take the first part of the question. As far as the non-BLA ATMs 
were concerned, I think as we had updated in our earlier calls as well, we've been extending help 
along with the broader industry in helping banks with the transition. So, we've been able to get 
our market share, if not slightly more than that in terms of success in some of these contracts.  
In fact, when we speak about ICICI Bank and a few other private sector banks where we were 
not present, this has allowed us an opportunity and entry strategy into those, balancing against 
what was earlier a slightly more PSU bank-based portfolio.  
Rajiv Kaul: 
So Balaji, I think I'll give you a high-level answer at this stage, I think it will not be right for me 
to share intricate details of how the synergy will come out. But at a high level, the productivity 
and scale. When you take the two entities together, we will have a business operating at roughly 
about 45,000 sites live on whenever the transaction concludes.  
As that productivity will change and improve, we will save significantly on any common 
overhead infrastructure cost. And even in terms of just kind of management, IT infrastructure, 
there are many costs which we can. So we have a standalone company running roughly an INR80 
crores business, which will merge into INR2,500 crores company running a larger business 
overall.  
I think there are lots of costs which can -- which are not essential when we move forward. So, I 
think that's the high level when we think about it. And also, what I wanted to mention is this was 
a fairly competitive bid process. For us, it was about creating a deal which sort of respects the 
brand, helps the team move forward and creates a win-win for customers also. And importantly, 
I think from a book value perspective, I think this will be a transaction which will be close to 
book value. 
Balaji: 
Got It. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Krushi Parekh from BugleRock PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Yes, so the first question is on the margins front that, so understand that salary is something that 
we have jacked up now, but moving forward in over a period of time, what are the levers that 
we have to ensure that the margins regaining what it was? 
Anush Raghavan: 
Krushi. Hi, Anush, here. So I think if you look at our historical performance over the years, you 
will notice that there is a certain cyclicality to our quarterly earnings. There is always Q1 is 
always a little bit of a step change on account of creating provisions and also paying out what is 
a fairly large base of people whom we work with, some of them unionized, many of them not. 
Those agreements are done through the year, but the provisions get created at the beginning of 
the year. And then we have the rest of the year to as growth comes in, it helps to drive operating 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
leverage and productivity. It also sort of creating these provisions at the beginning of the year 
also gives us a healthy way of trying to figure out what are the right ways to approach pricing 
with our customers.  
So generally we will tend to see that Q1 starts off a little weak and through the year we sort of 
normalize closer to our margin overall margin profiles. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Okay and my second question is, so we are witnessing this dip in the ATM transaction, so in 
your view and how you read the industry, is it purely because of slowdown in the overall 
consumption and the economy or there are some other factors also at play? 
Anush Raghavan: 
No, I think the way we see it and we've been studying this macro for a long time, publishing our 
reports about it. I think this is, again, a little bit transitory in nature. Generally, what we are 
seeing right now is not unusual in the context of longer-term annual cycles. For various reasons, 
Q4 is usually a period of high spends in the economy, followed by Q1 which is usually a dip.  
As for certain economies we've spoken to offline in the past, many of them allude this to also 
semi-urban rural India going through its own particular agri seasons of harvest and everything. 
I think right now, I would just allude this to a combination of two things, which is the cyclical 
nature of the Indian economy, a little bit more so now, especially with broader consumption 
being more muted and tepid. 
Krushi Parekh: 
Okay. Thank you. I will join back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prithvish Uppal from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Prithvish Uppal: 
Thanks for taking my question. So I'm sorry if I, if this is repetitive and you may have covered 
in your opening remarks, so just wanted to understand the order life cycle. So right from when 
you win the order to when that flows through to the revenue. So if you could just possibly help 
us understand the timeline for that and how much is the execution ramp up that has happened 
here.  
My second question is that, you highlighted that Q1 is usually a seasonally weak quarter, but if 
I look back last couple of years Though, at least, the revenue growth has been about 12% to 13% 
plus, so how do we read that in context to the Q1 of this year and this lastly is on the acquisition.  
So, what is that -- what is the strategy going forward in terms of how we plan to work over here, 
is it more from a client diversification, perspective or just to understand the rationale behind, 
why you went with these guys in particular, thanks? 
Anush Raghavan: 
Let me take the first two questions, Prithvish. So, I think as soon as the order book and its 
translation revenue is concerned, we may have spoken about this in the past as well, but just to 
rephrase it to everybody who's new to us and on this call today. Our order book by definition we 
only limited to the non-cash business portions of the revenue, simply because these are contracts 
which are either multi-year, recurring or annuity in nature.  

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
This could be brown label ATM contracts, remote monitoring, for instance, or fixed price BLA 
as well. Generally when it comes to executing a BLA type contract, the timelines would be 
anywhere from 6 to 12 months. The one of the key dependencies is really being able to get the 
hardware and the overall solution tested and approved by various agencies. These could be 
NPCI, Visa, Master, mostly from a payment systems angle. And subsequently there is the whole 
aspect of getting the site readiness and rollout happening. So roughly about 6 to 12 months on 
brown Label ATM. 
 
Remote monitoring is extremely dependent on the nature of the solution and the scale of the 
implementation. Last year we won this, what we told you a fairly complex deal with a large 
public sector bank to set up an on-prem command center and roll out branch monitoring for 
thousands of their branches. 
 
So things like that end up having a much longer gestation period simply because developing the 
use case of these AI models and getting those approved to a certain satisfaction level of the 
customer has a certain, just incubation time. But broadly I think for the purpose of averaging it 
out, I think 6 to 12 months is what we would think of internally. 
Rajiv Kaul: 
But think of the software contract we have with ICICI, this could take 6 to 12 months, but some 
of these are not under control because when you're building software solutions, integration with 
bank systems approval process could have sometimes delay which are very difficult to fathom 
when you start the project and therefore forecasting accurately is not very is not very easy. Given 
the nature of our contracts it become far more complex and into an integrating multiple things 
in the contract, not just one piece. So there are the first 2. You on the second one? 
Anush Raghavan: 
I think with respect to your question on the first quarter, looking at the previous trend lines, I 
think look at you look at it both Y-o-Y as well as sequential from a sequential perspective, when 
I look at FY '24 FY '25, and FY '26. They're all sort of fairly in a narrow range of '24 was 2%. 
FY '25 was in fact a slight decline of 4%, and '26 was 1%. 
 
What you're alluding to as a Y-o-Y metric for last year, I think would have been more because 
FY '25 would have had a larger product component share, but I think this gives you a broader 
sense of how to think of it from a service revenue perspective. And I think last question… 
Rajiv Kaul: 
So I think for any acquisition, right, you're trying to do this for a few things from our angle and 
maybe you're newer to our calls. I think our approach is always to think about looking at majority 
control or full control of company in a sector which we already understand very well with. 
 
Securens particularly was relevant to us simply because it's one of the key players, it's among 
the top five players in the space. It's one of the first ones to have set up operations. They've built 
a very good technical capabilities while we have our own, but it sort of helps having a client 
entry. 
 
It also is from, bluntly from a block and tackle perspective. If the sector which we want to 
dominate as we go forward, right? We were roughly at 25,000 to 30,000 sites we have a midterm 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
goal to 100,000 sites. We don't want a good quality player to be bought by somebody else who 
starts competing with you and you know destroying the market and whatnot. 
 
So as and when you get an opportunity to consolidate add the value which makes sense, and the 
payback period is in our norms, the ROCE on the deal makes sense, we will go ahead and 
execute. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divyansh Gupta from Latent PMS. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
So first question was on the camera. So in the last quarter or sometime that whole Chinese 
camera not being allowed or government expressing concern, does it affect us any which way, 
us plus Securens? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
I'll let Puneet, who runs the entire operation, handle that. 
Puneet Bhirani: 
So of course, this change has caused some stress in the system, but all of us are working with 
our customers. There are certain cameras that have been STQC approved. So, we are working 
with all the customers to either get the realignment done and continue the deployment or get 
some interim relief to manage the situation and then change the cameras as the STQC approval 
comes. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
So, does it also affect any fresh new orders even, which might get delayed because of all of this 
or how should we read going forward? 
Puneet Bhirani: 
The industry understands this. Customers are aware of the challenge. And now more and more 
cameras are getting certified, and it's a transitory phase, which will get over very soon. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. Understood. And the second question, a 2-part question on the Securens transaction. First 
was from a customer sector perspective, right? My understanding is our Hawkeye was mostly 
BFSI with, let's say, that Q order that we won with some other segments. But Securens, is there 
a sectoral overlap or it's a very complementary sector to us? And the second part of the question 
is that any reason why they were selling at book value or let's say, what was their incentive to 
exit from the business? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
So I think we should maybe ignore my comments on book value for right now, just look at the 
logic for CMS. If you're a CMS investor, we should focus on CMS and not Securens so much. I 
think there is an overlap, of course, on BFSI. The BFSI is a large space where there are 4 to 5 
players competing fairly aggressively and working there. 
 
They also, given their history in the industry and a long track record, have been able to penetrate 
a broader set of clients, including retail, which are of interest to us. They have solution sets, they 
have teams. And we are hoping with the CMS wherewithal, we should be able to invest and 
grow that faster. 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
 
On the CMS side, we already did mention to you or other investors in the last call that we were 
able to expand with our capabilities into newer sectors that includes quick commerce and EV 
infrastructure charging sectors. 
 
So, I think overall, we are looking at -- there is a reasonable amount of complementarity. Yes, 
there is also some overlap. I think that's where some of the synergies come in. But each client 
deal is very specific, right? Each client is looking for always whenever there is software, there 
is always a little bit more tailoring and tailored solution to a particular client. 
 
And doing pilots, proof of concepts and winning clients and replacing earlier installed base of a 
competitor can be quite an onerous task over time. In terms of, I think a deal -- I just think that 
overall, one has to take a call on what's the best way for a company to continue growing and 
competing. 
 
And I think for some of the medium-sized players, we think they will, over time, have to merge 
or sell into some of the larger ones. Our job is to make sure that we can keep growing much 
faster than the rest of them. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. I have a couple of more questions, should I continue or join back the queue? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
Divyansh, we will finish it now. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Sure. So, the SBI tender, while it's great to know that we were the only guys which were qualified 
and for maybe public sector reasons, they rejected and they are redoing the process. The question 
that is there is that AGS went away, but there are other players, other bigger players that are also 
there, right? 
 
So how will the process now work? I'm assuming they will relax some conditions, more 
qualification comes in. Is that the -- how we should think and therefore, commercials might also 
get affected because they are reducing the, let's say, specifications? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
I don't think we of all people can comment on a process run by a large bank in the country. I 
think we'll wait for the process to pan out and see how it goes. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. And the last question is that in our previous calls, we always said that our first priority is 
growth, margins come second. But at least in the last year, at least, we have been struggling 
because of things which might be under our control or might not be under our control. Are there 
any green shoots that you are seeing that which gives you confidence that, let's say, a quarter or 
2 down the line, things should happen or anything that you can share from your closer view on 
the business? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
So, the comments I remember, which I have made historically, and I hope that's what you've 
heard is that between growth, margin profile and market share, we would, as a management 
team, love to get 2 out of 3 right every quarter. We would prioritize -- if there is growth, we will 
focus on first on growth while we maintain market share, and then margins, we don't mind if 
they go up or down a little bit. 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
 
I think the last quarter, we did a fairly good job on both market share and margin profile. I would 
say this quarter, I think only market share is where we would tick the box and not on growth on 
margin profile. But I mean, I know we are all in the QS/QT zone in life, but I think from an 
annual perspective, we hope to be able to bridge and balance this out by the end of the year. 
Green shoots, I have now just become wary of, thinking hopefully about green shoots. Last year 
we thought about festive season. I think what is in our control is the order. And trying to execute 
them sooner as soon as we can. I think that's what we are just focusing on. The rest, of course, 
we'll compete. 
We block and tackle opportunities. We look at M&A, but we have a fairly significant order book 
and if you ask us, are we feeling positive and optimistic, yes, in the next couple of quarters, yes, 
we are simply because we have the orders, we just have to get them up and running. 
And while there will be new orders or new bids come up for winning or losing whatever we'll 
see. But I think we have a healthy pipeline to go focus on executing to regenerate the growth 
aspiration which is set in our services business of 13% to 14% for the next couple of years. That's 
what we are we are focusing on targeting right now. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. I'll join back the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Kumar from Acuitas Capital Advisor. 
Please go ahead. 
Praveen Kumar: 
Yes. Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions. The first one was on, the 
consumption slowdown which I've been referring to quite a few quarters now. So just wanted to 
understand how do you see in terms of your medium term growth target of, let's say 14% or 
thereabouts that you want to grow. At what point do you think this consumption slow down 
persisting starts affecting your aim to grow at net growth rate? 
 
And what kind of, tactical or strategic action do you see yourself taking to overcome that, right? 
That's the first question. Second question was on the card services part of the business, which is 
the smaller part, but I noticed that Q1 on a Y-o-Y basis it declined by 23%, the top line. So I just 
wanted to understand any specific reasons for that. Yes, thanks. 
Rajiv Kaul: 
I mean, great questions. Let me take the first one. I will refer to again consistently we talked 
about that as a company our future and growth is linked to three broader terms in India, 
consumption growth, formalization for GST and whatnot, especially in the retail sector and 
outsourcing trends in banks. 
Now I think we've had a macro situation FY '22, '23, '24 where almost all three played out very 
well, maybe it was post-COVID, post whatever, but it played out very well, including a positive 
regulatory environment which I think help us drive very solid growth of almost 20% revenue 
each year and 30% PAT each year. 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
The slowdown impact also linked to some outsourcing changes in the last year, I think has clearly 
affected our growth in FY '25 itself and right now in FY '26 Q1 as you see. So I think we are 
right now at the receiving end of these factors not playing out. In fact, even in formalization, 
now this is maybe too early, but when we look at our retail sector, we have gained a good share. 
We are a market leader there. We continue to gain a lot of new stores for our retail cash business, 
but we are at the same time seeing a massive churn in store shutdowns. 
Now I suspect, and I'm not a retail sector expert, I suspect this would be that post-COVID there 
was a lot of growth amongst organized retail and physical store locations across, organized retail 
and NBFCs and whatnot. And then there is churn. When there is some slowdown, people start 
churning the bottom 5%, bottom 10% of stores. So while we continue to have new store editions, 
we also continue to see a fairly aggressive churn in the number of stores which are maybe sort 
of shutting down. 
Now each time this happens, there is a ramp up ramp down cost, right, when you have to change 
your routes, you have to involve new routes, you have to move resources. So I think we are, I 
would say the last 5 quarters there have been maybe 3 or 4 months where we think positive 
macro environment, maybe around festive season, a little bit in February and March, April, May, 
June has been quite tepid. I would point you to our India consumption report which we print 
annually. I think the last one was done in May. It'll give you some sectoral trends. 
So I don't want to take 3 months and be able to tell you. I can't tell you what the next 3 months 
will be like and when this will pick up. We hear, like you would on different commentary that 
rural is starting to pick up and urban is about to pick up, so we'll keep our fingers crossed and 
wait for it. And I'm sorry on your second question, I missed the question, but if somebody else 
heard my team, they will answer. 
Pankaj Khandelwal: 
For the card business, there is a slight dip in this quarter. There were the 2 banks who had delayed 
the re-carding by one quarter and that is resulted slight dip in the revenue. 
Praveen Kumar: 
So this is a delay, not a loss of? 
Pankaj Khandelwal: 
No, no. There's no loss of contract. The contract remains same. There is a deferment by the two 
banks for the re-carding 
Rajiv Kaul: 
Yes. The projects have got postponed or whatever, but I think in the INR500 crores of order 
wins, we've got a good card order win as part of that itself. 
Praveen Kumar: 
Understood. Rajiv, just to follow up on your response to the earlier question. So from an outside 
perspective, how should we look at, I mean, how should we correlate consumption growth as 
seen by, let's say results of other, consumer focusing companies, etcetera. How should we index 
that to the growth rate you can grow it? I mean, can you give us some color on that? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
I'm unfortunately not a public market investor, so I don't know how others are doing. But, what 
I would say is, the -- so let's drill down, right? Let's take our retail sector. Our retail sector is a 
sort of a misnomer. It doesn't only do retail. It does organized retail, it does e-commerce, it does 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
NBFCs, it does hospitals, and the schools. So I think some of those are it also a public sector, 
right? It could do railways, cash pickups and whatnot and processing. So some of it is steady, 
but some of it is variable, right, especially discretionary income or discretionary spend is 
variable. 
So I think we see we an impact there because 80% to 85% of the revenue is on a fixed basis, like 
we need to turn up and whether we collect INR50,000 or INR5 lakh we still get paid an X 
amount. But there is an amount linked to variable -- sorry, there's an amount of variable linked 
to the amount of currency being picked up and processed. So that does get affected and therefore 
has both an operating leverage or a de leverage in moments when there is variability. 
So I think we've seen very steady businesses and we've seen market share growth. I feel that our 
market share and competitiveness, we are at the forefront. We would think that with 
formalization and GDP growth, we would like to target growing at double digits in these 
businesses. I think we've alluded to 10% to 12%. And then whether sometimes you get market 
share gain or you get operating leverage leading to an EPS growth, which is better, that's where 
we come up to, trying to grow the 12% to 14% or 13% to 14% range. 
Now that's only retail. I picked that one example. If you take RMS, that's growing obviously 
faster. It's a smaller business. We are having good traction in the last 2 or 3 years with our 
capabilities and our scale and also our competitive positioning out there. So we aim to grow that 
business at a much larger pace. But is dependent on outsourcing again, right? There are 100,000 
ATMs and let's say branches which are not yet outsourced for AI-based surveillance. We are 
dependent on the bank coming up with a tender, and bidding and winning and executing those. 
Meanwhile, we try to push the growth by looking at other sectors. Now hypothetically we could 
also look at growth outside the country, but I just think that would be too much of a distraction 
for us, and we currently focus only in India. The largest business which is ATM cash, I think 
Anush has alluded to fairly in detail about some of the impact. 
Now I know a lot of people sort of, in last call itself and post last call felt that given one industry 
player going out of action, it should automatically result in a big bump up, and we have always 
said this will take time to play out. We have never seen this situation at that scale before. We've 
seen smaller players go out and we said we'll be careful in waiting to see how this pans out. 
Having said that, a couple of large banks, one large bank has already moved locks of barrel that 
intend to move to CMS. One midsize public sector bank has already done the same. Another 
public sector has floated an RFP, which we have one. A large PSU bank contract we already 
talked to you about has gone in for a refresh or a rebate or whatever it is. So these things will 
take some time to pan out. 
We can only share with you as these situations get more clearer, but I just think that if you look 
at the ATM cash business or market share, which used to be 50% historically moved to 53% 
54%. Currently, I'm scared to even admit the number, but temporarily it looks to be the 58% to 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
60% number. Now will that be 58% or become 55%? I don’t know. But it just tells you about 
the strength of the platform in the current market situation. 
Praveen Kumar: 
Understood, Thank you for the very detailed response. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow up question is from the line of Krushi Parekh from BugleRock PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Krushi Parekh: 
So it currently appears that at least on the, BFSI side, we may have some kind of a slowdown at 
least for the next six to nine months or maybe even a year. But how is the traction for us on the 
retail side, that we have, especially now, I mean for some time we've had an independent sales 
team as well to tap into those markets? 
Anush Raghavan: 
Krushi. Hi, Anush here. I just on the first part of what you mentioned, I don't think I wouldn't 
take the interpretation as six to nine months. I think we're seeing this, but having said that as 
Rajiv said consumption is one part of it, but more importantly so is the bank outsourcing and the 
order book execution and I think what we see in terms of the pipeline and our ability to both in 
terms of what the pipelines are upcoming are plus what we already want which needs to be 
executed. 
I think we feel we don't think it should be as long drawn out as that. On the retail side, I know 
we didn't cover it in as much detail the same as we do. Maybe we'll take the H1 to give you a lot 
more color, we continue to keep expanding on new customer wins and brands. Currently we are 
more than 100 plus brands with whom we are working directly.  
I think it's a very solid value proposition and platform that we have going. When we today 
actually look at a lot of opportunities from the inorganic space on the payment side. It's very 
heartening to me at least to see what we've developed as a direct to retail offering. Actually very 
closely parallels what that sort of business looks like.  
You work directly with brands, you help them in creating an integrated auto, tech-based 
approach. You create a lot of automation to help resolve issues around treasury reconciliation. 
The kind of stickiness and the kind of long term contracts and revenues you get there are 
phenomenal.  
I think our ability to what we've been doing in terms of widening the set of customers that we 
work with, which used to be just organized retail earlier. Today we work with schools, broader 
educational institutions. We work with large hospital chains, a lot of NBFCs and microfinance. 
So I think the quality and the complexity of what we have is going as an industry specific 
solution that is quite amazing.  
We will talk more about it. We are witnessing an increased churn at the moment. So gross growth 
rates continue to hold fairly steady to what we were doing earlier. I think once the churn settles 
down, you will see that slow down to our performance. 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Rajiv Kaul: 
Also, I want to sort of -- we have seven business lines. Roughly it's not INR100 crores, the 
smallest is close to INR100 crores revenue and the largest is close to maybe INR1,000 crores 
revenue or INR900-950 crores. So we have a diversification which means that even though some 
of those are interlinked, but it also gives us when one of the businesses is suffering either a macro 
or industry level issue. 
We are able to have delivered on pivoting very quickly to other businesses to focus on and I 
think that gives us a little bit more resilience. We're not 00 it's not a one trick pony if that gets 
affected, then you're affected. But when there are problems in a particular subsector, we have to 
understand it's a combination of things could be a client specific issue, could be industry specific 
issue.  
I do think that the MSP industry, which is widely fragmented is already consolidating and will 
consolidate more given what happened three or four months ago. Now, will that cause more 
pain? Possibly. Is that good for the sector and therefore for a large player like us? Absolutely. 
Krushi Parekh: 
All right. Appreciate that. So one thing on this securens system what I see, at least, from the 
information that is available in the public domain about the company, the company had made 
losses in the last two years. I mean '23, '24. I don't know, we don't have the information of '25, 
but what is your -- if you can give some sense, is it more related to the cost or it's more related 
to the pricing of the services that they were offering and how do we intend to correct the same 
over whatever one to two years period? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
Well, I think we obviously studied the company very well over the years. We also have done 
fairly detailed diligence. I think they have deployed a fair amount of capex to capital for both 
the technical capabilities, which gets apportioned over time and for specific client projects at a 
EBITDA level they have a positive P&L.  
We think that with our business and merging whenever we are able to conclude this successfully, 
I think merging this will result in overall metrics which are substantially better for the combined 
unit and even, let's say, if we were continuing to run them on a standalone basis.  
So I don't know. I mean, I understand there will be depreciation, there will be capital earlier and 
there'll be a cost of capital which will impact at a PAT level, but EBITDA level they've always 
been positive. 
Krushi Parekh: 
All right. Thank you. 
Rajiv Kaul: 
Also, I just want to mention that standalone companies in any sector would generally, I'm not 
referring to secure, so don't take these comments out of context. Many small companies, sub 
INR100 crores companies, suffered a lot during COVID because revenue just dried up because 
sites shut down, could be a retail company, could be RMS company, it could be anything.  
And therefore many of those companies have therefore taken a year or two after that to just get 
back onto a level playing field in life. And, therefore, once you go through those, you do lose 
capital, you do lose some customers you lose. It does impact the quality of the platform to many 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
levels and therefore may be variability and what losses you may see in a particular year which 
could be accruing for some of the investments made earlier and the revenue not flowing through. 
Krushi Parekh: 
All right. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Dhole from True Beacon Investment 
Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Yes, hi thanks for taking my question. So my questions are with respect to the changing industry 
structure basically. Firstly, do you think there is an opportunity to get certain specific assets from 
this beleaguered company? 
 
It could be in terms of client contracts, client wins, this could be hard assets like collection ramps. 
And the second is how quickly do you see this particular event impacting your pricing power 
and how quickly will it start impacting your margins, the EBIT margin specifics to? 
Anush Raghavan: 
So I think on the first part, of course, with respect to what assets are available, several people 
other people in the industry have evaluated it. The challenge being as you could guess for 
companies which have had capital issues and liquidity issues and drawn down all sorts of 
available debt. 
So removing the tangled web of who which debtor has what rights over what assets, what's a 
truly freehold versus what is leased out has been incredibly complex. So for that reason, I think 
banks decided that the easiest way for them to deal with the issues right now is not to bring in 
another partner to continue running things because they themselves ensure just to give you an 
example, there is somebody who owns the ATM in that particular site which could be leased out 
to someone.  
There would be somebody else who owns the ACs and the VSATs and so on. So for banks it 
was much easier to just work with companies like us, help in sort of getting the risk management 
sorted out in terms of cash in those ATMs and then shut down those sites while they figure out 
all of these issues and separately come out with new RFPs for replacing these ATMs and 
consequential expansion. 
Rajiv Kaul: 
To be fair we did analyze this a lot in the February, March and even preceding time periods. 
This is way too complex. It's not about going and settling with 2000 employees. This is about 
settling with 10,000, 12,000, 15,000 landlords. That's not really up our alley. That's not 
something we want to distract ourselves with.  
Also, with many MSPs there is predominantly a transaction linked BLA business model. We 
have gone bearish on that segment for the last 15 months. Unless we see green shoots in that 
either through competitive pricing moving up or way banks are willing to share the interchange 
with you or overall ATM transaction levels. 
We do not think it's worthwhile for us to invest capital and take the risk. And therefore, a large 
part of the business was in those segments. We are generally bearish on those. Some customers 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
will move to CMS and have moved to CMS on a fixed price model, which is fine by us because 
then I think the risk return makes totally sense for us. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Got it. And your response on the second one which is on the pricing power?  
Rajiv Kaul: 
I think for us any such situation, you want to again I'll go back to one of our maxim deals. We'll 
focus on share and revenue growth and maintain our margin profiles. Our margin profiles, if you 
compare it to anyone listed, unlisted are substantially higher and better. I think maintaining those 
margin is very important and these situations help us in continuing to maintain a healthy margin 
profile.  
I don't think these are situations where you should be looking at even pricing change for sure, 
maybe it will, but it will change from what the other company is charging, right? I think we are 
only willing to do work in which the risk-return makes sense for us. And therefore, we would 
like to continue operating in our margin profile where we are right now. I think that's a very 
healthy and a balanced margin profile. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
So if I got you correctly, this particular event doesn't change the margin profile of this vertical 
drastically, right? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
We will see. I really, will this -- will we get operating leverage with more business coming? And 
let the business come. I think let's not jump the gun and try to see it. I mean, obviously, if we are 
able to drive extra margin through automation or other things, we'll be very happy. But right 
now, let's focus on getting the business and improving our market share and businesses we like 
to work in. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Sure. Sure, Rajiv. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Gopal Ramanathan from -- an individual investor. 
Raj Gopal Ramanathan: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Actually, I think you partly answered my question which related 
to fixed price contract -- contracts versus transaction based pricing, because I believe during my 
days as a banker, one of the reasons why the banks wanted to outsource was that they were not 
very sure with respect to the amount of transactions that would happen on the ATM. 
 
And that's the reason they were quite happy entering into those contracts. So what has made 
them go back against it? Is it because they've been sort of negatively surprised in terms of the 
amount of usage of ATMs that they wanted to sort of fall back on fixed price contracts? That's 
the first question. 
The second question is, it's not necessarily philosophical, but given that you have already built 
up the competence, and again, you partly articulated this, why not look at other countries as 
well? Maybe not the cash management business, but the other businesses definitely can make a 
lot of sense in other countries as well. So why not look at that, maybe seed that particular 
business, build it out over the next five years, 10 years or so? So why refrain from doing that? 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
And the last question that I have is, actually, it's related to the AGS shutdown, what has been 
your learning out of the AGS shutdown? Because partly, if I were to look at that particular 
example, I believe they got into trouble because the banks were not necessarily paying on time. 
And that essentially meant that the working capital squeeze was becoming very difficult for 
them to manage because they had already sort of taken a significant amount of financial leverage. 
You obviously don't have that. But are you seeing a situation where getting your money from 
the banking system, etcetera, is becoming a little more challenging than what it may have been? 
Anush Raghavan: 
Okay. So, as you're a former banker yourself, I think, the views on what, we always really had 
a simple view, which is right in a room, I think the smartest people are always the bankers, right? 
So when you're sort of working with them, a counterparty, you can never second guess on trying 
to outsmart on pricing and thinking that there is any sort of contractual arbitrage available. We've 
always tried to keep things simple, right? 
 
Focus, put our head down, execute, do the right thing and not try to sort of create an upside or 
an arbitrage led pricing model. On the transaction side, I think the main thing has changed in the 
industry is, the entry of Brown Label ATM was sort of driven on the fact that, listen, there is an 
opportunity between what the interchanges versus what the cost of doing the services. 
 
And hence, if they were private parties willing to come in and deploy capital. So -- and it did 
that in a sensible place with the right location and cost structures, you could sort of profiteer out 
of that delta. Over a period of time as with anything else, the interchange increase has been far 
slower than the cost increases associated with long-term businesses such as this, as a result of 
which most people who sort of punted purely on that model have gotten squeezed on both sides. 
In the last two years to three years, as sort of the capital to the industry has sort of dried up, you 
can't have private people coming in with capital, which is more competitive than what the banks 
themselves can do. Banks have realized that ATM is still an extremely important channel of 
customer service, both for their cardholders, as well as for outreach branding. 
And hence, I've realized that it's always better to then invest in a fixed price outcome, which 
helps them hold the parties accountable for a certain quality of service and hygiene, and ensure 
that their customers don't get shortchanged. 
And hence the sort of switch over to fixed price model and acceptance of that. AGS, I think, 
wasn't just an issue of customers not paying. I think it was a classic issue of liquidity impacting, 
creating a sort of a downward spiral. It's a public call. I would want to try and remain diplomatic 
in alluding to some of the more serious issues there. 
But fundamentally when you have a very leveraged business at a fairly high cost of capital and 
depending on a variable transaction link model and liquidity issues are impacting your ability to 
pay salaries, vendors, partners which affect the downtime and the quality of service that you're 
able to give to the banks and that quality of service then further impacts the transaction.  

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
It's sort of extremely difficult to come out of that spiral. I don't think it is necessarily related to 
purely banking behavior alone. 
Rajiv Kaul: 
And also very respectful. I think it's a good company that tried to do many things. I got into 
unfortunate situation. I would go to your question. I mean, great question. Let me think about 
the geo one. We have articulated the geographic expansion before. If I look at the history of 
large MS players in India who are pioneers in the field much before our time, I think some of 
them have tried to expand into Southeast Asia and different markets and failed.  
I think from our side we think of it differently. We are not a cash management company. We are 
not a managed services company. We are a business services company. We don't want to get 
into geopolitical risk. We don't want to get into understanding regulators in each market. We 
don't want to be -- we don't have the client relationships. We'd rather focus on what we know 
well, which is how to work in India.  
We have the scale. We have the reach. We have a brand recognition recall with large banks 
where we are doing multiple types of services and able to win in scale. We will do the harder 
job of trying to figure out which are the next set of services for us to do well with the Indian 
banking system or retail rather than take the risk of going out.  
I mean, we have analyzed it. We have done some work, but I just think that going and doing JVs 
and dealing with some of the risk return isn't the right approach for the knowledge this 
management team has. Can we go hire people to do it? Sure, but it's not in the order of priority. 
I just don't think us being able to execute very well on this, and I don't want to do something 
which will distract us.  
We have, in fact, on the opposite side, have had a lot of interest in people wanting us to do cash 
management and even the U.S. and Australia and again for us we are like, this is such a people 
intensive business while we have a lot of technology automation software which we can take 
from here to those markets, but I just think we want to be humble and saying let's just get this 
one market right and focus here rather than right now do this. 
At some point I'm sure there'll be opportunities. Our M&A team keeps getting in bounds and if 
there is something interesting we'll look at it. But till now whenever we analyze it, we have shied 
away from the rest did not make any sense. I think we have a large market in front of us. We 
have a large opportunity in front of us. We hope to be able to stay focused on that and grow in a 
steady manner in doing what we know how to do well. 
Raj Gopal Ramanathan: 
Thanks. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Divyansh Gupta from Latent PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Hi, Rajiv and team. Just a couple of more questions. So what is the order book in hand right now 
and how much is expected to go live this year, assuming things go as planned? 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Rajiv Kaul: 
Okay, do you have some other questions while we calculate and come back with that? 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Sure, The other one was that in respect to the BLA business, earlier calls we used to mention 
that we are very selective in choosing our BLA that we would operate where it gives us decent 
IRR and preference I think was always to get fixed contracts. In our presentation we have 
mentioned only the transaction link BLA revenue contribution.  
What would be the revenue contribution of fixed BLA and is there a transition happening right 
now of current transaction link BLA is moving to fixed price BLA? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
So, in fact, thank you for these questions. I think the earlier question also which Ram had asked, 
I just want to -- there was a question on why are banks looking at going to fixed price contracts, 
and I think Anush alluded to it also, but frankly, I mean, bluntly the answer is that there are 
certain banks who understand that the transaction volume at their ATM channels, given the 
profile of customers is more upwardly mobile and therefore using a lot more digital UPI and 
other means. 
They will not be able to find good quality partners who would either set up or run or maintain 
the ATM channel. The economics will just not make sense on a transaction model and for them 
the access to a branch, the access to an ATM in lieu of a branch to a customer for their own 
customer satisfaction is very important and the quality of the service and the quality of the site 
is very critical. 
And therefore they will move to -- they moved to a fixed price model with the higher quality 
players which could be somebody else to make sure they are able to deliver a very important 
vital service to the consumers. I mean, fundamentally, I think many times people and banks 
forget the fact that access to cash is a fundamental right of an Indian consumer of a bank.  
But then when banks start thinking of an ATM channel, a profit making enterprise, I think 
something goes wrong in my head. I don't know why that mentality has come in the country in 
the last 8 years, 9 years in certain banks, but some banks are very clear saying the quality. And 
the brand of the of the bank is very important. 
And therefore they are and they know the only way to work with a high quality player or players 
would be to go on a fixed price model. So I think just that it's not a big trend, but it's a trend in 
some good banks and hopefully this will perpetuate over time. Coming to your question, in terms 
of order book, I think there's roughly about INR1,400 crores of order book which is pending to 
be executed.  
In the last five quarters order book, we have roughly gone live with two-third of the business. 
And your last question was on total BLA. So I think the fixed price BLA is covered in a managed 
solutions part because that's where it comes. I don't know the specifics of it right now, but the 
transaction link BLA is now less than 10%.  
It must be 8% to 9% or 8% roughly, yes. And now again, I will, if we see transactions improving, 
if we see a contract coming at a price which makes sense, where we think we can take the risk 

 
CMS Info Systems Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
return, we'll be happy to go deploy at that time. But right now this lever of growth, we will have 
slowed down. Many three years ago when we were going public, 
We talked about position sizing this business at 15%. We have then revised it downwards to 
10%. So as things change we will pivot and we will be more conservative where we think is 
better to hold on to the cash rather than deploy it. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. And how much of the book that is on hand expected to go live within this year? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
Well, let's just come and tell you as we go live right now I think I really can't tell you right now. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
No worries. And just if you can give an update on the bullion logistics, any client wins big clients 
wins? 
Rajiv Kaul: 
Wait for H1 we will come and give you a little, I think we're taking feedback. We haven't really 
covered retail and bullion today. I don't want my team to be caught off guard. We'll come and 
tell you at the end of H1. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This was the last question for today and I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Kaul: 
Well, thank you so much for the detailed questions. Thank you for your patience. Thank you for 
being invested in CMS. I do want to call out my team for having worked insanely hard over the 
last 5 to 6 months in helping the broader industry navigate the issues they've faced. I think we 
have had a very a solid Q1 in terms of the effort which is going into the business. I think on most 
key metrics we are doing well.  
I know the financial numbers may not fully reflected, but I do hope in Q2, Q3 we start seeing 
improvement which will reflect the quality of effort and quality of the institution in which you're 
all shareholders. Thank you and talk to you in October. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
