 
 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Ltd  
 
          Tel +91 79 2555 7555 
Adani Corporate House 
 
 
          Fax +91 79 2555 7177 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, 
          info@adani.com 
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, 
 
  
         www.adanienergysolutions.com 
 
Ahmedabad 382 421   
 
 
 
Gujarat, India 
CIN: L40300GJ2013PLC077803 
 
Registered Office: Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421  
28th July 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P J Towers,  
 
 
Exchange plaza, 
Dalal Street,  
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Code: 539254 
 
Scrip Code: ADANIENSOL 
 
Dear Sir,  
  
Sub:   Transcript of Earnings call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results 
of the Company for Q1FY26. 
  
In continuation to our intimation dated 25thJuly, 2025, please find below web 
link of transcript of the Earnings Call on Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June, 
2025. 
 
Weblink to access above transcript is as under: 
  
https://www.adanienergysolutions.com/-
/media/Project/Transmission/Investor/documents/Results-Conference-Call-
Transcripts/AESL_Q1FY26_Earnings-Call-Transcript---vf.pdf 
 
 
Copy of the said transcript is also attached herewith. 
  
Kindly take the same on your records. 
  
Thanking you, 
  
Yours faithfully, 
For Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
  
  
   
Jaladhi Shukla 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
JALADHI 
ATULCHANDRA 
SHUKLA
Digitally signed by JALADHI 
ATULCHANDRA SHUKLA 
Date: 2025.07.28 17:50:28 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
July 25, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:        Mr. Kandarp Patel – CEO – AESL 
Mr. Kunjal Mehta – CFO – AESL 
Mr. Kapil Sharma – Business Head, Transmission 
Mr. Pushpendrasinh Zala, Business Head, Smart Meter 
Mr. Anupam Misra – Head Group Corporate Finance 
Mr. Vijil Jain – Head IR – AESL 
 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in 
conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in the 
transcript is a textual representation of the company's event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate 
transcription, there may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the 
event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, correctness of data or transcription error.  
 
This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related to future, not past, events. 
In this context, forward-looking statements often address our expected future business and financial 
performance, and often contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” 
“should” or “will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, 
uncertain. These uncertainties may cause our actual future results to be materially different that those expressed 
in our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q1 FY '26 Earnings Update 
Conference Call hosted by Adani Energy Solutions Limited. From the Adani Energy 
Solutions side, we have the following on the call as main speakers. Mr. Kandarp Patel, 
CEO, AESL; Mr. Kunjal Mehta, CFO, AESL; Mr. Anupam Misra, Head, Group 
Corporate Finance; Mr. Vijil Jain, Head IR, AESL; Mr. Kapil Sharma, Business Head, 
Transmission AESL; Mr. Pushpendrasinh Zala, Business Head, Smart Meter, AESL. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines are in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijil Jain from AESL. Thank you, and over to 
you, Mr. Jain. 
Vijil Jain: 
Thank you. Good morning and good afternoon. Thank you so much, everyone, for 
joining. I just hope that you've got a chance to go through the earnings material 
uploaded on the website. Just to very quickly explain the flow of the call. So, we will 
start with an opening remark from the CEO, Mr. Kandarp Patel, followed by a Q&A 
session and then the closing remarks from Mr. Kunjal Mehta, the CFO. 
 
And if you have any questions, you can join the question queue in advance, so that we 
can manage the Q&A in a better way. Lastly, let me now hand over the call to Mr. 
Kandarp Patel, CEO, for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Kandarp Patel: 
Thank you, all investors and analysts, friends for joining this call. We are pleased to 
share that AESL has reported another good quarter in terms of financial performance 
and operational performance, highlighting AESL's strong on-ground execution and 
focused O&M. The company continues to focus on unlocking the tied-up growth 
through timely completion of transmission projects, ensuring stable performance in 
distribution segment and also maintaining industry-leading daily smart meter 
installation run rate. 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
I'll give you a few key highlights from quarter 1. So, we secured a new transmission 
project during this quarter called WRNES Talegaon Transmission Project. We also 
commissioned three transmission projects in this quarter. One was Khavda Phase 2 
Part-A. The second was Khavda Pooling Station. Both these projects are in Gujarat. 
 
Those are interstate projects. And the third one is Sangod Transmission Project, which 
is an intrastate project in Rajasthan. With this new project, Talegaon project, our under-
construction order book stands at about INR 59,300 crores. 
 
With the smart meter, in fact, we made significant progress during this quarter on the 
lines of guidance that we had at the beginning of the year. We installed about 24 lakh 
meters during this quarter, which has taken cumulative number to 55.44 lakh meters. 
With this, we are poised to achieve our target of 70 lakh meters during the current year. 
So, this was one of the main issue around smart metering installation rate, and now we 
have been able to achieve this kind of rate successfully over a period of the entire 
quarter. As far as the capex progress at consolidated level is concerned, this year, we 
did a capex of INR 2,224 crores as compared to INR 1,313 crores in last year same 
quarter, which is about 1.7x of the capex that we did in last year’s same quarter. 
 
Most of the capex has come from the transmission and smart metering segments. The 
growth in capex has come from these two segments, whereas distribution capex in 
AEML has remained stable. Now moving on to operational and financial performance. 
Operationally, also, we have done exceedingly well. We have achieved a line 
availability of 99.8%, which has also enabled us to earn an incentive of INR 29 crores. 
 
With these three new projects getting commissioned, our total network -- transmission 
network now stood at about 26,696 circuit kilometers. As far as the distribution 
business is concerned, the demand remains stagnant in AEML, essentially due to the 
early onset of monsoon. However, our Mundra distribution company, the sales growth 
was 22% year-on-year, which was basically due to an increase in industrial demand in 
Mundra region.  
 
As far as distribution loss is concerned, we continue to improve our performance. This 
quarter, our distribution loss in AEML stood at 4.24 % as compared to 5.18 % in the 
first quarter last year. In fact, with this level, we are one of the most efficient as far as 
T&D losses are concerned, not only in the country, but we are also comparable with 
the global benchmark. 
 
As far as smart metering is concerned, as I mentioned, we have already commissioned 
24 lakh meters in this quarter, which is making the total installed meter to about 55 
lakh meter. Out of 55 lakh meter, 51 lakh meter has already been commissioned, and 
revenue has started coming from these 51 lakh meters. 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
As far as the C&I business is concerned, we have been talking that we'll be focusing 
on this business. Now with all our efforts and team in place, we have commenced that 
C&I business. Now we have 14 big industrial and commercial customers, aggregating 
a total load of about 717 megawatts that we are catering to. So, you will see a lot of 
action on C&I front in AESL in the times ahead. 
 
Similarly, in cooling business, we also made a start there. We are building India's 
largest district cooling facility at Mundra with a capacity of 45,000 tons of 
refrigeration. So, with that the total capacity that we are implementing currently is 
52,000 tons of refrigeration. And we are also talking to various developers, thus you 
will see significant action in cooling solutions business as well. 
 
As far as the financial update is concerned, the total income has risen by 28%. EBITDA 
has increased by 14 % year-on-year, which now has crossed INR 2,000 crores. It is 
INR 2,017 crores as compared to INR 1,762 crores last year Q1. PAT also increased 
significantly. It increased by 71% year-on-year to INR 539 crores. That was essentially 
because of the increase in EBITDA and lower depreciation and tax outgo. 
 
The cash profit has also improved significantly. Now, it has crossed INR 1,000 crores 
this quarter as compared to around INR 900 crores in the last quarter. As far as the 
business outlook is concerned, for all three-four businesses, we see a significant 
opportunity, be it transmission, distribution or smart meters. In transmission, we are 
already having an order book worth INR 59,000 crores. And we also expect bidding 
of about INR 90,000 crores in the coming time, which includes two large HVDC 
projects. So, we see a significant opportunity there as well. 
 
As far as distribution is concerned, while we continue to do the expansion or growth 
in AEML, the way we are doing, we also see opportunity there. There is privatization 
discussion happening in UP. And also, our second license application for Navi Mumbai 
came up for hearing last week. So, we see action on that distribution side as well. 
 
As far as smart metering is concerned, we will continue to focus on implementation. 
And we would want to achieve the number of 70 lakh and more during the current 
year. And with this kind of exposure and experience, we would certainly want to 
maintain our market share of about 22%  in future opportunities as well. So, with all 
these things, I think in AESL, there is a significant amount of opportunity in all the 
business verticals, and our team is fully geared up and that can be seen from the results 
that we will continue to focus on execution and managing those assets well and 
efficiently. 
 
So now we can go to the Q&A session. 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes on the line of Mohit Kumar with ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My first question is on the smart meter. I think you mentioned that we have roughly 
55 lakh smart meter as we speak. And in the quarter, we did 24 lakh, right? Is it fair to 
assume that by the end of this year, in this fiscal, we'll have more than 1 crore smart 
meter installed? And can you please help us with the revenue run rate which you expect 
from the smart meter in FY '27 based on this 1 crore installation? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Mohit, you are always the opening batsman in our session. With this execution run 
rate, we are fully confident that we will be going beyond 1 crore smart meter 
installation by the time we complete this financial year. In fact, we could have done a 
little better in the current quarter, but the unexpected rain in May affected our progress. 
But even with that, we continue to have a daily average of about 27,000 meters. And 
with that, we will be easily completing that 1 crore target that we have taken for 
ourselves. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And sir, the revenue run rate from the smart meters in FY '25? 
Kunjal Mehta: 
Yes. Mohit, so we continue to give the guidance that the revenue would be based on 
the meter month based on the number of meters as and when they get installed. So 
roughly, each meter month would give us a revenue of about INR100 per meter per 
month. Even in this quarter, the 55 lakh meters actually translates to about 106 meter 
months. And 106 meter months -- on a meter month concept would translate to a 
revenue of about INR 115 crores in this quarter. 
 
I mean we are not reporting segment numbers for the smart meters as of now. But 
going forward, we intend to do that. But for this quarter, on a meter month basis, the 
revenue earned is INR 115 crores. Under the Ind-AS and the accounting treatment, the 
revenue classification is different. But from a conventional perspective, I can share that 
INR 115 crore is the per meter per month revenue recorded in this quarter. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And sir, is there any update on the smart meter tendering for Tamil Nadu? Has it 
happened? Has it completed? 
Kandarp Patel: 
No. So, Tamil Nadu bid has been getting extended. In fact, they also revised the bid 
document a couple of times. Now, they are again planning to go ahead with the bidding 
process. But still, the Tamil Nadu bidding has not happened. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Three questions on my side, on the HVDC pipeline like Mumbai, Aarey to Kudus, I 
think we're working on Phase 2, right? Are you expecting this work to commence 
somewhere in this fiscal or next fiscal? Or are you still waiting for the approval? 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Kandarp Patel: 
So as far as Mumbai HVDC is concerned, in fact, the project is progressing very well, 
and we expect to commission the Mumbai HVDC project during this financial year 
itself which is Phase 1. We have already requested STU for evaluating whether Phase 
2 will be required or not because in their scheme of things, it will be required. 
 
So now we are asking them as to when STU thinks that, that project should be 
operational. Now basis the study and analysis, that project will be progressing ahead. 
But as of now, we won't be able to tell you as to when that approval will come. But 
that project certainly will come because they have already taken that project into their 
long-term plan. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. And the last question on the revenue side for this quarter for the 
transmission. Sir, I think we had last year, we added one project in TBCB. And last 
quarter, we added 3 more, right? So put together, I think we have added around 38 
billion, 39 billion of asset in Q1 FY '26. But the revenues are flat in this quarter this 
quarter for transmission. Can you explain the anomaly what led to that? 
Kunjal Mehta: 
No, you are right. So basically, the key reason for the flat revenue is -- so one is that, 
of course, as the capex completes and the project gets commissioned. This quarter, we 
have done an additional transmission revenue of INR 66 crores. But what happens is 
that in certain assets, which are the traditional cost-plus assets, there is a depreciation 
factor. 
 
And since the depreciation reduces, the cost-plus asset or the revenue also translates 
into a lower number. So therefore, in case of certain cost-plus assets, the revenue 
declined, which in this quarter, unfortunately, the transmission earnings on account of 
new projects got commissioned off-set that revenue. 
 
So, INR 66 crores of new revenue which was there on account of new projects that got 
completed, but it got offset by the higher depreciation charge on the cost-plus assets, 
which are historically there with the company. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Anuj Upadhyay with Investec. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Sir, of late we have been listening to a lot of concerns related to the commissioning of 
the transmission project, which is leading to delay in the execution of renewable 
capacity. Just want to get your thought process on this, what is delaying the project? 
How we are progressing in case of Khavda and other power projects over? And what 
are the major bottlenecks which are leading to this kind of a delay? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, Anuj, you must have noticed we commissioned 2 transmission projects relating to 
Khavda in this quarter. And in fact, both the projects got commissioned prior to their 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
scheduled date of commissioning. So as far as our projects are concerned, we are 
progressing well. In fact, in all the projects, we are more or less on time, except 2 
projects, which is NKTL and WRSR. NKTL, we know the reason. But that project and 
even WRSR is also on the verge of commissioning. So, all our projects are going on 
time and schedule. 
Even HVDC, we are going to commission in this year itself. That will be a landmark 
for Mumbai region. No project has got commissioned in such a short time frame in 
Mumbai region. 
As far as renewable evacuation is concerned, there you are right. There are certain 
projects of other developers got delayed. It has impacted evacuation of renewable 
power, both in Rajasthan region as well as in Khavda region. So, the main difficulty 
which is being faced in the sector is obviously the equipment. But nowadays, the larger 
issue is not equipment, but it is the ability of skilled manpower for stringing and 
erection of the tower. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Got it, sir. So, we don't face concern this majority of the project is what you are trying 
to say? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Yes. So, we have set up our project implementation in such a way that we don't face 
these challenges. We are also trying various ways of optimising these operations. So, 
your dependability on manpower reduces there. And we are also undertaking a lot of 
training to create new pool for such manpower requirement. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Got it, sir. Secondly, sir, you mentioned about the upcoming INR 90,000 crores of an 
opportunity in the transmission bids, which are lined up. Can you set a timeline by 
when can the tenders be floated? Also, you mentioned 2 HVDC projects are also 
included in this INR 90,000 crores. What would be the quantum of this, sir? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, this INR 90,000 crores project should get bid out in around one year time. And 2 
HVDC projects are one for Khavda, that is Khavda-Olpad and another one is for 
Rajasthan. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
And the value? Sir, value for it? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, Rajasthan project would be around INR 25,000 crores and this Olpad would also 
be around INR 20,000-odd crores. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Okay. Okay. And lastly, sir, on the smart metering. So, I believe we still sit at around 
close to 2.28 crore meters order book, which we have in the smart meter space. And 
our target was to reach it -- I mean, scale it up to around 6 crores meters over the next 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
2- or 3-years kind of a timeline. So, any update or status on that because if the projects 
are not getting added, I mean, the fresh orders. So, in that case, how do we target to 
attain that 6 crores meters mark? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, Anuj, the fact remains that still about 12 crore meters are to be bid out. There are 
many states who has not taken an initiative. We feel that once the positive results from 
various states where smart metering has been being implemented -- start flowing in, 
probably those states will also take up those smart metering projects. 
 
Meanwhile, what we are doing, we are focusing on our execution. So, we wanted to 
finish as early as possible our existing order book. So, this year, we will at least 
complete 70 lakh and reach to 1 crore plus meter. And next year, we plan to complete 
the balance part. So, we are confident that during this period, 1.5 years, the states which 
are pending for bidding, those all states will move ahead, and the opportunity will come 
up. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Okay, sir. And which are these states, sir, who are likely to come up for the smart meter 
bid in the near term or the likelihood for which would be more positive? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, part of the Madhya Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, those are the big 
states which are still having a smart metering opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Dhruv Muchhal with HDFC AMC. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, continuing the Mohit's question on transmission revenue, despite commissioning, 
we are not seeing that run rate. So, you mentioned that there is an INR 66 crores drag 
because of the depreciation adjustment as per the regulatory accounts. So, is that 
correct, sir? 
Kandarp Patel: 
INR66 crores is the addition on account of new project that got commissioned. But 
that got offset on account of the depreciation. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So broadly INR60 crores or INR70 crores will be the depreciation impact on revenue? 
Kandarp Patel: 
INR 58 crores to be precise on depreciation and INR 66 crores on account of increase 
in revenue on account of new projects coming. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. So, if my understanding is right, this does not impact your PAT. It just impacts 
your EBITDA and revenue because your depreciation is lower, your EBITDA is also 
lower, your revenue is also lower, correct? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Correct. Correct. 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And sir, this impact should be for the full year or part of that was already there in the 
base -- I mean, in FY '25 and this part of it is continuing? For the next quarter it will. 
Kunjal Mehta: 
Yes. Next quarter, you will see all the projects which were commissioned during the 
last 3 or 4 quarters, full revenue will start coming in during the future quarters. So 
therefore, this will not repeat in the coming quarters. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Yes. I mean, on a Q-on-Q basis, it will not reflect. But Y-o-Y basis, it will still reflect? 
Kunjal Mehta: 
Correct. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Got it. And sir, are there any other meaningful such projects where there is a regulatory 
adjustment pending? I mean probably I think 12 years get over and hence after that, 
you see a big dip in depreciation. Is that right? 
Kunjal Mehta: 
So, these are there in all cost-plus assets, it will happen that way only. So, this was 
happening in the earlier 2 lines, which were there where 12 years got completed. So, 
because of that, the depreciation impact got. Now most of the projects are on tariff 
base. So, you will not see such type of impact going forward. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. So, majority of the drag is already behind now as we have completed their 12 
year. And sir, I wanted to -- probably you mentioned about C&I that you have started. 
I wanted to understand in deep. I'm not sure if that's the time. But if you can share how 
the economics for the C&I business will work for you? How do you plan to scale it 
up? What load that you are targeting? What kind of customers that you're targeting? 
And yes, some thoughts there. 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, Dhruv, essentially, the concept here is that we will provide an end-to-end energy 
solution to the customer. And we will take full responsibility of not only cost but also 
reliability. And creating a right mix for that customer in such a way that they achieve 
their ESG target as well as their cost is optimized. 
 
So, we started with our cement business, and we did an excellent contribution there in 
terms of reduction in energy cost. Now we have started with third parties as well. And 
there is total 13 consumer where we are providing these services, 14 industrial 
customers in fact. And the total load currently is about 717 MW. 
The bouquet of services will increase as we will contract out that energy storage 
capacity, then our ability to serve their RTC load will increase significantly. And once 
we have that storage capacity contracted out with us, we'll be able to scale it up very 
fast because we will not only be able to offer them a larger share of green power as 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
compared to the existing distribution supply, but we will also be able to reduce their 
cost. So, our target is to achieve about 7,000 megawatts in another 5 years. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And sir, your economics is the cost at which you purchase minus the cost at which you 
sell? So, you do a PPA with your -- you do -- I'm not sure buying agreement with some 
of the developers, including with the developers and you have a selling price, probably 
fixed selling price with your customers. So how does it work? 
Kandarp Patel: 
There is one fundamental difference. Normally, when you talk of trading, usually, you 
must have seen through back-to-back contracts. What we will be doing is aggregation 
of the capacity. And from aggregate capacity, we'll be offering a customized solution. 
So, in our case, we will hardly see any back-to-back or a mirror contract, whereby you 
only earn trading margin. So that will be a significant difference there. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So basically, like a DISCOM, how our DISCOM operates, it's kind of a similar 
structure for C&I customers? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Correct. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Got it. And sir, the price at which you sell to the customer, is it a fixed price or it 
changes -- is it a discount to what the alternate cost, let's say, for example, the customer 
could be buying from a DISCOM. So how does the price move? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, it depends on the customer requirement. There are certain contracts where we 
commit upfront price to them. There are certain customers who wants a solution where 
the price is linked to distribution companies’ tariff and we are open for both. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, you see largely in terms of the scale up because 7,000 MW is a large number over 
5 years in context of the C&I market that is why. The open access rules, the restrictions 
by DISCOMs, the issues that they used to raise earlier, I'm not sure banking rules and 
all those, they are reasonably sorted out for you to scale up? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Yes, Dhruv all those complications we will manage. And that is what the 
differentiation between what we are offering in C&I as compared to all other players. 
Now our having exposure of running a distribution company, running a green project 
and all that regulatory knowledge that we have accumulated over a period of time. 
We will leverage those resource and knowledge and provide them -- because at the end 
of day, those customers won't be able to understand this kind of complexity in our 
power sector. And there our role will be significant. For them, we will be one point 
solution, and we will do everything for them. 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Got it. And sir, just last question on this point is will most of the customers be interstate 
connected customers, I mean, very large interstate connected, or you can also work 
with intrastate customers? 
Kandarp Patel: 
We can also work with interstate and intrastate as well. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Perfect, sir. Great. Thank you so much. That’s very helpful. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Aditya Trivedi with Nepean Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Trivedi: 
So, the guidance for FY '26 as far as the transmission business capex is concerned was 
INR12,000 crores to INR13,000 crores. And this quarter, we've done about INR1,025 
crores of transmission capex, which is nearly 9% of the targeted capex. So, are you on 
track to meet the targeted capex for the year?  
` 
And also according to the CEA data, the quantum of transmission line addition in the 
first quarter of FY '26 was less than 20% of the planned additions. So, what have been 
the reasons for a decline in capacity addition for the industry? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, Aditya, we are more or less on the track. But, yes, some impact has happened 
because of unexpected monsoon in May. But we have realigned our plant, and we are 
confident that we will fulfil our guidance for the current year. As far as the performance 
at the country level is concerned, you will see almost every year, the addition during 
the first quarter is much less as compared to the last quarter of the year. That is the 
reason one.  
And, obviously, rain has affected all other players as well. Besides that, the shortage 
in manpower essentially for erection and stringing that has also caused the dip in the 
performance in the sector. 
Aditya Trivedi: 
Okay. And as far as the transmission tender pipeline stands at about INR 90,000 crores. 
So, what is your target win rate and are you seeing more competition now from private 
players? 
Kandarp Patel: 
I don't think competition landscape will change either positively or negatively much 
during the year. In fact, there are reasons why intensity should reduce, because the 
project tender pipeline in the sector is a good number. In fact, with almost all players 
there are sufficient capacity available for implementation. 
And we will also be very, very disciplined as far as taking up a new project is 
concerned. We will be taking those projects where we feel confident of executing in 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
time, both in terms of execution and from OEM supply side. And also, that is within 
our financial metrics and parameters that we have decided for ourselves. 
Aditya Trivedi: 
Got it. And one last question is that AEML's operating EBITDA declined 7.6% year-
on-year, and this is despite improved distribution loss metrics. So, what are the 
underlying cost pressures or have there been some regulatory changes driving this and 
is this decline structural or transitory? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, the distribution loss whatever improvement that I do in distribution loss, it doesn't 
contribute to my profitability. The advantage of reduction in distribution loss goes to 
a customer.  
Aditya Trivedi: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
Kunjal Mehta: 
But just to add, I mean, on a year-on-year basis, if you recall last year, we had Dahanu 
power plant. This time, we don't have it. And that's the reason -- one of the reasons 
why on a year-on-year basis, you will see a flat growth. So, despite there being a 
growth -- underlying growth on account of addition of capex because Dahanu power 
plant not being there this quarter, that's the reason why you have an operating revenue 
flat even in distribution business. 
Aditya Trivedi: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nikhil with UTI Mutual Funds. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Just a couple of questions. So earlier, did you mention what is the contracted C&I 
capacity that you have as on date? 
Kandarp Patel: 
As on date, we have 717 megawatts. 
Nikhil: 
717 megawatts. And what would be the ticket size of the customers of the average 
ticket size? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, these are ranging from 5 megawatts to 150 megawatts. 
Nikhil: 
And sir, I mean, 2 years back, we have seen you apply for parallel licensing -- parallel 
license across a few cities. And all of a sudden in the last 2, 3 months, we have seen 
the activity pick up over there. So, I mean, can you just guide us as to what is happening 
in the space and what is the realistic timeline for this parallel license is getting 
awarded? 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Kandarp Patel: 
So we applied for parallel license in Maharashtra as well as UP and in the Gujarat 
expansion of our AEML license area. The thing progressed well initially in Gujarat 
and Maharashtra and then that remained pending for quite a long time with the 
commission. In last week, MERC held a public hearing. Now the order is risen which 
is the last step in license grant. So, we see that there should be a decision from MERC 
very soon. 
As far as other states are concerned, we are not sure about timeline because it is 
pending with them since long time. But from a legal standpoint, I don't see any 
opportunity -- any issue because this is -- our application is in line with legal 
requirement. So someday, they will have to clear that application. But on timeline I'm 
not sure as to when that can happen. 
Nikhil: 
Understood. I mean -- and how would this parallel license exactly work? Will you be 
using existing infrastructure and paying some commission or would you be setting up 
your own infra? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, we must -- the legal requirement is that when you become a second license, you 
have to set up your own network. You can't use the existing network. And accordingly, 
when we applied for Navi Mumbai, we gave a detailed rollout plan to MERC as to 
how are we going to set up and expand our network in Navi Mumbai area. And we 
gave a rollout plan for 5 years, and we mentioned as to how we will progress from area 
to area wise. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. So, you won't be getting into existing areas, but likely to expand in newer areas 
basically targeting the existing areas? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Sorry. 
Nikhil: 
So, you are basically targeting the existing areas, but maybe you would like to get into 
the undeveloped areas basically there is no existing path? 
Kandarp Patel: 
No, we will be going in all the areas -- in the entire distribution license area that will 
be granted. And we will develop a network in that area gradually area by area. So we 
will pick up one area, complete the entire network there, then we'll go to another parcel, 
then we will go to another parcel. That is how we'll be doing. 
Nikhil: 
Sure, sir. I have a few questions regarding the economics of it, but I will get back. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Jalaj Manocha from Svan. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Jalaj Manocha: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on scaling up the smart meter business so 
well. Just wanted to understand the unit economics around it. Could you please explain 
the unit economics, what is the initial capex and who pays and how long is the tenure? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, the initial capex is roughly in the range of around INR 4,500 to INR 4,800 per 
meter, and we get based on the tariffs which we have quoted which is about INR 11,000 
over a 3-month period. 
Jalaj Manocha: 
Okay. And the eventual payment will come from the respective -- from the government 
regulator, in this case, the DISCOM or what, who pays eventually for it? 
Kandarp Patel: 
It is paid by the DISCOM, but it comes directly from the customer's wallet as the 
consumers who are paying to the DISCOM on a monthly basis for the power which 
they are consuming from that wallet itself, it comes directly into our account. 
Jalaj Manocha: 
Okay. So, the payment risk is not there as such in this front? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Correct. 
Jalaj Manocha: 
Got it. And sir, on the -- just one other part was the C&I. I just wanted to understand, 
would we be keeping the trading margin in it or how does it work in it? Because we 
would do a back-to-back arrangement with the Genco is what my understanding is as 
you explained. So, could you explain? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Jalaj, what we will not do is a back-to-back arrangement. We will have to offer a 
customized solution to each of the customer, and it would be very, very different from 
customer-to-customer. So, the model here is we will contract different capacity. We 
will aggregate it and make a customized solution for each of the customer from that 
aggregate capacity.  
And when you are procuring power, there is a huge amount of opportunity created 
when you aggregate the capacity, which is not there in a back-to-back basis. And 
essentially, we genuinely feel that when you are doing a back-to-back arrangement, 
you are hardly adding any value there. 
Jalaj Manocha: 
Understood. Thanks. Fine, sir. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shirom Kapur with Jefferies. Please 
go ahead. 
Shirom Kapur: 
I just wanted to ask on your transmission business, what are your capitalization targets 
for FY '26 and FY '27? 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, the capitalization essentially would mean that once the project gets completed, the 
underlying asset gets capitalized. So, this year, roughly around INR15,000-odd crores 
of projects are likely to get capitalized, which includes the largest one being the 
Mumbai HVDC projects. 
 
We will continue to maintain that run rate of close to around INR15,000 crores, 
INR16,000-odd crores of capitalization to get completed each year. As you know that 
the company has close to INR60,000 crores of projects, which are to be completed in 
the next 3 to 4 years. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Understood. And from this Mumbai HVDC, how much is the value of this project 
specifically? 
Kandarp Patel: 
INR 7,000 crore. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Got it. And just on your C&I business, I just want to understand how much is the 
revenue and profit contribution in this quarter and in FY '25 to your overall business? 
Kunjal Mehta: 
This quarter, it's not that significant. In fact, this was the first quarter where we actually 
started earning. But on a number basis, it's around INR18-odd crores, which was 
earned during this quarter, largely from the C&I business. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Dhruv Muchhal with HDFC. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
I missed -- in interstate market, it seems the bidding activity has slowed down a bit. Is 
it just because you're absorbing all the bids or because of the -- I'm not sure because of 
the execution challenges, they are waiting and watching. So just trying to understand 
what's causing this somewhat of slowdown. 
Kandarp Patel: 
Dhruv, the bidding slowed down not because of execution challenges or anything else, 
but there were a few deliberations happened at CEA and CTU level that was regarding 
some regulatory issue. And also, they wanted to have a relook at the way the 
transmission system has been planned and designed. So, they wanted to review it. And 
having done that, now you will see that bidding happening the way it was happening 
earlier. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So, no major change in terms of the path that the system was taking earlier and now 
after the review of the design? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Yes, yes. No major change. In fact, if I can share that, they undertook an evaluation 
whether HVDC should be implemented, or a battery storage should be implemented. 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Having done the detailed study, they decided that the system that they have planned, 
they will continue with that. And therefore, now you will see the bidding happening. 
In fact, one HVDC bid -- initial bid has already been submitted. Now the bids are under 
technical evaluation. And maybe in a months' time, they will do the reverse auction. 
Moderator: 
 Next question comes from the line of Mahesh Patil with ICICI Securities. 
Mahesh Patil: 
Sir, my first question is on the Khavda, HVDC. So, this is the one you mentioned that 
the bids have been submitted, right? And the awards should be done in the next 1 or 2 
months, right? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Correct. 
Mahesh Patil: 
Okay. And sir, on the other opportunity at the interstate level, say Maharashtra, there 
is coming that they are doing some large amount of transmission capex, including 
HVDC. So how do you see the opportunity? Any discussions going on that side? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, Mahesh, not only Maharashtra and as we discussed over various calls, but we also 
see a lot of opportunities coming now from state sector. So, Maharashtra has already 
started. 2 projects got under auction in last month. We see a couple of more projects in 
a month's time. Similarly, Karnataka also has come out with a few projects under 
TBCB. Even Rajasthan has approved a significant amount of transmission project 
under TBCB. So, we see a lot of projects and opportunities coming for transmission 
from various states now. 
Mahesh Patil: 
Okay, sir. And sir, one question is on the C&I side. Typically, what is the lock-in period 
for the contract that you have with the customers? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So currently, few contracts are for 13 to 14 months. And there are 2, 3 contracts, which 
is a long-term contract, which goes up to 10 years as well. 
Mahesh Patil: 
Okay, sir. And sir, last question is on the 3 other projects apart from Mumbai HVDC 
that you are planning to commission this year. Any timeline next 6 months or 
something that you are planning to -- these projects are expected to come online? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, the way things are progressing, we should be commissioning somewhere in the 
later part of January or February, but before this year end for sure. 
Mahesh Patil: 
Okay, sir. And sir, lastly, on the Mumbai HVDC, the part 2 that you mentioned Phase 
2, any estimate about the cost or let's say, comparatively through the earlier phase of 
Rs 70 billion? Do you have any estimate? 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, it would be very, very premature even to find out the cost today, because we are 
not pretty sure as to what is the kind of configuration that they will decide. Besides the 
HVDC, there might be connected GIS or substations. So once the scope is clear, then 
probably we'll be able to figure out as to what would be the estimated cost. But 
obviously, it will be around INR 10,000 crores considering the current market situation 
in HVDC market. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Bhavik Shah with Invexa Capital. 
Bharat Shah: 
So, you mentioned in your opening remarks about the 45,000 ton refrigeration (TR) 
cooling facility at Mundra. Can you throw some light on that business? What is the 
opportunity? What are we looking at? And what exactly could be the potential? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, Bhavik this concept itself is gaining a lot of traction in the country. So theoretically, 
all the AC requirements can be converted into district cooling. So, it is certainly a 
humongous opportunity. But this concept is very, very useful and could be very 
efficient when cluster development is happening and of a mixed use. So, take any 
development where multiple buildings of residential, commercial and other things are 
developing. 
 
This could be a very, very good concept because you get cooling as a service. You 
don't have to invest into those AC and managing and maintaining those AC. And when 
you have an aggregation and this big size of plant, which is distributing cooled air, you 
also get a lot of optimization and efficiency. 
So essentially, when you have a district cooling plant, your energy efficiency will 
improve by at least 20 %. So, this concept we strongly feel will get a lot of traction in 
coming times in India as well. Like in Middle East and other developed countries, the 
district cooling is a normal phenomenon there. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Understood, sir. And sir, has it anything to do with the data centers which we are 
building? Are we going to use it there? Or how is it? 
Kandarp Patel: 
No, the data center can also be one of the end uses, but it could be anywhere, like so 
any new development that is happening, the district cooling could be a good concept. 
In fact, we are talking to various developers, a big developer in Pune, Hyderabad as 
well as Chennai, where cluster development is happening. So, the things have 
progressed very well there. And we see that getting replicated everywhere else as well. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Understood. Sir, regarding the depreciation on old assets, sir, so this trend will 
continue, right, for the projects or assets which we have? So eventually, the new 
income will continue to get offset going ahead, right? 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Kunjal Mehta: 
No. So, this will not continue to happen because earlier the projects were awarded on 
a cost-plus basis. Now most of the projects are awarded on a fixed tariff basis. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, like how do we see the impact of the ISTS charges? Like 
will we be impacted? Or how are generally our terms with the customer? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Are you talking about C&I or transmission? 
Bhavik Shah: 
Sir, both. 
Kandarp Patel: 
Okay. So as far as transmission business is concerned, we have no connection with the 
ISTS tariff, which is being charged to distribution company or customer. Essentially, 
how it operates is that all the transmission charges of all interstate transmission assets 
get aggregated and that aggregated costs get allocated to all the customers. 
So, depending on how much new transmission capacity is getting added, how many 
assets are getting depreciated basis that the interstate transmission charges keep on 
varying. So, as far as transmission business is concerned, there is no linkage with the 
ISTS transmission charges being charged to distribution company or end consumer. 
In the C&I, obviously, it can impact. But now with the new transmission charge regime 
in place, which is a point of draw means, so there irrespective from which source you 
are taking power, the transmission charges payable remains the same. In that sense, 
whatever that average transmission charge works out at a country level, that will be 
applicable. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vishal Periwal with Antique Stockbroking. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sir, in the call, you did mention like in the transmission side, we are seeing opportunity. 
So out of this INR 90,000 crore worth opportunity, which you mentioned, so what 
would be like the breakup between center and state out there? And sorry. And second 
parallel to that, this opportunity -- I mean, are you seeing moving more towards the 
state in the last couple of quarters and how exactly it is? 
Kandarp Patel: 
In this INR 90,000 Cr, almost 90% currently is from interstate. In terms of state, there 
are only few states that has recently started. But you are right. As we move forward, 
we see the pie of interstate project getting bigger as compared to what we have today. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. Got it. And then just from an economics point of view, the central -- interstate 
and the state one, does this really differ when we are bidding and when we start 
earnings from these assets? 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Kandarp Patel: 
No, I don't think it differs because conceptually both are same. What only differs is 
your counterparty. In the state, it is STU, whereas in interstate, it is CTU. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. Got it. And in terms of even the numbers of players who are bidding, they are 
largely limited because in central, we do have seen like a limited set of players? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So state, it will be further less number as compared to interstate. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. And then one last thing. Sir, in terms of segmental numbers that we report, where 
do we club our smart meter business? 
Kunjal Mehta: 
So, smart meter currently forms part of the others. We are not showing separately smart 
meter as a segment because it still is slightly nascent. Going forward, as I mentioned 
earlier, smart meter will also be shown in a separate segment. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. So, in others, when we see a sharp increase on a year-on-year basis, so that is 
primarily driven by -- as we are commissioning more smart meter? Or is there any 
other revenue that is coming -- forming part of the others? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So that is because of the SCA income, as the construction income increases, the service 
concession arrangement income also increases. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. And then will that be a number handy with you, sir? I mean this could be how 
much the construction service or capex margin? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, this quarter, the number was INR178 crores, INR 133 crores on account of 
transmission assets and INR 45 crores on account of smart meter assets. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vinod with Phillip Capital. 
Vinod: 
Sir, I just wanted to ask you about this in the recent NCT - minutes of the meeting, 
they have stated that for every HVDC project, you should have a comparable 
calculation with BESS. But are these two strictly comparable in that sense? Can BESS 
replace a transmission line? And even if you have a BESS, you still require 
transmission capacity, right, to transmit that power from the battery storage systems? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, answer is both yes and no. Now you can certainly reduce requirement of additional 
transmission capacity when you have a battery storage co-located with a renewable 
generator. So today, if you see that if I have a 10,000 megawatt of solar power plant, I 
will require a 10,000 megawatt equivalent transmission capacity. 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
But if I store half of the capacity, then probably I might require 5,000 megawatts 
because solar generates during 8 hours where the 10,000 megawatt is being used and 
rest of the time, it is not being used. 
So, if you have a battery storage, you can obviously use that capacity -- transmission 
capacity during non-solar hour. So, it can certainly reduce the requirement of 
transmission capacity. But it is straightforward -- your point is also valid that to a 
certain extent, you will require the transmission capacity, may not be to the fullest 
extent, but obviously, a little more than what capacity comes after consideration of 
battery storage. 
Vinod: 
Okay. But it will reduce the demand for high-voltage system. Would that be a right 
way to look at it? 
Kandarp Patel: 
Yes. It can optimize the requirement for transmission system -- new transmission 
system at least. 
Vinod: 
And sir, the other thing is, I think the NCT also calls for, I think, technology-agnostic 
HVDC project now. How would that work? Because ultimately, who decides whether 
it should be VSC LCC? Is the developer or it is NCT? 
Kandarp Patel: 
So currently, it is being decided by the planner. So, it is basically NCT. There is a 
discussion around this point that should it be kept open and leave it to developer to 
decide as to which technology will be better for -- given the transmission requirement. 
Vinod: 
No. But now they are saying it will be agnostic, and the developer gets to bid, right? 
You can bid either on an LCC costing or a VSC costing depending on. 
Kandarp Patel: 
It has not happened so far. That's under discussion. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Anuj Upadhyay with Investec. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Just to get an update on the UP DISCOM side, where exactly are we in the stage of 
this tender, where the bids have been submitted and when we can expect the final 
outcome to be out? Secondly, there's a lot of buzz around that the DISCOM has been 
spread into price circle. So, any update which you can provide would be helpful, sir. 
Kandarp Patel: 
So, Anuj, by this time, the RFP should have come out, it has yet not come out. We 
expect that RFP to come out soon. And then those bid submission and evaluation, and 
award will happen. So, what we have understood is the discussion is going on between 
UPRC and government of UP on certain issues relating to privatization. Once they 
have a final decision, they should come out with an RFP for initiating the bidding 
process. 

 
 
Adani Energy Solutions Limited
 
 
January 25, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kunjal Mehta 
for closing comments. 
Kunjal Mehta: 
Thank you all for taking out the time to attend the call. Just to remind anybody, in case 
because of the paucity of time, if we have not answered any clarification or any 
questions, we are just a phone call away. You can reach out to us for any additional 
information. Thank you all. Thank you once again for the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Adani Energy Solutions Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
