 
 
SIS Limited  
Address for correspondence: #106, 1st Floor, Ramanashree Arcade, 18 MG Road, Bangalore- 560 001, Karnataka 
Registered office: Annapoorna Bhawan, Patliputra Telephone Exchange Road, Kurji, Patna 800 010 Bihar 
Website: www.sisindia.com Tel: +91 80 2559 0801 E-mail ID: compliance1@sisindia.com 
CIN: L75230BR1985PLC002083 
 
 
September 12, 2025 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
Dalal Street 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051  
 
 
Mumbai-400001 
Company Symbol: SIS 
 
 
 
Company Code: 540673 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt: 976573   
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Transcript of the conference call held with investors and analysts  
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the conference call held on Monday, September 
8, 2025, at 02:00 p.m. with investors and analysts in relation to the acquisition of A P Securitas 
Private Limited. The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://sisindia.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/09/Investors-Analysts-Call-Transcript.pdf. 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you 
 For SIS Limited 
 
 
 
 Pushpalatha Katkuri 
 Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
PUSHPA LATHA 
KATKURI
Digitally signed by 
PUSHPA LATHA KATKURI 
Date: 2025.09.12 15:48:40 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 8 
 
 
SIS Limited 
Investor and Analyst Conference Call: M&A 
Transaction 
September 08, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RITURAJ SINHA – GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SIS LIMITED 
 
MR. BRAJESH KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SIS LIMITED 
 
MR. VINEET TOSHNIWAL – PRESIDENT – M&A AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – SIS LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the investor and analyst call announcement of 
a strategic transaction hosted by SIS Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing the star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand over the conference over to Mr. Vineet Toshniwal, President, M&A and Investor 
Relations from SIS Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Thank you very much, gentlemen, and it's a pleasure to host you all. At the outset with me is 
Mr. Rituraj Sinha, Group Managing Director, SIS; and Mr. Brajesh Kumar, who is the Chief 
Financial Officer. So, three of us will be hosting this call. Now as the call is titled, you've all 
seen in the news, we are very pleased to announce a very significant corporate development in 
SIS. It's been probably over 5 years since we have done any inorganic activity. After a gap of 5 
years, we are announcing this significant inorganic development. 
 
As you have seen in the news reports and exchange filings, we have acquired a significant stake, 
a 51% stake in A P Securitas. A P Securitas is very well established, over 40-year old firm, with 
a name all over India, which has a pan-India business and significant business across BFSI, 
which is almost one third of their portfolio, one of the key reasons that we found A P as very 
attractive apart from various other reasons as well. 
 
They serve marquee clients across various corporate sectors, which include banking, logistics, 
outsourcing, education. They have close to almost 40,000 people. I'm just using round numbers, 
just for simplicity. And revenues are roughly over INR 1,000 crore. We are yet to get the final 
audited numbers of FY '25. So, what we have available is FY '24. So, we are speaking mostly 
from FY '24 numbers. 
 
The significance of this transaction is that if you put APS, which is predominantly security, there 
is some element of FM as well, along with SIS security. Our FY '24 run rate on a pro rata basis 
goes to INR 6,100 crore, which probably makes us 2x the size of our nearest competitor. That's 
the kind of scale that we are talking about. It will strengthen our presence in all the core sectors, 
it will bring new client relationships and a high-quality workforce and last but not the least, a 
very high-quality management also. 
 
There will be obviously significant overlaps, which we will be working with on a complementary 
basis, synergizing our various operations across the country and hoping that we can extract 
significant synergies over the next 3 years from this asset. 
 
And as you've seen before in our past acquisitions also, we have always done a creeping style 
acquisition because we feel that in business services sector, which is predominantly people's 
business with hardly any assets to actually buy and which is mostly contracts. We have to derisk, 
and the structure works very well. It's a win-win for both. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
 
What we have acquired now is 51% and the balance will be acquired over a 3 to 4-year period. 
This will derisk our investment. Our investment target always has been stated previously by the 
MD. Also, we target a minimum ex IRR of 20%. And happy to say that the business case that 
we have built internally, we are well above this benchmark. 
 
With this, I think we are off to a good start in FY '26. We've been working on this for almost 1.5 
years. And you will see that once the closing happens, which is expected to be in at the minimum 
1 month, but the outset, I would say it could take 2 months also, hopefully, 1 month. So, you 
will see the consolidation happening in Q3 onwards, and then the actual numbers will be 
available once the consolidation happens. 
 
With this, I will just leave the floor open. I'm sure you guys have lots of questions, so we'll be 
happy to answer questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Neha, an Individual Investor. 
Neha: 
Could you please clarify the implied EV for A P Securitas and explain why the first tranche 
consideration of INR 73.4 crore appears low related to FY'25 revenue of INR 1,000 crore. 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Okay. I'll take this question. Currently, the transaction that we filed is 51% stake. What we have 
is an interim consideration. There are significant closing formalities, as I said, to be done and 
FY '25 audit yet to be closed. So, once we receive the audited balance sheet and we proceed to 
closing, adjusting for net debt and net working capital the exact EV will be determined. 
 
But somewhere, you can see the FY '24 balance sheet, and you can kind of do an approximate 
computation, and we'll be in the same ZIP code. I also think it's better not to go by the press 
reports because mostly they are kind of approximate, a little speculative also. So, we are not 
speaking from that benchmark. What we are talking is what we have uploaded on the exchanges. 
Neha: 
Okay. And I have one more question. Which key sectors and geographies does A P Securitas 
primarily serve? Or how does this align with the SIS existing portfolio? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Sure. So first, I'll give you the numbers and then maybe qualitatively. So, they are basically a 
pan-India brand. But however, more concentrated in North. Actually, it looks north of 60%, but 
the way this Company operates is slightly different from the way we operate. They operate 
mostly as a centralized company, where they target mostly pan-India contracts. So, their target 
is to basically go and approach all the corporates for a pan-India type of a mandate rather than 
regional mandates. 
 
So that's why in the distribution, it shows North as 60% and South and East and West, as 10%- 
12%. But however, I believe that if you look at it from a ground operation perspective, it will 
probably be evenly distributed across the country and their significant share comes from BFSI, 
which is, as I said in my opening comments on the call, which is 34% followed by logistics, 
followed by IT outsourcing, education and likes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kinshu Sultania from AKMV. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 8 
 
Kinshu Sultania: 
I'm just curious about the presence of concentration of the Government customers in APS 
overall? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Government business in APS? 
Kinshu Sultania: 
Correct. You had mentioned that it is primarily private sector client, so just confirming if that is 
the case or if they serve Governments and how big that is? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
This is Rituraj. APS draws less than 10% of its revenue from Government contracts all put 
together. So, 90% is non-Government business. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Anant Mundra with Mytemple Capital. 
Anant Mundra: 
Sir, could you give some approximate numbers on what is the debt and what's the net worth of 
the Company? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Okay. I will just come to it. Yes. So, the Company is having a net debt of approximately INR 
100 crore as of FY '24. As I said, FY '25 numbers are not yet computed. 
Anant Mundra: 
Okay. And what would the net worth be? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
INR 86 crore. 
Anant Mundra: 
INR 86 crore, all right. Got it. And I was just checking that the company also has one more 
subsidiary by the name of Vijayant Facility Management Services, which does not appear to be 
included in the disclosure that you put out. So just wanted to understand on that? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
As explained, the transaction a few years back, they bought this company and moved over all 
contracts to the parent company. So practically Vijayant is a defunct company. And as I said in 
the closing CPs, we have asked the outgoing promoter of APS to basically take out this company 
in his personal capacity and kind of shut down the operations. So, it won't be part of our takeover. 
Anant Mundra: 
Okay. Got it. And what's the split for the company between facility management and security? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Roughly 15% FM. 
Anant Mundra: 
Okay. And what kind of margins are they operating at? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
FY '24, again, FY '24 is 4.3% EBITDA margins and a reported PAT margin of 2.27%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Kinshu Sultania from AKMV. 
Kinshu Sultania: 
Sorry, I'm back here with another question. I also noticed that APS firmly talk about the security 
business, both in the traditional man-guarding business as well as the more digital side and e-
surveillance. So also, just curious how big the e-surveillance part is? And then just piggybacking 
off on that question, one of the reasons for our acquisition, I'm just curious how big of a role e-
surveillance has to play in that investment decision?  

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 8 
 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Okay. So, APS, one of the attractive points to look at this transaction was APS is an integrated 
model of man guarding and electronic services solutions. In fact, they basically focus on an 
approach of solution selling. So, we are not really segregating electronic surveillance business 
from their regular business because it's so integral to almost all the contracts that they are 
pitching and acquiring. But needless to say, that they are a very solution-focused, solutions-
oriented company. So that's what makes it attractive for us apart from the high growth CAGR 
of almost 18% in the past 3 years that we have done the due diligence for, right? So, it's been a 
fast-growing and a solutions-focused business approach. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Neha, an Individual Investor. 
Neha: 
Could you provide insight into the client concentration, any large customers which are 
contributing significantly to the revenue? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
I would say none. I mean it's just single-digit, largest customer would be just single-digits. So, 
it has a very well spread-out customer base. There is no client concentration risk in this business. 
Neha: 
Okay. And one more question. Is the business primarily driven from the manpower-driven 
guarding the services? Or does it include high-margin solutions such as technology, labour 
security surveillance or like can you just tell me the revenue mix? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
So just it was answered in the previous question, if you were listening on the call, again, just 
briefly, I'll repeat. We are not segregating electronic and guarding business because as I said, 
now the approach is basically an integrated solutions approach, which SIS follows, which APS 
also follows, in a way it's very similar culture. So, we are not really segregating electronic from 
standard man guarding. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vatsal Shah with Keystone Capital Management. 
Vatsal Shah: 
So I wanted to know, will this business be consolidated with the India Securities part? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Yes, yes. As I said, consolidation will happen in Q3. So, you will see the actual results in the Q3 
results. 
Vatsal Shah: 
Okay. And the margins for APS are around 4.5%, while our securities margin are around 5.5%. 
So, will the endeavour be to take this margin like expand it by 100 basis points? Or there will be 
overhang for some time? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
It will -- I mean. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Let me answer that. I think the key thing is that you cannot fix a percent or margin overnight. 
So, what you should factor in is that, on the security business in India, the margin overhang 
because of this transaction might be ballpark range of 0.1%. And at the group level, SIS group 
consol level, this will be probably a fraction of that. So, it will be maybe 30 bps, 50 bps, or 
lesser. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 8 
 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
More important is I would like to add to what Rituraj said. At a PAT level, we are actually quite 
even. In fact, it's insignificantly accretive but yet accretive. 
Vatsal Shah: 
And over time, let's say, 2 to 3 years, will this margin converge with our securities business like 
5.5% or like do you have any vision on that? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Yes, that's the plan. We believe that our security businesses on a blended basis, security business 
in India should be delivering close to 6% EBITDA margin. Same for our FM business in India, 
close to 6% EBITDA margin. So, we are traveling in that direction. 
Vatsal Shah: 
Got it. And how does the working capital cycle compared to us? Like is it similar or? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, as of right now, the DSO of APS is pretty much close to what SIS security is in the same 
65–70 days ballpark range. 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
I mean to add this, I think they have an efficient operation with the ROCE of almost 13.6%-
13.8%, right, which is close to our current running ROCE of 14.3%. So overall, a pretty tight 
run and very efficient operations. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anant Mundra with Mytemple Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Anant Mundra: 
Thank you for the follow-up. Just wanted to understand the rationale for the transaction better 
because APS is in very similar business as we are. So, what is it that we are really adding in 
terms of capabilities or clients? Or if you could just elaborate on that? That was the first question. 
And also, I think I've read in the past that in Vision 2030, we have some kind of a target to reach 
there. So how does this tie up with that Vision 2030 as well? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Thanks for that. This is Rituraj. I think first question; our M&A strategy is hinged around three 
basic ideas. Either we acquire for market share consolidation in a geography or market share 
consolidation in a particular customer segment or adding a service element that might be missing 
in our portfolio. 
APS is number two. APS is consolidation for market share in key segments like banking, 
logistics, which are very vital segments of our economy. APS is heavily concentrated in these 
segments. And that is the principal way we have witnessed it. 
Your second question was around Vision 2030. There are two operating ideas on which our 
Vision 2030 is built. One is to move from market leadership to market share. We want to build,  
double our market share in Security and FM in India. And second is to shift from services 
towards solutions. So, APS meets both those objectives very well. It not only adds to our market 
share, like Vineet was explaining earlier. 
With this acquisition, SIS Security business in India, on a monthly revenue basis would be run 
rating around INR 600 crore, which is close to twice the size of G4S, which is our nearest 
competitor. So, market share wise, it adds and like earlier, it was being answered, APS also is 
an integrated security service provider, they do a lot of electronic services as well. They are into 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
solutioning, which adds to our capability set very well. So, it fits our M&A strategy as well as 
our Vision 2030 strategy quite nicely. 
Anant Mundra: 
Okay, got it. And, I mean, safe to assume that they'll be working as an independent entity with 
their own branding. How would that work? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Yes. SIS intends to continue operating APS with its current management and its leadership team 
for the next 3 years at least, till it is a 100% owned subsidiary of SIS. As of now, they continue 
to operate. However, as a part of the deal, we have worked out a 3-year business plan, which has 
performance conditions, their exit multiple is directly linked to EBITDA growth, CAGR and the 
minimum margin they must maintain. 
It's a construct which incentivizes rapid growth and better margins over the next 3 years. After 
which, once we have 100% ownership and control, we will take a view at that stage how we 
intend to take it forward. 
Anant Mundra: 
 
Okay, got it. That's it from me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
There is a question, it's from the line of Shanti Gawas, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shanti Gawas: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know, for 51% of stakeholders, you will be 
paying INR 73.40 crore. So how much will be later pay? 
Vineet Toshniwal:  
How much will be…? 
Shanti Gawas: 
Later pay for 49%? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
So, 49%, as I said, it's a tranche-based structure. It's incentivised to the seller to deliver CAGR 
of EBITDA. And there are slabs like 15% plus or 20% plus, which changes the EBITDA 
multiple. So very hard to say. Anyways, we don't make forward-looking statements. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Let me help you. I think the question that you really wanted to figure out is, probably if I 
understand correctly. As of right now, the first tranche is happening at roughly 8.3x EBITDA 
multiple. There is a rachet structure that allows the seller to sell up to 9x if they perform very 
well. But there is also a flow should they underperform, one could buy those shares at a lower 
multiple. 
Ballpark, I think what the two things that should give you comfort is, that we are acquiring 
Tranche 1 at 8.3x subject to certain adjustments. And second, that on an ex-IRR basis, in a base 
case scenario, this deal should be delivering more than 21% IRR for SIS Group. Both in terms 
of returns and in terms of entry multiples, it is well within the safe zone. And I might add to that, 
that this deal is funded through internal accruals only. 
Our net debt-to-EBITDA continues to remain sub 1x. Net debt to EBITDA remains well within 
1x even post paying for this transaction. So, in summary, this is a deal which is accretive. It fits 
well with our strategy. It is funded internally. It does not put the company's balance sheet under 
pressure. And I think being one of the faster growing companies in the security industry and the 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
September 08, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 8 
 
sixth largest security company in the country, it is a good fit for SIS and it will help us move 
forward towards our Vision 2030 objectives. 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
All right. Thank you, gentlemen, and I hope we could answer all your questions. If there are any 
further questions, you can write to the Investor Relations ID of SIS. We'll be happy to engage 
further. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of SIS Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
