 
 
OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
Formerly Stelis Biopharma Limited
CIN: L74140MH2007PLC432497
info@onesourcecdmo.com  |  www.onesourcecdmo.com 
Corporate Oﬃce: 
Star 1, Opp IIM Bangalore, Bilekahalli, 
BannerghaƩa Road, Bengaluru – 
560076, India 
T: +91 80 6784 0738
Registered Oﬃce: 
Cyber One, Unit No. 902, Sector 30A,  
Plot No - 4 & 6, Vashi,  
Navi Mumbai - 400703, India 
T: +91 22 2789 2924 
F: +91 22 2789 2942
Date: August 11, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 544292 
ISIN:  INE013P01021 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: ONESOURCE 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call pertaining to unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed the transcript of earnings call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, conducted after the meeting of Board 
of Directors held on August 04, 2025, for your information and records.  
 
Request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
 
For OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
Trisha A 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership Number: A47635 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Trisha A
Digitally signed by 
Trisha A 
Date: 2025.08.11 
22:55:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited  
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: ARUN KUMAR – FOUNDER & NON-EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRPERSON – ONESOURCE SPECIALTY PHARMA 
LIMITED 
 
NEERAJ SHARMA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – ONESOURCE SPECIALTY 
PHARMA LIMITED 
 
ANURAG BHAGANIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ONESOURCE SPECIALTY PHARMA LIMITED 
 
ABHISHEK SINGHAL – ONESOURCE SPECIALTY 
PHARMA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to OneSource Speciality Pharma Limited Q1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for the earnings 
conference call of OneSource Speciality Pharma Limited for the first quarter of financial year 
2026. We are pleased to have with us Arun, Founder and Non-Executive Chairperson, Mr. 
Neeraj Sharma, CEO and MD, and Mr. Anurag Bhagania, CFO of the company, who will walk 
you through the key business and financial highlights for the quarter. 
I trust you have had the opportunity to review our results release and the quarterly investor 
presentation, both of which are available on our website, as well as the stock exchange website. 
The transcript for this call will be posted on the company's website within the next week. Please 
note that today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature, which should be viewed in 
context of risk inherent in our business. 
 
Should you have any further questions after this call, our Investor Relations team will be happy 
to assist you. I now hand over the call to Arun to make his opening remarks. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you. Thank you, Abhishek. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us early this 
morning. I'm very pleased to be joining this call today along with my colleagues from OneSource 
Specialty. I'll make my opening commentary very short and leave the floor to Anurag and Neeraj 
to discuss both the business and the financial outcomes of the company. 
First of all, I think we have had a good quarter. We have basically already guided the Street that 
we will have a muted H1. We are in line. Our performances are in line with those expectations. 
Most of you are aware that bulk of our growth trajectory comes from our business in the DDC 
segment, which is basically GLPs. And many of you know those markets open up only towards 
Q4 of this year. 
 
We obviously will not in today's call be discussing anything about matters related to our ongoing 
judicial matters with Novo along with our partner, Dr. Reddy's, as this matter is sub judice. We 
will also, after Neeraj's and Anurag's opening statements, I will give you a little overview on the 
inorganic transactions, which are related party. And therefore, I would like to present a 
perspective on that and how that's coming about.  Now, I leave the floor to Neeraj to start his 
opening comments. Thanks, Neeraj. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Thank you. Thank you, Arun. And welcome, everyone, to our Q1 '26 results. I'm very pleased 
to share the progress that we are making on our path to meet the growth aspirations which we 
have laid out, which is to be a $400 million revenue company organically by FY '28. Or as Arun 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
just mentioned, and he'll give the details later, this number could be significantly higher if the 
inorganic opportunities come to pass. 
As we outlined in our previous earnings call that FY '26 is a significant inflection point for our 
business as we transition from our pre-approval revenues to our commercial revenues in our 
DDC portfolio. So our first half of the year primarily will be focusing, as Arun just mentioned, 
on executing our MSAs, while the second half will be driven by the commercial supplies of 
Semaglutide, obviously subject to the fact that our customers will get approvals. 
And as a part of this journey and the transition, our Q1 performance has been in line with our 
expectations, where we have delivered growth both on top line and on EBITDA. In fact, 
EBITDA growing quite robustly at 37% versus last year and the EBITDA margin being up 500 
basis points. 
 
Anurag, my colleague, will walk you through the financials in more detail. And as far as our 
manufacturing operations are considered, this quarter was focused primarily on strengthening 
our readiness for commercial supplies in H2. And that's where our DDC business, drug device 
combination business, continues to deliver a very strong momentum. 
Our order book remains very solid. And in fact, all of our customers who are going to be 
launching the product as the markets open up later this fiscal, have actually raised and revised 
their forecast upwards, in fact, which is very conducive. And the fact that all these contracts are 
supported by take or pay, this really reinforces our confidence in the trajectory ahead and basis 
that we are actually accelerating our Phase 2 of capacity expansion in drug device combinations. 
And while this is still within the overall $100 million capex plan, which we have announced 
earlier, but the entire implementation will be completed a year ahead of schedule. So which, as 
you see, reinforces the confidence what our customers and we have. Going away from drug 
device combination, another key highlight this quarter was our strategic partnership with Xbrane 
in Biologics, which is a leading Swedish biotech company. 
 
This collaboration really strengthens drug substance business and accelerates also the regulatory 
inspection of our drug substance site. Along with Biologics, our focused business development 
activities have been expanding our funnel across our business offerings. We have added multiple 
new RFPs and secured new deals in the quarter. 
Now, along with the business moving in the right direction, what really gives us a matter of 
really strong pride for us is our compliance track record, which was once again reaffirmed this 
quarter as we saw successful back-to-back inspections and approvals by USFDA and ANVISA, 
which really, really shows our commitment to quality. 
In fact, during the quarter, apart from these two, we have had almost 25 inspections done by 
either our regulatory agencies or our customers across all our sites, and all these have been 
successful. Along with this, we also continue to invest in the leadership and in building the 
organization, which is really key to supporting our growth. 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
In fact, we have announced recent appointments, which both to our Board and to our leadership 
team. These have really added strategic and commercial depth to our organization on one side, 
and on the other, really reinforced our commitment to maintaining a very high standard of 
governance, which we and the group is really known for. Of course, we saw really exciting 
development last evening. Our Board has given a go-ahead for us to evaluate the potential 
transactions. Arun will be giving more details on this. And these really have a very good fit with 
our injectable business and will give us a global footprint. Of course, we will keep providing 
updates on this as these go along. 
Finally, I just want to say that all the hard work which we have done, our teams have done 
together with the customers during the MSA phase is now on the verge of coming to fruition, 
and we are really looking forward in the coming quarters, especially in the second half of this 
year, really excited that the commercial supplies will begin. We really thank all of you for your 
continued support. 
 
And I will now hand over to Anurag to take us through our financial highlights. 
Anurag Bhagania: 
Thank you. Thank you, Neeraj, and a very warm welcome to everyone joining us on the call 
today. I am pleased to present our financial performance for the first quarter FY '26. As Neeraj 
mentioned earlier, Q1 FY '26, we reported revenues of INR 3,273 million. It reflects a 12% 
growth year-over-year. The profitability for the quarter EBITDA grew 37% to INR 885 million, 
with margins improving to 27% in this quarter and translating a 500 bps margin improvement. 
Adjusted PAT for the quarter is about INR 371 million compared to a negative PAT on 
comparable previous year. Adjusted earnings per share on a fully diluted basis stands at INR 3.2 
per share. As you all know, our PAT and EPS is adjusted for exceptional items and amortization 
of scheme-related intangibles. 
As we mentioned earlier, our target debt-to-EBITDA to stay below 1.5x during the course of 
this year as we are accelerating some of our capex investments. The timing of these investments, 
there may be a few quarters as we see where this might go slightly higher than 1.5x, but we are 
fully committed to get back. This is a temporary phenomenon and we are expecting to get back 
well in time to the same number that we did earlier. 
I want to highlight on the back of the previous quarter where we had a credit rating upgrade, this 
quarter again we had another upgrade. Proud to say that OneSource is now part of the A family. 
This development is reflective of continued confidence in our financial management and 
provides better access to capital and on much better terms. 
 
As you know, over the last few quarters we have prepaid significant amount of high-cost debt 
and we are consciously balancing our approach to leverage access to capital and debt along with 
our internal accruals and customer participation in our capex programs. Looking ahead, we 
continue to build scale and capability investing into the future of the business. 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
We reinforce our earlier guidance on the financial metrics and expect to be 1.5x EBITDA on our 
debt metric. The quarter continues to be extremely transformative for OneSource and we have 
made significant progress over the years and what we see ahead of us sounds even more exciting 
and we are looking forward to that. Thank you once again and we are very happy to take 
questions. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
We want Arun’s statement. Arun? 
Arun Kumar: 
Thanks, Neeraj and Anurag. So I just want to give a little bit of overview of these two assets and 
the background behind it. So, as you all know that OneSource is a culmination of an NCLT 
process where three parts of the businesses of the group combined and at that time both the 
Polish facilities and the Baroda joint venture with Brooks was still in the making and was 
complicating the NCLT process. 
As part of our roadshows pre-IPO, we as promoters made commitments to investors that we 
would bring our CDMO assets in the group or in the family office under the OneSource umbrella 
and this announcement, subject to various approvals, is the beginning of that commitment that 
we made as promoters. 
 
In terms of the businesses, the Polish facility is a US FDA approved plant with very significant 
capacities and it is approved both for pharmaceuticals and biologics. As we speak, we are 
currently fully committed for our capacities. We manufacture for marquee customers including 
Europe's largest anesthetic branded product which is currently contracted to be manufactured on 
a very long-term basis with our facility in Poland. 
The plant is also approved by all other regulatory agencies like the European agencies obviously 
being in Poland, but also in Australia and Canada. More importantly, this also gives us the ability 
to kind of de-risk the concentration risk that our customers have been emphasizing. While we 
have no capacities available for sterile injectables, the plant has got ample space to expand to 
GLPs and we believe that it is pertinent for OneSource to have an additional site to take care of 
the increasing demand or increasing customer concentrations that we have and the risks attached 
to those what our customers have been asking us to de-risk. 
 
So we have the option -- we have an option to set up an additional line in time for the markets 
in both Europe and US to open up and that would give customers, I believe, a stronger sense of 
relief. Coming to the second facility which is our -- the plant in Baroda which is a partnership 
with Brooks, we had acquired 51% of this company several years ago. Since then, the company 
has been transformed to have completed a US FDA approval inspection rather. 
 
We have invested heavily to now have an integrated capability because in the antibiotic space, 
API control especially for sterile is important. So, this facility has got a captive API conversion 
capability which it will captively use. We also have our first products approved in the US and 
that's a very unique strength of penem which we are again the first company to launch that 
product and it will also have the ability to offer Ertapenem in its lyophilised forms in the next 
couple of months when we expect approvals from the US, we are already approved in the 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
European market. Our capacity has been contracted quite significantly. This business, both these 
businesses in Poland and in Baroda report very healthy numbers. We currently have 
approximately $65 million of revenues for this year with an EBITDA in the 36% to 40% range 
and fully booked and committed to deliver $100 million of revenues at the bare minimum in the 
next year and that's $36 million to $40 million of EBITDA. 
The business is expected -- the whole transaction is going -- will go through a new NCLT 
process, which will take approximately 12 to 18 months and go through the rigors of SEBI 
approval, pre-approval before we file to the NCLT followed by shareholders’ approval which 
will include a fairness opinion by a first class banker and then of course it will be a function of 
additional shares based on valuation. All of these are early days. 
 
At this time, we only have an independent committee of three Directors being formed to evaluate 
these options and once that comes through and there is alignment between the shareholders and 
OneSource, we will obviously take it through the next steps. We believe that both these assets 
will add significant value to the long-term plans of OneSource which obviously will also mean 
that our targeted revenue of $400 million with $160 will now have an upward trajectory in excess 
of $500 million and in slightly in excess of $200 million of EBITDA. 
Both these businesses on closure would be near debt free or under $7 million to $8 million of 
debt on a $40 million of EBITDA run rate for '27. And like I said, the book is fully contracted, 
so these are not a business case, but more a contracted business that we will look at as to vend 
into OneSource. 
 
It will not require, apart from an equity dilution, it will not require OneSource to lever any kind 
of debt or add debt to its books, so this will be accretive from that nature, but obviously these 
are very early days and we will keep our investors and analysts’ community fully updated as we 
progress on this. 
I have a hard stop at 9:45, so I'll be happy to take questions related to any specifics that you guys 
may have. But Neeraj and Anurag and the rest of the team would be more than happy to address 
your queries and as always, we are available for one-on-one conversations or through our 
investor desk. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Anand Mundra from Soar Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Anand Mundra: 
Good morning, sir. Sir, my questions are related to Canada market. So what is your view? How 
many players would be launching in this market during the first phase and how many generic 
player market would be there in Semaglutide in Canada? That was my first question sir. I have 
two more questions. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Yes, I'll just answer this. So, your guess is as good as ours. We are seeing right now there are a 
few companies who have filed in Canada. Now which ones will get approval, we really don't 
know. But our guess is these are complex products. So we don't expect the market to be crowded 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
as when the market gets formed. So, in our view, there will be at least at the time of launch, there 
will be a limited number of players into the market. 
Anand Mundra:  
Okay. Sir, second question with respect to approval. So what is your assessment or sense on 
January 2026 as a launch for Sema generics? Is there any risk of delay for approval? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Yes, again, what I would only say here is that these are complex products. But also the 
companies which who have filed are some of the biggest and the top generic players who are 
used to handling complex products, who are used to getting approvals. We have already seen 
some companies getting approvals of Liraglutide, both in Europe and in the US. I think that 
that gives confidence that companies will get approval. Now when that approval comes and who 
comes first, I think it's really very difficult for anyone to answer that. 
Anand Mundra:  
Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thanks for taking my question. Two questions. Neeraj, on the capacity that you talked about, 
now if you can just clarify, when does the 200 million capex plan from here on? Or when does 
the 200 million vial capacity come through, or cartridge capacity come through now? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
So, Nitin, what we had said, right, that we will be the capex we are building, we will be having 
all capacity up and running by FY '28. Now we have actually brought it up significantly because 
we have advanced our third line actually also earlier. So we would be having now this capacity, 
all capacity up and qualified by end of calendar 2026. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And secondly, you also mentioned in your comments about increasing customers, 
increasing their -- increasing the order sizes, new customers coming on with a lot of take and 
pay agreements along with it. So if you can just probably help us understand, A, what proportion 
of the capacity that right now, I mean, is covered right now with the sort of firm contracts? And 
generally speaking, is it fair to assume that all of this capacity is backed by take-or-pay? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
So I can, I mean, what I would say here is that the months which we are launching, especially 
the markets which are opening up early starting January next year, all the customers who are 
scheduled or planning to launch in all these markets, all have take-or-pay contracts. We have 
take-or-pay contracts with all of them. 
And they will take up significant part of the capacity, especially over the next anywhere between 
18 to 24 months, because as the launches ramp up and the volumes ramp up in the market, they 
will -- that's what we are looking at if it answers your question. Arun, please. 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. Nitin, just to add to what Neeraj is mentioning and to be very specific, at this time we have 
capacities only for 40 million units. It's safe to assume that a large part of that will be consumed 
for the early markets that are opening up. And as you know that the early markets that are 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
opening up are only mainly Canada and then Brazil and Saudi Arabia, and of course, a lot of 
emerging markets. 
To that extent, we are now very confident that our capacity is very largely sold on the take-or-
pay concepts that Neeraj is alluding to. The incremental capacities would, it's a function of us 
first having the equipments up and running. I think what we are saying is that we believe that 
the demand is significantly greater than what we had anticipated in terms of timing. And 
therefore, we are bringing forward the capex and the capacity for 26 technically would be only 
from that 40 million unit and from 2027 onwards, we'll have a significantly larger number. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
If I could make a last one on that, Arun, there's been a lot of this news around the Novo Nordisk  
cutting the guidance for '26, kind of in '25, and the concerns around the outlook for Semaglutide. 
And how is -- how are your clients reacted to it? And is there any change the way we're looking 
at the business side? 
Arun Kumar: 
We share your concerns, Nitin, but it's just the fact that we are a CDMO and we go by what our 
customers contract with us, right? And at this time, they are increasing forecasts, willing to pay 
upfronts, and we can only go by that. 
We believe that an improved price point, and there is obviously no worse we can't specifically 
comment on a company, but I think it's also to do with pricing and patients falling off the regime 
fairly quickly. I think price points, which the generic industry generally does, will enhance the 
market quite significantly. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
 I think to Arun's point exactly, that it's -- what we see is that whatever Novo is talking about in 
the US is also that they are losing to compounders. So the overall volume is in the US is still 
getting maintained. And the same that once the generics come in, especially in the markets where 
-- which are opening up over the next year or so, I think a significant volume driver will be just 
access. Access to product, which is not there today, will drive and the price delta between 
Tirzepatide and Sema generic will continue to drive. So we are very confident as our customers 
are over the next couple of years. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
If I can take one last one, after the permission, in the presentation, we talk about nine NCE-1 
molecules, barring, so which are these -- what are the timelines for these, for these molecules to 
be coming in the market? And they, I mean, do they include, how many of GLP-1s are in this 
NCE-1? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
This is a very specific question, how I would just like to say that these are very important 
opportunities and NCE-1 generally are, they are of various molecules, there are GLPs, there are 
non-GLPs, there are oral technology, there are injectables, all across all our modalities. And 
these will start entering the market over the next couple of years. And we'll keep you posted as 
these come up. 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thank you, sir. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So first question is on, I know you have the capacity 
expansion. So you mentioned about expediting the 200 million cartridges by the end of CY '26. 
So based on today and the kind of outlook from what your customers are giving, is there a plan 
to further expand this from where we are or where we have committed in terms of the cartridge 
capacity? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
So I think, as you see, right, that this is a moving market, right? What we knew a year back is 
very different from what we know now, and market continues to evolve. And we are 
continuously engaged with our customers, as we mentioned, based upon our customer forecast, 
we have picked, we have advanced our capex program. 
 
And if it is required later on, and our customers want, we would be doing that. Arun already 
mentioned that if the assets especially the one in Poland, if it comes, we do end up closing that 
position. That's an area where we would be doing our next expansion. So we are open and we 
are thoroughly engaged with the market development. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Understood. And, sir, in our revenue guidance and EBITDA guidance for FY '28, we are not 
factoring the Poland and Baroda facilities, what is getting evaluated, is that right? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Yes, that's correct. We have mentioned that $400 million revenue we gave was through organic 
growth. And if we do end up closing these acquisitions, it will be significant. Arun already 
mentioned that FY '27 numbers for these will be about $100 million revenue, about 40% 
EBITDA. So these would add significantly to our guidance. And once it is closed, we will be 
sharing a revised guidance. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Okay. Understood. And just lastly on your current quarter performance. So if I have to see the 
current quarter, can you throw some color on how the three segments of the business would have 
performed? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
So, I think as we have said, that all parts of our businesses have performed. Obviously, the drug 
device combination, a lot of work, we executed a lot of MSAs. So it's always the key driver. But 
at the same time, our injectable and soft gelatine business also did. Both our base business soft 
gelatine and injectable have some seasonality built in because as you know, antibiotics are 
seasonal. 
Some of the large cold products are seasonal. So, it had some seasonality built in into that part 
of the business. But let's say all businesses, all our service offerings have delivered basis our 
expectations. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Got it, sir. Thank you and I will jump back to the queue. 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav from Fidelity. Please go ahead. 
Madhav: 
Hi, good morning. Thank you so much for your time. I just wanted to get some more additional 
views on the commentary that you made about customers significantly revising their guidance 
upwards for the, I mean, for the Semaglutide supplies. Could you give us some sense in terms 
of how the volumes could play out in markets like Canada, Brazil, where the innovator was 
present already? 
And maybe some of the markets, other EMs where they probably didn't launch or were in early 
phase of launch as well, like including India. So, and what's changed when you say forecast is 
higher. So maybe in the last 2 to 3 months since our Q4 call, why are they revising their guidance 
upwards? Just wanted to get some more feedback. Thank you. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Yes, I think what I would really like to say here is that it's all a matter of access, right? The 
numbers which you see right now in IQVIA in both Canada, Brazil, and some of the other 
markets are primarily a factor of supply. It is not a factor of the inherent demand, the patient 
population, the incidence of diabetes and obesity, which is very significant in these markets. But 
the numbers have been really constrained by the supplies from Novo. 
And if we do the right analysis on how the patient population is, we will realize that these 
markets are really underserved. And with generics coming in, we see the access is what is going 
to drive the volume. And as whichever market, you see the products coming in, the market's 
expanding. A very clear example also is India, where moment the product is launched, you see 
a significant uptake, and we see the same picture in these. And I think on that basis, the customers 
have increased their forecast. 
Madhav: 
Got it. And just to follow-up there, if you could maybe give some feedback separately for 
markets like Canada and Brazil, where innovator was present there, what's your sense on sort of 
volume in calendar year '24 or '25, how the run rate is, how the volumes could expand as generic 
opportunity opens up? 
And maybe if my understanding is right, there are like 80 plus emerging markets where 
Semaglutide generics can be launched. Could you give a ballpark number in terms of how many 
of these countries Novo didn't launch itself? So these could be like new markets where generics 
probably formed the market in the first place. Thank you. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Yes, so to your first point on both Canada and Brazil, while Novo had launched, but again, as I 
said, the supply had been really constrained. If you know that Novo has really been focused on 
supplying the markets, which are primarily US and Western Europe. And these markets had very 
limited supply. 
I mean, just, we have the 2024 number of total GLP-1s in Canada, for example, at just about 12-
12.5 million. And I think for us, it's clear, and same as Brazil, it's less than half. We see both 
these markets to be significantly more. And end of the day, obviously, we as CDMO have to 
follow what our customers say. 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
I mean, our customers are the who's who of the generic industry. And I think there is nobody 
better than them to really forecast the market. So, we just make sure that our customer demand 
is met, and we are set to meet that forecast. 
Madhav: 
Yes, and just a follow-up on the emerging markets where out of the 80 plus countries, where 
Novo didn't launch itself? Any, very broad number is fine. Like, don't need an exact number, 
but it's like 30 countries, 40 countries where Novo would have launched? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
I don't have, I can come back to the specific data. But I can say that it's many of these markets, 
Novo didn't launch. I mean, you can have a clear example that the diabetic capital of the world, 
the second largest diabetic population of the world, India, they launched as recent as a month 
back, right. 
 
So, so many, many markets, they have not launched. We don't have that number, we can come 
back to you. But market formation in those markets will help and our customers, we have global 
customers, and global customers have global footprint. So, when we supply to them, it's for our 
customers to choose which market they would like to supply. 
Madhav: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from Shree Rama Managers 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. And I must appreciate Arun for bringing all the 
injectable assets in OneSource. So, it's really appreciable and my best wishes for the scheme and 
the whole process. I have two questions, one on Xbrane and one on Brazil. So, in Brazil, sir, will 
both Ozempic and Wegovy will be launched in 2026 or Wegovy is a little later? 
And then are we present at market formation in Brazil? Are we part of Wave 1 launches? And 
then how is the client concentration in the Brazil? Are we dependent on a single large customer 
or there are multiple large customers? So, this is the question one on Brazil. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Yes. So, Brazil, obviously, we are seeing both ways, First launch is of Ozempic. But the way 
the Brazilian patent regime works, they don't normally allow any change, any separate patent 
expiry for the same molecule. So, it is likely that they will come. But again, that's for our 
customers to answer and handle. 
From a customer point of view, I can tell you that we have a large customer base, which includes 
global customers, regional leaders, country specific leaders. So, we have a fairly diverse 
customer base. It is true, not only for Brazil, it is true for the whole for the global market. And I 
think that's where, which is true also for Brazil. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Just clarification, we will be present at market formation in Brazil as well, right? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
So, again, if our customers get approval, so we have already said that we, our site got a ANVISA 
approval. And we are all set, we are all ready from all our approvals point of view. But obviously, 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
it will depend upon our customers' product approval in the market for us to be there, for them to 
be there at market formation. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Yes, fair enough, sir. And then on Xbrane, sir, I think the press release… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Rupesh, may we request you to return to the question queue for a follow-
up? 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
I just asked one. I had one more on Xbrane. So, I think if you can give opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Please, please go ahead. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Yes. So, what is the quantum of investment, sir, in Xbrane? It wasn't mentioned, I think, in the 
press release. And then when do we expect the technology transfer process for Ranibizumab to 
begin? And in which year, can you give some timeline on when can we see some 
commercialization of this molecule? And then finally, how many more future products this 
partnership will have? This is a question on Xbrane. Yes. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Yes. So, Rupesh, Xbrane, as I said, it's Swedish biotech, very strong R&D capabilities, very 
strong pipeline. And with this investment, we have access to their pipeline and the fact that some 
of the assets which they already have will get transferred. They have assets in -- the products 
which they manufacture outside could come to us. 
And the tech transfer, to your question, when the tech transfer will start? I think the, in fact, the 
process is already initiated. This is a biologics product. It's a pretty long tech transfer process. 
So, we expect the tech transfer to be completed over the next 12 to 18 months. And that will also 
trigger our inspection, both from Europeans as well as from FDA. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. But the investment amount, can you give some range, sir, INR 100 crores, INR 50 crores, 
INR 200 crores, some range, what would be our investment in the Xbrane? Yes. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
I think, I don't think that's what we are discussing right now. As I said, the investment is for us 
to get access and we have a stake in the company. I think we will leave it at that for now. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishabh Gang from Sacheti Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Thank you for the opportunity. You give a lot of information regarding the acquisition of the 
two plants. Just wanted to ask, how do we see the return ratios and payback for such acquisition? 
That's my first question. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
So I think, as Arun mentioned, right, we have initiated, the process is just initiated, right? We've 
just had the Board approval to start the evaluation process. So even now we are going to be 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
engaging bankers for valuation and so on. So, once that is done, I think we will be able to come 
back to you. If Arun would like to add something. Arun, please. 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. Neeraj, thanks. So I think to answer your point, first of all, although we have interests 
across various companies, you need to appreciate that we will not recommend a transaction 
unless it meets all the governance criteria. And that is why we have a very robust governance 
process across group companies to ensure that the minority shareholder interests are of the 
highest order. 
We believe that these transactions will be accretive and typically all transactions that we have 
done should be accretive to the listed company. Like Neeraj mentioned, this is early days. You 
will have the opportunity to evaluate your question when you see the data that should be 
available in the next couple of months when all the advisors and the fairness opinion is out. And 
I think that would be an appropriate time for us to have more pointed questions around that. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. The second question was regarding the compounded GLP. Like, if you 
can tell how big is the compounded GLP market right now? And do we also target this kind of 
a market, or are customers targeting compounded GLP? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
No, compounding is a phenomenon which is unique to the US and few countries in Western 
Europe. Where -- but how big the size of this market is anybody's guess. Simply because this 
market, there is no fixed for the molecule. It is whatever molecules are in shortage, the 
compounders are allowed to compound. That's how the compounding market works. So there is 
no fixed size of this market. 
 
Obviously, because of the huge shortage, which was there in the US both for Novo and for Lilly, 
they were allowed to compound. And I think at their peak, they were able to get a very significant 
share, anywhere between 8% to 10% of the total share they were able to take. Now that the FDA 
has withdrawn or asked them to stop compounding, it's anybody's guess. 
 
But I think its important thing is what it shows is that there is very significant demand in the 
market, which if whether it's Novo or when there are generic launches will come, the patients 
are all available to take the product. 
Rishabh Gang: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
Yes. Thanks for this opportunity. I got two questions. Question one is on the potential M&A that 
you are again embarking on. So is it more of the same or it brings the additional capabilities 
either in terms of technology or in terms of customer? I know you would have -- you have 
already indicated earlier, but a brief rewind would be helpful. How does it add up to in terms of 
value to OneSource? Question one. And I'll ask the second question after that. 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Neeraj Sharma: 
So, I think I mentioned and Arun also mentioned, these -- if, obviously, if approved, these sites 
bring in significant strength to our core injectable business. They add multiple capabilities. They 
add to our existing capabilities. They are very synergistic to the fact that we have our penems 
add to our antibiotic franchise, which is already there with penicillin. We have a very significant 
expansion to the US business. The customers are some new and some common, so it increases 
leverage with them. 
 
And a very important point which this covers is that, this acquisition would give us a global 
footprint, which is very key for a global CDMO like OneSource. And obviously, the Polish site 
has got huge expansion capability to add our drug device combination suite there to service our 
both European and American customers. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. The second question was, we have been focusing on generics. Any thought on being part 
of innovator or what are the challenges over there? And would this Polish acquisition help you 
to be part of the innovator supply chain? Especially what after the Catalent deal which has 
happened, you are in a sweet spot in that sense. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Absolutely. Your point you're making is absolutely valid. So, just to say that we already have 
innovator customers. In fact, we said that in our biologics business, we already have innovator 
customers with a new biologic entity. So -- and we continue to add. But your point on the Polish 
entity facilitating addition of innovator customers, especially the ones with the next wave of 
GLPs, it will really facilitate working with innovators. 
Chirag Shah: 
Would you like to just call out what part of the revenue, what percentage of revenue would be 
coming from innovator for Polish? A broad range also would be fine. If you can help us 
understand, it would be helpful. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
So, I think as a CDMO, we really do not look at specifically what kind of customers it is, as long 
as it is diversified, as long as we have the capability. So, we don't really do this segregation here, 
but we would be happy in the long-term once the business has stabilized, especially in the 
biologics field, we would be able to share as we progress. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suvaan Mittal from MFC. Please go ahead. 
Suvaan Mittal: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just have one question. In continuation to a previous 
con call, you had mentioned that we aim to be significant player in high viscous prefilled 
syringes. So, is these two acquisitions of USFDA facility one of the first steps to create a 
foundation in the specialty injectables, mainly with a vision of being a significant player in that? 
And secondly, if we can be a significant player, can we somewhere mirror our growth and scale 
in DDCs and some 2-3 year perspective on that? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
So, you're talking about the new site we mentioned today, right? That’s… 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Suvaan Mittal: 
Yes, yes, yes. In continuation to a previous con call, where you had mentioned that we aim to 
be significant players in the longer term, first of all, to injectables. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Yes. You know that, right, that we have a very long legacy in the group to be a strong sterile 
injectable player. And these sites which come in, they both, they supplement our capabilities 
and complement capabilities which we don't have. And whether it's in the area of ampules, an 
area which we don't have right now in OneSource, to the area of a very large manufacturing of 
vials. 
Again, it increases our scale of manufacturing at multiple times because of very large capacities 
which are there, especially in the Polish site, pre-filled syringes get added. So, both, as I said, 
complementary to what we do and adds capacity to what we are doing. And the very fact that 
there are significant more, I mean, we all know everybody follows the patent expiries which are 
coming over the next 5-6 years in biologics. 
We also need to look at the significant number of patent expiries coming in the field of sterile 
injectables. So, we are and want to remain a very significant CDMO partner in this area of 
injectables and this acquisition will strengthen our game there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mehul Panjwani from 40 cents. Please go ahead. 
Mehul Panjwani: 
Hello, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, I have one question I have is about the 
commentary you mentioned that the revenues will pick up from the second half of the year. And 
also you mentioned about Q4, there'll be a lot of pickups by the customers. So, can you please 
elaborate. I am new to the company. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Yes, I think it's what we just mentioned that, our first half is about executing our MSAs in our 
drug device combination business and readiness for commercial manufacturing and launches. 
And we will be manufacturing, we have got confirmed purchase orders from a number of 
customers and the manufacturing will be done in the second half. And as the approvals come in 
and as the patent expires, that's how the revenues will start coming in from the second half from 
all the Semaglutide launch. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Gupta from Sagun Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhruv Gupta: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my question. My question was beyond GLP-1, are there any other 
therapeutic areas or delivery platforms where you see potential for platform expansion? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Yes, absolutely. So, I think I have mentioned earlier in previous earnings calls that our strength 
in OneSource is drug device combinations, right? So, and products which -- where there is an 
interface between drug and device. And that's what is key. We have got today 10 different 
molecules in the drug device combination, which we are working for our customers. And only 
three of these molecules are GLPs. 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
So, you can imagine that there is a very large expertise which we have. We have expertise in 
filling drug device combination, in assembling them end-to-end. And now you see most of or a 
lot of new R&D and products getting approved are in the area of self-administration. And self-
administration is really supported by drug device combination. 
And you see products which we, our first product approved in US for our customer is a non-
GLP drug device combination. Our first product approved in Europe is a product which is a drug 
device combination in biosimilar area. So, we are always working on various products in drug 
device combination outside of GLPs. And outside of drug device combination, our very strong 
business both in sterile injectable and the soft gelatine is really -- strengthens our core base. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question for the day is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
Yes. Good morning. Two questions. One is on our two products, Liraglutide and Teriparatide. 
We were supposed to launch these products in Europe for a while now. Can you talk about the 
revised timelines? Do we expect this quarter it will take two, three more quarters? And what is 
causing this delay? That is question number one. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Yes. So, Liraglutide already you said our customers have got approvals. It's also CDMO is not 
always dependent upon one side. It's both dependent on customers and customer priorities and 
customer's ability to supply us all the material, because our job here is to manufacture as per 
customer's requirement and also customer's priorities, right? So, it's key for that. So, that's what 
I would say. 
 
Having said that, Liraglutide for Europe, we have already manufactured this quarter. And our 
customer will be launching the product and Teriparatide is exactly the same. In fact, we've 
already manufactured for our customers and it all, the actual launch will depend upon, again, as 
I said, customer's options and when they want to launch. 
Aman Vij: 
So, is it expected in, say, first half of this year or next second half of this year, both the launches? 
Neeraj Sharma: 
So, we have, both -- in fact, we have both for us. For us, both the products have been 
manufactured. And as far as OneSource is concerned the launch will be in first half. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. My second and final question is on the GLP-1 market. So, could you talk about how 
important is India market according to you for us utilizing that, say, 40 million and 100 million, 
at least the 100 million fill finish capacity we have? Do you think Indian market can be, like, as 
big as Canada or Brazil market or it will be much smaller market? 
And just to complete this thought, do you think at least for next 1-2 years, given we are present 
with almost most of the customers who are launching in India, Brazil, even Canada, do we expect 
we will have almost like 40%-50% kind of market share in Semaglutide generics in the next 2 
years? 

 
                                                                               OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Okay. So, on India, so, if you see, obviously, at the face of it, India is the second largest diabetic 
population in the world. So, there is a very, very strong inherent demand, which is there. Now, 
whether we will supply or, for us, it all depends upon our customers. We have global customers, 
and if India is their market, they would launch. 
We, as a CDMO, are completely geography agnostic, right? It doesn't matter. We will supply. 
We have agreements with the customer, and they decide where -- whichever market they want 
to supply. So, I cannot really say whether they will supply or not to India, but, yes, we are open, 
and we are open to supply in all markets. 
To your question on our shares, we have really global who's who of generic companies, whether 
it is the global leaders, the regional leaders, leaders in specific large markets, and I don't know 
what next 2 years, but in steady state, if we see looking at our customer base, it could be 
anywhere up to a third, at least, of the generic market as it develops, could be serviced by the 
customer segment, which we have. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. Thank you for answering the question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Neeraj Sharma: 
Thank you. I really, on behalf of OneSource, really would like to thank you for the interest and 
for all the questions, very insightful questions, which have been asked. And I know it's never 
enough. We are never able to take everybody's questions, but we really would like to ask you if 
you have questions to reach out to our Investor Relations team on our website, and we'll be very 
happy to respond and answer your questions. Thank you, once again, for being with us this 
morning. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of OneSource Specialty Pharma Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
