 
 
SWIGGY LIMITED 
(formerly known as “Swiggy Private Limited” and “Bundl Technologies Private Limited”) | CIN: L74110KA2013PLC096530 
 
www.swiggy.com  | T: 080-68422422  
Registered & Corporate Office: No.55 Sy No.8-14, Ground Floor, I&J Block, Embassy Tech Village, Outer Ring Road, Devarbisanahalli, Bengaluru - 560103 
 
 
REF: SWIGGY/SE/2025-26/45 
 
August 06, 2025 
 
To 
The Deputy Manager 
Department of Corporate Services  
BSE Limited 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai -400001 
Scrip Code: 544285 
To 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400051 
Symbol: SWIGGY 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
  Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors conducted on July 31, 
2025.  
 
Ref: Disclosure under Part A of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Pursuant to Part A of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby provide the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and 
Investors conducted on Thursday, July 31, 2025.  
 
Enclosed is the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call, which is also hosted on the website of the 
company. The link to access the transcript is provided below:  
 
https://www.swiggy.com/corporate/investor-relations/financial-results/  
 
This is for your information & records. 
    
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Swiggy Limited  
 
 
 
Cauveri Sriram 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
Cauveri 
Sriram
Digitally signed by 
Cauveri Sriram 
Date: 2025.08.06 
18:37:43 +05'30'

 
 
 
Swiggy Limited 
 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
July 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
​
 
 
MANAGEMENT:​
 
SRIHARSHA MAJETY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SWIGGY LIMITED 
RAHUL BOTHRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SWIGGY LIMITED 
ROHIT KAPOOR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, FOOD MARKETPLACE – SWIGGY LIMITED 
AMITESH JHA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, INSTAMART – SWIGGY LIMITED 
ABHISHEK AGARWAL – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS – SWIGGY LIMITED 
​
Page 1 of 19 

​
 
 
 Moderator:​
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Swiggy Limited’s Q1 FY ‘26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
​
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, Head of Investor Relations from 
Swiggy Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Agarwal:​
Thank you, Operator. Hello, everyone, and welcome to the 1st Quarter FY 2026 Earnings Call 
for Swiggy. Our Financial Results and Shareholders’ Letter have been published on the 
Exchanges, and the information pack has been placed in the Investor Relations section of our 
website, www.swiggy.com.  
​
We would like to inform you that the Management may make certain comments on this call 
that one could deem forward-looking statements. Specifically, the financial guidance and pro 
forma information that we will provide on this call are Management estimates based on certain 
assumptions; and have not been subjected to any audit, review, or examination procedures. 
Swiggy does not guarantee these statements and is not obliged  to update them at any time. 
​
Joining me on the call today are:  
​
Sriharsha Majety – MD and Group CEO, Rahul Bothra – our CFO, Rohit Kapoor – CEO of 
Food Marketplace, and Amitesh Jha – CEO of Instamart. 
​
Before we start the proceedings, we think it is useful to share our top-of-mind messages from 
our quick commerce business, for which I will invite Amitesh Jha. Over to you. 
Amitesh Jha:​
Thanks, Abhishek. So, what I will do is, I will give a very high level, top of mind for this 
particular quarter. 
Our GOV growth accelerated to 108% YoY. This was primarily led by our dark-store 
expansion, both existing and in the new areas that we went into. As we have also spoken in the 
past, the average order value is a very important determinant of the profitability of the 
business. I am happy to report that our focused efforts have led to a substantial change in the 
slope of the driving AOV, with a movement of 16% quarter-on-quarter and 26% Y-on-Y  
which is ahead of our guidance that we gave. This growth in AOV with focused efforts led to a 
consolidation of cuts, while leading to a higher GOV per customer per month by 8%. This 
combined with letting go of some of the low AOV orders led to a moderation in our order 
growth quarter-on-quarter. 
​
In the last call, we shared that our contribution losses had peaked. In line with the same, our 
contribution margin has improved by 100 bps quarter-on-quarter. Despite there being 
significant headwinds of the full quarter impact of the network expansion that we did, which 
​
Page 2 of 19 

​
 
 
was slightly back ended in the March quarter where we had added 316 stores, we are 
continuing to see improvements in our contribution margin. As our customers and stores 
mature, we are confident of delivering higher improvement in contribution margin in the next 
quarter as well. This category is still in an early phase of customer penetration and has a 
significant runway of growth. We are seeing continued heightened levels of marketing 
investments by all the players. We will maintain the flexibility to invest for growth for the 
subsequent quarters as well. 
​
That is it from my side. Over to you, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Agarwal:​
Great. Thank you, Amitesh. With this brief preamble, let us start the Q&A. Operator, you can 
please go ahead. 
Moderator:​
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Garima Mishra from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Garima Mishra:​
Yes. Hi, thank you so much for the opportunity. My questions are on the Instamart business. 
The first one, Instamart has shown a significant AOV improvement, as Amitesh you just 
highlighted. But ideally, this should have also driven a significant contribution margin 
improvement Q-o-Q, right? You have mentioned that higher delivery cost were a drag, as was 
the network expansion. However, has Maxxsaver also contributed to higher costs in the form 
of higher basket level discount? 
Amitesh Jha:​
Yes, see, the Maxxsaver is a very specific use case in which we are encouraging consumers to 
purchase a higher basket size. Yes, in terms of contribution or in terms of the take rate for 
those specific orders, it is lower than what you would have for a smaller fill basket. The way 
we see it, Maxxsaver is a habit. What we have seen is that there are a lot of customers, who 
have been habituated. There is a 28% MTU penetration for Maxxsaver and we see those 
customers coming back again for Maxxsaver orders. That habit formation is something that we 
have done. 
​
In the subsequent quarters, we will make sure that there is significant investment from a lot of 
ecosystem players to make sure that it becomes more sustainable. So, in the initial phases, we 
see that as a slight headwind for our overall take rate, but in the long run, it will have a 
substantial impact on our contribution margin in the future. 
Garima Mishra:​
Is there any quantification we can provide for how much Maxxsaver may have impacted your 
contribution this quarter? 
Rahul Bothra:​
Yes, so Garima, Rahul here. We will not provide specifics, because it is competitively 
sensitive. However, as Amitesh had mentioned, see, it was important for us to make a pretty 
hockey stick jump in our average order value. And as you know, this is a key KPI for 
ultimately the overall network profitability to get established. What we have meaningfully 
done in just one quarter is to change this trajectory in a significant manner. So, 26% 
​
Page 3 of 19 

​
 
 
year-on-year growth on our average order value, means that a lot of customers are now starting 
to move, not only their grocery purchases, but also their household wallet to this proposition. 
So, we remain very confident of our ability to monetize on this channel. While there could be 
some bit of investment that the platform needs to do to create this habit, over time we will be 
able to continuously reduce this and get to the stated objectives.  
​
As we had mentioned also the contribution margin, NOV remain very steadfast. Our ability to 
improve that remains very high. Even in the quarter gone by, we have added 240 basis points 
in our overall monetization efforts, including the reduction of some of the subsidies. At the 
same time, there were a couple of headwinds around the full quarter cost. So, our guidance 
remains that we expect to get to contribution margin neutrality between December and June 
quarter of calendar year 2026. And towards that, while we made 100 basis points improvement 
in the previous quarter, we actually expect to make an even higher contribution margin 
improvement in the current quarter. So, all of this improvement is not back ended. 
Garima Mishra:​
Got it. Second question, again on Instamart, how are you thinking about the pace of store 
additions over the next few quarters? Will it be in, sort of similar to what we have seen this 
quarter? And second, on fixed costs, which lie below the contribution margin, you have 
mentioned these costs may not decline and I understand why they may not. But do we think 
these costs will increase in line with store additions or maybe at a slower pace? 
Amitesh Jha:​
Yes, we have also mentioned in our shareholder letter that from a pure addition of stores and 
the network footprint in terms of square feet that we have added, we believe that we have 
reached a state that allows us to be very comfortable with the kind of service that we are giving 
to the customer and the growth headroom that we have created. We believe that our next 
network expansion will be based on the need, based on these geographies, and it will not 
necessarily be for expansion into the white spaces. The overall network expansion is such that 
it will allow us to grow at 100% without the addition of a lot of stores, essentially square feet. 
So, that is a reason we do not want to give any kind of guidance for the addition of the stores 
as well. 
Garima Mishra:​
And on fixed cost? 
Amitesh Jha:​
Okay. So, you see, as I said in my earlier -- 
Garima Mishra:​
Do they increase in line with store addition, yes? 
Amitesh Jha:​
No, the fixed cost is more of a consumer acquisition cost. Ultimately, a lot of that essentially 
goes into marketing. The marketing is something that we see as a result of what is happening 
in the market. As I said, we will continue to be competitive to make sure that we are acquiring 
customers for the category as well. And I think, there is the level of runway of growth that we 
have should allow us to be more measured in our approach on how we acquire customers. If it 
is leading to higher growth we do not want to let that go as well. So, yes, fixed cost will be an 
area that we see being at the, at a similar rate for a few quarters. 
​
Page 4 of 19 

​
 
 
Garima Mishra:​
Got it. Thank you so much for taking my questions and wish you the best luck. 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin from Bank of America. Please go 
ahead. 
Sachin Salgaokar:​
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I have three questions. Again, all three questions on 
Instamart. First question, I wanted to know your general thoughts on competition. One gets a 
sense in the last three months to four months, competitive intensity has sort of gone down. But 
again, I wanted to understand, what you are seeing on the ground and how do you look at that? 
Amitesh Jha:​
See, if you are comparing it to the JFM quarter, yes, it has gone down, but at an absolute level 
the intensity in the market, we see it being at the heightened level. There are new players also 
entering the market. Some of them are taking baby steps into these markets as well. So, 
overall, we do not see this quarter as any indication of whether the competitive intensity will 
go up or down. We believe that heightened level will remain and it is something that we are 
also baking it on our plans. 
Sachin Salgaokar:​
Got it. Second question and more as a follow-up to this entire competitive view, again, wanted 
a bit of a color in terms of dark store expansion between, let us say, urban, metros and Tier 2 
cities. How are you thinking in terms of expansion? And again, in the shareholders’ letter, you 
mentioned a large part of network expansion was front-loaded and going ahead, you guys are 
looking at a measured pace. So, does that mean that even though competition is present and 
expanding, you guys will be a bit more calibrated in the approach or that approach could 
change basis, how competition is? 
Amitesh Jha:​
See, we are in 127 cities right now with 4.3 million square feet of store area, which is 
significant even if you look at, compare it to anybody else in the market. We believe going 
higher than 127 cities will be more opportunity-based and based on how we see that network 
of geographies come into play. But there is such significant headroom; market penetration is so 
low in the cities out of the top 10 or 20 that we believe the right opportunity is to be focused 
and not necessarily measured. The way I will approach it is that be more focused in the areas 
that we are already in. If expansion is required, expand in those areas, then spread yourself thin 
to figure out where the next growth will be there. There is enough headroom for growth in the 
existing 127 cities that we have. 
Sachin Salgaokar:​
Got it. Third question, in your shareholder letter, you mentioned there is a 50 bps dilution on 
contribution margin led by lower commissions on non-grocery selection. So, going ahead as 
your mix moves more towards non-grocery and as AOV expands, directionally should we 
continue to see elevated pressure on contribution margin, or this was more like a one-off in the 
initial phase and margin should improve as the non-grocery mix improves? 
Rahul Bothra:​
Yes, Sachin, Rahul here. I think obviously this was our first focused effort in trying to improve 
the non-grocery selection. Overall, over the last couple of quarters, we have also mentioned 
that our selection, where we were probably lagging a little bit are now, in most parts, ahead of 
​
Page 5 of 19 

​
 
 
even say the available selection from competition. So, there is an effort that is required to be 
able to build the relationships, etc. And over time, we will see monetization continuing to 
increase, including in the non-grocery part. So, the overall mix, as we said, is also net positive, 
because if you look at the absolute contribution that you make in these larger ASP selling 
items for non-grocery more than makes up on the percentage margin. So, we think it is going 
to be a calibrated approach. There is going to be advertising dollars that will also start getting 
unlocked as our overall share of this pie increases. 
​
So, we should not expect that there will be a continued headwind. This is more of a one-time, 
say effort and the significant movement that we have been able to make. And over time, this 
will mean that we will go back to more category margins. 
Sachin Salgaokar:​
Okay. And lastly, just a curious question. You have a standalone app on Instamart and then 
there is a combined super-app out there. When you look at your incremental consumers, who 
are coming on the quick commerce service, is it more on the standalone app, or is it mixed and 
how to think about this? 
Amitesh Jha:​
Yes, it is a mix. The way to think about it is there are two ways we acquire consumers. One is 
from our existing app, who have, say, never transacted on Instamart. And the others are those 
who are independently, coming to that. So, it is a mix. The way we approach it is that whatever 
works best for the end consumer is what we use. And that has been the way for our success 
also as well. 
Sachin Salgaokar:​
Got it. Excellent. 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhisek Banerjee from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhisek Banerjee: ​
Hey, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is for Amitesh. So, sir, great job on the 
AOV improvement. But trying to understand, what can be the mix of non-grocery items going 
ahead? I mean, can this go up to 25% or 30%? You could give some clarity on that. And with 
regards to the number of orders, which we have seen to moderate, because there was some 
grossing up of orders at Maxxsaver, etc. How would you drive order growth going ahead? If 
you can talk about these two things, that would be really helpful. 
Amitesh Jha:​
Yes, sure. You see, over the last year, if you look from Q1 FY ‘25 to Q1 FY ‘26, we have 
grown from 6.6% to 18.5% of the non-grocery business. That will keep on going up. Yes. So, 
we see this movement keep on going up. We look at our business as consumer penetration for 
each of the categories. The consumer penetration for non-grocery categories is extremely low. 
So, there is enough headroom. You can expect these numbers to go up. We will not want to 
give specific guidance, but we believe that this upward trajectory will keep on going up for the 
next few quarters at least. Sorry, what was the second question? 
​
Page 6 of 19 

​
 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: ​
Yes. So, I was trying to understand, as this mix kind of improves, how do you kind of build out 
your assortment further? So, you are already talking about a large proportion of your metro 
audience having 30,000 SKUs, right? So, will that essentially drive it? And how do you 
increase the number of orders that are coming per MTU? 
Amitesh Jha:​
Yes. I will try to explain both the order question as well as this one. The way to think about it 
is, yes, increased assortment is for all the new use-cases that consumers have and that is 
something that we have seen happening in metro as well as the T1, T2 cities as well. The 
increased assortment is also one of the reasons why it is happening. And of course, the 
penetration of these categories from a consumer point of view has also been on the increasing 
trend. Now, on the order question, which is also one of the things that we believe that the focus 
that we put in on the headwind on the order was for two specific reasons. The first reason was 
that obviously; we had acquired a lot of new customers at the end of the last quarter. That led 
to a significant initial stage in which we saw a lower order contribution from them. 
​
The second thing is what we did is also kind of removed a lot of low AOV orders that were not 
accretive to our business. And the third thing that we did was the Maxxsaver in which we 
really consolidated the orders. We do not believe the first two reasons will be there for the 
subsequent quarter. The third reason will be there. So, the numbers will go up, but the focus 
will be to make sure that the average order volume on the Maxxsaver side does not reduce. We 
are seeing a higher retention on the Maxxsaver orders as well, which is the reason why we are 
very confident on this specific approach as well. 
Abhisek Banerjee: ​
Understood. And with regards to store expansion, we saw only 41 stores added here. And a 
large part, almost 75% of the CAPEX, which was done, was done in warehousing increase, 
right? So, how do we kind of look at the CAPEX trajectory going ahead if you can give some 
broad guidelines on that. 
Rahul Bothra:​
Sure. So, I think on the dark store side as you have seen are the quarter four of the previous 
financial year is where we expanded the network at the largest and even in the previous call we 
had mentioned that going forward is going to be measured and derivative of growth versus us 
planting the flags, because we believe that we have the network density and the overall 
geographical presence already established. So, you should see this more of a measured 
approach on the dark store expansion. However, if you look at the overall capacity of the 
network that we have with the current 4.3 million square feet of warehousing of the dark store 
space that we currently have in the market, we can potentially even grow twice from where we 
are, without having to add any storage theoretically.​
So, this basically means that there 
is not a lot of leverage that we will get, as we scale from the existing network.  
Now, coming to the warehousing side again due to the fast growth that we have seen, which is 
100 % plus over the last couple of quarters, we have had to necessarily expand our footprint on 
the warehousing side, especially in the larger metros. A lot of that work has been completed 
and some of it will be done over the next couple of quarters. So, as we have mentioned it will 
​
Page 7 of 19 

​
 
 
be a more graded expansion of CAPEX investments from here on, because again the capacity 
expansion is largely being done on the warehousing side also. 
Abhisek Banerjee: ​
Understood. That was very helpful. And just one last question from me on the food side, so 
again another very solid performance in terms of 18.8% GOV growth, right. So, are you seeing 
any change from the competitor in the food deliveries, or are you seeing them becoming a little 
more aggressive there with new management etc. 
Rohit Kapoor:​
Hi, this is Rohit here. Look, I think food delivery is always highly competitive. So, we do not 
watch it from an internal management lens of another company and the point is, we do not 
have any more information than you have, right. So, I think, while we remain competitive, we 
are very focused. But no, I think that has not really figured much in our scheme of thinking or 
our decision making or anything of that nature. 
Abhisek Banerjee: ​
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator:​
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak 
Mahindra AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli:​
Hi team, thanks for the opportunity. First question is follow-up to what Abhishek was asking 
on the AOV increase spend, is there any seasonality in the current quarter, which would have 
helped the very sharp increase in the AOV apart from the factors, which you had already called 
out? 
Amitesh Jha:​
I will take that question. No, absolutely not. This is all based on the effort or the shaping that 
we have done for our business. 
Sudheer Guntupalli:​
Yes, thanks Amitesh. And maybe a question to Rahul. So, if I look at your larger competitor, 
the cost structure of Instamart is very similar to the cost structure of their entity, with the only 
exception being a dramatic differential on the AOV front so far. Now that you have seen a very 
sharp convergence of AOV in the current quarter and you are just about 8% - 9% lower than 
where they are, is it fair to assume that the rest of the profitability structure items will fall in 
place with this kind of an AOV increase? 
Rahul Bothra:​
Yes, thanks, Sudheer. I think if you look at the overall, say, cost in the business, right, there are 
these variable operating costs, there are the nature of, say, fixed costs that we incur in the 
business as well as some of the below the contribution margin costs. Amitesh talked about the 
below contribution margin costs. If I were to kind of look at our own trajectory from here on 
right, one of the big spikes that we had to do was on the average order value. It is a key 
determinant as you know. At the same time, not all the benefits could have been accrued 
during the same period, when the habit formation was being made. 
​
So, we have started the journey. This 26% growth does not mean that we are calling out that 
we will not grow further. We continue to have the ambition to keep scaling the average order 
value, as the overall mix increases, as the consumers start moving their entire household 
​
Page 8 of 19 

​
 
 
wallet, a large part of their household wallet to us, which we are seeing in the very, very sharp 
increase in our GOV per user metrics also. So, from here on, we believe that there is enough 
room for us to continue growing the average order value and monetization necessarily follows 
immediately post that. 
Sudheer Guntupalli:​
Got it, Rahul. And the second question is on the store addition front. I do get your point that at 
4.3 million square feet of dark store space, we are not very different from that of our larger 
competitor. But if I look at it, let us say, having more stores versus having fewer and larger 
stores. So, how do you see the trade-off happening, especially in terms of the density of the 
network and your ability to reach the customer within that promised time of 10 minutes to 15 
minutes. So, I understand you are focusing on a larger store footprint and you have added quite 
a bit of them in the last four months. But is it not the case that having more number of stores 
will necessarily mean that you are closer to the customer and your reachability to the customer 
would be better? 
Amitesh Jha:​
Yes, see, the way we build our network is based on our ability to deliver our orders for our 
consumer base in under 10 minutes. And if you look at our metrics of whatever we have done 
as benchmarking internally as well, we see that we have an industry-best service promise for 
speed for the end consumer. So, first of all our network is there that allows for it to essentially 
happen. Second thing is that there are various ways in which you can expand your network 
continuously, specifically, if you want to add a lot of non-grocery assortment. One of the ways 
is to have larger stores versus smaller stores. The approach that we have taken is to have larger 
stores so that ultimately there is a basket benefit that also accrue because of that.  
​
We will continue to be on the path and we believe that the model that allows ourselves to be 
larger store more number of continuous cards as well as making sure that we are doing all the 
deliveries within 10 minutes is a network that we are in already; and that is the reason we feel 
very extremely confident about as well. 
Sudheer Guntupalli:​
Thanks Amitesh. Last question to Rahul. Any indication on the monthly EBITDA loss at 
Instamart for June month and what would have been the payroll increase, annual appraisal 
cycle impact for Instamart and for the food delivery business in this quarter compared to the 
March quarter? 
Rahul Bothra:​
No, I think, we have called out that the overall increase that you have seen below CM costs, a 
little more than half is actually due to the appraisal cycle and that is something, which from 
here on will start giving us leverage, right, because that is behind us. In terms of the EBITDA, 
I think, we have talked about the contribution margin improvement trajectory and remain 
steadfast on being able to deliver it in the timeframe that we have given. We have also 
highlighted that our pace of expansion in the CM margin or the CM margin negative reduction 
will be higher, which means that you should start baking that in. 
​
In terms of absolute EBITDA it would be hard to call out, right considering we are still at a 
very early stage in the quarter. We still do not know about how much more competitive 
​
Page 9 of 19 

​
 
 
intensity is going to increase, what is going to be the overall user additions that the category is 
going to see in this quarter. So, we will remain a little bit flexible. So, do not want to box 
ourselves into a specific guidance on that. At the same time, things which are -- 
Sudheer Guntupalli:​
No Rahul, I think, I was asking for the June month, not July month. So, there is a trajectory 
build up that happened in March towards the end, the losses would have peaked. And it would 
have come down over the course of June quarter, month-on-month. So, June month is what I 
am asking for, not July month. 
Rahul Bothra:​
Directionally, June was lower than April. And that is because, as I said, there is a lot of 
leverage that has come through. And as I said, but at the same time, do not expect us to give us 
specific guidance on it in this current quarter. We want to retain that flexibility. Having said 
that, contribution margin is something which is in our control; we are pretty sure of being able 
to appropriate that. 
Sudheer Guntupalli:​
Fair enough Rahul. Thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vijit Jain from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Vijit Jain:​
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My question first is, so, it looks like non-grocery share 
increase is also significantly led by Maxxsaver, is the assumption correct? And if I try to 
understand, how that is happening, essentially, if you were under-indexed to non-groceries 
with Maxxsaver, you put a lot of add-to-cart prompts for these non-grocery items and with 
higher subsidies there and that explains, all the take rate impact and everything that we are 
seeing here. Is that accurate understanding of how you are basically ramping up Maxxsaver 
and non-groceries here? 
Amitesh Jha:​
No, see, Maxxsaver actually helps grocery business a lot more. It is a basket building 
proposition. And for a lot of non-grocery, baskets are not built, right, the unit per order for 
non-groceries is extremely close to one. So, it actually impacts grocery business, all the effort 
that has gone into is through higher assortment, better offer for the consumer, from the sellers 
for all those assortment, is what is actually leading to these numbers. Our assortment used to 
be very small, if you look at it a year back. Right now we are at an industry-leading assortment 
in those cases. 
Vijit Jain:​
Got it. And my second question is, so, you said earlier in your comment that going forward 
investment from ecosystem players will make Maxxsaver more sustainable. Is that referring to 
better commissions they will pay you or higher ad share? And if you can talk about, what do 
you believe is your gap in terms of your ad revenues versus your larger peers? And is there any 
gap in the ad product itself that you still need to build to kind of cover that gap? 
Amitesh Jha:​
See, when I speak about the ecosystem, yes, it is investment from sellers, brands, who see that 
opportunity as well, as and when consumers move channels; and this is effectively a 
movement of channel, brands would want to participate in it. And that will lead to their 
​
Page 10 of 19 

​
 
 
helping it happen as well. Yes, we believe ultimately that the take rates will essentially go up 
because of those reasons as well. Right now, as Rahul was speaking and I spoke about it as 
well, the initial stages are more to make those movements happen faster. Sustainable will 
happen, when we have more take rate from sellers, higher ad from brands, and that will 
essentially lead to a movement, which is there.  
​
We believe that there is headroom for ads as well. I can’t compare exactly the number for the 
competition. But we believe that our ads have a headroom and we have made a movement in 
that and that is a movement that we will keep on doing as well. 
Vijit Jain:​
Got it, thanks. My last question, on the marketing spend, is it possible to kind of, quantify how 
much of the marketing spend right now is directed towards, just from the driving downloads, 
activations for the standalone app? I know the app has seen a lot of traction, the user growth on 
that looks pretty high. So, as that normalizes, will the marketing spend go down? Is that how 
one should understand this? 
Amitesh Jha:​
Marketing spends on getting the consumer to our platform, the way I would want to break it 
down is brand and perf investment, rather than specifically related to which platform; because 
we give the flexibility for that to happen. If it is the Swiggy existing platform customers, if 
they choose to interact on Instamart, we do not stop that as well. So, the way to think about it 
is that, yes, we have a higher proportion, majority proportion of perf, lower proportion of 
brand. We believe that it is the right mix, because it allows us to build an Instamart brand that 
drives a lot of organic as well. And perf is something that in situ allows us to get a lot more 
transactions for the new customers, who are actually there on the platform. So, I do not want to 
break it down necessarily into Instamart App versus Swiggy App, we leave that flexibility to 
the end consumer. 
Vijit Jain:​
Okay, sure. My question was actually just on the marketing spends, whether it is being directed 
more towards the Instamart standalone app. But yes, thank you so much. 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav from Axis. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Malhotra:​
Yes, hi. Good evening, everyone. Just wanted to check on a couple of things. Firstly, on quick 
commerce. So, while we understand that the capacity, which has been built, is good enough to 
almost double the GOV. But the competition in terms of just the footprint densification is 
going sort of much, much ahead. So, what do you think of the different strategies this way? Do 
you think that there is a risk that you sort of are leaving out some white spaces in terms of 
expansion, whether it could be expectations or-- 
Sriharsha Majety:​
Hey, hi, Harsha here. I think ultimately, as Amitesh has already talked about, there is a certain 
specific TAM in the top cities that we have already expanded into, which we are most excited 
about growing our franchise quite strongly. As for densification, ultimately, the question is, 
how does densification help? Densification helps in your ability to serve the consumers faster. 
And as we would already mentioned, we continue to have a good advantage in how we serve 
​
Page 11 of 19 

​
 
 
our consumers on delivery experience and we are not going to let that be a reason for 
consumers to not be happy with Instamart. So, the moment for us is, how are we serving our 
consumers? We do not see this coming in the way of serving our consumers. 
Gaurav Malhotra:​
Just on the food part, right, we obviously are seeing activity, there is new competition, right, 
and also the existing guys are trying to sort of ramp up to push up the growth a little bit. Are 
we seeing some sort of higher competitive intensity in say, couponing, marketing? Have you 
started to see that on the food delivery side? 
Rohit Kapoor:​
So far there have been, as you know, there have been talks about one of the players entering 
the market, that has not happened yet. But in terms of just overall competitive intensity in the 
market, last quarter was as competitive as ever, right, but it was nothing unusual, I will say. 
Gaurav Malhotra:​
But do you think that in the quest to sort of push up the growth, even now you are not seeing 
any sort of change versus, say, 1Q in terms of the underlying competitive trend? 
Rahul Bothra:​
I think what I can answer is that from our perspective, given the nature of this category, I think 
category creation happens across players, right. So, for us, it is very clear that we will want to 
continue to experiment and expand into, for example, affordability using the 99 Store launch, 
right or on speed, which is through Bolt. So, irrespective of competitive incentive, I think, the 
responsibility of expansion of the market, because if you look at we have come in at about 
18.8% GOV growth, we love to see this trend slightly higher in the future quarter. This was 
our second highest growth quarter in the last two years, I think, or eight or nine quarters, but 
we love to see this higher. So, that hunger is there in the team to continue to push the 
boundaries there.  
It helps that we remain in the competitive category where nothing is taken for granted, right? 
We show up every day and do our best. But just to tell you in terms of, if you are asking me if 
this AMG from a competitive standpoint was very different from the last AMG or the last 
OND or the last JFM, I would not say so. The intensity was pretty much similar. 
Gaurav Malhotra:​
Just a last question on Bolt, you mentioned that, in terms of order volume it is upwards of 
10%. So, from a GOV perspective, how do we think about this? Obviously, it is coming with 
slightly lesser AOV, but are you seeing a higher frequency over there? 
Rohit Kapoor:​
Look, Bolt has remained in the range of 10% to 12% order contribution and what we are 
seeing here is, it has only a very limited sort of impact on AOV, right. So, at a platform level it 
is not significantly dilutive, right. On the other hand, because the delivery radius is much 
lower, the delivery costs are lower, so the economics are actually quite close to the platform 
average. There is no compromise on that. Today, we do not monetize anything on Bolt. For 
example, either from the restaurant side or from the partner or customer side Bolt operates 
from a monetization angle similar to the platform. So, those opportunities exist in the future 
once we have created enough love for the service. But it is not something that we are within 
​
Page 12 of 19 

​
 
 
the range that is operating, even let us say, it was 5% point higher would I worry about the 
impact on managing contribution margin because of that, I think, that is not the situation. 
Gaurav Malhotra:​
Just one last question, a little bit tangential, right, in the U.S. we are seeing some food delivery 
companies alluding to the impact of certain medications have on the eating out sort of 
frequency or ability of users. Is that something, which you think can sort of impact here as 
well? 
Sriharsha Majety:​
Harsha here, honestly even from our conversations with players in the U.S., it hasn’t impacted 
even them in a big way. So, I think, the answer here is wait and watch. 
Gaurav Malhotra:​
Thank you. 
Rohit Kapoor:​
I think this is one, where probably the impact is further ahead on the hype cycle than reality. 
Gaurav Malhotra:​
Thanks. 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman:​
Yes, hi. Two questions for me. Firstly, your competitor is moving to an inventory model. Do 
you think that confers them any sort of substantive advantage, or any plans from your 
perspective to change the way you manage your inventory? And the second question is on your 
rider apps. So, if today are the apps on the rider side completely different for Instamart and for 
food delivery, or do you, or is there an overlap and do you see any advantage in that overlap if 
there is? Thanks. 
Rahul Bothra:​
Sure. See first on the current model that we have, we work with sellers. Our seller partners are 
our network. Currently due to the overall domestic ownership that exists in the, we cannot do 
an inventory-led model, right. Having said that, if you look at since our IPO time our domestic 
ownership has continuously kept increasing. So, we have more than doubled our domestic 
ownership to now crossing 40% in a very short time, with increased participation of domestic 
fund houses. So, there could be a natural evolution that at some point in time in the future, we 
may consider our ability to also open up the inventory-led business model. 
​
In terms of the overall benefit of that model, we do expect that to have an accretion of roughly 
50 basis points to 70 basis points. So, it is not like meaningfully very high for us to make any 
inorganic moves. At the same time, at an appropriate time, depending on our ability to do any 
action on this, we will come back to you. 
Aditya Soman:​
Okay. And your rider app -- 
Rohit Kapoor:​
On the delivery partner -- 
Aditya Soman:​
Yes. 
​
Page 13 of 19 

​
 
 
Rohit Kapoor:​
Yes, on the rider app, we have a unified app. It is the same app, which is used for both Food 
and Instamart. Having said that, the riders for Instamart are almost now exclusive to Instamart. 
So, there is a little bit of overlap and cross usage. But Instamart, given the scale and the 
prominence it has, has a delivery network, which is dedicated to Instamart. But both are 
separate things. If your question was more around is the network separated, the answer is to a 
large extent, yes, right. But in the sense of the app, which is used to both recruit onboard and 
communicate with the delivery partners, it is the same app with different interfaces for 
Instamart and Food, where it needs to be. 
Aditya Soman:​
I understand, sir. In some ways, it is like the combined app, right, where you will have a 
different tab, maybe for rider platform. 
Rohit Kapoor:​
That is correct. 
Aditya Soman:​
Understand. 
Rohit Kapoor:​
That is correct. 
Aditya Soman:​
Understand. And then could the riders, I mean, at the same time, they may not be on both 
platforms, but could the same riders then still be on both the platforms at different points of 
time? 
Rohit Kapoor:​
They need to go through a bit of a process to shift between Food and Instamart. But having 
said that, look, the reality of this space also is that gig workers work across platforms, right? 
Many of them. So, that is a fairly natural phenomenon in this model. 
Aditya Soman:​
All right. That is very useful. Thank you. 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala:​
Yes, a couple of questions on the quick commerce side. Firstly, if you can remind us in terms 
of the contribution margin breakeven in QC, I think, you mentioned December this year or 
March next year. Does that still hold true? And in case the competition eases off dramatically 
over the next six months, the potential benefit from lower promotional expenses, are you going 
to use it to try and expand some of the market sharing initiatives that you are taking and keep 
the trajectory of, or the target of breakeven intact, or you can potentially reach that earlier as 
well. 
Rahul Bothra:​
So, no, our guidance was between say December to June 2026 quarters, so that is something 
which we had laid out in the previous call and we are maintaining that guidance. So, as you 
have seen, that journey has already begun. In terms of, whether competitive action reduces say, 
the intensity of discounting or spending in the and how we are going to use it, I think, it is 
more a point in time decision that we will make looking at the overall, our ability to grow 
​
Page 14 of 19 

​
 
 
faster than competition. So, it is very hard for us to crystal-ball today, how we will use that 
additional margin, whether we will bank it or reinvest it. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala:​
Got it. And second question is, if we look at the contribution loss per order as of this quarter 
was close to around Rs. 28, there is a Rs. 10 increase in revenue per order and a similar or a 
Rs. 9 increase in the direct cost per order. If we were to take it down to zero in the next three 
quarters to five quarters, just trying to understand which part whether revenue per order or cost 
per order will be the bigger determinant or driver of that. 
Rahul Bothra:​
So, it is two quarters to four quarters, because we have in terms of our guidance. So, that is  
first. So, I think, both the monetization on the take rate side, you will see that improving. And 
also there is the leverage on the fixed cost and the operating cost side due to the basket 
building that we have been able to both demonstrate in the previous quarter as well as going 
forward. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala:​
Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Vora:​
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. On food delivery, how should we look at the margin trajectory 
from here? And this quarter you saw a dip. Was it largely because of low rider availability and 
linked costs? The first one. 
Rohit Kapoor:​
Yes. So, this is Rohit here. On the dip in this quarter, it is explained largely by the seasonality, 
right? This happens every Q1. If you look at last Q1 also, it had a similar impact. This is a 
season, where the rider availability is… structurally we do not see issues with rider 
availability. It is a season where harvest season is there and some other impact comes through 
and we do have to invest a little bit more on the rider side to keep the fleet in line with 
demand. We expect this to correct back and we continue to stay on our guidance for a 5% 
EBITDA margin in the medium-term. 
Kunal Vora:​
And like the time frame for the medium-term will be? 
Rohit Kapoor:​
We are not guiding to a particular quarter on this right now. 
Kunal Vora:​
Okay, understood. Also, can you share your thoughts on the new players entering quick 
commerce and what are the challenges they face, and is that a risk? Aggression from new 
players, is that a risk for your contribution breakeven over the next three to five quarters? 
Amitesh Jha:​
Yes. It is Amitesh here. See, I think, this category will keep on seeing a lot of heightened 
competition. We saw one significant player entering last year. We see another significant 
player entering right now. If you look at the history also, it has not had a significant impact on 
the growth of the top players in the quick commerce, because it is a very important hyperlocal 
assortment play, plus the right kind of offer for that particular hyperlocal area, plus building a 
​
Page 15 of 19 

​
 
 
supply chain that can address hyperlocal, which is like three kinds of capabilities that are 
harder to build. So, we will keep on seeing a lot of competition coming in. Their ability to 
make an inroad in the market will be lesser. So, the way to think about it is that it is not the 
defining factor of heightened competition. We still believe the top players in this particular 
area will only determine the investment in this market as well as our ability to respond to that. 
Kunal Vora:​
Understood. So, irrespective of the competitive intensity, you still feel confident that the three 
quarters to five quarters you should be able to breakeven? 
Amitesh Jha:​
Absolutely. 
Kunal Vora:​
And lastly, on platform innovations, the losses have increased, while revenue has decreased. 
Can you help me understand this? 
Rahul Bothra:​
Yes, so largely the investment there is on our initiative around the 10 minute version. Yes. 
Kunal Vora:​
How was that? How is that done? 
Rahul Bothra:​
So, this is our initiative, where we have… So, Harsha, you would like to add? 
Sriharsha Majety:​
Yes. Hi, Harsha here. It is still kind of month six for the category. I think we are in an early 
stage of iteration over here. We are taking a measured approach, having a certain narrow 
presence to understand with the critical mass of consumers, how to bring more consumer love 
into the offering, and how the economics work. So, I think, early news is that, there is an 
incrementality to the overall food delivery category. How exciting is this? How does this 
business play out over the future? Both like repeat,retention-wise and economics wise is in the 
journey of discovery that we are still on. 
Kunal Vora:​
Understood. That is it for me. Thank you. 
Moderator:​
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Choudhary:​
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the improvement on the AOV side. 
Harsha, in the past, we have seen improvement in dark store profitability. It is led by two 
factors. One is higher AOV and second is higher throughput per dark store, right? While AOV 
increased this quarter, we have seen a significant dip in throughput per dark store. Is it some 
trade-off, which happened this quarter? Why I am asking it, this is because of some of the 
change in policy in last quarter we have seen on your platform. That you started charging surge 
fees, green fees per order below Rs. 449, Rs. 499. So, in a way, is it fair to assume that 
customers clubbed some of the order, which led to higher AOV, but lower order per customer 
or lower platform frequency? 
Abhishek Agarwal:​
Hi Nikhil, this is Abhishek. So, two reasons, one is of course, we added a lot of stores in the 
last quarter and that too significantly back-ended. As we have written in the shareholder letter 
​
Page 16 of 19 

​
 
 
also, almost 150 stores were added in March itself. What has happened is that the full impact 
of those stores, which of course are not contributing as many orders for the full quarter has 
dragged down that number. It is just that. The second is, of course, we have also let go of some 
low AOV orders overall. And then the third impact that you mentioned is around 
cart-consolidation because of Maxxsaver. All three taken together is the reason why you see 
that the number in itself is sub-thousand and which also gives us the capacity to be able to 
grow without needing too many more stores. 
Nikhil Choudhary:​
Got it. Fair enough. Now moving to improvement in contribution margin. The 16% increase in 
AOV should have led to a 100 basis point to 150 basis point increase in your contribution 
margin, right? Assuming that is a Rs. 55 of the delivery cost on Rs. 550 - Rs. 540 of the AOV 
side, right. So, is it fair to say that a large part of this benefit is now transferred to Maxxsaver 
users, who will generate that habit for now and that will continue at least for the coming 
quarter for the habit to sustain? 
Amitesh Jha:​
See, for the initial stages in Maxxsaver, habit formation will require some incentivization for 
the consumer that we were doing at that point of time. Otherwise, a hockey-stick like this 
would not happen. That said, we have seen improvement in the Maxxsaver order profitability 
itself over the quarter in question. And we believe with the ecosystem investments, ultimately 
our need for investing for the consumers will absolutely go down. And you will see that in the 
results for the subsequent quarters as well. It is already on a downward trend; it will continue 
on that. 
Nikhil Choudhary:​
Got it. Thanks a lot for that. The last one on Bolt side, last quarter we highlighted the 
contribution of Bolt being 12%. This time you mentioned it is higher than 10%. So, have you 
seen some decline in overall contribution in Bolt? Was there some seasonality or this is just a 
normal quarterly anomaly and you expect Bolt to bounce back going forward? 
Rohit Kapoor:​
I think it has stayed in the same range. I think what we have done in Bolt over the last quarter 
is, we have improved the consumer experience a lot more, right. So, this is a highly 
operationally complex service to run. So, we have worked on two things. One is working a lot 
with restaurant partners to improve the readiness time of items, right, to cut bad orders. So, 
there is a certain part of the orders, which were not very aligned to the speed promise, we cut it 
out and also from our side we improved delivery operations to improve the overall compliance. 
So, I think, this quarter we have taken to just improve the offering to a far more loved offering 
from the consumer side and the results are showing. But the OC remains range bound. We will 
also keep it to a certain range given the nature of the service and our ability to operate, because 
it also cuts out LM (last mile), right? So, the way Bolt operates it, it operates in a certain LM 
and the density will grow over time there. 
Nikhil Choudhary:​
Got it. Excellent. Thanks a lot for that. The last one from my side is on SNACC. SNACC side, 
I think, between the Bolt and the SNACC, within between the Bolt 10 minute and your own 
cloud kitchen SNACC app. Are we of belief and going more aggressive on, let us say, 
third-party 10-minute delivery, while our competition is more focusing on their own 10 minute 
​
Page 17 of 19 

​
 
 
cloud kitchen delivery? Is it fair understanding that we are more focused on the restaurant-led 
model, while they are more on their own cloud kitchen-led model? 
Sriharsha Majety:​
No, I think, at this point, we do not have any biases around this is higher than that. I think it is 
a journey of exploration for us. We believe that if you are able to actually make restaurants 
deliver faster, that model overall food delivery through restaurants is a confirmed one. We 
believe that to push the boundary there, it is important to continue getting faster and faster. But 
the case for SNACC is a different one. It opens up an entirely new consumption occasion for 
low involvement snacking and eats of that type. So, we do not have any specific biases 
internally on this or that. It just happens to be that both of them are at different stages of 
discovery. Bolt is a relatively more deterministic operation, where there is a certain operating 
model and you use it to grow your business incrementally, but SNACC is a wholly different 
zero-to-one. 
​
So, our investments in each of these are going to be just a function of the stage that they are in. 
So, we are continuing to, like I said, we have a presence in two cities and we are going to 
continue playing to understand what the consumer love markers are and how the economics 
are going to shape up eventually. 
Nikhil Choudhary:​
Got it. Makes sense. Thanks a lot and good luck for the coming period. 
Moderator:​
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question, which is from the line of 
Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta:​
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. One, as FCF burn over the last two quarters 
almost Rs. 2,800 crores. Our cash is more or less 2x of that. So, would we need to raise equity 
or maybe monetize our Rapido stake to beef up cash? 
Rahul Bothra:​
So, see, we have sufficient cash balance, right? I mean Rs. 5,500 crores is not a small balance. 
At the same time, we have outlined our overall ability to not only make the investment choices 
that we are making on the Instamart business, which is both for growth as well as reigning in 
the contribution margin profitability right, which is again scale-led and maturity-led. So, from 
here on, we do have a strong balance sheet. We talked about the Rapido investment and maybe 
if I can invite Harsha. 
Sriharsha Majety:​
Hi. Harsha here. That is a very parallel conversation, which we are having based on 
developing conflict of interest. When we got into Rapido maybe 2.5 years back, they were a 
mobility player doing really well. We wanted to partner with them on that journey and even as 
early as that we have had some conversations around potentially doing a partnership in food 
delivery also. Unfortunately that did not materialize and they have decided to get in the 
business themselves. Now, that is just a wedge that has made us take notice of the conflict and 
therefore, we are planning to go separate ways on this. 
​
Page 18 of 19 

​
 
 
Rahul Bothra:​
Yes. So, to answer your question we have to make the investments and we will keep you 
updated on a quarterly basis in terms of going forward position. 
Ashwin Mehta:​
Yes, and thanks for the clarification. So, essentially, we do not need to raise the equity. And 
secondly, in terms of the order growth in QC at just about 4% that is about an eight-quarter low 
in terms of order growth. So, what cannibalization of your normal orders to Super Saver was 
so aggressive because the assortment increase, as you already mentioned, should have given 
you one per unit kind of order increase. So, I just wanted to kind of understand that better. 
Amitesh Jha:​
See of course, when somebody is ordering in Maxxsaver, their basket size for the month or 
whatever, they spend for the month would not go up, it will still be at the same level. So, it is 
not 100% cannibalized, but there is definitely a consolidation of orders that happens because of 
Maxxsaver. See in general, the reason why we look at order per day is because we believe that 
leads to higher retention as well. What we have seen is that Maxxsaver more than sufficiently 
compensates for that. The people who use Maxxsaver have higher retention in general. So, our 
belief is that this is the right way to approach both basket building for the end consumer, 
making sure that they get great offers as well as making sure that they come back to our 
platform again and again. 
​
So, yes, that is one thing that we wanted to do. And the other thing is, we also did not want to 
have a lot of low AOV orders that were actually detrimental to our overall P&L as well as the 
quality of the user and that is one choice that we did in the same quarter. And that is the reason 
you see a double impact of that. And which is what I said, this has essentially bottomed out, 
we will see a higher number going forward. 
Ashwin Mehta:​
Sure. Thanks a lot and all the best for the future. 
Moderator:​
Thank you. As that was the last question, ladies, and gentlemen, we will conclude the 
question-and-answer session now. On behalf of Swiggy Limited, we conclude this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
​
Page 19 of 19 
