 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
            Registered Office: 21st Floor, One Unity Center, Senapati Bapat Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai – 400013, India |T: +91 22 69477000 / 69477150 I F: +91 22 69477001/69477090 
W: www.hindalco.com |E: hilinvestors@adityabirla.com | Corporate ID No.: L27020MH1958PLC011238 
 
August 18, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code: 500440  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Scrip Code: HINDALCO 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Scrip Code: US4330641022  
 
Pursuant to the above referred, the transcript of the Q1FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on     
August 12, 2025, for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, is enclosed herewith.  
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company i.e. www.hindalco.com.   
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
for Hindalco Industries Limited  
 
 
 
Geetika Anand 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Q1FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Hindalco Industries Limited [“Company”] for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2025. 
Ref: 
a. Regulation 30 of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015; 
b. ISIN: INE038A01020 and 
 
c. 
Our Intimation dated August 5, 2025. 
Geetika 
Anand
Digitally signed 
by Geetika Anand 
Date: 2025.08.18 
18:45:58 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
“Q1 FY26 Earnings Results Conference Call” 
August 12, 2025 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATISH PAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – HINDALCO 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. BHARAT GOENKA -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. STEVE FISHER – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – NOVELIS 
MR. DEV AHUJA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NOVELIS 
 
MR. SUBIR SEN -- HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Earnings Conference call of Hindalco 
Industries Limited First Quarter Results for FY '26. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Subir Sen, Head of Investor Relations at Hindalco. Over 
to you, sir. 
Subir Sen: 
Thank you, and very good afternoon, morning, everyone. On behalf of Hindalco Industries, I 
welcome you all to the earnings call for the first quarter of financial year 2026. In this call, we 
will refer to the first quarter financial year '26 investor presentation posted on our company's 
website. Some of the information on this call may be forward-looking in nature and is covered 
by the safe harbor language on Slide number two of the said presentation. 
 
In this presentation, we have covered the key highlights of our consolidated performance for the 
first quarter of this financial year versus the corresponding period of the prior year. A segment-
wide comparative analysis of Novelis and Indian aluminum and copper business is also 
provided. The corresponding segment information of prior periods have also been restated 
accordingly for a comparative analysis. 
Today, we have with us in this call from Hindalco's management, Mr. Satish Pai, Managing 
Director; and Mr. Bharat Goenka, Chief Financial Officer. From Novelis' management, we have 
Steve Fisher, President and CEO; and Mr. Dev Ahuja, Chief Financial Officer. Following this 
presentation, the forum will be open for questions and answers. Post this call, an audio replay 
will also be available on our company's website. 
 
Now let me turn this call to Mr. Pai to take you through our company's performance and key 
highlights for the first quarter. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. Thank you, Subir. Good afternoon, and morning, everyone. Thank you for joining 
Hindalco's earnings call today. On Slides 5 to 9 of this presentation, you can see our 
achievements and progress across quarterly metrics of ESG for this year versus prior periods. I 
will now take you through the key highlights of these initiatives. 
At Hindalco, safety is always the highest priority. During the quarter, we unfortunately recorded 
one fatality across our Indian operations. We deeply regret this incident and are committed to 
taking all necessary corrective actions to prevent such occurrences in the future. Our LTIFR for 
this quarter stands at 0.25, showing significant improvement over the previous year. 
 
At Hindalco, we continue to make strong progress on circularity and responsible waste 
management. In this quarter, 98% of the total waste generated was recycled or reused. We 
achieved 135% recycling of bauxite residue, excluding Utkal, 98% recycling of ash and 113% 
recycling of copper slag this quarter. In Q1 of FY '26, we recycled and reused 26.4% of the 19.37 
million cubic meters of water consumed across our operations, reflecting our continued 
commitment to water circularity. To further enhance water efficiency, we are installing a 100 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
kiloliters per day tertiary water recycling unit at our Hirakud facility, which shall reduce our 
freshwater usage. Additionally, our Belagavi unit is developing an 80,000 cubic meter rainwater 
harvesting system that is expected to meet nearly 13% of our total freshwater demand in this 
region. 
 
We remain deeply committed to preserving and enhancing our biodiversity in and around our 
areas of operations. In this quarter, biodiversity management plans have been implemented at 
39 out of the 41 manufacturing and mining locations, demonstrating our systematic approach to 
ecosystem restoration and conservation. As a part of our ongoing afforestation efforts, 28,380 
trees were planted during this quarter. 
Our total renewable energy capacity, primarily solar and wind, stands at 189 megawatts, and we 
are aligned towards our target of reaching 300 megawatts of renewable capacity by Q3 FY '26. 
Our aluminum-specific GHG emissions in this quarter were recorded at 19.4 tons of CO2 per ton 
of aluminum. This was flat compared to the same period of the last fiscal. 
 
Let me now give you a glimpse of our quarterly consolidated performance this quarter versus 
the same quarter of last year on Slide 11. Our consolidated business segment EBITDA was flat 
year-on-year at INR8,539 crores this quarter. The consolidated net profit after tax was up 30% 
on a year-on-year basis at INR4,004 crores this quarter that underscores the resilience of our 
integrated business model. 
At Hindalco India business level, our business segment EBITDA was up 13% year-on-year at 
INR4,982 crores this quarter. The net profit after tax was up 45% on a year-on-year basis at 
INR2,847 crores this quarter. 
In our Indian aluminum business, we are currently hedged around 20% of the commodity at a 
price of $2,666 per ton and hedged 18% of the currency at INR87 per dollar for the second 
quarter of FY '26. 
 
On the balance sheet side, our consolidated net debt stands at INR34,257 crores. In the India 
operations, we have a net cash of INR18,657 crores, while Novelis' net debt stands at INR46,923 
crores at the end of June 2025. Hindalco at the consolidated level continues to maintain a strong 
balance sheet with net debt-to-EBITDA well below 2x at 1.02x at the end of June 2025, which 
is much lower compared to the corresponding period of last year. All our strategic capexes in 
India are mapped with cash flow generation in the business and are in line with our capital 
allocation policy. 
 
Coming to our business-wise performance this quarter, Novelis shipments at 963 Kt versus 951 
Kt in the prior year was up 1% year-on-year. Novelis delivered a quarterly EBITDA of $416 
million, down 17% year-on-year due to elevated scrap prices and net negative tariff impact. 
The resultant EBITDA per ton stood at $432 versus $525 in the prior year same quarter, down 
18% year-on-year. While Novelis' adjusted EBITDA in this quarter was impacted by higher 
aluminum scrap prices and tariff, strong beverage packaging demand, improving scrap spreads 
and accelerated cost reduction benefits to flow through the second half of FY '26 will help 
address the impacts of tariff and hence improve margins. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
We have completed the first round of organizational redesign, footprint optimization and process 
improvements and are on track to exceed over $100 million of cost savings target for this year. 
All our expansion projects, including Novelis' Bay Minette project, are progressing well and as 
planned. 
 
On Hindalco's India upstream aluminum performance this quarter, while shipments were down 
by 1% year-on-year and revenues were up 6% year-on-year, our quarterly EBITDA was up 17% 
year-on-year at INR4,080 crores, primarily driven by lower input costs. The result in EBITDA 
per ton stood at $1,467 per ton, which was higher by 15% year-on-year with the cost of 
production this quarter being the lowest for the company in the last 15 quarters, as benefits from 
operational excellence flow through the value chain. 
EBITDA margins were at 44% this quarter and continue to be the best in the global industry. 
This quarter, the Indian downstream aluminum business delivered a record performance. 
Quarterly shipments were up 6% year-on-year at 101 Kt. Aluminum downstream delivered an 
all-time high quarterly EBITDA of INR229 crores, up 108% year-on-year this quarter versus 
INR110 crores in the prior period, driven by higher value additions on innovations like battery 
enclosures and premiumization. The result in EBITDA per ton stood at a record $264 a ton, 
higher by 92% year-on-year. 
 
On Hindalco's copper business performance this quarter, our overall metal shipments were at 
124 kt, up 4% year-on-year, of which CCR volumes were at 104 Kt, up 4% year-on-year. Our 
quarterly copper EBITDA stood at INR673 crores, down 16% year-on-year on account of lower 
TC/RCs, offset by better realizations in byproducts and operational efficiencies. 
 
Now let me give you a glimpse of the current broader economic environment on Slide 13 and 
14. As per IMF's July 2025 update, global GDP is projected to moderate to 3% in 2025 from 
3.3% in 2024. 
Growth in both advanced and emerging economies is expected to moderate in 2025 to 1.5% 
versus 1.8% in 2024, and 4.1% in 2025 versus 4.3% in 2024, respectively. Growth in the U.S. 
is expected to moderate to 1.9% in 2025 from 2.8% in 2024, weighed down by rising trade policy 
uncertainty and weakening private demand, while target fiscal incentives are expected to provide 
a partial cushion. 
 
China is projected to grow at 4.8%, driven by robust exports and supportive fiscal measures. 
Global trade developments will continue to play a crucial role in shaping the economic outlook. 
Despite some deescalation, tariffs remain at historically elevated levels. Trade policy uncertainty 
is likely to persist as only a limited number of countries have secured bilateral agreements with 
the U.S. Global headline inflation is expected to ease further from 5.7% in 2024 to 4.2% in 2025, 
with core inflation showing signs of moderation. However, inflation in the U.S. is expected to 
remain elevated due to tariff pass-through and fiscal expansion. 
 
Amidst a fluid global environment, India continues to maintain economic stability. Real GDP 
growth held strong at 6.5% in FY '25. The growth is expected to be further supported by strong 
agricultural output, healthy rural demand and a revival in urban consumption. High frequency 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
indicators point to a broad-based recovery with services activity remaining robust, recovery in 
manufacturing and investment activity gaining traction. 
Looking ahead, the RBI projects GDP growth to remain at 6.5% for FY '26. Headline inflation 
is expected to moderate further to 3.7% in FY '26, down from 4.6% in FY '25, driven by easing 
food and fuel prices and benign core inflation. However, geopolitical tensions along with global 
trade and weather-related uncertainties remain key downside risk. 
In response to the evolving growth inflation dynamics, RBI reduced the repo rate by 50 bps to 
5.5% in June. The monetary policy stance has now shifted from accommodative to neutral with 
the RBI committed to supporting growth while maintaining price stability. 
 
Moving on to the aluminum industry outlook on Slides 15 and 16. Starting with Slide 15. In 
China, production in Q2 calendar year '25 reached 11 million tons with consumption increasing 
to 12 million tons, resulting in a deficit of 1 million tons. The production in China in the first 
half of calendar year '25 saw 2% growth to 22 million tons, led by growth in production in 
Yunnan, Sichuan and Inner Mongolia, resulting in a deficit of 1 million tons. And consumption 
grew by 4% to 23 million tons, primarily driven by sharp rise in solar installations and a 50% 
increase in new energy vehicle production. However, the construction sector continued to face 
challenges with declining investments. 
 
In the rest of the world, production grew marginally in Q2 calendar year '25 to 7.5 million tons, 
while consumption was flattish at 7 million tons, leading to a surplus of 0.5 million tons. With 
the surplus in the rest of the world that is offset by deficit in China, the overall global aluminum 
market had a marginal deficit in Q2 calendar year '25. 
In the first half of calendar year '25, production remained flat at 15 million tons, while 
consumption grew marginally by 1% to 14 million tons, driven by strong demand in India and 
Brazil, but offset by weaker demand in Europe and North America, resulting in a surplus of 1 
million tons. 
 
Turning to the demand of aluminum in India on Slide 16. Q1 FY '26 demand is expected to reach 
1.44 million tons, reflecting a 10% year-on-year growth. The key drivers of this demand are due 
to strong growth in the electrical and solar panel segments. The global FRP demand continues 
to be resilient, supported by long-term sustainability trends and structural demand drivers across 
key markets. 
In beverage packaging, sustainability preferences are clearly influencing packaging choices, 
driving a steady shift towards aluminum. Demand remains strong across regions, underscoring 
aluminum's growing relevance as a preferred sustainable solution. In the automotive sector, the 
focus on lightweighting and innovation to enhance vehicle performance remains a key growth 
lever. 
 
While macroeconomic weakness in China and Europe is leading to slower growth in build rates, 
North America continues to benefit from a favorable vehicle mix, particularly SUVs and trucks, 
which typically use a higher share of aluminum. However, ongoing tariff-related uncertainties 
are impacting near-term demand momentum. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
The specialty segment remains mixed, whilst the structurally undersupplied U.S. housing market 
provides a long-term tailwind. Demand in building and construction remains stable but 
somewhat subdued. Broader macroeconomic and policy uncertainties, including tariffs, and a 
slower-than-expected EV rollout are also muting demand in specific segments like batteries, 
truck and trailer and light gauge products. 
 
Aerospace demand remains strong with persistent orders and multiyear OEM backlogs 
continuing to support sectoral growth. Sustainability is also gaining prominence in aerospace 
material selection. However, high inventory levels and global tariffs are impacting parts of the 
supply chain, adding to complexity in ramping up production. 
Overall, while near-term challenges persist in some geographies and segments, the medium- to 
long-term outlook for global FRP demand remains positive, underpinned by secular trends in 
sustainability, lightweighting and innovation across industries. The India FRP demand in 
financial year 2026 is supposed to grow by around 6% to 7% on a year-on-year basis, led by a 
strong demand from the construction, packaging and consumer durables section. 
 
Turning to the copper industry on Slides 18 and 19. In quarter 2 calendar year '25, Chinese 
production reflected a growth of around 8% year-on-year, reaching 3.2 million tons, while 
consumption increased by around 8% year-on-year at 4.4 million tons, resulting in a deficit of 
around 1.2 million tons. 
In the rest of the world, production grew by around 2% year-on-year at 3.7 million tons, while 
consumption increased by around 1% year-on-year at 2.9 million tons, leading to a surplus of 
0.7 million tons this quarter. As a result, the overall global production of copper grew by around 
5% year-on-year at 6.8 million tons and consumption increased by around 5% year-on-year at 
7.3 million tons, leading to a deficit of 0.5 million tons this quarter. 
 
On the domestic copper market, this quarter demand, including domestic supplies and scrap, 
increased by 19% year-on-year at 423 Kt versus 356 Kt in the prior period. The annual 
benchmark TC/RCs for 2025 was finalized at $0.054 a pound, reflecting a steep decline of 73% 
from 2024 levels of $0.205 per pound. 
The global concentrate market remains under significant supply pressures with spot TC/RCs 
dropping to record lows, driven by intense competition and aggressive bidding by traders. That 
said, spot smelters buying terms now appear to have stabilized around the negative $0.10 per 
pound. 
 
Details of the operational and financial performance in each of our business segments this 
quarter compared to the corresponding period of last year as well as the previous quarters are 
covered in further slides and annexures to this presentation. Let me conclude today's 
presentations with some key takeaways. 
Hindalco is future-ready aligned to its core philosophy of engineering better futures. Our 
strategic focuses to scale up capacities across both aluminum and copper upstream and to 
quadruple downstream EBITDA by FY '30 from the 2024 baseline remains intact. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
In quarter 1 FY '26, we delivered a global industry-leading aluminum upstream EBITDA per 
ton, reaffirming our position in the first quartile of the global cost curve. This performance 
reflects our strong operational efficiency, cost discipline and consistent execution. Our key 
upstream expansion projects like Chakla and Meenakshi Coal Mine, Aditya Alumina Refinery, 
Aditya aluminum smelter and copper smelter are progressing well and remain on schedule. 
 
On the downstream front, Hindalco reported its highest ever quarterly aluminum downstream 
EBITDA and EBITDA per ton. Aluminum downstream EBITDA grew by 108% year-on-year 
in Q1, supported by strong volumes and better product mix. We have begun the commissioning 
of key projects, including the Aditya FRP facility and the copper tube plant with inner group 
tube capabilities. 
 
In line with our strategy to build high-margin differentiated platforms, we announced the 
acquisition of 100% equity stake in U.S.-based alumina chemicals manufacturer, AluChem, at 
an enterprise value of $125 million that is subject to statutory approvals. This marks an important 
step towards strengthening our global specialty alumina portfolio. Our copper e-waste and 
recycling projects also remain on track for FY '27 commissioning, reinforcing our commitment 
to sustainability-driven growth. 
 
In Novelis, despite a tough macroeconomic environment, our business continues to hold steady, 
delivering a 1% growth in shipments this quarter. Beverage packaging, our largest end-use 
segment, remains a key growth driver, registering a solid growth of 8% year-on-year. Other end 
markets have remained relatively stable even amid mounting economic pressures.  
To mitigate margin pressure and drive long-term profitability, we are moving swiftly on our 3-
year $300 million structural cost reduction program. The early actions include organization 
restructuring, streamlining our manufacturing footprint and process enhancements are already 
delivering results. 
Based on accelerated progress, we have now raised our FY '26 exit savings target to over $100 
million, up from the earlier estimate of $75 million. Moreover, improving scrap spreads, 
accelerated cost reduction benefits in FY '26 will help address the impact of tariffs leading to 
improved margins going forward. 
 
On the investment front, we are staying ahead by building capacity aligned with long-term 
growth in sustainable aluminum demand. Our Bay Minette greenfield rolling and recycling 
facility in the U.S. is progressing on schedule. At the same time, we are ramping up operations 
at Guthrie, Kentucky, and Ulsan, South Korea, both of which were commissioned late last fiscal 
year. 
Additionally, this quarter, we started commissioning a hot mill debottlenecking project at our 
Logan JV plant in the U.S., which will unlock an incremental 80 Kt of hot mill capacity once 
fully ramped. Our disciplined capital allocation, superior execution and the focus on high-value 
segments will drive sustainable growth regardless of near-term market volatility. Hindalco isn't 
just prepared for the future, but is advancing into its next phase with scale, purpose and 
confidence. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
Thank you very much for your attention, and we will now open the forum up for any questions 
you have. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mr. Amit Kumar Murarka from Axis Capital. 
Amit Murarka: 
So on the downstream aluminum business, you have like posted a strong margin yet again at 
$264 a ton. Just wanted to understand what is driving that? And also with Aditya FRP starting, 
what can we expect the margin to be in the coming quarter and year? 
Satish Pai: 
So what is driving the downstream EBITDA improvement is we are moving up the value chain. 
So we, instead of just selling extrusions, are now selling battery enclosures to EV manufacturers. 
So that gives us a margin on the extrusion as well as a further margin on the end product, which 
is fabricated. So we have a number of examples like that where we are starting to move up the 
value chain and hence, the EBITDA per ton is increasing. 
 
Now the other point to note is we are roughly shipping about 100 Kt on the aluminum 
downstream in India. And once the FRP 2A comes in and the Silvassa plant reaches capacity, 
we should be shipping 150 Kt because our capacity then goes to 600 Kt. So over the next 
quarters, you're going to steadily see the volumes going up and the EBITDA per ton improving. 
Amit Murarka: 
Okay. So in that case, can we expect like a $300-plus number kind of coming through maybe 
sometime by end of this year or next year? 
Satish Pai: 
I think that's our target. I think that it will be between $250 and $300. 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. And on FRP now, what is the scheduled commissioning status? And what is the volume 
that we can expect this year and next year? 
Satish Pai: 
So this year, we are targeting roughly 70 Kt. So we have started selling commercial from June, 
July months already, and the ramp-up is going well. We planned for about 70 Kt, but I'm hoping 
we can do a bit more if the ramp-up goes smoothly. 
Amit Murarka: 
Got it. And also on the aluminum COP, could you give guidance for Q1 -- sorry, Q2 and like 
how was it in Q1? 
Satish Pai: 
So Q1, we were pleasantly happy that the cost was down 3% versus Q4, and the reason was 
because we got a much higher amount of linkage coal. Some of it was due in NCL region, which 
is our most difficult area. So linkage coal was around 63%, and we got the linkage coal. So our 
cost was down 3% versus Q4. 
I think Q2 is traditionally our most difficult quarter for coal because it's the monsoon. So I think 
that our costs will go up by about 3% in Q2 versus Q1 because of the monsoon and the coal 
impact. Also, CP coke prices have gone a little bit higher. So Q1 was a very pleasant surprise 
for us with the cost coming down by 3%, but Q2 probably will go back to Q4 levels of pricing -
- cost. 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. And just lastly, could you provide the alumina sales volume in the quarter as well? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Satish Pai: 
So the alumina sales in Q1 was 170 Kt and in Q2 should be more like 190 Kt to 200 Kt. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Ritesh Shah from Investec India. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, my first question is, earlier on the call yesterday, we gave a number of $60 million specific 
to the tariff impact. I wanted to understand what is the underlying Midwest and LME assumption 
that we are baking in over here? And if you can provide any sensitivity around that would be 
great. 
Satish Pai: 
Steve? Dev? 
Steven Fisher: 
Yes, I'm here. So the $60 million takes in all factors that we talked about yesterday on a per 
quarter basis with the tariff rate of 50% today. So that includes coils coming from Korea, Brazil, 
its implications on our China business itself. The underlying aluminum assumption is not the 
most sensitive part of the equation. 
You can roughly think about it at current LME prices. The more sensitive is the premium, the 
Midwest premium associated in the North America marketplace and then some of the offset drop 
in premiums in the other regions. But the underlying aluminum assumption itself isn't the most 
sensitive piece of the equation. 
Ritesh Shah: 
So what is the Midwest premium that we have assumed over here? Is it closer to $1,500 when 
we give this number of $60 million negative impact? 
Steven Fisher: 
It is. It is close to $1,500. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay. And would you like to give some sensitivity around the Midwest premium? 
Steven Fisher: 
The Midwest premium, I mean, historically trades in the $400 true basis premium. As you think 
about the setting of the 232 tariffs going from 25% up to 50%, most of the flow of aluminum 
comes from Canada down into the U.S. And so in essence, the majority now of the 50% 232 
tariff is embedded into the Midwest premium plus the logistics premium. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. And just a follow-up over here. When we give this number of $60 million, are we also 
factoring in the adverse impact of price elasticity of demand and the product mix will be 
definitely less desirable than what we would have anticipated? 
Steven Fisher: 
No, that is not part of the $60 million. So demand destruction, as we've talked about in the overall 
consumer demand to date. North America markets, beverage packaging stayed strong. We do 
continue to see a healthy auto business, especially with what we're selling into with larger 
vehicles. Ford had a very positive quarter itself, our largest customer. The specialties markets 
are kind of stable and going sideways. So this is not factoring in any potential inflationary factors 
that could cause economic headwinds and demand destruction in the second half of the year. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. That's helpful. My second question is for Mr. Pai. Sir, you indicated on copper-based 
recycling. Is it possible to indicate what sort of cash flows can we expect from this particular 
business given it's not very far now? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, the ROCE -- I mean, most of the IRRs on these projects are higher than mid-teens in the 
copper recycling. And the margins are 2x to 3x of the smelting business. Of course, fair to say 
TC/RCs are fairly low now. But because it's a scrap-based copper production, the margins, let's 
say, are going to be very, very healthy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Sumangal from Kotak Securities. 
Sumangal: 
Sir, first question is on the captive coal mines. So given that now we are nearing, is it possible 
to share what is the commercial -- what is the volumes we are looking at in FY '27, '28, '29 from 
captive coal mines, all the 3 put together, Chakla, Meenakshi and Bandha. 
Satish Pai: 
Right. What's the 3-year projection. So let me tell you, the box cut is going to be this year for 
both Chakla and Bandha. So commercial coal will start somewhere February, March, April of 
next year. And I think that Chakla in the first year should be producing, we are hoping around 
0.5 million tons to 1 million tons. Bandha, because the stripping ratio is so very high, the first 
coal will only come towards the end of FY '27. Meenakshi, of course, because we just got it, 
there the production is more like late FY '28. The 3 mines put together... 
Satish Pai: 
I was just saying the 3 mines put together roughly will give us around 20 million tons of coal 
when they are running fully. 
Sumangal: 
Okay. So '27 is just maybe 1 million ton, 1.5 million tons. And then FY '28 is when we actually 
see an increase in coal? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. 
Sumangal: 
Okay. Understood. Sir, how should we look at capex increasing over the next 2, 3 years? If you 
could just give some ballpark annual capex sense to us for the India business? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, I'll give you -- so this year, we are at INR7,500 crores to INR8,000 crores. Next year, we'll 
be around INR15,000 crores. 
Sumangal: 
Okay. And FY '28 would be the peak, somewhere higher? 
Satish Pai: 
I don't think so. I think between FY '27, '28, '29, because we'll try to make sure that we phase 
the capex a little bit. Because -- next year will be the peak because Aditya refinery, copper 
recycling would be largely complete. And then the first part of the aluminum smelter expansion 
will be coming in. So the second smelter expansion and all that, which we have announced in 
our INR50,000 crores, we will phase it a little bit. So not ready to give you exact numbers for 
'28, '29, but next year will be INR15,000 crores. 
Sumangal: 
Understood. And just, sir, one last question... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to intervene, sir. Could you please rejoin the queue. 
 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Prateek Singh from DAM Capital Advisors Limited. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Prateek Singh: 
Sir, if you could elaborate a bit more on the -- so when we say copper and e-waste recycling, 
can we assume that the bulk of it would be e-waste? Or would we also be procuring scrap like 
used motors, mulberry scrap and things like that, given that e-waste still is something which is 
in nascent stages in India, procuring other kinds of scrap might be a bit easier. So that's the first 
question, to elaborate a bit more on the copper recycling part. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. I think that, first, by the way, e-waste is quite well available in India. And in fact, it gets 
exported to Belgium, Umicore, and all that. But to your specific question, yes, we will start with 
a lot more copper scrap and slowly build up the e-waste. 
Prateek Singh: 
Understood. And the second one is on the copper business. What kind of hedging gains or losses 
we booked this quarter? And does the guidance of INR600 crores a quarter still stand? 
Satish Pai: 
So copper is largely an offset hedging model. So there is not much gain or loss on copper 
hedging. Aluminum is the forward where we have that. And yes, the INR600 crore guidance 
still holds. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I had a question on the acquisition of AluChem. Can you give us some color on the EBITDA of 
this company last year? And what is the scalability of this business? Because I understand 
specialty alumina is a high-margin business. So some color on that acquisition, please? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. So we bought this company, as we said, $125 million EV valuation. The EBITDA is 
roughly $25 million. But we made this acquisition more to get access to technology like tabular 
alumina, low soda, high purity, because these are the products that actually today are imported 
into India. 
So we want to bring that technology to India very quickly as well. So if you remember from the 
April investor call, we are roughly selling 500,000 tons of specialty alumina, and we want to get 
to about 1 million tons over the next 3 to 4 years. So it's a part of that broader strategy to sell 
more specialty alumina, but we need to get access to technology. 
So we are actively looking to make technology acquisitions as well. So this was not really an 
acquisition to gain large volumes in the U.S., but more to gain access to technology that we can 
then deploy in India. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Just a follow-up question. Are we looking at incremental capex in this area? And any kind of 
numbers on that, or even acquisitions? 
Satish Pai: 
So we are actively looking, but I can tell you the capex in this type of businesses is more like 
the INR200 crores, INR300 crore type of deal. So it's not large numbers. It's a high-tech business, 
so that technology is very critical. It's not a capital intensive, it's more a technology-intensive 
business. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right, sir. My second question is for Novelis team. So I was in the call yesterday to ask this 
question. We've seen a number of your U.S. peers repeatedly giving strong guidance for 1Q, 2Q 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
and for calendar 2025 as well. And since a large part of our business is in the U.S., we have, for 
the last 2 quarters, refrained from doing so. Is there any great difference in our business and say, 
your peers in the U.S., more who have been like Constellium, who've been repeatedly increasing 
their guidance and giving a better picture of 2025? Yes. 
Devinder Ahuja: 
I think that we have already indicated that we are bottoming out at this EBITDA level, and this 
is despite all the headwinds that are coming at us, whether it is tariff or whether it is the continued 
scrap situation, which is better, but still elevated. 
Now what is specifically impacting us is the fact that given the constrained capacities in the U.S. 
-- so this is something important for you to understand. At this moment, we are capacity 
constrained in the U.S., which is forcing us to have more inter-region movement of products in 
a tariff regime. And that is what is muting things. And that is exactly what we are working on 
right now with tariff mitigation actions. 
 
And I want to be very clear because I think there was some confusion from the notes that came 
out from yesterday's call that our tariff mitigation actions are absolutely distinct and over and 
above the cost takeout plan. So this is a separate set of actions to be able to have some more 
access to manufacturing capacity in the U.S., which will be a tariff mitigation plan. 
 
Now to your question, why are we not giving guidance? We simply see moving parts and 
therefore, we want to refrain getting too much ahead of ourselves, does not mean that we will 
not have all the improvement actions playing in. We are very confident about our execution. 
And from here, things will look up to the point about EBITDA bottoming out. 
So just because we're not giving guidance, given the number of variables, we want to be a bit 
prudent, does not mean that we don't have a plan of action. In fact, we have a very robust plan 
of action in progress in order to defend margins and improve margins. So that's really the plan. 
And we have always said that our anchor is $600 per ton, and our confidence level that we have 
all the actions in place to get there is very high. 
Satish Pai: 
So just to add to that, remember that the other people don't have a shipment coming in from 
other countries into the U.S. We have coming from Korea and Canada, and that is actually the 
negative impact that we are dealing with. The others don't have that point. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Can I just ask a follow-up on the total volume that we ship in from Korea and Canada? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
Yes. So altogether, from Korea and a little bit from South America, altogether, it is about 170 
Kt approximately that we bring in into the U.S., which just shows how we are addressing the 
volume of demand supply gap that we are addressing ourselves. And from Canada, it is of the 
order of about 90 kilotons annual. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Parthiv from Anand Rathi. 
Parthiv: 
This is pertaining to the captive coal blocks, especially Chakla and Bandha. I believe a couple 
of quarters back it was indicated that some cost savings from Chakla would be around $7, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
I just wanted to understand if you can quantify what would be the cost savings from Chakla, 
Bandha and Meenakshi when all ramps up on a per ton basis? 
Satish Pai: 
So actually, just to be on record, we have never given exact number of how much the saving will 
be. So I think that the way to look at it is that today, the cheapest coal that we have is on the 
linkage side. And we have said that when all our captive mines come on, we should get about a 
30% reduction in the cost level. But specific mine by mine, we have not given any guidance. 
Parthiv: 
Sure. And sir, my second question is pertaining to the copper. Considering the crunch globally, 
can you help us understand by when can we get back to that -- surpass that INR600 and INR700 
levels and go back to that INR800 EBITDA level per quarter? 
Satish Pai: 
So I think that it will be fair to say that TC/RCs are going to remain quite subdued even next 
year because supply/demand is not balanced. But I think the way we are trying to mitigate that 
is by getting into copper scrap. So we are putting 50 Kt of copper scrap that will come online by 
December of next year. That 50 kt, then we will expand up to 200 Kt in modules of 50 Kt. So 
that is one way that we are going to get a sustainable increase in the EBITDA of copper. 
 
The second is we are getting into more value add. So even if we don't make much money from 
copper, TC/RC and cathodes, we are expanding downstream of copper, to copper IGT, to copper 
foil, to copper alloy rods. So that is a more downstream of copper that gives us the additional 
EBITDA per ton coming in. TC/RCs themselves difficult to predict till more new mines come 
in. But I think that the next couple of years, TC/RCs are going to remain subdued. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Satyadeep Jain from AMBIT Capital. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
First question on the smelter. We understand you've already placed an EPC order for the alumina 
refinery to L&T. Just there's no news flow around the smelter. Just you're talking about phasing 
of the smelter also. Maybe can you talk about the plan, the contracting and all, what's the update 
there? 
Satish Pai: 
So alumina refinery, copper recycling, all orders placed, construction started. These are the 2 
projects that are ongoing at peak right now. The aluminum 180-pot expansion, we are now 
starting to place orders and we will move fast ahead. 
I think that the next pot addition that we had already put in and the copper smelter that we are 
doing in -- copper smelter, we still have to go to the public hearing and EC process there. Those 
are the ones that are going to be FY '28 onwards. The alumina refinery and the copper recycling 
is FY '26, '27 peak spend. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. But you expect both refinery and smelter to get commissioned in FY '28? 
Satish Pai: 
The 180-pot will come in more or less with the refinery, yes. Because the refinery project, we 
already got the EC, and we have started to place the orders. So the peak spend of that smelter 
will probably happen in FY '28. The copper smelter is the one that we will probably -- we'll give 
you the timing when that comes in. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. And the other one was the RERTC. I just want to check, I think it was earlier expected to 
commission earlier this year. What is the update there? And would that be ready by the time the 
smelter comes online? 
Satish Pai: 
So unfortunately, all these renewable power projects in India are running late. So we had 
expected June that we would start to get 100 megawatts of RTC. Now we expect it to be more 
like October, November. So I think that the renewable power mix is going to take some time to 
come in, because in India what is happening is that grid connectivity approvals are becoming 
quite slow. 
Now I think that what we will do is that as long as we have thermal power, we will not slow 
down our expansion projects. We will continue to strive towards the 30% renewable target. But 
it would be fair to say that as long as we have coal and thermal power, we will not slow down 
our projects because of that. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. Because in the cost -- earlier you had indicated that given RPO obligations and coal cost 
increase, generally, you don't expect any meaningful change in cost. Is that stand still there in 
terms of cost for power from this? 
Satish Pai: 
So if two years out we look at, and with our own coal mines coming in, we expect our coal cost 
to be about 30% lower than linkage prices. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
So this would be higher versus captive power, right? 
Moderator: 
Participants, please give us a moment while we reconnect the management. 
Satish Pai: 
All right. So Satyadeep, I don't know if I -- I'm just going to repeat the answer -- sorry, your 
question. You were saying what power is cheaper than captive power? 
Satyadeep Jain: 
The new RERTC coming in, that would be captive power using captive coal using captive mines, 
they would be materially cheaper versus the RERTC power coming in even after you factor in 
RPO and... 
Satish Pai: 
It is true that the power from the captive sources will be cheaper than RTC power, yes. But the 
advantage of RTC over 10 or 15 years is that it does not inflate. So when we do the math over a 
5- or 10-year period, then the RTC power is also attractive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Pallav Agarwal from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
So the first question was on the copper business. So you mentioned that probably spot TC/RCs 
were somewhere in the negative region. So how much exposure do we have in our business to 
the spot TC/RCs, or none at all? 
Satish Pai: 
Very little. Very little, because more than 85% to 90% is long-term contracts. And when we go 
on the spot, we are looking for specific cargoes that are heavy on gold, et cetera. So we have not 
got a single supply on negative TC/RC is what I can tell you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Sure, sir. And have most of the lower contract TC/RCs, are they already flown into the business 
or probably some of them will still flow through in the next quarter? 
Satish Pai: 
It will still flow through, because if you look at the effective TC/RC this quarter, it was about 
$0.11, whereas the benchmark is $0.05. So we are also taking concentrates of different qualities 
and trying to maximize our return. So we sometimes look -- because it's in India, we look for 
more gold-heavy concentrate. So we try to do different things to mitigate, but it has not all flown 
in yet. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Yes. But we're still maintaining a INR600 crore guidance factoring all this. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, because we have the sulfuric acid and the downstream chain that is actually providing the 
bulk of our profits. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Sure, sir. Lastly, in the accounts, we mentioned we've taken an impairment loss of INR160 crores 
for certain coal mines. So which coal business, if you can share... 
Satish Pai: 
Kathautia. We are in the process of returning Kathautia. So for that, we had to write off some of 
the mining rights, et cetera. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
So out of the earlier coal blocks that we had won, so are we running any of those mines or most 
of them have already been surrendered? 
Satish Pai: 
So out of 4, 3 have been -- 2 have been surrendered. The third one is going to be surrendered, 
Kathautia. So we are running only IV/4 right now. That too at a limited amount based on need. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Sure. So obviously, the linkage coal probably is more beneficial compared to those captive coal, 
right? 
Satish Pai: 
Correct. But sometimes in the monsoons and all that, then IV/4 for the last 4 monsoons has come 
useful, because the quality of coal is much better. And normally, Coal India coal during 
monsoons, the GCB drops a lot. So then rather than get imported coal to mix, we use IV/4. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Somaiah from Avendus Spark Institutional Equities. 
Somaiah: 
Sir, my first question is on Novelis. So if you see, quarter-on-quarter amongst the regions in 
terms of drop in EBITDA, LatAm and Asia lately has been better compared to Europe and U.S. 
So are we relatively insulated in terms of scrap spread decline here? That's the first part of the 
question. 
 
Second, if you could just help us understand a bit on the sourcing of scrap within these regions 
in terms of contracts. I mean, typically, what is the span for a contract? And what is the price 
lag at which it comes? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
So your first question was whether Asia and South America are relatively insulated. Is that your 
question? 
Somaiah: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Devinder Ahuja: 
Yes. So let's talk about Asia. So Asia, the markets are doing very well. And also Asia is getting 
the benefit of the demand in North America because, as I already alluded to earlier, we are using 
Asian capacities to meet North American demand. Now you see that volumes sequentially are 
up in Asia, 201 Kt to 215 Kt. 
So you know by now that in our case, operating leverage works very well on incremental 
volumes. And between the 2 quarters, the overall situation on recycling is stable to positive. So 
basically, because of better scale, better volumes, we have got the benefit of that. And so you 
see a steady EBITDA performance sequentially. 
 
As far as South America goes, well, I mean, I would say that the market is doing pretty well. It 
is like steady. I mean, seasonality apart, because fourth quarter is seasonally the best quarter in 
South America. It is slightly lower in this quarter. So it's basically steady performance, and that 
just shows up in the steady EBITDA. The overall scrap situation, again, is stable to positive 
between the 2 quarters. So these are all the factors to understand for Asia and South America. 
Somaiah: 
Sir, just a clarification there. So one, in terms of volume and operating leverage, I get that part. 
But in terms of, let's say, absolute increase in scrap prices quarter-on-quarter across these 4 
regions, where LatAm and Asia are relatively, I mean, lower in terms of increase compared to 
Europe and North America, does that also play a part? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
You are saying, on scrap prices? 
Somaiah: 
Yes, yes, correct. 
Devinder Ahuja: 
I mean, I would say that between the 2 -- overall, globally, I would say that it has been kind of 
steady between the 2 quarters, steady to improving. The one which has benefited for some part 
of the quarter, the full benefit will come in the current ongoing quarter from the much higher 
premiums. 
We will see a more distinct benefit of that in the current quarter. But let's say that between the 2 
quarters, the overall scrap availability, spreads, et cetera, have been kind of steady to positive. 
So that has not played a major negative role for sure between the 2 quarters. And I can make this 
comment across geographies. Now in Europe, we have been impacted by the drop in the local 
market premium, ECDP. There is a bit of an impact of that. But largely, I would say, stable 
situation to a bit positive is the way to think about scrap between the 2 quarters. 
Somaiah: 
Got it, sir. Sir, in terms of U.S. scrap sourcing, if you could just help us in terms of roughly what 
level of sourcing is contracted? And how much do we buy on spot? And I mean, how much is 
kind of getting imported for us and how much is domestically sourced? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
Yes. So before the start of the year, in the U.S., we have contracted well over 50%. And the 
reason for that is very clear. We don't want to take volume risks. We want to make sure that we 
have access to scrap. And just given the situations we have been seeing, it is always prudent to 
make sure that we have secured supplies and some certainty in the spread. So by implication, 
the rest of the scrap is procured in the spot market. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Somaiah: 
And this 50% what we have contracted, the pricing for this will be a 3-month average, 6-month 
average? I mean, how does it work for pricing? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
Look, we are getting into details that we normally don't. But indicatively, what I can tell you is 
that we contract spread percentage in most of the cases. And in some cases, we link it to external 
indexes, not too many of those cases. But in some cases, we do link it to external indexes. So 
there are different kinds of contracting. But these are the 2 ways in which we do it. 
Somaiah: 
Helpful, sir. One clarification. So we did speak about this $60 million impact. But otherwise, 
let's keep aside taking quantities from other regions, but left alone, the U.S. operations for 
someone who's procuring scrap in the domestic market and getting the benefits of higher 
Midwest premium, we should have seen a Q-o-Q increase in backward integration profitability. 
That's the right way to understand? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
So you are saying that we should have had a lot more improvement because of the higher 
Midwest. Is that the implication of your question? 
Somaiah: 
Yes, yes. So I mean, compared to scrap price increase, the Midwest has kind of done well. So 
we should have ideally flown. So is this part of the reported EBITDA or because we are getting 
via the metal price lag, it's not actually getting reflected? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
Yes. So metal price lag is a completely different matter, and I can quickly explain that to you. 
But coming to your underlying question or concern, Midwest basically went up much later in 
the quarter. The increase to levels of $1,500 that we have seen came towards the later end of the 
quarter. So we are yet to see the full benefit of that. That would be sitting in the scrap inventories 
and will get unlocked as we get into this quarter. Yes, so that's what it is. 
 
And metal price lag, we should not mix -- and all that is in EBITDA. To your point, does the 
scrap benefit and all the benefit of the Midwest going up, widening spreads, does it get captured 
in EBITDA? Yes, it does. There is a bit of a timing element to that. And metal price lag is a very 
different thing. 
Metal price lag and the benefit that you see there is because the Midwest goes up, we see the 
benefit of the inventory which we have bought at lower Midwest and we sell at higher Midwest, 
that is what creates metal price lag. So that's really what it is. 
Somaiah: 
This is basically for the non-integrated part, which we have bought at the lower end... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir... 
Somaiah: 
Yes, no problem. I'll take it later. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ms. Raashi from Citigroup. 
Raashi: 
Could you please just repeat the India cash number? 
Satish Pai: 
You mean how much cash we have in the treasury? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Raashi: 
Yes, please. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, it's about INR18,000 crores. 
Unknown Executive 
Net INR11,000 crores. 
Satish Pai: 
Net is INR11,000 crores of the debt. The treasury has about INR18,000 crores. 
Raashi: 
Okay. So this is just at the India level, right, INR11,000 crores net? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. Long-term debt is about INR7,000-odd crores. Treasury is about INR18,000 crores. 
Raashi: 
Okay. And the capex in India in the first quarter? 
Satish Pai: 
INR1,273 crores. Guidance for the full year is about INR7,500 crores to INR8,000 crores. 
Raashi: 
Got it. And for the hedges, you said 20% of the commodity is hedged at $2,666 per ton and 18% 
is at INR87 for the second quarter, right? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. Correct. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Satish Pai: 
So thank you for your attention. I think that on one hand, the India business is doing very well. 
On the other hand, I think Novelis has a clearly outlined plan of how they're going to handle the 
headwinds with the measures that they are taking. And I think that based on that, I think second 
half of this year, you're going to see an improvement in the Novelis performance. So with that, 
I thank you for your attention, everyone. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. In case of any questions, we request you to connect with the Investor Relations 
team at Hindalco. On behalf of Hindalco Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
