 
 
 
Brainbees Solutions Limited                                                                          CIN: L51100PN2010PLC136340 
Corporate/Registered Office:- Rajashree Business Park, Plot No. 114, Survey No. 338, Tadiwala Road, Nr. Sohrab 
Hall, Pune – 411001 Contact: +91-8482989157 Email Id:legal@firstcry.com  Website: www.firstcry.com 
 
FC/SE/2025-26/36 
August 19, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: FIRSTCRY 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 544226 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Audio-Video Earnings Call | Quarter ended June 30, 2025 results  
  
Ref: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing 
Regulations”) and our earlier intimation dated August 07, 2025 bearing reference no. 
FC/SE/2025-26/28 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
In terms of Regulation 30 and Regulation 46 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
Listing Regulations, please see enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call with the 
Analysts/Investors held on Wednesday, August 13, 2025 post announcement of Un-audited 
Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended June 
30, 2025. 
The audio-video recording of the Earnings Call along with the Transcript has been uploaded 
on the Company’s website and the same can be accessed from the link provided below: 
https://www.firstcry.com/investor-relations/quarterly-results.   
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Brainbees Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Neha Surana  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ICSI Membership No.: A35205 
Encl: Transcript of the Audio-Video Earnings Call  
 
Neha 
Virendra 
Surana
Digitally signed 
by Neha 
Virendra Surana 
Date: 2025.08.19 
16:01:30 +05'30'

 
 
 
1 
 
 
“Brainbees Solutions Limited (FirstCry) - Earnings Call 
Q1 FY26 Results” 
August 13, 2025, 6.00 p.m. IST 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Managing Director & CEO 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Chief Business Officer 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Country Head, Middle East Business 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
CEO, Globalbees 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Investor Relations 
 
 
 

 
 
 
2 
 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Brainbees Solutions 
Limited Q4 and Financial Year 2025 earnings call. This is Anish 
Arora, and I have with me, Mr. Supam Maheshwari, Managing 
Director and CEO of the Company, Mr. Gautam Sharma, 
Group Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Vivek Goel, Chief Business 
Officer of the Company, Mr. Abhinav Sharma, Country Head 
of Middle East Business Operations and Mr. Anuj Jain, CEO 
Globalbees. 
 
Kindly note that this call is meant for analysts and investors of 
the Company. We wish to highlight that the call is being 
recorded and by participating in this event, you consent to 
such recording, distribution and publication. All participants 
have been muted as per the default mode and participants 
will be unmuted once we open the Q&A forum for the 
members to ask questions after the presentation from the 
management concludes. 
 
We will be covering the presentation in the beginning of the 
call and we will there after open for the Q&A forum. We 
would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and the 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the investor 
presentation shared with you.  
 
With this, I hand over to Mr. Supam Maheshwari. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you, Anish 
 
Good evening, friends. Welcome to our Q1FY26 performance 
update meeting. We are very happy to report 25% growth in 
our adjusted EBITDA for the consol business for the first 
quarter, vis-a-vis, the Q1 FY25. Also at a consol level, first time 
we have become Free Cash Flow positive, at a consol business 
level. Growth in Q1 in India multi-channel has got moderated 
on count of several factors. Broadly due to slow down in the 

 
 
 
3 
 
consumer sector, consumption side and macro factors, 
including changes in the last mile delivery ecosystem, which 
also impacted our performance in the Q1. And a bit of an 
elevated geopolitical tension in North India. All of these have 
led to a little slower growth than what we had anticipated. 
However, we see encouraging signs in the month of July. We 
have observed the growth in early teens in July, over  the 
previous July. Overall, our India multi-channel business 
continued to be PBT and Free Cash Flow positive in Q1FY26. 
 
International business continued to deliver, as we have 
discussed in our few previous calls. We have been able to 
deliver sustainable growth, with an improvement of 30% 
year-on-year in the adjusted EBITDA, that you'll see in the 
subsequent slides. And we will continue our path on this 
sustainable growth for the International business and 
reducing our burn materially. 
 
And on the Globalbees front, we delivered another strong 
quarter of organic growth, with core categories driving the 
significant momentum, close to around 40%.  
 
I hand over, now for more detailed discussions and updates 
to Gautam. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thanks Supam. 
 
So this is the performance summary for the consol business. 
The revenue in Q1FY26 has grown by 13% year-on-year to 
reach INR 18,626 million. We continue to improve the gross 
margin, the gross margin expanded by 82 bps. It's an absolute 
increase of 15% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA, which Supam 
talked about in the previous slide, it has increased by 25% in 
abosloute terms, year-on-year. And if I talk about the 
percentage of the Adjusted EBITDA to revenue, it's 5% over 
4.5% in Q1FY25. Cash profit after tax, which is the net profit, 

 
 
 
4 
 
the net accounting profit after adjustments of the non-cash 
items, it has increased by 197% over Q1FY25. 
 
The next slide, we will talk about some of the KPIs, the consol 
KPIs. Annual unique transacting customers, this is for trailing 
12 months, is 10.8 million, which is an increase of 14% over 
June last year. Similarly, GMV for the consol business, which 
is the India multi-channel business and the Middle East 
business, has grown by 9% over Q1FY25. The next two 
pointers we have talked about in the previous slide, that is the 
revenue from operations, on a consol basis, as well as the 
adjusted EBITDA. India multi-channel adjusted EBITDA, which 
is the core business, it has delivered a growth of 12% over 
Q1FY25, largely driven by the expansion in the gross margins. 
We will talk about in detail, for the India multi-channel 
business in the coming slides. Cash profit after tax, we talked 
about in the previous slide, it's an increase of 197% over 
Q1FY25.  
 
Now, I will hand it over to Vivek to take you through the 
performance of the India multi-channel business.  
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Thank you, Gautam.  
 
As Supam mentioned in his opening remarks, Q1 this year had 
multiple moving parts for us. While the broad-based 
consumer slowdown, which we mentioned in our previous 
calls, continued, we also faced challenges in our last mile 
delivery ecosystem, which actually impacted the consumer 
experience in our online business. Q1 also witnessed close to 
a week sale in northern states getting impacted due to the 
India-Pakistan conflict. We also saw an unusually soft 
summer, which was caused by the early onset of monsoons, 
which further impacted our performance. Offline growth was 
also impacted by the store closures that we did in Q3 last year, 
as some of the sales remain in the base of Q1 last year for the 
same stores. 

 
 
 
5 
 
However, as Supam mentioned, that we have witnessed very 
encouraging signs of growth in July. I want to reiterate that 
while some of these things have impacted our growth in Q1, 
we have successfully navigated such challenges in the past, 
and we will surely do so, in the coming quarters.  
 
In terms of numbers, our Annual Unique Transacting 
customers in India multi-channel business has increased by 
14% to 10.3 million. Orders grew by about 6% to 9.5 million 
and GMV growth was 10% at INR 21,265 million. Anish, if we 
can move to the next slide. The revenue for India multi-
channel business grew by 8% to INR 12,366 million. Our 
adjusted EBITDA grew by 12%, for India multi-channel to INR 
1,067 million.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Just to add here, we continue to expand our gross margins. 
You can see, the numbers highlighted in green. Gross margin 
of 36.6% in Q1FY25 has increased to 37.8% in Q1FY26. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
 
Okay. I'll hand it over to Abhinav for the Middle East 
presentation. 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Thank you, Vivek.  
 
Good evening, everyone, and thanks for joining us over the 
call this evening. We'll just quickly go over the International 
business segment. We are seeing continuous growth across 
all key metrics. The levers in play, as we have outlined this in 
our previous calls, that sustainable growth is of prime 
importance and focus for us in this region, for both UAE and 
KSA, and we've been continuously executing our plans to 
achieve that kind of growth by essentially optimizing the top-
line mix, which thereby yields a superior GMV to revenue 
conversion, which you will see in the subsequent slides, and 
also superior margins. And also ensuring that our quality of 
acquisitions are very very high, or very very superior, because 

 
 
 
6 
 
this, in turn, adds to our overall sustainability idea and vision 
going forward.  
 
We saw a 14% increase in AUTC in Q1FY26, over Q1FY25. 7% 
increase in orders, the same time period, and GMV grew by 
3% in the same time period. However, we saw a 13% increase 
in revenue, and we've mentioned it before, that for the 
International business, revenue is a more apt number versus 
GMV. So we grew from INR 183 Crores to about INR 207 
Crores. Gross margin expansion was about 100 bps. More 
importantly, maintaining an equilibrium between growth as 
well as burn reduction. Our adjusted EBITDA improved both 
in terms of absolute as well as percentage points. Absolute 
reduction of 30% from INR 30 Crores to about INR 21.5 Crores. 
And percentage reduction by 700 bps. 
 
Anuj, over to you for Globalbees, please. 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Thanks a lot, Abhinav.  
 
Good evening, everyone. On the Globalbees front, we're very 
happy to report a 31% year-on-year growth from INR 324.5 
Crores in Q1FY25, to INR 426.5 Crores in Q1FY26. The 
Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue was 1% in this 
quarter. Our growth has been completely organic. The last 
acquisition that the company made was in September 2022. 
Globalbees operates in the core categories of Home 
Improvement and Utilities, Home Appliances, Health and 
Personal Care, and Active, Lifestyle and Accessories. These 
core categories contribute around 95% to our business. If we 
slice the numbers, revenue from core categories increased by 
40% plus year-on-year and these categories delivered an 
adjusted EBITDA, post-corporate expenses of 4.5% plus in 
Q1FY26.  
 
As mentioned on the previous call, we continue to rationalize 
the brand portfolio across other brands. Therefore, the 

 
 
 
7 
 
margins will be weighed down due to that for a few more 
quarters this year. However, this rationalization will be 
complete in this financial year itself.  
 
Gautam, over to you. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thanks Anuj.  
 
So this is a repetition of what we talked about in the first few 
slides, a summary of the consol performance. Revenue grew 
by 13%, margin expansion by 80 bps. And the adjusted EBITDA 
expansion by 50 bps, which is an absolute increase of 25% 
year-on-year. 
 
This is where we end our presentation.  
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Happy to take more questions. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, team. We can wait for a few minutes for the queue 
to get formed, and then we can start with the Q&A. 
 
I request participants to raise the hand for asking questions. 
We will unmute you one by one, and you will have the access 
to the mic. Please introduce yourself and the name of the 
organization you represent. The participants are also 
requested to limit their questions to a maximum of 2. For any 
follow-up questions, you may join the queue again.  
 
First question is from Mr. Sachin Dixit. Sachin, please unmute 
yourself. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Hi Gautam and Supam. This is Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. 
I had a couple of questions. So my first question was on India 
multi-channel business, where growth continues to get 
worse. And the question largely is, what can we do as a 
company, to drive growth out there, right? Because the 
weather-related impact, late winter was there, then early end 

 
 
 
8 
 
winter, now early end to summer, so these things will keep on 
happening. But what, as a company we are pushing to drive 
growth. Because until now, our online growth used to be 
good, but if I'm calculating the numbers correctly, even online 
growth seems to have dipped to, like, 11.5-12% this quarter. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sachin, I understand where you're coming from, and it's a very 
fair question. Some of these things, external event, may 
continue to happen, it's not in our control. We need to focus 
on what is in our control. And that's what we are working 
towards. Part of it is visible, and part of it will probably, we’ll 
be able to continue to demonstrate.  
 
So first, factual information is that July over July, the 
performance in India multi-channel has been, in early teens in 
terms of growth. So I think we are back on quite a good sort 
of a shape. And, we strongly believe that we should continue 
to deliver similar trajectory for the rest of the year as well. 
Having said this, what are the factors that will help us, that we 
are actually working towards? One of the most important 
things that we are working towards is building our,  you know, 
the impact that has been on us is from a last-mile customer 
experience perspective. And I can talk about both online and 
specifically on offline as well. So in the online, the impact has 
been largely because of the customer experience, and there 
have been, consolidation in last-mile logistics sort of service 
network, in the ecosystem, we all know that. And that has 
shrunk some of the capabilities. But at the same time, there 
has been a lot of demand that has been generated out of 
some of other players, which essentially led to a demand-
supply gap, leading to supply being constrained and leading 
to industry average going down in terms of delivery 
performances, which we believe, we need to work upon. And, 
as you would remember, we had started an experiment, a 
couple of months back. We talked about in the last quarter. 
Happy to report that we have expanded that experiment to 
now four cities. And we will continue to expand that to many 

 
 
 
9 
 
more cities, over a period of next few months. And there we 
have seen the results of a much superior growth year-on-year 
basis in those cities, where our tech platform and our local 
regional logistics partners are able to deliver a much superior 
customer experience, and able to have that growth back. So 
we believe, over a period of next few quarters, we will 
continue to work on it. Probably it'll never finish, that work 
will never finish. But, it's something that we want to really 
expand aggressively to control that customer experience, and 
being able to get the growth back. This is one thing that we 
are doing from an online perspective. Rest are things, from an 
online perspective, we continue to depend on some external 
factors like, environmental factors that unfortunately, we 
can't control. From an offline perspective, yes, there have 
been unseasonal rains, they do impact offline stores. But, we 
believe that, and the stores that we had closed in Q3, which 
Vivek talked about, were there in the base of Q1. Hopefully, 
once that base is gone, then I think you should be able to see 
superior growth, and some of the store size discussions that 
we have done last time around, will help us in improving our 
capital efficiency. So I think those are the ways that we are 
addressing the broad consumer slowdowns, especially in the 
offline, but we are very confident that what we have seen in 
July will continue to be able to live for the rest of the months 
in the fiscal year FY26. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Just a quick follow-up on that, are you happy with the speed 
of store expansion, offline store expansion, that you're doing 
in COCO format? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
See, look, I think we have put ourselves in a constrained way 
to be able to deliver that. We have optimized that. We will 
add in FY26 close to around 90 to 100 stores, what we added 
around 90 stores in FY25 as well, so that is what we'll be 
delivering for FY26 as well. 
 

 
 
 
10 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So the focus, Sachin, is to better the capital efficiency of the 
offline business. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
Right. Got it. Sure. My second question is on Globalbees, 
which is a business which continues to surprise positively 
every quarter. On that piece, I mean, two minor questions. 
The first one is, do you plan to start acquiring brands anytime 
soon, there? And secondly, as FirstCry investors, can they 
anticipate any liquidity from that business getting demerged, 
having its own IPO, or anything like that? Those were my two 
questions. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Anuj you want to take that, or you want me to take that? So, 
second question we'll take. 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Yeah, sorry, I was just unmuting. Yeah, Supam, carry on. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
No, go ahead with the first question, at least let's answer the 
first question, on the acquisition bit. 
 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Yeah, so on the first question, we have in our core categories, 
we already have quite a few categories and I think we have a 
very good spread of play to be able to grow, and it is very 
important for us to prioritize consolidation and financial 
prudence for us to be able to continue to grow with this kind 
of a margin profile. Therefore, acquisitions are not something 
that are on the cards or under consideration right now.  
 
On the second part, I'll let Supam take it on. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Just to add here, Sachin, the last acquisition we made was in 
September 2022. So, whatever growth we are delivering since 
the last couple of quarters, it is all completely organic growth.  
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
 
Yes, completely. 

 
 
 
11 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari  
So, on the second question, Sachin, from an exit path 
perspective, from a monetization for the shareholders of 
Globalbees. The company has a separate management team, 
which is run separately and also it has its separate board, and 
also it has a separate set of investors as well, apart from 
Brainbees as well, which includes Premji, Lightspeed, and 
Chiratae, and so on and so forth. Having said this, the most 
probable outcome for Globalbees as an outcome will be 
listing, which company and its shareholders will decide over a 
period of time, is when Brainbees also will find a monetization 
opportunity over a period of a few years. 
 
Mr. Sachin Dixit 
 
Fair enough. Thank you, and All the Best. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you, Sachin. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
 
Thank you, Sachin. The next question is from Sachin 
Salgaonkar. Sachin, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Sachin Salagonkar 
 
Thanks, Anish. Good day, management.  
 
A couple of questions from me, one on the core multi-channel 
business, and one on International. On the core multi-channel 
business, two parts to the question. One, are we seeing the 
impact of quick commerce on the business? And the question 
is because, you know, you guys are experimenting with this 
faster delivery in four cities, and clearly you're seeing traction. 
So I guess there is appetite for customers to get products at a 
much faster pace out there. The second part of this question 
is, clearly there were three factors which impacted the growth 
this quarter, consumption slowed down, last mile challenges, 
and what we saw in terms of the geopolitical issue. Now, the 
geopolitical issue is behind, and generally wanted to 
understand, Supam and Gautam, your thoughts on the 
consumption slowdown and last mile challenges. These have 
been there for a quarter or so, so what's the kind of a steady-

 
 
 
12 
 
state growth we should expect going ahead? At least for a few 
quarters before these things normalize.  
 
And, just to, call out my second question, I wanted to 
understand, again, the steady-state GMV growth for 
International business. We did see a 3% growth this quarter. 
How should one think about steady-state growth, and what 
are some of the things we should see from FirstCry to reach 
to that level? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
 
Sure, Abhinav, you want to take the second question first, and 
then we can come to the first one. 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Yeah. So, before I answer that question, I missed an update, a 
very important one for everybody. So very happy to announce 
that, in the Middle East, we'll be setting up our first store and 
operating our first store out of Riyadh in Saudi Arabia, well 
within the timelines of this quarter. Before the end of this 
quarter, we'll be live. So, this is our first step, baby step, while 
we go towards our omni-channel play, and a great testament 
again to the India playbook that we've evolved and developed 
over the last decade and a half.  
 
So Sachin, so first off, on the GMV, I would like to mention 
that for the International business, I think the right sort of a 
number to look at is a revenue growth, not GMV growth. So, 
in terms of your question on the sustained growth or a steady-
state model, I think, too early, right now. Because the reason 
why I'm saying this is because KSA is just 3 years old in the 
market in terms of business, and UAE is about 5, so these are 
still early days. However, when it comes to growth, we are 
very clear on our focus of having a sustained model of top-line 
growth. And when I say sustained, I mean maintaining an 
equilibrium between generating top line, which is also helping 
us, at the same time, reducing burn, because that's what we 
mentioned over the last few calls, and you've seen that in the 
second slide, where we've reduced the burn in absolute terms 

 
 
 
13 
 
at about 30% or so. So, while we do this, we are very very clear 
on acquiring customers that are having a very high or a 
superior quality in terms of retention, and thereby a longer 
sort of a LTV for us, generating or helping us expand our gross 
margins as well as strengthening our moats while we do this. 
This journey, I would say, in its infancy right now, so we need 
to give it, some bit of time, but the light at the end of the 
tunnel is very clear. You've seen that the cost or the losses are 
cut, quarter on quarter, and you would see that progressively 
from here on. And you will see growth coming as well on the 
back of both our home brand share improving, the 
acceptability of our home brands in both markets, UAE and 
KSA, while we improve the product assortment, product 
quality, and we sort of acquire and retain our customers, 
fending off any headwinds that we see continuously with 
heavy or deep discounting and, very robust or aggressive 
postures on marketing spends in the ecosystem.  
 
So, our first focus is unit economics improvement and then, 
from there on, while we do that, from there on, we then 
double down on our growth and marketing spends. That gives 
us the sort of an open playing field to expand and to grow 
sustainably. 
 
Mr. Sachin Salagonkar 
 
And sorry, Abhinav, what kind of steady-state growth are we 
talking? India business is early to mid-teens. Is that something 
similar as a growth we should look at, in the International 
business? 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
In the foreseeable future, I think, yes, because that would be 
a more sort of a sustained number. But, like I said, once we 
achieve a unit economics that is helping us, allowing us to 
double down on our marketing spends, we can then achieve 
a certain higher growth numbers as well. 
 
Mr. Sachin Salagonkar 
 
Got it. And foreseeable future is 1 to 2 years, I presume, right? 
 

 
 
 
14 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
 
I would say the next couple of quarters, for sure. 
 
Mr. Sachin Salagonkar 
Okay, got it. Thanks. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes, Sachin. So, coming back to the first question. So, there 
are certain factors and we talked about those factors leading 
to the kind of growth, and I think, look, we are putting our 
efforts as, Sachin Dixit asked that question. And I think, July is 
a testimony of that. So somewhere, some efforts are being 
put by government policies, some efforts are being put by our 
own efforts, in terms of improving the customer experience 
and the planning that is underway. And some are external 
factors, that should be helping us, during the course of our 
journey, should not surprise us negatively. With all of those, I 
think July has been a month that gives us the confidence that 
clearly, we should be in, as I mentioned, it was in early teens 
for us, July over July. We believe for the rest of the fiscal year, 
we should be able to demonstrate, or we should be able to 
deliver the similar kind of a growth for the India multi-channel 
business. While our focus, on our effort will remain what we 
can influence, which is delivery experience. And a bit, rest of 
the stuff, there are so many finer points that we don't want 
to get into that. Those are related to tech, merchandise and a 
lot of, a list of activities that we will end up doing, as a 
management team. However, the key focus areas will remain 
delivery experience, and we hope, we continue, strongly 
believe that we should be able to demonstrate what we saw 
in July. 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar 
And so, Supam, any thoughts on quick commerce? Is that 
impacting business, or not so much? 
  
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Nothing has changed, Sachin, is what we have mentioned in 
the last quarter update, or last couple of quarter updates. 
Nothing materially has changed for us, from a quick 
commerce, sort of a perspective. 
 
 

 
 
 
15 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
So, Sachin, the overlap at the category and the brand level is 
quite small. So, that's what, and that has not changed, per say, 
from a quick commerce point of view. And as Supam said, the 
core focus remains on customer experience improvement and 
the delivery experience improvement, which had actually 
suffered in the previous quarter. 
 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar 
 
Got it. And Supam, just a clarification, when you talk about 
early teen growth, are we referring to GMV growth or the 
revenue growth?  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
We mean revenue growth. 
Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar 
Okay. All right, thank you. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Sachin. The next question is from Videesha. 
Videesha, please unmute yourself. 
 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
Hi, Thank you. Some of my questions have been answered, 
just one more from my end. In the PPT, the positive free cash 
flow which you're referring to, would also be a function of 
relatively slower network expansion, right? So, once that 
picks up, do you expect cash flow to return to the negative 
terrain, as the company would want to focus more on growth 
or customer acquisition? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sorry, Videesha, we could not hear your question properly. 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
 
Is my voice better? Anyway, more audible? 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Can you please repeat your question? 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
Yeah, sure, sure. So my question was pertaining to the cash 
flow. In the deck, it's mentioned that at consol level, cash flow 
has been, free cash flow has been positive. But what I wanted 
to understand was that that could also be a function of 
relatively slower network expansion, or relatively slower store 

 
 
 
16 
 
expansion as well, right? So once the store expansion 
momentum picks up, do you expect the cash flow to return to 
the negative terrain, as the focus would be more on growth 
and customer acquisition? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So, in fact, Videesha, Supam mentioned that we plan to open 
a similar number of stores in FY26, which we have opened in 
FY25, last year. And it doesn't create a significant difference, 
especially on the Capex front, even if we slowed down a bit in 
terms of opening a store. See, the cash generated from 
operations, even after working capital investments, that 
remains healthy. 
 
Mr. Videesha Sheth 
 
Yeah. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Videesha. The next question is from Garima 
Mishra. Garima, please unmute yourself. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. First question is on the 
India business. This quarter, you posted EBITDA margin 
expansion of 30 basis points. Could you highlight to us the 
levers available in this business to further increase these 
margins? And you think the current pace of margin expansion 
is somewhat constrained because revenue growth has been 
under pressure? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So Garima, the encouraging sign is, I would say, a gross margin 
expansion. If you see, gross margin for the India multi-channel 
business is continuously improving. Even in Q1FY26 over 
previous year, Q1 of FY25, we have improved the gross 
margins by almost 120 basis points. We could not get the 
same benefit in the EBITDA margins, largely because of the 
two reasons. One is because of the constrained in the offline 
growth, we got a de-leverage on the fixed cost. And plus, the 
experiments we are doing to improve the last mile delivery 
experience for the online business, and the mix between the 
online and the offline has slightly changed, because the online 

 
 
 
17 
 
business, tends to have more logistics costs compared to the 
offline business, that cost has also increased, and that's the 
reason, the EBITDA margin expansion has reduced by almost 
90 basis points. So, what I would say is the healthy thing, to 
see is the gross margin expansion, which is continuously 
improving, and once we see a positive movement in the 
industry growth, I think this deleverage of the fixed cost 
should start reversing. We believe that the increase in the 
direct cost, largely coming out of the logistics cost, is also 
temporary, and in a longer run, should give us positive results. 
So, I think what we should see, as a health of margin 
expansion, is the  growth of gross margin expansion, Garima. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
 
Okay, understood. Now, again, sticking to the India business 
only. Our CACs in the business have traditionally been very 
low, right? Do you think you need to spend more towards 
customer acquisition, or maybe even retention? To sort of 
drive up GMV etc, any other growth driver, really. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
So, Garima, in the India multi-channel business, we have a 
very clear focus and a direction on the unit economics we are 
working on, right. And that focus continues. What we believe 
is, as some of these factors in terms of consumer experience 
and broad-based industry growth factors, start turning 
around, we should be able to double down, because there's 
an incremental benefit that we can get out of it. So, primarily, 
we are currently on the path that we have defined for 
ourselves. And, I think we are going to maintain on that 
direction.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
So, Garima, just to sort of add on this, I would say that, look, 
gross margin and our growth, these are two independent 
objectives, these are independent paths, they're not 
interrelated in that sense, because, we will continue to see a 
gross margin improvement because of several reasons we 
have talked about in our previous calls, and those are 
structural plays, that'll continue to help us to generate more 

 
 
 
18 
 
gross margin. While our business is slightly different than 
other businesses in the online space in terms of spending 
more to generate, customer acquisitions and cohorts and so 
on and so forth. We need to fix a certain bit of a delivery 
experience to be able to ensure, we are on track from a new 
customer acquisition window. As you're seeing in AUTC as 
well. But at the same time, once overall consumers slow down 
also changes, and our delivery experiences also improves, I 
think some of those things we'll actually start seeing in the 
yield that comes out, from the marketing spend that we do, 
otherwise, it'll not be as productive as we would wish to be. 
So we are on track, hopefully, in next couple of months and 
quarters, we'll be able to improve what we want to control, 
and once that happens, I think our similar marketing expense 
will deliver a lot more superior result, and you will see the 
benefit of what Gautam also talked about, the benefit of gross 
margin expansion yielding to the higher EBITDA expansion as 
well.. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
And in fact, if you remember, Garima, the slide which we have 
presented during the last quarter call, that was largely on 
cohort. The cohort is continuously improving, year on year. 
So, we talked about cohort for the four different periods, you 
can see that's the power of the multi-channel business, the 
cohort is continuously improving. 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
 
Understood, Got it. Maybe, last one from me, if I may. Is there 
any SSSG number that you can share for the India offline 
piece? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Garima, on that, it'll be difficult, as we have already explained 
to you, that our model is different from a traditional retail 
model. At a catchment level, or at a city level, is what we 
should look at. We've spoken at length in previous calls as 
well, that the model is, offline, our store model generates, 
similar kind of contribution margins. There's no material 
difference post-marketing, post-rent, between the two, 

 
 
 
19 
 
online and offline, and that is what gives us the 
encouragement to continue to expand at a wallet share basis, 
in that catchment, for those customers, and increasing our 
market share, that is what we look at, we want to focus on, 
rather than pure SSSG. Because that may not yield us the right 
outcome for us, as a team. So, that's how we are maintaining, 
and that's how we will continue to maintain going forward. 
Our capital allocation, our focus on the mix of the online and 
offline, to meet those objectives of wallet share, converting 
those footfalls into gaining more wallet share, with the 
customer going both online and offline, or offline and online, 
both ways.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
And in fact, we will again take you to the last quarter 
presentation, wherein, we've talked about the cross-
pollination. So 38% of the customers, they transact both 
online and offline.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
For the top 20 cities. 
 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Yes, for the top 20 cities. 
 
 
Ms. Garima Mishra 
All right, understood. Thank you so much.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thanks Garima 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Thanks Garima 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Garima. Next question is from Tejas Shah. Tejas, 
please unmute yourself and ask the question. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Hello? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
 
Yes, Tejas. We can hear you. 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Yes. Hi, Thanks for the opportunity. So I joined in a bit late, so 
apologies if this question has been asked earlier. But India 

 
 
 
20 
 
multi-channel margin, just 33 basis point expansion YoY. I 
believe that this particular aspect of the business was 
irrespective of the revenue growth, because we were working 
very diligently and in a calibrated way on private label or, 
sorry, your home brand's expansion. So, just wanted to know, 
is this quarter aberration and we can see acceleration in this 
going forward in the year? Or there are any more factors 
which are putting pressure over here. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari  
So, Tejas, yeah, we did cover this particular point. Happy to 
sort of repeat it as well. Look, we delivered 120 bps increase 
in our gross margin in India Multichannel. Although, only 30 
bps got translated into Adjusted EBITDA. The loss of 90 bps 
happened on account of largely, a few factors, but largely, we 
would want to call out two factors. One is, some of the 
experiments that we are doing on the last mile, improving 
delivery experience and plus some deleverage that has 
happened in the offline, stores business, because of the 
growth. I think over a period of next few quarters, as what you 
see in July, the growth is back in early teens for the entire 
India multi-channel business, which will help us to reverse the 
deleverage and also the experiments that we are doing 
around online, sort of a logistics, it is a temporary 
phenomenon over a period of time, we will be able to, as we 
build volumes, we'll be able to bring that back into a 
normalized sort of a direct cost. And thereby, we'll be able to 
translate a large, significant part of our gross margin 
expansion to the EBITDA. And gross margin expansion will 
continue to happen over a period of time, because that's quite 
structural in our framework. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Clear. Second, when I scan the broader retail universe, what 
has happened is that there was a phase of bunched-up 
demand post-COVID. And a lot of players responded to that 
by expanding retail footprint. And now, for the last one and a 
half year, we are seeing that there's a lot of consolidation of 
demand in terms of footprint happening across. And then, just 

 
 
 
21 
 
in line, in the tune with the demand scenario. So, just wanted 
to know, we also had a very phenomenal run there. But 
looking at the new macro realities and consumption in 
particular, do you think we'll go through that phase of 
consolidation? First of all, do we warrant that? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Look, it's a fair question, Tejas. I think the players who are 
nimble, who are agile, will evolve. You're right in the 
observation that we had all seen a very good flip post-covid, 
during COVID and post-COVID period. The retail saw a lot of 
jump. I think in this phase of the journey for at least maybe till 
the time the whole macros change, I think some of these 
moments give us, give opportunities to players, at least that's 
what we believe, at least the management team of FirstCry 
believes, that periods like these are good periods for us to be 
able to strengthen our moats, strengthen our operating 
capabilities. And as and when the winds turn around, it will 
give us the significant flip in a very short period of time to be 
able to capitalize and deliver sort of an outperformance on 
numbers. Because those factors that would have helped us to 
be on improving and perfecting some of those things, 
whether it is related to last mile logistics, whether it is related 
to tech, merchandising, personalization, store, sort of a wallet 
shares, unit economics, I think all of those things will actually 
make us more nimble, more and I can only sort of comment 
and assure, all of you, that we as a team are, at least in that 
cohort of companies which, we'll be far more nimble, and 
we'll be able to deliver and be able to capitalize when the 
wind turns around. So I think that's how I would summarize it 
and we are all going through that phase, but, we remain very 
confident. We, as a team, in over the last 15 years, have seen 
several cycles like that. Personally, I've seen more, but as a 
team together also, we have seen a few cycles like that, but I 
think, it just makes us stronger. 
  
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Sure, and the last one, if I may. Customer additions have 
dropped dramatically, so just wanted to know, how should we 

 
 
 
22 
 
read on that from market lens perspective? Market share lens 
perspective? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Vivek, you want to take that? Or you want me to take that? 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
So Tejas, the customer additions in terms of both, all our 
numbers remain pretty stable, right. The CAC and other 
factors are also quite stable, from that window. I think some 
of the challenges which we mentioned earlier, as they get 
solved, we can potentially see that, we can see a better 
acceleration in that front. And in July, we have already seen 
that, as Supam mentioned. So it'll reflect in the overall 
numbers as well, as the individual acquisition numbers, as we 
move forward in the following quarters. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Sure. Thanks and all the best for coming quarters. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Thank you, Tejas 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Tejas. Next question is from Sucrit. Sucrit, please 
unmute yourself. Introduce yourself and the organization and 
please ask your question. 
 
Mr. Sucrit Patil 
Yes. Good Evening to the FirstCry team. Am I audible? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes. 
 
Mr. Sucrit Patil 
Yeah. Good Evening. My name is Sukrit Patel from isight 
FinTrade Private Limited. And my question is to Mr. Supam 
Maheshwari. First of all, I'd like to congratulate the entire 
team on a strong traction in the omni-channel engagement 
and private label  growth. So my question is, given FirstCry's 
deep access to early parenting cohorts and the expanding 
offline footprint. How are you thinking about evolving the 
platform from a commerce-led model to a lifecycle-led 
ecosystem, potentially integrating services like, early 
education, health, or FinTech? Specifically tailored to 

 
 
 
23 
 
parenting milestones and is there a roadmap to monetize 
trust and data across the many verticals beyond retail?  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Good question, Sucrit. So, look I think, I would just simply say 
that we're already in early education. As you know, we have, 
300 plus preschools, that we operate, quite profitably. That is 
part of our fourth segment, it's a small one for us, but from a 
strategy window, it has very beautiful outcomes for us. Over 
a period of time, when we will have 1,000 preschools and you 
will imagine that the strategic benefit that preschools will give 
us in any catchment. In thousand catchments, over a period 
of time, we'll have our stores, we'll have a preschool, that 
essentially helps us to build, brand salience with the 
customers in an offline way, while online, obviously, we are 
present. So that helps us to reduce our marketing spend over 
a longer period of time, as we continue to reinforce our brand 
in those vicinities of that catchment. So that's while 
generating an asset light, profitable, very strongly profitable 
business sort of a model, as well as preschool is concerned. So 
that is an identified opportunity, we started in 2019. 
Obviously, we had COVID, and then we continued post-
COVID, a good traction on that front. While under some of the 
other opportunities that you talked about, whether it is 
health-related or fintech-related, at this moment, we are not 
going for any new opportunities. Yes, these opportunities, 
over a longer horizon, we will evaluate. But at this moment, 
we will remain focused on largely the four verticals that we 
have been working towards, which is India Multi-Channel. We 
strongly believe it's a very huge opportunity for us to continue 
to nail down that. International, UAE & KSA business, we have 
to make this business profitable on a shorter timeframe. 
Third, obviously, Gloablbees, continue to do well. And, fourth 
is this preschool. So we'll continue to remain in this sort of a 
spectrum right now. Once we have outperformed in some of 
this, where we feel, we have reason to think beyond that, is 
when we will probably think about, moving towards, health 
or fintech kind of an opportunity. They are relevant, they can 

 
 
 
24 
 
add to our ecosystem, you're absolutely right, but at this 
moment, they may not be the right set of opportunities for us 
to sort of address. 
 
Mr. Sucrit Patil  
Great Supam. That was a very good guidance. Just to close the 
loop, I just want to understand, just want to pick your brains, 
as a CEO of the company, as you explore these adjacent 
opportunities, I want to understand how do you internally 
evaluate which verticals to pursue? Whether, it's early 
learning, health, or financials. And, is there a strategic 
framework that guides you on how to balance between the 
brands? Evaluate the monetization potential and the 
execution complexity in each of the frameworks. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure. Sucrit, while I can answer on this, and to save 
everybody's time, we can discuss this particular question 
offline, but I can just guide you. Simply, you look at strategic 
benefit for the company, for the core business. That's the 
fundamental point. The strategic benefit has to be really, 
really super strong, and then you look at it from a ROCE 
window, in terms of timeframe. So, like, a health business can 
be very investment unfriendly for the initial few period, few 
years, which is what we don't want to do it right now. School 
business, preschool business, was very friendly from a ROCE 
perspective, because, pretty much it has an infinite ROCE. 
While it serves our strategic objective, that's how we got into 
it. And we are scaling it up, and we'll continue to scale this up. 
So maybe this is, like, a broad framework, strategic benefit, 
and a clear focus and eye on the ROCE perspective, you align 
these two. Once these two things, filter out some of these 
opportunities, and you think whether you want to, then you 
go to the execution part, in terms of, how you execute, how 
easy it is to execute, and so on and so forth. So, that's a broad 
framework, but we can get into more specifics, maybe offline. 
I hope that helps. 
 

 
 
 
25 
 
Mr. Sucrit Patil 
Yeah, yeah, great great. Thank you very much, and I wish the 
entire team best of luck for all your future endeavors. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you, Sucrit. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Sucrit. Would request the participants to raise 
your hands in case anyone has any questions. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Alright. Thank you, everyone.  
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Thank you, everyone 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, everyone 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio video 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th August 2025 will prevail. 
