 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED  
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
July 28, 2025  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Meeting of 
 Board of directors on July 23, 2025 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Board 
meeting held on July 23, 2025, for your information and records. 
 
This 
information 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2025-2026/q1.html    
 
The audio/video recordings of the press conference and earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2025-
2026/q1.html  
This is for your information and records.  
Yours Sincerely, 
For Infosys Limited 
 
 
 
A.G.S. Manikantha 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: A21918 
 
Anur 
Gurugopala 
Raju 
Suryanarayana 
Manikantha
Digitally signed by 
Anur Gurugopala 
Raju Suryanarayana 
Manikantha 
Date: 2025.07.28 
16:11:44 +05'30'

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 1   
  
                                                 
                                                           Infosys Limited  
Q1 FY26 Financial Results Press Conference Call 
July 23, 2025  
   
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS   
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Rishi Basu 
Associate Vice President and Global Head - Corporate Communications 
 
JOURNALISTS 
 
Ritu Singh 
CNBC TV18 
 
Haripriya Suresh 
Reuters News  
 
Beena Parmar  
The Economic Times 
 
Reshab Shaw 
Moneycontrol 
 
Jas Bardia  
The Mint 
 
Veena Mani 
The Times of India 
 
Avik Das  
Business Standard 
 
Sanjana B. 
The Hindu Businessline 
 
Ayanti Bera 
The Financial Express 
 
 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 2   
Rishi Basu 
A very good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining Infosys' first quarter financial results. My 
name is Rishi. And on behalf of Infosys, I would like to welcome you today. 
As always, we request one question from each media house so that we can accommodate all of you 
over the next 45 minutes or so. With that, let me invite our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh, 
for his opening remarks. Over to you, Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Rishi. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us. We had a strong start to our financial 
year. Our revenues grew 2.6% sequentially and 3.8% year-on-year in constant currency terms. 
Growth was broad-based with our large 5 industry groups and our large geographies, growing year-
on-year in constant currency. 
Our large deals were at $3.8 bn. The main drivers of our growth were, leadership in enterprise AI 
and continued success in client selecting us for consolidations. We are seeing good demand for AI 
agents. We have built 300 agents across business operations and IT areas and they are now 
deployed within our clients. Horizontal and vertical agents are helping our clients drive faster 
decisions, improve customer experience and improve operational efficiency. 
Based on our performance in Q1 and our current outlook, our guidance for growth for financial year 
2026 is revised from where it was 0% to 3%, now it will be 1% to 3% in constant currency terms. Our 
margin guidance remains unchanged at 20% to 22%. 
With that, Rishi, let us open it up for questions. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Jayesh Sanghrajka, 
Chief Financial Officer, Infosys. The first question is from Ritu Singh from CNBC TV18. 
Ritu Singh 
Hi, gentlemen. Thanks very much for the question. We are talking about how the numbers have been 
very strong. The performance has been good. The first quarter revenue is above what the Street had 
factored in. Two questions on this; if the numbers are so good, why have you not raised the upper 
end of your guidance? Why just the marginal revision from 0-3% to 1% to 3%? And how much of this 
upward revision that we are seeing, and including the kind of constant currency growth, 2.6% in this 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 3   
quarter, has come from your inorganic, from your acquisitions that you have made? That is one part 
of the question. 
Also, how would you guide the Street to look at these numbers? Would you really say, this is a turn 
around that you are seeing in the current macro-environment that going ahead this kind of 
performance would be sustained? 
And a word, last time, we did not hear much from you on the whole tariff conundrum and how that is 
impacting discretionary spend, specifically in sectors like Manufacturing, Retail, what is your sense 
on the clients, and if you could also add a word on your hiring plans for the year? Thanks very much. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks. So first, on the guidance, what we have seen this quarter is a strong performance in terms 
of where we have delivered the 2.6% growth, as you pointed out. With that and with the current 
outlook where we have seen a lot of the discussions on the economy worldwide having come to 
more stable situations, but still seeing that it is not fully settled. 
Given that, we have increased the lower end of our guidance as we go closer, progress into the year, 
closer towards the end of the year, we typically narrow our guidance. And that is the first part of what 
we have done, which is increase the lower end, but we still see things within our guidance where we 
look at some things which will give us good traction. For example, what we have seen in the 
consolidations, we have seen very strong work that we have done on AI with agents and we see that 
and we also see the economy globally, both in Europe, U.S. going through changes. So, keeping 
that in mind, we have narrowed the guidance and increased the lower end. 
On the inorganic part, I will let Jayesh mention how much of it is inorganic. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So inorganic in this quarter has been around 40 basis points, within our 2.6% that we reported. 
And for the full year also, it will be a similar number. 
Salil Parekh 
And then back on the sort of economy, we talked about it last quarter and also in addressing it today. 
There are overall changes in the economic environment and we mentioned last quarter, we shared 
that again. We see some of that impact, for example, in Logistics. We see some in Consumer 
products and some in Manufacturing. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 4   
But equally, we have seen benefits, especially because we have seen good traction with the work 
we are doing with agents in AI and a benefit from consolidation that we have looked at, that the 
clients have looked at us and been positive, and that has given us some of the positive growth that 
we have seen in this quarter. 
Ritu Singh 
(Editors remark: Question inaudible) 
Salil Parekh 
So there, on the acquisition, as Jayesh shared, it is a small part of it, even if you keep that aside, we 
are well over 2%, 2.2% in terms of constant currency growth, in the quarter. The way I would look at 
it is, it is very differentiated performance because we have what we believe to be one of the best 
ways that we are deploying AI, enterprise AI into our clients. 
So these are active projects where we are using agents, different types of agents that clients are 
leveraging, whether it is in their supply chains, in their customer experience, where they are getting 
productivity benefits, where they are getting improved customer service, that is one aspect of it. 
And the other aspect is, we are seeing clients are selecting us more and more when they are looking 
at consolidation because inherently, we see clients see, Infosys' delivery as very strong and stable 
and also providing new ideas, especially on AI for improvements into their business. So that is the 
differentiated performance that we are seeing in the way that we see it. 
Ritu Singh 
Hiring? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So if you look at our hiring numbers, our overall headcount has remained constant at this point in 
time. Our utilization is at its peak at 85%. So, we will continue hiring, and we expect to continue hiring 
in line with what we have announced at the beginning of the year, there is no change there. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Ritu. The next question is from Haripriya Suresh from Reuters News. 
Haripriya Suresh 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 5   
Good evening, gentlemen. One quick, I wanted to understand, Americas growth has been flattish, 
but Europe has done really well. Just some color on the specific markets. Is Europe client-specific, 
what is happening on that end? 
And in terms of the employee headcount, like you mentioned, I know it is been flat. I know there is a 
lot of talk about how Infosys is using AI, do you see -- if utilization at its peak, do you see productivity 
increasing where you do not need to hire as much going forward? And will this sort of be the level 
that we will see it at? And I wanted to get some color on what the wage hike scenario will be for this 
quarter as well? Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, coming to your second question on headcount, as I said earlier, headcount has remained flat. 
Despite that, we have been able to deliver 2.6% on growth. Large part of that came from the RPP 
increase or the pricing increase that we got and the seasonality benefit that we got. 40 bps came 
from the acquisition and the balance came from the volume increases, which we have been able to 
manage within our current headcount through utilization. 
Now that we are at a peak, any further volume increase will need to come from the hiring. So that is 
where we are. 
In terms of U.S. and Europe, I think Europe has been strong footing for us for many quarters in the 
past, that is on the back of the investment that we made a few years back in Europe. We had 
identified Europe as a geography to invest into. And all of that, I think, is working well across sectors.  
Haripriya Suresh 
(Editors remark: Question inaudible) 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Because Europe is growing faster versus America, to that extent, it is changing, but still U.S. remains 
the largest sector for us, largest geography for us.  
We did a wage hike already, first part of that was effective January, the second part already rolled 
out effective April. First, the impact of that is already baked in, in the margin of this quarter. We had 
100 basis points of impact on account of wage hike as well as the higher variable pay that we paid 
to our employees this quarter, so that is already done. Having done the wage hike very recently, next 
one, we will have to decide when. 
Rishi Basu 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 6   
Thank you, Haripriya. Next question is from Beena Parmar from The Economic Times. 
Beena Parmar 
Hi, Salil. You mentioned about the revenue being stronger. Some of your peers have pointed out 
that there has been some revenue cannibalization that they are seeing, are you also witnessing it? 
And are you seeing some productivity gains, benefits that you are passing on to your customers? 
And is that also leading to change in pricing? I think we spoke about it briefly, but has there been 
any change in the first quarter? 
And secondly, is that also impacting your margins? What were the factors that led to the margins, 
because I think it has declined.  
Salil Parekh 
Let me start on the revenue one. I think we are seeing, with AI a lot of productivity benefits. We also 
saw productivity benefits that we were already working on from automation and lean, which were 
coming through. Typically all productivity benefits, a part of that is shared with clients and a part of 
that is shared with us. We see, if you look at the overall level, what Jayesh was sharing, we have 
seen our productivity of our revenue, the way our own pricing is working, at a macro level improving. 
And this is more because we are doing work, which is creating more impact in addition to the 
productivity, which is making some of that benefit being shared with client. So, these are two different 
factors. But on balance, we see an impact into the quality of the revenue that we are seeing now. 
Beena Parmar 
So, what kind of productivity gains you have been passing on? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, we are not discussing the amounts we are passing on. But in terms of what we are seeing 
as a benefit, we are seeing between 5% and 15% through AI programs where we are working with 
clients, where typically there are disparate systems. Internally, there are some things we have done, 
which are slightly higher than that. But those are all internal. Like, if you look at our Finacle product, 
it is one uniform sort of a code base in which we can get better productivity. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. And on the margin walk, the 20 basis points of decline, the puts and takes of that, 100 basis 
points of headwind came from compensation related factors, in hike that we gave in April, as well as 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 7   
the higher variable pay that we pay to our employees or we will pay to our employees for this quarter. 
30 basis points was a headwind on account of currency and 20 basis points for other factors. 
This was offset by 70 basis points of pricing benefit that we got from both seasonality, as well as the 
benefit that Salil was talking about from productivity and everything that we have been doing under 
Project Maximus. 40 basis points came because of the acquisition related impairment that we did in 
the last quarter, that was a one-off in the last quarter, so that was a benefit this quarter, and 20 basis 
points because our third-party cost was lower. So just to highlight, our 2.6% of growth was despite 
the fact that our third-party revenue and costs were lower by 60 basis points. 
Beena Parmar 
Just one last question. Your conversations with the clients, has it improved in terms of the business 
demand? And are you seeing that tariff-related uncertainty or the caution is now over?  
Salil Parekh 
So, on a macro basis, what we see is, all clients are quite focused on enterprise AI, where we can 
show what is working, where it is working, especially with agents. Then there are industries, 
specifically Logistics, Consumer product goods, Manufacturing, where we see the impact of the 
changes in the economic situation. 
Where we were at this time last quarter, there has also been several things which have been done, 
which gives more view and focus into what is going on. And yet, there is still some open items which 
are going on. So we see, for example, from clients, there is quite a lot of attention on cost and 
efficiency of their own operations, even if they are not impacted by the changes in the economy. 
So that is all going on, including some of the benefits that we are seeing from AI. And then finally, on 
a macro level, at this quarter, in our large deals, we have seen a lot of deals where we benefited 
from clients making consolidation decisions. 
Rishi Basu 
Thanks, Beena. The next question is from Reshab Shaw from Moneycontrol. 
Reshab Shaw 
Hi, gentlemen. Congratulations on a good set of numbers in a difficult quarter, in a difficult 
macroeconomic environment. I have a couple of questions. First, on Financial Services, 2 fiscals 
back, you were close to 28%, now it is down to 27%, so is this a new normal? Is this a change in 
composition or are you losing market share? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 8   
Second, your active number of clients has reduced in the last 2 fiscals. And this comes on the back 
of revenue growth in this quarter. So, is there a pricing change? What are the benefits? What is 
driving this? And also, we have seen in the last 2 quarters that you have added in 3-digit numbers. 
So, is this a beginning of moving from pyramid to IP-led businesses? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So let me start with some of that, Jayesh will add in. I think Financial Services, we are seeing a very 
strong traction. So, one of the things we have benefited from in Financial Services is, if you look at, 
let us say, our large 20 clients, in half of them, we are the AI partner of choice with those clients. In 
many of those clients, we see benefits from consolidation. In many of those clients, we are in the 
forefront when there is regulatory change or big transformation, which includes tech and Op. So, one 
sense is we are well positioned in financial services. We are starting to gain much more traction, and 
we have a broad set of coverage both in geography and in capabilities within financial services. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, on the active clients, you always have a long tail and they come for small projects and some of 
them eventually become larger projects, some of them eventually fall out and after a few quarters, a 
few months, they come back in a way. So, I do not think the active client is a big metric. Of course, 
it is a metric to track, but more important in our mind is, the $100 mn, $50 mn clients, how they grow 
and how we mine that, once they become a sizable client. 
Salil Parekh 
On the IP, so there what we are seeing is there is definitely a growth focus in what we are driving. 
What Jayesh mentioned earlier, we have a clear plan of recruiting people into this year, in this 
financial year into the company, both from college, both laterally. But we are also seeing some of 
our programs, for example, what we are doing in our insurance platform, what we are doing in our 
Financial Services banking platform in Finacle, those are definitely areas where we see more and 
more IP.  
Then we are also seeing places where, for example, in some of our work that we do in BPM, these 
are not IP but they are more outcome-driven. And so there, there is a difference between what 
happens in the rest of the company, which is much more headcount than outcome. But we do not 
see that there is a huge change in that. We still see that we have a plan of recruiting for this year, 
and we are on track with that. 
Rishi Basu 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 9   
Thank you. The next question is from Jas Bardia from Mint. 
Jas Bardia 
Good evening. I have a couple of questions. One is, has there been some sort of revenue 
cannibalization or probably a reshuffling of employees because of AI? Second is more on a macro 
scale. If you look at 8 years of your tenure and purely on Infosys, Infosys under you has performed 
better than the peers. And third consecutive year where the industry has started to slow, including 
Infosys. Now considering there is been a dearth of mega deals for the company, has the company 
run out of steam? If so, what is it because of? macro uncertainty, client-specific issues or just AI in 
general? 
Salil Parekh 
So thank you. That is good to know. The large deals are working very well. So, I think for us, the $3.8 
bn is incredible. We have so many deals in there, one mega deal. We have deals which are focused 
on AI, deals which are focused on transformation, deals which are focused on consolidation. So, my 
sense is that whole approach is in good shape. We remain, I would say, at the forefront with clients 
on that.  
A part of where we see some of the changes is the overall economic environment. And my sense is 
that when that is in a place where we see more and more of the AI movement, which is happening 
well and more of other work, which is digital transformation, cloud, we are seeing, for example, 
tremendous traction on enterprise applications and how they are being driven in new changes. Those 
are the ones that will support the future, the next stages. 
AI itself, there is a whole piece which is around enterprise AI and productivity. But we are also seeing 
there are new things that we can do with enterprise AI with clients. For example, much deeper level 
of analytics, much deeper level of assessments, much deeper work on how they can optimize the 
business, not just for productivity, but for growth. And those will give us new revenue streams. 
So, there is a view that we have seen from the analysis internally, where some of the addressable 
market in those areas is growing and quite good. So we feel quite positive that over this approach 
that has worked, as you described for the last several years for Infosys, will continue to work for the 
next several years. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Veena Mani from The Times of India. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 10   
Veena Mani 
Good evening, gentlemen. A couple of questions here. We have heard reports at the end of April 
and through May that there were more freshers fired from the Mysore campus. Were these from the 
2022 batch, if there is any merit to that? And also, does it say anything about the quality of freshers 
coming out of colleges in the last couple of years?  
Also, the second question is, Infosys moved to a hybrid form of interview process. Is that also related 
to how talent is being fleshed out from the market, lateral and freshers? Does it also have to do with 
the fact that because of virtual interviews, there have been people who misused that format? 
Now TCS has made its bench policy a lot more stringent by saying that people can be on the bench 
only up to 35 days. Is Infosys heading there given that the market is not all that great?  
Also, your ESG report had mentioned capability quotient, that Infosys is moving from a digital quotient 
to capability quotient to mark the progress of its employees. How will that have an impact on the 
appraisal, on the hikes and also the movement, through maybe IJPs, also taking up projects on 
Accelerate and other things, if you could help me with some of these?  
And again, TCS, we have reported recently that there have been onboarding delays for laterals. Is 
that something that we see even at Infosys given that the market is not all that great? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks. So, there are several, I would like to get through them. The first one was on the Mysore. I 
think there, we have a rigorous process for hiring college graduates. They then go through a very 
focused foundational training at the campus. And then we expect that they meet the internal 
assessment standards. So, all of the people who join us, they get three attempts to meet those 
standards. After the third attempt, if they do not meet, they do not continue with the company.  
This is a process that has been in use for the last 20 years, and it is something that is important 
because we want to make sure that the quality that we are providing to our clients is based on these 
internal assessment standards that we have set. And that is the approach that we have followed 
there. 
On the bench point, I think, was one of your other ones, we have no comment on the other company 
bench. At Infosys, the way we have looked at this is, employees are provided opportunities for 
training and learning projects and then they are deployed on to client projects when they are ready, 
and that is the process we follow all through, and we have been following for a long time now.  

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 11   
Rishi Basu 
Hybrid interview 
Salil Parekh 
There, I think we want to make sure that we put in place an approach that works well for the 
prospective employee and for the company. And that is in part why we made some of the changes 
keeping in mind. Even on our employee side, we have a very flexible approach with respect to where 
employees are coming in. 
Every quarter, for the last many quarters, we have seen an increase in the number of employees on 
campus. But overall, at a company level, we have a flexible approach and that is one of the elements 
of that. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So on the ESG report, the digital versus the capabilities metrics that we have been using, I do not 
think that is something that we use for the IJPs, etc. That is a metric that is important from the ESG 
perspective, that is why we have started publishing that, but that is not necessarily imposing on the 
IJPs, etc., internally. The last question that you had was on the lateral hires. We have not stopped 
any of the laterals hires or deferred any of the lateral hires. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Veena. The next question is from Avik Das from The Business Standard. 
Avik Das 
Hi, Salil, two questions and one for Jayesh. So Manufacturing seems to have really stood out in 
terms of the growth and you did point out that Manufacturing, Logistics as well as Consumer 
packaged goods seem to be under stress for all the obvious reasons. Now I just wanted to 
understand what really worked in your favor? Was it client specific? and what really went your way?  
And if you can also provide some outlook on North America. Well, the growth has been nothing 
compared to Europe, but just wanted to get your feedback on the biggest market, how is it 
performing, especially from the BFSI side? And on the margins front, while the guidance has been 
narrowed, the margins still remain the same. So are you anticipating any margin constraint or 
pressure going ahead? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 12   
So let me take the first question and Jayesh will also comment a little bit more on the industry, let me 
start with the industry and North America. So Financial Services and North America, we see very 
good traction across all businesses in Financial Services in all geographies. 
And then just in North America, if you look across all industries, while we have shown the growth 
where it is, we see that market, which is the largest for Infosys in a very strong position. So yes, 
there are changes in the economic situation. But equally, there is good traction that we have.  
We have several other industries outside of Logistics, outside of Consumer product, where we see 
good activity. For example, in Energy, Utilities, for example, some of the work we are seeing in telco 
and so on. So, the market is quite strong. We see good traction with enterprise AI there as well and 
good traction in some of the consolidation wins that we have seen on the large deals which have 
come from that market.  
Maybe on Manufacturing and margin 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So, on Manufacturing, while we have called out softness in some parts of the Manufacturing, 
especially the auto, industrial and Europe, I think we have benefited from the consolidation, and we 
have benefited from the large deals that we have won in the past. But we continue seeing softness 
or the concerns in terms of client spending in the areas that we have identified within Manufacturing. 
On the margins, I did give a walk earlier in terms of the puts and takes of 20 basis point decline this 
quarter, 100 basis points was on account of comp and variable pay, 30 basis points was currency, 
20 basis points was on account of investment that we made in sales, that was offset by the benefits 
that we got from Maximus, 70 basis points because of the pricing increase and the seasonality 
benefit, 40 basis points was one-off in the Q4 last quarter and 20 basis points was lower third party. 
As we go forward, the Project Maximus is still running. The proof of that was you saw last year, we 
delivered 50 basis point expansion despite multiple headwinds. We still see the Project Maximus 
delivering on multiple counts. That will be offset by the headwinds like lower growth. We are now 
talking about 1% to 3% growth, so the fixed cost will play out, the fixed cost of the growth areas will 
play out. 
The compensation-related things will play out because now we will have a full year impact of the 
compensation, etc. Some of the large deals will start ramping up, and there will be transition effort, 
etc., where we incur costs, but we do not get revenue in the first few months or weeks when the 
transition happens. So, all of that will be the puts and takes, we still aspire to increase margins from 
where we are. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 13   
Rishi Basu 
Thanks Avik. The next question is from Sanjana from the Hindu Businessline. 
Sanjana B. 
Good evening gentlemen. Do you see any change in projects either ramping up or ramping down 
due to the geopolitical uncertainties or any reassessment on the clients’ end? And also, do you think 
that in FY26 third-party costs and revenues will be lower than in FY25 because I think it contributed 
to a significant decline, at least in the last fiscal or last quarter? And coming to hiring, I can see that 
the headcount has increased marginally between Q4 and Q1 this year. So, do you at all see any 
impact of AI and automation on hiring? Yeah, just these, thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the first one, I think we see the changes in the economic outlook, with all of the changes going 
on in U.S. and Europe, we have not seen any change in a specific client or a specific project situation. 
It is more overall what we were sharing earlier. First, there is more emphasis on cost and efficiency 
across, there is some impact at an industry level, if you look at Logistics or Consumer products or 
some parts of Manufacturing like auto. And then we see a lot of benefits in this like a cost or 
consolidation discussion quite a bit when clients have made some of those decisions. So there, we 
are okay from the overall perspective, which has partially helped us with the growth. 
I think on the hiring, recruiting and people, so we first have a plan for recruitment for this year for 
college and lateral avenue. With AI there has been benefits that we see in terms of productivity. We 
see with AI, especially enterprise AI, that there is more things that we are doing with clients, even 
things like the cloud transitions get accelerated or data and analytics foundations get accelerated. 
And those programs are fundamental to making enterprise AI successful with clients. 
So those things give us more newer work and on balance, we see that overall continues to be 
supporting our growth activity now, plus the consolidation side, the cost efficiency side. So we will 
continue with our hiring plan for this year. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Ayanti Bera from the Financial Express. 
Ayanti Bera 
Hello hi, I don’t know if this has been talked about already. Just give us the underlying reasons that 
encouraged you to increase the lower end of your revenue growth guidance? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 14   
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So if you look at last guidance, we had clearly called out that at the lower end of our guidance, 
we are expecting heightened uncertainty, in the environment. And at the upper end of the guidance, 
we are expecting steady to marginally improving environment. 
One quarter gone by, we have strong quarter, we have strong deal wins, that is the reason why we 
have increased our lower end from 0% to 1%. At the same time, on the upper end, we still see 
possible uncertainty on the back of tariff and on the whole of macro environment. But at the lower 
end, the quarter performance and the deals that we have won gives us better confidence at this point 
in time. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. With that, we come to the end of this press conference. We thank our friends from media 
for being here today. Thank you, Salil, and thank you, Jayesh. Before we conclude, please note that 
the archived webcast of this press conference will be available on the Infosys website and on our 
YouTube channel later today. Thank you, and please join us for some high tea outside. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 1   
  
                                                 
                                                           Infosys Limited  
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
July 23, 2025  
   
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:   
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director  
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller & Head of Investor Relations 
 
ANALYSTS  
 
Ankur Rudra 
JP Morgan 
 
Kumar Rakesh 
BNP Paribas 
 
Abhishek Kumar 
JM Financial 
 
Bryan Bergin 
TD Cowen  
 
Jonathan Lee 
Guggenheim Partners 
 
Surendra Goyal 
Citigroup 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala 
IIFL 
 
Sandeep Shah 
Equirus Securities 
 
Vibhor Singhal 
Nuvama Institutional Equities 
 
 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 2   
Apurva Prasad 
Franklin Templeton 
 
Ashwin Mehta 
Ambit Capital 
 
Abhishek Pathak 
Motilal Oswal 
 
Keith Bachman 
BMO Capital 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 3   
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Infosys Limited Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you, Mr. 
Mahindroo. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Hello, everyone. Welcome to Infosys earnings call for the first quarter of FY26. Joining us on this call 
is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Jayesh Sanghrajka, and other members of the leadership 
team. We will start the call with some remarks on the performance of the company, subsequent to 
which we will open up the call for questions. 
Please note that anything we say that refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-looking 
statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A complete 
statement explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which can be found on 
www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass on the call to Salil. 
Salil Parekh  
Thanks, Sandeep. Good evening, and good morning to all of you. Thank you for joining us. We had 
a strong start to our financial year. Our revenues grew 2.6% sequentially and 3.8% year-on-year in 
constant currency terms. 
Growth was broad-based with our large five industry groups and our large geographies growing year-
on-year in constant currency. Our large deals were at $3.8 bn. Our operating margin was 20.8% and 
our free cash flow was at $884 mn. 
The main drivers of our growth were our leadership in enterprise AI and our continued success in 
clients selecting us for consolidation. We are seeing good demand for AI agents. We built 300 agents 
across business operations and IT areas. Our horizontal and vertical agents are helping our clients 
drive faster decisions, improve customer experience and improve operational efficiency. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 4   
Let me share with you some examples of where we are doing project work on enterprise AI for our 
clients.  
An oil and gas major is using Infosys AI agents to enhance production quality in their refinery, 
orchestrate dynamic pricing in their retail stores and automate their contract management system 
for efficient trading. 
A leading global manufacturing company is using Infosys AI agents across their supply chain to 
unlock productivity and cost benefits and using Infosys AI agents to efficiently resolve issues related 
to malfunctioning equipment.  
A logistic company is using Infosys AI agents to transform customer care, operations and logistics 
and finance and accounting to become more efficient. 
For a leading North American retailer, we are transforming in-store shopping into a frictionless data-
driven experience, boosting customer satisfaction, loyalty and operational efficiency. This is being 
done by integrating physical AI, through intelligent automation and edge-based computing vision. 
A global financial services company is using Infosys Enterprise AI Solution with a fine-tuned large 
language model. This system translates code and automates documentation. The solution increased 
developer productivity by 25% and automated 50% of business requirement creation and support of 
the modernization plan. 
Building on 19 leadership ratings we received in financial year 2025, we are now positioned 
additionally as leaders in Gartner's first Generative AI Consulting and implementation services 
quadrant. We are the only large India-based technology services company to be positioned as a 
leader. 
Based on our performance in Q1 and our current outlook, our guidance for growth for financial year 
2026 is revised. From the earlier guidance of 0% to 3%, now it is 1% to 3% growth in constant 
currency terms. Our margin guidance remains unchanged at 20% to 22%. 
With that, I would like to invite Jayesh to share his comments. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you, Salil. Good morning, good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the call today.  
We have been able to successfully navigate a quarter of global uncertainty, which is reflected in our 
holistic business performance. We delivered market-leading sequential growth, robust large deal 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 5   
wins with strong net new, resilient operating margins, high single-digit EPS growth, and another 
quarter of free cash flow to net profit of over 100%. 
Let me cover the key aspects of the results.  
1. Growth was strong and broad-based, revenue up 2.6% sequentially (including 0.4% from 
acquisitions) and 3.8% on a year-on-year in constant currency terms. Sequential revenue growth 
was achieved despite a significant reduction in third-party costs by 60 basis points to 7.3% of 
revenue.  
2. Sequential growth was once again driven by increase in realization, thanks to progress under 
Project Maximus. Volume growth, while muted was positive.  
3. Manufacturing grew in double digits and FS and EURS grew about 5% year-on-year in constant 
currency terms.  
4. Amongst geographies, North America grew ahead of the company at 2.9% sequentially in CC. 
On a year-on-year basis, Europe grew 12.3%, which is over 3x the company average.  
5. Operating margins were at 20.8%, down 20 basis points QoQ and 30 basis points year-on-year. 
Sequential margin resilience was despite absorbing balance compensation hike, higher variable 
pay and investment in sales and marketing. 
6. Utilization, excluding trainees, went up 30 basis points QoQ at 85.2% and including trainees, up 
80 basis points to 82.7%.  
7. EPS in rupee terms grew by 8.6% and in dollar terms grew by 5.8% YoY.  
8. 
Our relentless focus on cash continues and is reflected in free cash flows of $884 mn, which 
is 109% of net profit. This is the fifth consecutive quarter of free cash flow being over 100% of net 
profit. We expect FY26 free cash flows to be above 100% of net profit.  
9. Consolidated cash and cash equivalents stood at $5.27 bn at the end of the quarter after paying 
out final dividend for FY25. Yield on cash balance was 7.2% in Q1.  
10. ROE improved by 140 basis points to 30.4% due to dividend payouts. 
11. Large deal wins were robust, comprising of 28 deals with a TCV of $3.8 bn, including 55% net 
new. This includes multiple vendor consolidation deals with a combined TCV of over $1 bn, 
including a mega deal with one of the largest global banks. This reflects our deep-rooted client 
relationships and differentiated delivery capabilities. 
12. Vertical-wise, we signed 9 deals in Communications, 6 in EURS, 5 in Manufacturing, 4 in 
Financial Services, 2 each in Hi-Tech and Retail. Region-wise, we signed 20 deals in America, 
6 in Europe and 2 in ROW.  
13. Headcount at the end of the quarter was 323,788. Attrition increased marginally to 14.4%. 
Operating margin for Q1 was at 20.8%, decline of 20 basis points sequentially. The major 
components of sequential margin change for the quarter are as follows:  

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 6   
Headwinds of  
- 
100 basis points from compensation increase, higher variable pay, partly offset by other 
salary-related items  
- 
30 basis points from currency movement 
- 
20 basis points from sales investments 
Partly offset by tailwinds of  
- 
70 basis points from increase in realization due to Maximus and seasonality  
- 
40 basis points on account of lower amortization cost on intangibles  
- 
20 basis points from lower third-party costs  
leading to 20 basis point drop in operating margin sequentially.  
ETR for the quarter was at 28.9%. We expect the effective ETR rate for the financial year'26 to be in 
the range of 29% to 30%. 
While Q1 was steady, business environment remains uncertain due to lack of resolution on tariffs 
and geopolitical situation. Clients continue to be cautious in their discretionary spending decisions 
reflecting in delayed decision making.  
Near-term visibility remains good, and we expect stronger H1 compared to H2 on account of normal 
seasonality, as highlighted earlier. 
Coming to verticals,  
Financial Services saw good momentum this quarter in U.S. with capital markets, commercial 
banking and wealth management seeing a lot of transformation opportunities. Agentic AI is playing 
a pivotal role with focus on areas like KYC, onboarding and portfolio management. We are now the 
preferred AI partner for 10 of the top 20 clients in Financial Services with many initiatives getting 
from POC to production, especially in Agentic AI. We are partnering with GCCs, both in setup and 
growth-led deals. While pipeline is strong with new opportunities in vendor consolidation, cost 
optimization and simplification, clients are cautious about decision-making due to a volatile 
environment. 
Manufacturing segment continues to face challenges in automotive, industrial and Europe with 
decision-making delays and soft discretionary spends. While clients are re-evaluating their supply 
chains due to tariff uncertainty, we are helping them leverage technology across end-to-end lifecycle 
from Design to Manufacturing to Sales. Pipeline remains healthy with focus on cost takeout 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 7   
opportunities. We won a large deal in this vertical in Q1 to help a client set up a GCC. In Auto, we 
are helping clients in rationalizing their footprints and in Industrial, we are helping them in cost 
optimization. 
EURS vertical outlook remains mixed due to economic uncertainties. Pipeline for both large and 
mega deals remain strong. Our investment in Industry Cloud, Energy Transition and AI-driven 
operational efficiency are driving growth and differentiating us in large deals. In Energy, high-cost 
pressures due to oil price volatility are prompting clients to consolidate vendors for savings. In 
Utilities, advancement in renewable energy, smart grid technology, and sustainability regulations are 
reshaping the market. In Services, clients remain cautious about spending across capex and opex.  
In Retail, uncertainty around tariffs has led to muted spending in large geographies, supply chain 
impact and procurement disruptions. Budgets remain tight and decision cycles elongated. There is 
a slowdown amongst clients on discretionary spend though our pipeline is strong. We are seeing 
strong commitment from clients to engage us as trusted partners for AI first, outsourcing, and 
transformation deals in both IT and BPM services. Enhanced interest in AI is resulting in budget 
reallocation with discretionary spend expected to be self-funded through AI-led productivity benefits. 
Deals in the sector continue to leverage Topaz and AI Next platform capabilities.  
Communications is facing growth challenges and increased opex pressures amidst volatile 
macroeconomic and political landscape. Clients are focusing on cost takeouts and vendor 
consolidation. There is strong focus on AI and customization to monetize 5G use cases, though ROI 
concerns are delaying newer investments. OEMs are aiming for profitable growth and are exploring 
all levers, including tighter and reduced IT budgets, and leveraging AI and automation. Growth for 
us is led by ramp-up of previously won large deals.  
Clients in Hi-Tech remain cautious due to macro headwinds and geopolitical tensions, leading to 
cost pressures and budget cuts. Discretionary programs are paused because of significant 
investments in Gen AI GPU and AI. 
Driven by our Q1 performance and our current assessment of the rest of the year, we have revised 
our FY26 revenue guidance to 1% to 3% in constant currency terms. This continues to assume a 
reduction in third-party revenues versus FY25 based on existing deals and new deals in the pipeline. 
Our operating margin guidance for the year is 20% to 22%.  
We will continue to keep a close watch in economic environment and its impact on client budgets 
and reassess our guidance as we progress during the year. 
With that, we can open the floor for questions. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 8   
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Hi, thank you. So I mean, clearly, good to see a refreshing revenue print here. Key question is on 
your organic growth momentum. On a year-over-year basis for the quarter, it is quite strong, probably 
3.5%, 3.4%. Overall growth was about 5% last quarter. 
So the question is, why are you still guiding for like 2% at the midpoint? What is it that you are seeing 
that makes you feel that the year-over-year growth trajectory on constant currency will weaken, given 
the solid signings you have had? Or asked another way, why you dropped the upper end of the guide 
here? Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Hi Ankur, this is Jayesh here. As we had said at the beginning of the year, at the lower end of the 
guidance, we had baked in heightened uncertainty. At the higher end of the guidance, we had baked 
in steady to improving environment. While Q1 was strong, if you look at the environment, underlying 
has not really changed. Q2, we are not really seeing signs of significant environment changes. Tariff 
situation still remains escalated. The geopolitical situation has not really changed. And this is the 
part of the year, Q1 and Q2 put together, is the strongest part of our year seasonally, right? So 
looking into all of that, our current guidance at the bottom end expects continuing or elevated 
uncertainty, and the upper end bakes in a steady environment at this point in time. This is based on 
what we see today. 
Ankur Rudra 
Okay. Appreciate it. Maybe a couple of questions on AI. Are there any kind of margin or pricing trade-
offs you see when you engage with clients on renewals or maybe even out of turn where the 
expectation is some of the benefits of AI is baked into their contracts? Are you also proactively taking 
this to clients? That is part number one. 
Part number two is, there seems to be a lot of significant increase in vendor consolidation, and I think 
AI is part of those contracts as well. Do you think that is potentially increasing the replaceability of 
vendors such as yourselves because of more use of Generative AI? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 9   
Hi, Ankur. This is Salil. I think on the first part, what we see with enterprise AI now is, there are areas 
where there is good productivity benefits and especially as we are deploying agents or setting up 
whole enterprise AI platforms for clients using foundation models. And then there are some areas 
where we are seeing new opportunities for revenue. 
So on the first part, typically, there are productivity gains, and those are shared between clients and 
ourselves. In many cases, those are situations where either the clients are seeking it themselves or 
we are bringing it to clients in a view to make things more efficient. And in doing so, we typically get 
an ability because I think our enterprise AI work is quite solid to do other things, both in enterprise 
AI, but in other areas with the clients. So that is how we are seeing that piece of the work going on. 
Ankur Rudra 
The other question, Salil, do you think there is any kind of increase in replaceability of vendors 
because we hear a lot more of vendor consolidation now? And is that helped by AI in any way? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, what we are seeing is, at least in the ones that we have benefited from, of which Jayesh 
mentioned, a good number of them are in the Q1 large deals. And just looking at those as a sample 
set, we see that clients have looked at where they have seen companies are not bringing them good 
AI solutions in the recent past, solid delivery or where they are looking at some of the smaller 
companies coming out. 
So those are the areas where, because of our strength of delivery, we feel quite positive that we, on 
net, are benefiting from it. I do not think it is making it easier or more difficult. But that track record, 
whether you brought that AI innovation to the client, whether you have delivered in a way that has 
worked for them over the past, and whether you have scale to do a lot of different things because 
clients are looking at multiservice capability. That is helping with the large clients for us. 
Ankur Rudra  
Thank you. Appreciate it. Best of luck. 
Moderator  
Thank you. Next question is from Kumar Rakesh, BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh  

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 10   
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question. Before I get to the question, just a clarification 
on the guidance part, which you spoke about, Jayesh, just now. So your revision of guidance, 
especially the top end of the organic growth, it is just a reflection of change in the macroeconomic 
environment assumptions and not necessarily how you look at the deals ramping up or the impact 
of third party or any of the operational related issues, right? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. I mean, see, at the beginning of the year, we had already called out lower third party. So that 
factor does not change. As we had also called out, at the top end of the guidance, we expect steady 
to marginally improving environment. Now we have not seen the environment improving in Q1. 
Almost one month of Q2 is gone. 
The challenges with respect to tariffs, the challenges with respect to geopolitical environment 
continue. Clients still remain on a wait and watch with respect to discretionary spend or whether it 
comes through deal signing, the cycles remain elongated. So I think from all of that perspective, what 
we are seeing now is at the upper end of the guidance, we are expecting a steady environment, and 
that is what is baked in the guidance. 
Having said that, just to clarify, if you look at Q1 and YoY on Q1, the third-party cost on a YoY basis 
was flattish. So when you compare a YoY growth and then extrapolate that for the full year, there 
would be a headwind from that perspective when you look at a full-year basis growth on the third-
party part.  
Kumar Rakesh 
Got it. Thanks. And just the first question around the revenue piece. So in this quarter, you spoke 
about that there has been pricing and productivity benefit of about 70 bps in the first quarter. Can 
you just give some details around that? Where are we getting that? And through the year, you spoke 
about that the third party will come down on a full-year basis further. But from first quarter level, will 
it further come down from these levels? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So if you look at the pricing, we have spoken about it earlier in terms of the Project Maximus, the 
value-based selling within Project Maximus. There are multiple tracks within Project Maximus. And I 
think they have helped. The 70 basis points is a combination of both the benefit on back of Project 
Maximus as well as some part of seasonality because in this quarter, you have higher working 
calendar days, given some part of furlough flush back also happens. So you do get that benefit also. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 11   
So partly, it is on account of seasonality. Partly, it is on account of the Project Maximus that has 
helped. But when you look at a full-year basis, last year, we did talk about 3.5% on terms of pricing 
benefit that we got. Of course, there were also low-hanging fruits that we captured. But in my mind, 
the Project Maximus is continuing contribution on this side. 
On the third party, I do not think we are giving quarterly color on this. All we have said is looking at 
the deals we have signed and the deals in the pipeline, we expect FY '26 third party to be lower than 
FY'25 third party. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Thanks for that. My second question was on Europe performance. For the last four or five quarters, 
Europe has been constantly outperforming your overall growth. So, what is driving that? And, how 
sustainable do you think this outperformance could be or just a strong growth could be? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, I think the growth in Europe in last multiple quarters and years is on back of a few things. We are 
one of the first companies a few years back to call out Europe as an opportunity. We have made, on 
back of that hypothesis, investments in Europe. And that has helped us win some of the very, very 
large and mega deals in Europe. So that has definitely helped from the growth in Europe perspective. 
There are consolidation deals that we have won as well in Europe. So that has helped. And over a 
period of time, Europe is also opening up from outsourcing perspective. So that is also helping in 
growth perspective. 
Kumar Rakesh 
And going forward, sustainability of this strong growth in Europe, do you remain confident on that? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
I think there are enough opportunities in Europe. Now whether it will continue growing beyond the 
company growth or not, I do not think we are giving a guide on that. But where we are standing 
today, we are seeing opportunity in Europe. And many of the large deals are sitting in Europe as well 
as the pipeline contain a good amount of large deals in Europe. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Great. Thanks a lot. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 12   
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar 
Yes. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I have a question on vendor consolidation. This 
has been going on for last at least a couple of years now. Do you think there has been a shift in the 
vendors we are competing with? Maybe earlier, it was the longer tail of small vendors, which these 
enterprises had added post-COVID. And you think now it has shifted to more larger, like, peers, and 
therefore, the fight to hold on to your turf and add more becomes a bit more challenging and kind of 
puts pressure on our margins? 
Salil Parekh 
Hi. this is Salil. I think first on vendor consolidation, what we are seeing is, there is a range of options 
that clients have. And in that sense, it is something that is been ongoing for some time even beyond 
the last two or three years. But now, what we are seeing is Infosys is benefiting from this from a 
perspective of the type of work we are bringing to clients and especially what we have done in the 
last couple of years in enterprise AI and the consistent delivery that we have shown across all of our 
other offerings over that time frame. That, in the past, we have talked about.  
We also have today Automation and Lean. All of those elements come together, and that is where 
we see clients selecting us. And these are with respect to some large other companies and some 
midsized, small other companies as well.  
In terms of pricing, we see that there is usual approach, which is focused on productivity. So it is not 
any different when there is a consolidation or where there is something new. But over time, there is 
an expectation of productivity improvement, and we are in that discussion quite mindful of what are 
the benefits we can provide through Automation, Lean and all the enterprise AI work we are doing. 
Abhishek Kumar 
My second question is on your seasonality. You are probably the only company who is saying that 
H2 will be weaker than H1. Most of the others are hopeful of a rebound in second half. So is it just 
seasonality that is driving this kind of a view? Or do you think some of the large deals, which are 
helping us in sectors like Communication, they kind of get into steady state and therefore, the 
visibility, given the large deals last year were weaker than the year before, the visibility from deals 
ramping up in the second half is lower? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 13   
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Abhishek, it is also a factor of what you deliver in H1. So if your H1 is relatively in line with what 
you are expecting, then the usual seasonality will come in. If you have seen a higher pressure on 
H1, then your hope on H2 is better. So, I think you will have to see all of those commentary in line of 
the performance of H1 and H2. I think our Q1 has been strong. If you look at compared to all the 
results in the market, I think we have delivered strong performance. And that makes us believe that 
we would have a usual seasonality in the model. 
Abhishek Kumar 
Thank you, and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bryan from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Bergin 
Hi. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask on geographies. So Europe obviously, very 
strong, while North America was up slightly. Can you comment on North America? Do you have 
visibility to an improvement in growth there? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Bryan, I think North America remains an important part of our business. It is the largest geography 
for us. At this point in time, we are seeing opportunity in pockets, especially in the Financial Services 
in North America, etc. But there are pockets of geographies of Manufacturing, Retail, etc., which all 
remain challenging. 
At the same time, when you look at the large deal wins that we signed this quarter, 20 of them came 
from North America, 6 in Europe and 2 in ROW. We do see opportunities, both in terms of large 
deals, cost takeout as well as consolidation in North America. 
Bryan Bergin 
Okay. And then as it relates to the smaller deals, in the past, you have commented on small deal 
activity. Can you just give some comments on how that progressed during the quarter? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 14   
We do not comment on  small deals on a regular basis. There was one quarter where we saw a 
heightened activity in the small deals. That is why we did call that out because we thought it was 
relevant information from an investor perspective. At this point in time, our overall pipeline continues 
to remain strong. Within that, the large deal pipeline is also strong. We have delivered $3.8 bn, which 
is 44% increase on a sequential basis, 55% net new. So, I think all of those are positive aspects of 
the deals and pipeline. 
Bryan Bergin 
Okay, understood. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jonathan Lee from Guggenheim Partners. Please go 
ahead. 
Jonathan Lee 
Great. Thanks for taking our questions. Just a clarification on what you had called out earlier in terms 
of what is contemplated in the range of outcomes. Is it fair to assume that the midpoint of your outlook 
contemplates a slight deterioration in demand environment? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Jonathan, as I said earlier, we build multiple models that lead us to multiple ends of the guidance, 
right? These models are not built to converge on a midpoint of the guidance. That is an outcome of 
it. At the lower end of the guidance, we have baked in higher uncertainty from where we are today. 
At the upper end of the guidance, we have baked in a stable environment. And there will be multiple 
models that will lead us to various middle points of the guidance in between. And that is how the 
guidance band has arrived as always. The midpoint just becomes an outcome of the two ends of the 
guidance. 
Jonathan Lee  
Thank you for that color. And just as a follow up, can you help decompose what you saw in terms of 
client demand as you progressed from April through June and whether any of those trends have 
continued into July? 
Salil Parekh  

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 15   
Hi. This is Salil. I think on client demand, what we see is huge interest in AI and especially what we 
are providing as agents and what we are able to do with large enterprise AI platforms, what we are 
doing with small language models. Those are places where there is discussions and then actual 
project work everywhere as part of larger programs. Then we saw more and more interest in the 
consolidation that we have already discussed. We have seen good attention on cost and efficiency. 
We have seen strong interest, for example, in the foundations of enterprise AI, on cloud and data 
and analytics type of areas, especially some of the newer areas on the new SaaS data platforms. 
Then we have seen very good traction on enterprise application areas where there is movement to 
new generations of SaaS platforms on enterprise scale. 
So those are the things where we are seeing some interest. And then because of the economic 
environment, especially if you look at logistics or consumer products or some aspects of 
manufacturing, auto and so on, we see some constraints that have come in, in this current 
environment. So, it is been a mix of those sorts of things. 
Jonathan Lee 
Thanks for the color, Salil. 
Moderator  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Surendra Goyal from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Surendra Goyal  
Yes. Hi, Salil, Jayesh, good evening. Just one question, and sorry to kind of focus on the same point. 
So the slight lowering of the upper end of the organic guidance, is it due to taking a more conservative 
view of the environment or something that you actually saw on the business ramp down, slower 
ramp-ups, discretionary declining faster, not picking up, something on the business, or is just taking 
a more cautious conservative view of the environment? Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka  
No, Suren, I think it goes back to the commentary I gave in the beginning of Q1. We did say that the 
upper end of the guidance does bake in a slightly improving environment. Having had a benefit of 
one quarter gone and a stronger visibility of Q2, we do not see the environment changing 
significantly. And that is also visible from all other results. So all of that is baked in, in the upper end 
of the guidance today. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 16   
Today, what we have baked in at the upper end of the guidance is a steady environment. And as I 
said earlier, the H1 is stronger for us than H2. So once the stronger part of the period is gone, in an 
uncertain environment, our ability to change the guidance in a positive manner at the upper end gets 
much more restrained. 
Surendra Goyal  
Yeah. No, so I understand that, but it is a lowering that I am talking of. Like how did you kind of arrive 
at that conclusion? What did you see which tells you that the environment is not improving? I am just 
trying to understand the data points behind that. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka  
Yeah. So same thing, right? The client behaviour in terms of decision-making, the discretionary 
spends that is happening on the various accounts. So all of those are anecdote data points that we 
get when we do a ground-up model in terms of where we stand. 
Surendra Goyal  
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala  
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Two questions here. Firstly, if you look at the overall wage hike 
impact that has played out over the past two quarters, almost 240 basis points, it seems like it is 
relatively higher than where the industry has been. And of course, the growth has been fairly muted 
for us and for the industry as well. So I just wanted to understand the thought process behind that 
kind of wage hike. And is it fair to assume that with that, we would not see any other action in FY26? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Rishi, the wage hike has been phased out, as you know, and it is as you mentioned into two 
phases. Large part of our organization up to middle level of the employees got a wage hike in January 
and the rest of the employees got the wage hike effective April 1. What I called out, 100 basis points 
in this quarter is a combination of wage hikes as well as the higher variable pay that we paid to our 
employees. So that is a combination of both of those factors. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 17   
We have not really split that out, but that is the overall wage hike. The wage hike, as we said at the 
beginning of the year, are relatively similar to the wage hikes that we have done in the earlier years 
in terms of percentages, etc. 
 And coming to the second part of your question, I think too early. We just have begun the year. We 
have had the wage hike effective this quarter. We have not really decided ‘when’ about the next 
wage hike at this point in time. We take multiple factors when we consider the wage hikes, including 
market scenario, inflation, peer practices, etc., etc. We will take a call at the appropriate time. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala  
Fair enough. And the second question is, some of these vendor consolidation and GCC kind of deals 
that we have won, just wanted to understand, are these any different in nature when it comes to the 
kind of upfront investments that are required either on the P&L side or on the balance sheet side 
versus, say, some of the large deals we have done a few years ago? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
See, if you look at the commentary that I gave in terms of cash flows, we are still continuing to believe 
that we will generate 100% plus conversion of our free cash flow to net profit. We have already had 
five very strong quarters of cash generation, and we are still expecting to that continue for the rest 
of the year. So obviously, these are not impacting our balance sheet or cash flow from that 
perspective. We expect these to be the regular deals with the regular contours of the deals. So these 
are not significantly different from that perspective. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala 
Understood. All right. Thank you so much. 
Moderator  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Shah 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a very solid quarter. Salil, wanted to 
understand the commentary about vendor consolidation deals, it has been bullish, not by just you or 
others. And it seems that INFY is winning higher share versus some of the peers. So, considering 
that, and this may continue going forward, one can assume that TCV can continue to remain healthier 
in the coming quarter as well because vendor consolidation deals are larger in size? 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 18   
Salil Parekh  
Hi. This is Salil. I think typically, we do not give a comment on the large deals value in the future 
quarters. As Jayesh was sharing earlier, the pipeline for large deals is in a good place. We see that 
we are benefiting from, as you were describing, on consolidation and then some of the other areas 
on AI, enterprise AI. So, we do not have like a view on what that value will be for the next three 
quarters, by quarter. But overall, we feel good in where the pipeline is. We see mega deals in that 
pipeline. But that is where we would leave it. 
Sandeep Shah  
Okay. Fair enough. What will change for clients to start spending on discretionary apart from 
improving macro? Any discussion with the clients implies or gives you any hope for green shoots 
possible on the discretionary side, may not be near term, but maybe by the fag end of FY26? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, again, we have not, in that sense, have a view on where or when that would happen. What 
we do see is clients are quite comfortable in working with us on enterprise AI programs, on cloud, 
on data analytics, on enterprise applications, and what we have discussed a little bit in more depth, 
on the consolidation programs. There is still quite a lot of attention on cost and efficiency. So we will 
see how and when the clients change their thinking on some of the other points you mentioned. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. And the last question is, I think in the press, you also mentioned that the aspiration to improve 
EBIT margin in this year over last year continues to remain. With the 1Q being lower than 21.1%, 
which was the margin in FY25, is it fair to assume we can still aspire to improve margin QoQ in the 
rest of the three quarters that will take us to better margin on a YoY in FY26? So what would be the 
levers apart from likely decline in the third-party equipment for service delivery? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Sandeep, it is only one-fourth of the year which has gone behind. This is a part of the quarter or 
part of the year where we also have rolled out a compensation increase. So that is a large headwind 
that we have absorbed in the quarter as we got into the year. As we go further down, there are 
multiple tailwinds in terms of Project Maximus, value-based selling, etc. So that will help for sure. 
The third party as it reduces, will help on margins.  

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 19   
At the same time, there will be headwinds from the mega deals or the deals that will ramp up, in 
terms of transition activities that we will incur, where we do not get revenue, but we incur costs, etc. 
So these are factors that one will have to balance as we go through the year. At this point in time, as 
I said earlier, in the press also, our aspiration remains to improve margin from where we are. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Thanks for taking my question and congrats again for a solid growth in this quarter. So Salil, my 
question was on basically the outlook that you provided, that we have not seen much things 
improving, and that is why the guidance stands where it is. Now, in your conversation with the clients, 
what is the deduction that we have that, look, the tariff was probably one of the most important 
reasons that we had in the guidance when we gave at the end of Q4? 
But July 9 deadline has come and passed, now we are looking at the August 1 deadline. We have a 
trade deal with Japan. Do you think that over the next few months or quarters, maybe if these trade 
deals get finalized, the client spending could come back quickly, and basically, they might look at 
restarting the discretionary spend also or do you think it is more structural in nature? 
It will also be weighed down upon how the U.S. economy growth picks up, how basically clients are 
looking to spend on all the other factors? Is it a mix of all? Or do you think an improvement in the 
tariff scenario could restart the spend that have been put on hold? 
Salil Parekh 
I think those are sort of important questions. What we see is, there is an interest with clients across 
industries to essentially leverage massively the new enterprise AI technology. A lot of that for 
productivity, a lot of that for new ways of doing business, which will spur their own growth and spur 
and expand revenue for us. The foundation of that is much more attention to be on the cloud, much 
more attention to have a strong sort of data infrastructure, and then much more attention to have 
even enterprise apps onto the cloud environments. 
So all that, like interest is there. And then there is also the view of various GDP growth and economic 
activity go. And so our view is to make sure that there is an interest in cost and efficiency. We see 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 20   
some benefits of consolidation. We play that as an activity because we have strength there in 
addition to enterprise AI and the other areas. And we try to make sure that we are well positioned 
for that. 
The other points in terms of timelines, we look at it for this year based on what we see. And at the 
end of next quarter and so on, every quarter as we see things which are different or the same. So 
we then update what we are looking at in terms of the overall activity. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. Just one last one bit from my side since you touched upon the interest in AI. Is the current AI 
cycle very similar in nature to the digital adoption cycle that we saw in 2015-16? Do you think the 
level of interest of clients is pretty much the same? 
The trajectory that the industry took at that point of time, in the sense that initially, the industry's IMS 
and other revenues were cannibalized by the cloud adoption, and then gradually, it picked up 
momentum. Do you think the AI cycle could also play out in a similar manner? Any thoughts on that 
would be really helpful. 
Salil Parekh 
So there, my view is, every big technology shift has a way for enterprise clients making decisions in 
different ways. So, whether it is that cycle or the one before that, with everything on the internet or 
the one before that, each tech cycle has had a way of playing out. So one of the factors we see, 
because large enterprises have already a landscape of different technologies. So for anything to 
make a big impact, it needs the technology to be distinctive, which we think enterprise AI is. And it 
has to then work with the ecosystem and then make an impact there. 
So I do not have a view on, will that be looking like the one in the past or how similar or different it 
is. But what we do have a view on is we see a tremendous interest in enterprise AI from clients. We 
see foundational capabilities that they need, which we are good at, cloud, data, etc., which we think 
will help. And we are also pretty good in enterprise AI. So we are more prepared as that plays out. 
Now like the timeline of that and the scale, at the end, the enterprise tech, let us say, landscape is 
much larger today than it was in 10 year ago period. So there is a lot more things, which need a 
change. So generally speaking, that gives me a good sort of feeling about the future. But to try to put 
that as it is similar or different is more difficult for me. 
Vibhor Singhal 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 21   
Got it. Thank you so much for that comprehensive answer, and I wish you all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from Franklin Templeton. Please go 
ahead. 
Apurva Prasad 
So Salil, I am asking if the implied outlook for the remaining part of the year, is this more a function 
of macro and client tech overall spend related uncertainty that you are referring to? Or is it more of 
the structural AI-related productivity pass back? You did share some numbers of 5% to 15% related 
benefits that are being passed in, through AI programs. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Hi. This is Jayesh here. This is more about the macro uncertainty that we are seeing. As I talked 
earlier, we have not really seen the environment improving from where we were at the beginning of 
the year. The tariff-related uncertainties still continue. The geopolitical uncertainty is still there. The 
client behaviour has not changed. 
Many of the clients are still in a wait and watch mode when it comes to discretionary spending, etc. 
So, we have not really seen the environment changing, in the most strong part of the period, 
seasonally strong part of our business.  
Apurva Prasad 
All right. And if I still want to understand the AI-related productivity - the impact that you are facing 
already. Is there any geo or vertical specific trend that you see here, perhaps more maybe on North 
America and Hi-Tech? Is there any such trend across geographies and verticals? 
Salil Parekh 
On the AI, we see good adoption in many places. So there is not like one thing which will stand out. 
But one of the sort of comments we shared earlier was in Financial Services. If you look at our largest 
clients, half of them now, we have become the AI strategic partner. It is a key, I would say, positional 
advantage that I think Infosys has. 
Apurva Prasad 
All right. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 22   
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. One, Jayesh, in terms of the depreciation and 
amortization going down to almost 50 bps, what has been the driver of that? And the second is in 
terms of SG&A bump up that we have seen, which is almost 90 bps this quarter. So is it more sales 
addition that is driving it? Or are there any, say, one-off events which possibly led to a material bump 
up? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. On the depreciation and amortization, if you recollect last quarter, we had a one-off on account 
of amortization of intangibles with respect to one of our acquisitions that is impacted by 40 basis 
points. Not the reversal of it, but the lack of it this quarter-on-quarter walk, shows up as 40 bps delta. 
And the balance has some part of the currency impact as well. 
On the SG&A, it is multiple factors. Comp increase that we did in Q1 has an impact. The variable 
pay that we did has an impact. The hiring for the S&M mainly to improve our growth trajectory, which 
is what I called out as 20 basis point sales investment in the margin walk. So that has an impact. 
The investment that we have done in terms of brand building, and we had some events this quarter. 
So that also had an impact. So I think all of that is reflected in SG&A. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Okay, thanks sir, and all the best for the next quarter. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Pathak from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Pathak 
Yes, hi, team. Morning, and congrats on a good quarter. A couple of questions. Just firstly, on the 
inorganic contribution. So the 40 bps impact that you are referring to, is this entirely from the 
acquisitions consolidated in this quarter? Because if I were to assume some residual impact from in-
tech, the full year inorganic number comes out to be slightly higher? So just that clarification will be 
helpful. 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 23   
And the second question is, there was a commentary around how discretionary spends are being 
kind of bank rolled entirely by the savings made by AI. So just wondering, is this going to be sort of 
a structural trend where there is going to be a cannibalization going forward regardless of how the 
demand improves? Will the clients expect us to just keep self-funding the discretionary initiatives 
based on these gains or is there sort of a more structural demand recovery built in, let us say, post 
the next 12 to 18 months, where the clients do need a serious amount of investment in their data 
and their tech stack to basically modernize? So those are two questions. Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Abhishek, the 40 basis points that I talked about is sequential. So 2.6% includes 40 basis points 
of on account of acquisitions. These are the acquisitions that we made in this quarter, the MRE and 
The Missing Link in Australia. So that has contributed around 40 basis points out of the 2.6%. 
Abhishek Pathak 
Right. I think I was just referring to your comment on the press conference that you said, even the 
full-year impact will be 40 bps and hence, the confusion. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So in-tech was pretty much 9 out of the 12 months in the last year. So if you look at full-year 
basis, it is not significant. So that is the reason I said it is similar impact on a full-year basis. If you 
add 3.5 months of in-tech and 11 months of MRE and Missing Link. 
Abhishek Pathak 
Yes, got it. Thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bachman from BMO. Please go ahead. 
Keith Bachman 
Hi, thank you. This is Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. My first question is, your headcount 
was relatively flat quarter-on-quarter, including software professionals. How do you think about 
headcount trends through the year? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 24   
So Keith, we were able to increase our utilization this quarter by 30 basis points. So that helped. Part 
of our growth, as I mentioned earlier, came on back of the pricing increase, including the seasonality 
in the business. So that has helped as well. 
But as we go forward, whatever volume growth will come in, considering that we are operating at a 
peak headcount, that would need additional head count either through subcontractors or our own 
employees in terms of efforts. 
Keith Bachman 
Okay. Perfect. And then my second question is, the reason I said headcount, I just did not know if 
you had been able to break the cycle a little bit on growing headcount faster than effort because AI 
might help you, but it sounds like in the next couple of quarter interest, no. 
The second question is related to your delivery model. How do you think about your delivery model 
changing over the next year or so in terms of having, A) FTE base versus B), more success base or 
more fixed price contracts? Do you think your delivery model may change, enabled by or may be 
caused by the advent of more AI capabilities? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Keith, if you look at the delivery model, I do not think delivery model will change in a short period 
of a couple of quarters. Over a longer period of time, on the back of AI, etc., we may expect some 
part of newer pricing models emerging. It could be outcome-based pricing model. It could be pod-
based or studio-based pricing model, etc. So there are various new pricing models that are emerging 
as we speak, I do not think over the next year or so, the entire model is going to change. The change 
will happen gradually in my mind. 
Keith Bachman 
Okay. Many thanks. Best of luck. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I will now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Salil Parekh 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us. It is been a fantastic quarter for us, strong growth, large deals, 
a very good focus on enterprise AI consolidation, but also good on cloud and data work. We see this 

 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 25   
as a differentiated performance with what we have done, which is helping positioning Infosys in that 
leadership area. And we look forward to a good rest of financial year'26 and connecting with you 
through the quarter and at the end of this quarter as well. 
Thanks, everyone. Take care. Bye. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
