 
 
 
August 07, 2025 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
 
SYMBOL: POLICYBZR 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services/ Listing 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
SCRIP CODE: 543390 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on August 01, 2025 
 
Dear Sir 
 
In furtherance to our earlier communication dated July 14, 2025, August 01, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on August 01, 2025. 
 
The transcript of Earnings Call is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.pbfintech.in/investor-relations/. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your records.  
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For PB Fintech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Bhasker Joshi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
        
          
 
 
BHASKER 
JOSHI
Digitally signed by 
BHASKER JOSHI 
Date: 2025.08.07 
21:03:51 +05'30'

 
PB FINTECH LIMITED 
Q1 FY 2025-26 
Earnings Call 
August 01, 2025 
 

 
Page 1 of 26 
 
Management: A very good morning and warm welcome to PB Fintech Limited Earnings Call 
for Quarter 1 Financial Year 2025-2026. Today we have with us: 
▪ Mr. Yashish Dahiya, Chairman & Group CEO, PB Fintech  
▪ Mr. Alok Bansal, Executive Vice Chairman, PB Fintech  
▪ Mr. Sarbvir Singh, Joint Group CEO, PB Fintech  
▪ Ms. Santosh Agarwal, CEO, Paisabazaar 
▪ Mr. Mandeep Mehta, Group CFO, PB Fintech, and  
▪ Ms. Rasleen Kaur, Head, Strategy & Investor Relations, PB Fintech 
I now request Yashish Dahiya for his introductory address. 
Management: Thank you very much, Rasleen. Good morning to all. Thank you very much for 
joining.  I just wanted to start today by acknowledging and thanking our team 
not just for this quarter, but for the continued years of very good work. And 
what I mean by very good work is staying focused on what is right for the 
consumer, putting that at the centre of everything we do and at the same time 
delivering every plan. I know we are broadly on plan, but every plan becomes 
waste the moment you get punched the first time, and our team takes multiple 
punches every day and continues to hit plans which is never easy. I just wanted 
to acknowledge that right up, and that goes for the entire 23k of us. Thank you 
very much.  
Our total insurance premium this quarter was ₹6,616 Cr, up 36% YoY. This was 
led by growth in the core protection business, but specifically, Health, which 
grew at 65%, which is one of the highest in the last 9 quarters. The core online 
insurance premium grew 35% with 46% from Health and Term, which is the 
protection area. Our consolidated operating revenue grew at 33% to ₹1,348 Cr 
for the quarter and core insurance was up 37% YoY. The core credit was down 
22% year on year.  Our renewal and trail revenue of the last 12 month rolling 
basis is at ₹725 Cr up from ₹506 Cr last year, so about 43% YoY growth. This 
you're seeing at a very consistent rate, moving at about 43%. For instance, the 
Quarterly Renewal revenue is that an ARR of ₹673 Cr right now, up 47%. This is 
only for insurance. So the insurance quarterly Core revenue is at ₹673 Cr up 
47% YoY. So what you're seeing is the insurance revenue has actually been 
growing at about 47% right now. I don't expect it to be at 47% forever. This 
would be somewhere in the 45%ish range for the foreseeable future. This is a 
key driver of our long-term profit growth. From a rolling 12-month perspective, 
the delta between four consecutive quarters has been increasing consistently, 
and is now ₹218 Cr at an overall level. Steady growth continues for our core 
new insurance premium net of savings business. This is another metric which 

 
Page 2 of 26 
 
we have been highlighting for some time. If you take the savings part out, our 
core business has been growing at ±40%, now for 9 quarters, and we were at 
42%, this quarter. Our Savings business has grown at more than 100% at times, 
and is currently at about -5% YoY. We continue to improve our customer 
onboarding and claim support services and the insurance CSAT is consistently 
above 90%. 
Our credit revenue for the quarter is ₹102 Cr and disbursals are at ₹2,095 Cr 
for the core online business. 
We continue to strengthen our leadership in new initiatives with a revenue 
growth of about 50% YoY with adjusted EBITDA margins moving from -12% to 
-6% with a 5% contribution now.  
PB Partners, our agent aggregation platform, continues to lead the market with 
350k advisors. We have moved the business increasingly towards smaller and 
higher quality advisors and the growth is much higher in that segment. We are 
now present in 19k Pincodes covering 99% of the Pincodes in India. 
Our UAE business, along with our Health business, is another star 
outperformer in the group. They've been growing at 68% YoY and they have 
now been profitable for the last 2 quarters, so that's starting to become quite 
consistent. Our consolidated PAT for PB Fintech grew from ₹19 Cr, excluding 
exceptional items last year, to ₹85 Cr, basically from 2% to 6% margin. 
To summarize our performance since the listing: Our revenue has grown at a 
CAGR of 54% from ₹238 Cr in Q1FY22 to ₹1,348 Cr in Q1FY26. And our PAT 
margin has grown from -47% in Q1FY22 to 6% in Q1FY26. Of course, we have 
seasonality. Q1 is usually our weakest quarter but that's just the way the 
industry is. I'd be very happy to take questions now. Thank you very much. 
Management: Thank you. Yashish. We'll take a minute for questions to queue up. Please raise 
your hand, and I shall request you to unmute yourself.  
We'll take the first question from Sachin Salgaonkar, BofA. Sachin, please 
unmute yourself.  
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Thanks, Rasleen. Hope I'm audible. Thank you, Management. I have 
three questions. First question - want to understand again how is management 
thinking in terms of balancing between growth and profitability. Clearly, as 
Yashish indicated for last 7 quarters, we are seeing 40%+ growth in terms of 
core business. But when I look on a YoY basis, your core online EBITDA margin 
is largely flattish at 14%.  Should we sort of look at this business that it's 

 
Page 3 of 26 
 
matured from a margin perspective and management is focusing in terms of 
growing at 30-40% odd percent plus going ahead. Or should we also continue 
to see a margin improvement plus the growth out here? So that's question one. 
Let me pause here and pass it on to you guys. 
Management: Q1 is actually fairly straightforward. Our focus for the time being is entirely on 
growth. Yes, we will deliver profits, but they will be an outcome. We are clearly 
not optimizing for profits right now. There will be a point when we will perhaps 
optimize for profits. I hope that is as late as possible. Don't get me wrong here, 
because this is not meant to be a statement of any sort. We are a profitable 
company. We will keep becoming more profitable. But that will be a natural 
course for a while. Of course, if we wished, we could have a lot more profit 
right now but our bias is entirely towards growth. So whenever there's a call 
we have to make on - can we make this investment and maybe there's a doubt 
that it will help us in terms of growth or not, we will more often than not make 
that investment and err on the side of having taken on extra cost, and not being 
able to deliver the growth rather than having the growth opportunity, and not 
being able to deliver because we did not take on a particular cost. So that's the 
state we are in. Now, just to specifically get into whether that's a sign of us 
maturing, or that's a sign of us being young, I think that's a sign of us being 
young. You could take it whichever way, because I think there's an easy part 
which is to deliver the higher profits which we can do at any stage. But it's 
clearly not the stage to do that. It's like a 14-year-old kid. Do I want the highest 
performance from him today, or do I want him to train and have a lot of protein 
so that he grows into the future and becomes a far stronger adult. I think we 
are in the stage where we are still growing into becoming a far stronger adult 
in the future. And that is why, when we talk about 2030, we start talking about 
a ₹1 lakh Cr premium, we're not talking about profitability, because for us, that 
is the North Pole goal that we want to achieve growth and we want to achieve 
a certain scale. Profits will automatically come. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it, very clear Yashish. That was question one. Question two to 
Santosh. Wanted to understand if there is any change in strategy at Paisabazaar 
since you've taken over. Clearly market, especially on credit lending on 
Unsecured, continues to remain soft. And I know you guys were exploring and 
focusing a bit more on Secured. So it would be great to understand from you 
broad changes in strategy since you've taken over Paisabazaar. 
Management: Three things. One, that we are growing the Secured area, and you'd see that 
Secured has actually come up well. From a disbursal overall perspective, we are 
growing YoY. I would say we have a lot of existing customer base, about 5.3 Cr 

 
Page 4 of 26 
 
customers are on our platform. We wanted to monetize our traffic for other 
products as well. So you'll see us doing savings, we've already launched bonds, 
we've already launched Fixed Deposits. You will also see us do mutual funds in 
a while. I think that is another area that we are investing in. And third I would 
say, is building a lot of alternate data sources to basically sharpen our risk 
ability. Our ability to underwrite better and help our partners underwrite 
better. That is one area we are heavily investing in. I think the sharpness in risk 
and being able to qualify a customer better for credit that is the third area that 
you will see us do a lot of work in. You will see us now doing collections, you're 
seeing us now doing bill payment, etc, a lot of that really builds up from a deep 
risk capability. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Thank you. Last question. Of late, there appears to be some increase in 
competitive intensity from some of the smaller players and platforms in the 
new initiative space. Wanted to understand are you guys seeing any 
competitive intensity and any impact of that which could be visible on the 
numbers?  
Management: I think you may be speaking about the POSP platform, so I'll just defer to Sarbvir 
on that.  
Management: Sachin, I would say this has been a very competitive space all around. I don't 
see anything very dramatic that has changed over there. I think there's a whole 
bunch of people who've been competing and the basis of competition has to 
shift. We have to focus on more granular business and work with smaller 
partners and add value to them. I think that's the race. If you ask me honestly, 
it's no longer a competitive issue. It's issue of, can we add value to our agent 
partners, and how much so that we can all have better economics.  
Management: Sachin, I just wanted to add there, more from outside in perspective. I believe 
every market with scale starts to become more and more real. So that market 
in a way started with any scale is equal and any scale is okay. I think slowly the 
understanding is coming within the investor community as well, that look, 
granular business is better, and business quality is important, and I think people 
are being able to assess that better. For us, quite genuinely, and me and Sarbvir 
were discussing this before our call as well. As the market matures towards 
reality, we benefit because in reality, we are actually a player that does the right 
things, anyway. I would say that's the kind of stated play. I think the market is 
becoming more and more real, and that plays to our favour. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Very clear. Thank you guys and all the best. 

 
Page 5 of 26 
 
Management: Thank you, Sachin. We'll take the next question from Suresh Ganapathy, 
Macquarie. Suresh, please unmute yourself. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Thanks, Rasleen. Just one main question is now that Health is done so 
well, and of course Term has always been doing well for you guys. What would 
be now your market share in these two products Yashish. If I were to take retail 
Health premiums overall in the industry, what would be PB Fintech's share, and 
also on the retail Term? Roughly, if you can state those numbers. 
Management: I'll try to but I'll state something else a little before that, because I've been 
thinking deeply about this. The year Policybazaar started, the total Health and 
Term business in the country for retail was about ₹200 Cr. If we thought market 
share at that time. Actually there was an investor that time, Suresh. I won't 
name them. But they said, “Listen, the total market is ₹200 Cr. If you guys are 
30% of this market, that’s ₹60 Cr opportunity. Why should we invest ₹20 Cr 
behind a business like that and so they left it out.” Another investor did not 
know what the Health and Term market was, and so they did invest, and they 
kind of reaped the benefit. I think we are not in the market share game and I 
think that's a very important statement to make. We are in the “market 
creation” game. Since you asked the question the very specific answer would 
be, I think, in Health we would be (of the fresh retail business) somewhere 
about maybe 15%ish or so. And in Term we would probably be a quarter of the 
business in the country. But quite genuinely, we don't think in those terms. We 
just think in terms of our own scale. I'll tell you how we think about it. We think 
in India there is this 300-400 million people who earn sub of about ₹1 lakh as 
a family, and they can't afford the current healthcare solution, because 
everything is getting hard. Claims is getting hard, prices are getting hard, 
everything is tough for them. We hope we can play a very meaningful role in 
enabling Health insurance for them with our partners. In so doing it, make 
Health insurance a much larger industry than it potentially can be in the next 4 
or 5 years, and should we be a participant in that, we should have a significant 
part of that growth. But that is really how we think. I think currently, it is a little 
stuck as an industry.  But yeah, 15% and 25%, those would be the real numbers.  
Suresh Ganapathy: 
And in Savings you would be how much? 
Management: Maybe 2% or so. About 5% of the non LIC, maybe, but about 2% overall. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Okay, 5% of non-LIC, that's clear. I know these questions keep getting 
asked. But you guys have done a very good job about your growth being at 
36%. I know you guys have also been realistic, you believe medium term we 
should grow twice the industry, may be closer to about 30%. The problem that 

 
Page 6 of 26 
 
I have got is that you're already 25% of the term market and I don't think the 
term market is growing beyond 15% and so should be Health. When you are 
already at such a high market share, and the industry growth rate itself is 
curtailed. It is becoming difficult to digest that you can even grow at 30% when 
the overall market growth is stunted to some extent. Is my assessment right or 
how do you look at? 
Management: That is a very fair way of thinking about it, and I wouldn't expect any outside 
person to think any differently but that is not how we have ever thought about. 
That's the point I was trying to make. When we started in 2008, the total 
business was only ₹200 Cr, and nobody expected it to grow very rapidly. I'll 
make one statement. I'm sure you have a market projection, let's say, of the 
next 10 years, for both Health and Term. Whatever that market projection is, 
our belief is Policybazaar alone will be bigger than that market projection over 
the next 10 years. But now that is the gap right. The gap is we are coming at it 
from - There is an opportunity out there; we feel we are better placed at solving 
that opportunity, and that opportunity is solved; the market will actually grow 
much faster. There are two parts to the market, and we believe we are a 
contributor to the growth of the market. So as we become bigger and bigger, 
the market actually does start to grow faster. For example, you heard one of 
the public players go out there and say that, look our digital business is growing 
at 73%. Yes, we are growing but the digital business of the entire industry is 
growing and somewhere, this is a phase shift. That part of the business is 
perhaps going to grow faster, because perhaps it has better disclosures; 
perhaps it has better cost controls at the back-end. There are things that are 
happening which make it a more viable business. All I'm trying say is there's a 
more sustainable way of doing business, and that sustainable way doesn’t have 
a scale problem. And there's one kind of non-sustainable which does have a 
scale problem. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
There's one last question on the Savings thing. I'll just squeeze in. So 
you are right now, 2% of the market but it's stuck around that for quite some 
time, right? And the growth has not been great here. I mean, that's an 
enormous opportunity, because 80-85% of the market is Savings business. 
What's wrong here, or what's getting stuck here as to why you're not able to 
do this at a faster rate? 
Management: Suresh, I'll just answer that question once, and then I'll hand over to Sarbvir. At 
IPO, we were point 0.4%, we're at 2% now. In these years, we have moved from 
0.4% to 2%. I think Sarbvir is perhaps better placed at why we are at 2% and 
not at 15%, like Health, etc. 

 
Page 7 of 26 
 
Management: Thanks Yashish. I think Suresh, it's a very difficult question to answer on an 
open forum. I would say that you have to look at it from a relevant perspective. 
If you look at ULIPs, if you look at the better-quality products that are sold, I 
think our share is more meaningful, and we always believe and in line with 
what Yashish was explaining on Health and Term, that in the end, the better-
quality products will win, and they will become a greater and greater part of 
the market. And as that happens, our growth will also come.  I think it's an 
enormous long-term opportunity. Like we have entered the Pension area in the 
last 12 months. I think slowly but surely we are building a very robust business 
on that side, and you would agree that Pension is a very big opportunity in the 
country, and it is coming. It is going to be an issue for the next 10-15-20 years. 
So I think we are building such anchor legs. We are selling very high-quality 
products. I would encourage you to look at a slide that we have in the deck, 
which actually shows that some of the low cost products that we sell, on a cost 
basis, are lower than mutual funds. From a time when your ULIPs were 
discredited and there was a concern around cost structure, etc, to a point 
where they are now in the long run, actually better than mutual funds. I think 
we are moving. It will take time for these lower quality products to come 
through, and when they come through I think all these questions about market 
share, etc. will become less relevant. It's a game of patience, is how I would 
look at it. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Thanks so much, Sarbvir. 
Management: Thank you, Suresh. We'll take the next question from Sanketh Godha, Avendus 
Spark. Sanketh, please unmute yourself. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. Just again, on that Health point. 
See, we know that underlying industry is not growing. So you delivered 65% 
growth in the current quarter. Is it fair to tell that large part of your growth was 
driven because you have a higher contribution to long-term policies, because 
that materially improves the growth for you? On that line just wanted to 
understand, given, you have chosen to take commission in a deferred way in 
the long-term policies. Is it fair to say that your take rates, because you are 
chosen to take in a deferred way, will be better when you recognize on upfront 
basis on revenue? That's my first question. 
Management: Sanketh on the revenue part, I will defer to Sarbvir. I just wanted to answer one 
question, not just for you, but for everybody. When we say we've grown at a 
particular rate, our number of transactions has actually grown at faster than 
that. So that lays to rest all kinds of questions like, has ATS grown faster, have 

 
Page 8 of 26 
 
you done multi-year policies more than last year? All of those questions get 
laid to rest. I will answer one last thing which just came to my mind. It's not 
because one customer is buying three policies because that can also happen. 
It’s simply because we are adding more customers than ever before, and our 
number of customers added is growing at a faster rate than our premium 
growth because this is something we obviously check. Sarbvir can answer the 
question on the commission side and the cash flow side.  
Management: So Sanketh, as Yashish explained. I'Il just reinstate simply, there are no games 
in this 65% number. This is based on number of policies going up, number of 
lives covered going up. Our multi-year share is roughly the same as it was last 
year, in fact, in decimal points here and there. If I were to actually answer your 
question, maybe the real question that you're asking as to what is driving this 
growth, then I would say that three things. One is, customers have seen the 
value that Policybazaar brings in terms of comparison, in terms of having more 
efficient products. They are buying those products. They are getting a better 
customer experience, both in the policy issuance process and at the point of 
claims, and that is in turn creating a positive word of mouth. If you see, our 
marketing is totally talking about how people are being benefited at the point 
of claim. I think it's a virtual circle right now, and as Yashish said right up front, 
I would say that our teams are doing an outstanding job. We have set up 
regional presence, we have Feet on Street team. I think every part of the 
business is firing, and I think that's why you are seeing the results. So far, it 
looks like it's a very robust performance. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, thanks for that one. And the second question just wanted to 
check on the new initiatives contribution margin, which every quarter seems 
to be improving. Today, it is at 5.3% for the Q1. So can you give a bit of colour 
of this 5.3% broken down into POSP, UAE, and Corporate. Where this delta 
improvement in the contribution margin in new initiatives is coming from. 
Maybe if you can break this 5.3% number. 
Management: Sure. I'll explain. See, there are three aspects to it. I don't know if we want to 
give out all the specifics right now. UAE has become profitable, and so 
obviously that contributes to the to the margin. In fact, UAE and Corporate kind 
of balance each other, so they together become very close to 0. POSP has been 
improving in margins, it has been growing in scale and improving in margins. 
And it's just the quality of business they are doing, and they're constantly 
transforming towards smaller and smaller partners. I would say, look, if you 
want directionally, there's a likelihood that next year we should be very close 
to, numbers which have become meaningless from a profit or loss perspective 

 
Page 9 of 26 
 
both from a new initiatives perspective. But we don't want to hold ourselves 
to it. As I have always said we could end up being a bit counter cyclical in this, 
because we do want market share, and I don't think we will hold ourselves back 
for any short-term profit delivery target. We will always do what we think is 
best for the long-term strength of the business. So yeah, that's the sort of story 
there. 
Sanketh Godha: 
The reason I'm asking - this 5.3% can improve to, by end of FY27, to 
around 7.5%-8%, or you assume this number to hold up at the current levels? 
Management: I would say next year you should expect it to be about 0. I don't know, were 
you asking from a more short-term perspective than next year? 
Sanketh Godha: 
Even in long term, say FY30, the contribution margin or EBITDA margin, 
how do you look this business to play out? 
Management: Maybe a few percentage points. There isn't that much margin. I've explained 
this, and you know this very well, Sanketh. Please understand POSP business is 
basically a pass-through business. It's somebody else's business which you are 
providing them a tech layer for but your revenue accounting is essentially for 
the entire business. So you are getting a commission of, let's say ₹100 but of 
that ₹85-₹90 is going to somebody else. So eventually, as a percentage of 
revenue only about 10-15, whatever is staying with you, and in that you have 
to incur all your costs. So it can't be like the core business. But yes, it can deliver 
something, and I would say, let's see, we're not putting pressure on that but I 
would suspect, maybe something like a 5% should appear at some point but 
whether it happened by 2030 or 2029 or 2031, I don't know. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, so basically long term you believe this is a 5% adj. EBITDA margin 
business in that sense. 
Management: Let's see, let's see, but yes why not? 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, got it. And lastly, a few data keeping points. If you can give a 
premium breakup of POSP, Corporate and UAE. UAE we have but maybe POSP 
& Corporate if you can give. And second in new initiatives, revenue of ₹514 Cr, 
can you break it down into insurance and credit. 
Management: Yeah, Corporate is ₹430 Cr. POSP is about is almost ₹1,300 Cr. 
Sanketh Godha: 
New initiatives, revenue of ₹514 Cr broken down into credit and 
insurance. 
Management: That much I don't have. Maybe Rasleen can answer that offline. 

 
Page 10 of 26 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay, perfect, that’s not a problem. That's it for me. Thank you. 
Management: Thank you, Sanketh. We'll take the next question from Shreya Shivani, CLSA. 
Shreya, please unmute yourself. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Just on the data keeping question you 
had given us the PB Connect revenue last quarter of ₹55 Cr. Have you shared 
the equivalent number for Q1? And my second question is on the ESOP cost. 
So, we were following a certain trajectory, the ESOP cost, which has come in at 
about ₹55 Cr. Can you help us understand what would be the outlook for the 
next 2 years probably? Now, my two main questions, apart from this is. First is 
on the non-ULIP savings business, and we had indicated that we are 
considering certain other sectors or certain other segments where we would 
want to expand into. Can you elaborate anything incremental on that? And my 
second question is, while I appreciate the part that you are prioritizing growth, 
and for that your expenses are up in this quarter. But what I see is that your 
expenses outside contribution has picked up faster than the expenses within 
contribution. So just wanted to understand, how does this pan out when you 
start the year? How does it pan out that if it is for growth; shouldn't have been 
the expenses within the contribution that should have scaled up and just trying 
to understand. How does the math work out? Thank you. 
Management: Thank you. So PB connect is ₹43 Cr this year. So it was for ₹50 something, and 
there's a bit of seasonality in that. On the non-ULIP, we had an aspiration to 
grow into Pensions. Please appreciate Pensions was almost 0 last year, it's 
about 15% of our Savings business now and getting bigger. Of course, we have 
Child plans. When you think about ESOP charges. Basically, if the management 
performs which I think we are all working very hard, and we will; then the 
management must be rewarded. I have zero doubts there. Now the only thing 
we can say, and that's what came across in our ESOP thing is we will only get 
rewarded when over a long period of time, over a 5-8 year period, the stock 
price also does. Of course, we're getting rewarded in terms of our basic 
compensation but our ESOP compensation is largely linked to our share price 
performance over the long term. So we are aligned with investors in that 
respect, and yes, it will over time, increase and decrease. That's okay. But it will 
be associated with that sort of price movement. Then we have new initiatives. 
In new initiatives, because they are not yet profitable, the management team’s 
long term incentive planning is linked to the profitability of those business, so 
the only number that matters to the management. But this is not from a short-
term perspective, it's with an 8-year view. Their entire ESOP is, or whatever you 
want to call it Long Term Incentive Plan, is all linked to those businesses 

 
Page 11 of 26 
 
becoming profitable and significantly profitable, because that is when they 
make serious money. On expense planning, what you have as a contribution 
and non-contribution line. There's also brand out there, and sometimes in a 
brand one month we may do something extra one month, we may not do 
enough. But over the year the cost will not grow in line with our revenue. It will 
grow at maybe about 2/3rd of our revenue growth or so.  
Management: Increments is something that hit every year, but they hit in the Q1. So when 
the increments happen, you can have some impact coming from that. That is 
how it is. But otherwise, if there's any detail, I'm sure Rasleen can provide that. 
But that is how the planning happens. Of course, before the beginning of the 
year, we do have a plan. Obviously, we don't just have a plan, we kind of have 
a multi-year plan usually. And we give out some of those numbers to the 
market, like we did about 4 or 5 years ago, about a 2027 profitability. Today we 
are broadly starting to talk about our 2030 premium numbers. But more than 
that, we don't put out in the market in terms of our short-term business plans, 
but of course, our intent is not to have our fixed costs growing faster than our 
revenue, of course not. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. Sorry, I didn't understand on the Pensions you mentioned that 
you've already started scaling up the business versus it being at 0 last year. 
That's the only product that you've decided to go ahead with. 
Management: At a fundamental level, when you think about insurance, there are five 
products that matter to social security. I'll talk about all five. First is Health and 
Pensions, because you can fall ill, and if you get older you need to cover 
yourself for Pensions. The second is Term and Child education. If people die 
early, then they can have a problem with their family costs, that is Term 
insurance. And just in case something goes wrong, people haven't planned 
adequately for their children's education, that can get affected. These four, and 
then to some extent Credit is another enabler of social security in various 
situations. These are five products we focus on. Now, ULIP was a somewhat 
market linked opportunity, it did have a component, but our intent was always 
to sell more Child education and Pension plans, and I'll hand over to explain 
that there's been a beautiful transition in that over the last year. 
Management: I think Shreya the way to think about it is that product is a means to an end. 
And I think ULIP, we believe, is more efficient, and in a growing country like 
India, equity is a better long-term solution. So if you are trying to save money 
for 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, then equity is the most efficient solution, and 
you can look at Indian equity returns. I'm sure you guys know better than us 

 
Page 12 of 26 
 
that over the last 10 years, on any rolling basis, you will find that they tend to 
converge around 14-15%. So that is the basic philosophy that we have. In that 
philosophy, we try to offer products for Children education, as Yashish just 
explained, we have created a Pension line where we are talking about long 
term savings for Pension products. These are accumulation products, then they 
have an annuity component. You can have straight out accumulation if you like. 
Then the third thing that we have focused on is protection of capital. For a lot 
of people, the concern is they want the upside of the market, but they also 
want to protect their capital that they are investing. So we have a capital 
guarantee solution which is comprised of a ULIP as well as a fixed return non-
par product. So I think these are broadly, I would say, the three big areas that 
we focus on. Over time, we will look at, especially as Paisabazaar gets into the 
savings area, we will look at forming more complete solutions for some of these 
areas. I think that's the direction we are going. Right now, we have no particular 
interest in going down other Savings insurance products. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Understood. So just one follow up. So in this Pension product, there's a 
slide where you've mentioned how many partners you have in the Savings, and 
in Health insurance, etcetera. So almost all of the partners are offering the 
Pension product, or it's just at nascent stage, and you're doing it with some 
partners. It's not 14 insurance partners. Is that a correct way to think? 
Management: Shreya it's pretty much everyone. I think it's over 10 already, and whoever is 
left is slowly come on board. I think everybody sees this opportunity, and I think 
we are presenting an attractive way of accessing that audience. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Alright, this is very useful, thank you, and all the best. 
Management: Thank you, Shreya. We'll take the next question from Dipanjan Ghosh, Citi. 
Dipanjan, please unmute yourself. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi! Good morning, everyone. So just few questions from my side. First, 
would it be possible to quantify the sort of sales personnel or Feet on Street 
really supporting that journey, and how that have scaled up over the past few 
quarters or years. Second on the POSP side of the business, if you can quantify 
the mix between Motor and non-Motor, and if there is a strategy to increase a 
non-Motor portion as your granularity of the franchise on the PB Partners side 
increases. Third is on the Paisa side. You have mentioned at the start of the call 
that you will be introducing mutual funds out there. When we see the broader 
space, it seems that most of the platform players are kind of converging 
towards the stage where the focus is on mass wealth advisory sort of a 

 
Page 13 of 26 
 
proposition. So would broking be on the radar for you guys. So those are my 
third questions.  
Management: Actually, Sarbvir is better placed at answering at least the first two, and then 
we will come to Paisa. So both the hybrid and the POSP. 
Management: We have about, I would say, almost 25% of our sales team present in over 200 
cities where we offer Feet on Street capability; about 30% of our business 
comes from there. Yeah, of our Health and Life; assisted business I would say. 
So I think that was on the FoS side. I think the second question was on PB 
Partners and granularity. I would just say two things on that. One is that the 
percentage of business that we are doing with smaller agents is growing, I 
would say every month and the contribution of them to the business is now 
almost 2/3rd or more of the business comes from people who are doing very 
small amounts of business every month, and that to us is the most important 
metric as we go forward. The second metric that matters is that what are other 
things that these people are doing. One of the powerful parts of a platform is 
for an agent to be able to do other things. So if they sell Motor insurance, which 
mostly people do on our platform, can they sell some Health insurance, can 
they sell some PA cover, etcetera? So I think that part of the cross-sale is also 
continuing to grow every month. Those are the two things I would say at this 
point, I mean wouldn't want to get into too much detail beyond this. 
Management: For Paisa, I'll just hand over Santosh to kind of answer the question about 
mutual funds and more on that. 
Management: On the Mutual Fund side, the industry is growing at 20% rate. There's still a lot 
of adoption coming. From a Paisa perspective, because, we have a very young 
customer and that customer needs both saving solutions and credit solutions. 
So, having both on one platform makes the platform far richer from an 
engagement perspective, solutioning perspective, and also that when these 
customers come to our platform we already know how much do they save. We 
already have a PFM product called PB Money. So we did have access to what 
was the money lying in the bank account. All we are doing is educating people 
- Why do you want to keep money growing at 2.5%-3% when you can invest in 
equity, especially when you're young and take benefits of the country that we 
are in and make money, at least 12-15% CAGR is something that this industry 
can generate for you. It is an extremely consumer centric product. Just with 
bonds being launched a month back, we are already a ₹1 Cr AUM without any 
marketing spend. I think that also raises the confidence that there is customer 

 
Page 14 of 26 
 
who's wanting to look at good saving solutions, and I think Paisa should be that 
platform. 
Management: See, I think it's very, very early days. Paisa right now has dual challenge as I see 
it. One is they have a current quality of operations and a current quality of 
business which they are transforming very rapidly. And second is, there is a 
future platform that's being built. I would encourage some of you to spend time 
on the PB Money part of Paisabazaar. It's in early stages. But you see account 
aggregator platforms have really levelled the playing field in terms of what you 
can offer to consumers from access to their own banking data and access to 
their own investing data perspective. And to some extent Paisa is leveraging 
that to build up a platform with its own consumer base without further 
marketing. But, as I said, early days, I think this is going in many ways – 
Corporate Bonds, Deposits, Mutual funds, there could be some Pension 
element here, the various pieces coming along. At this point. Not a major 
revenue driver, the big revenue driver continues to be Lending.  I'll just share 
one thing. Businesses have financials and businesses have the soft part of it, 
not the soft part of it, I call it the harder part of it. As I interact with Paisa's 
partners and now I've been interacting with quite a few. What I hear across the 
board is that your focus on quality of book has changed. They feel far more 
comfortable with us as we distribute for them into the future. And that is the 
soft change one is seeing. Also from a platforms perspective, what you're 
seeing is a lot of the back-end platforms that Policybazaar had built which have 
a lot of integrated capability in them, are somewhere being leveraged by 
Paisabazaar now because the Paisabazaar platforms were not of the same 
quality in terms overall ability. Policybazaar is perhaps one of the world's best 
sales platforms, whereas Paisabazaar was an early stage in that. A lot of 
changes are happening in the background which should make good sense. But 
on this part, very early days, so I wouldn't account for too much in terms of 
what's going to happen in mutual funds or investment products. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Yeah, just one small follow up to Sarbvir. You mentioned 25% of your 
sales team is deployed in these 200+ cities. What would this similar number 
would have been, let's say, last year? 
Management: It's been growing. 
Management: Maybe even 20%, maybe I don't know. See now, it is not growing at a very 
dramatic pace anymore. I think what is happening is it's deepening a lot more. 
So which city, what kind of people, what mechanism. So in some cities the call 
centre person is taking calls and also doing physical meetings. In some cities, 

 
Page 15 of 26 
 
we would have dedicated people who are only doing Feet on Street who get 
appointments. So it is a mixed model. What you can see is, it seems to have 
settled. On the assisted businesses, about 30% of our business is seems to be 
coming from physical meetings. This might grow a bit, I would say, if you look 
3-4 years out, maybe it's 50%. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thank you everyone and all the best. 
Management: Thank you, Dipanjan. We'll take the next question from Nischint, Kotak. 
Nischint, please unmute yourself. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Yeah. Hi, hope I'm audible. 
Management: Yes, you are audible. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Thanks, just two questions. One is, what was the receivable figure as on 
June. I know you don't share the entire balance sheet, but if you could just 
share this number. 
Management: Rasleen can provide that to you. But I'm trying to understand the question 
behind the question. So look there is going to be till September, a little bit of 
drag on cash flow from normal course. That is because the collection is on 1/n 
basis. This is a cycle that's playing out since last September; it will play out till 
September this year. The other point is, of course, our Health is growing very 
rapidly, and that is where this 1/n has some impact. But at our scale, it's not 
material enough. It's just being digested in the flow, is what I would say, but 
Rasleen can share the exact numbers. 
Nischint Chawathe 
 Sure, the other one was on tax rate. If you could guide, your tax rate is, 
I think, closer to 7-8%. So what sort of a tax rate would be for this year, and the 
next year. If you would give some guidance on that. 
Management: Yeah, Mandeep has got an opportunity to speak here.  
Management: Hi Nischint. So our tax is, primarily, if you track Policybazaar, you will notice that 
we have accumulated losses, the carry forward losses benefit which is available 
to us right now. And whatever tax we are paying is largely on our investment 
income which we drive from investing our surplus funds. So otherwise, there's 
no special tax rate to us. This is normal nominal rate of tax which is applicable 
to all businesses. It's just a combination of business profits, other income and 
carry forward losses.  
Management: But yeah, some where about 8-10% is, I think, the right number to assume for 
the next 18 months or so. 

 
Page 16 of 26 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And the profitability guidance that you have shared in the past, that 
assumes 8-10% tax? 
Management: Have you seen ever heard us change our long-term guidance? 
Nischint Chawathe: 
No. 
Management: That's it. If we haven't changed now, it is so close to that. Why would we change 
it? 
Nischint Chawathe: 
No, I'm not saying change. 
Management: It stays exactly the way it is. Nothing ever changes. Please appreciate we don't 
give short term guidance. We usually give these 4 years or 5 years out. Let me 
give an example. Right now, we're saying we want to do ₹1 Lakh Cr of insurance 
premium in 2030. What if we do 95? Is that bad? Not really. If we do 105, if you 
do 110. Is that great? It's okay. The point is: we observe, we should be there, 
we put out a goal which is sort of feels good to everybody and we should be 
about there. Yeah, it's okay. I think then we feel confident that should be fine. 
There will be no challenge there. Now, if people in their own mind assume it's 
going to be much more than that and much less than that, that's their minds 
working. That's not us saying anything. I want to point out one thing, and in 
this you will face challenges. Like just to give you the operational part of it. 
Paisabazaar, in the year 2024 had a ₹64 Cr profit. They may barely hit ₹64 Cr in 
2027. Now, when I put that out, obviously, I thought in my back pocket I had 
₹200 Cr of profit from Paisabazaar. Because if it's gone from now, maybe the 
quality of that wasn't as strong, and that is why we are facing a challenge. But 
these things will happen, and we have always factored in sufficiently when we 
give our long-term guidance, for a few hits here and there. What I take heart 
from is not that gap on the Paisabazaar, what I take heart from is the quality of 
business is actually improving and now we have control over that quality of 
business. But I'm just trying to explain to you how, when you're managing stuff, 
some things will go wrong, and you have to always factor for that in and still 
achieve your plans. So, your plans will always have a bit of buffer. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. Got it, fair enough. Thank you very much, and all the best. 
Management: And please appreciate. You know our Health growth is not helping our short-
term profitability. But that doesn't mean we don't do it. It will be almost 
Harakiri to not do our fresh Health growth. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
That's true. That's true. 

 
Page 17 of 26 
 
Management: Yeah, thank you Nischint. We will take the next question from Nidhesh Jain, 
Investec. Nidesh, please unmute yourself. 
Nidhesh Jain: Thanks, Rasleen. I have two questions. First question is on trends on the Health 
insurance renewal take rates because we believe that as the vintage of the 
portfolio increases, the economics for that portfolio, for Health insurance 
companies deteriorates. So how do you think about the trends over longer 
term on the Health insurance renewal take rates. 
Management: Nidesh I will defer to Sarbvir for a more medium-term answer. I'll explain to you 
in the long term. In the long term, we are responsible for our business, 
whatever we say, whether we believe it, whether we don't believe it. At our 
scale, we will never be able to pass on even 1% loss to anybody, and that is not 
a reason why anybody should work with us. Our objective is to make sure we 
have a sustainable, profitable industry, and we want to work with all our 
partners in making sure that our business stays profitable in the long run and 
we will never shirk away from being partners with them and taking on that 
responsibility. What we also expect in the long run is that as we do that, we 
also have more and more control over our destiny in the sense if it is our 
customers, and we are in some way responsible for bringing down their claims 
ratios, then we should also be part of that; in making sure that we help in that, 
and we work in that direction. I think eventually the industry is getting more 
and more real. So, as I said, whenever the industry gets real that actually 
benefits us. I'll hand over to Sarbvir, because he's the one who's kind of dealing 
with the situation on a regular basis.  
Management: Nidesh, I, 100% agree with whatever Yashish said. There's always tempting to 
make predictions for this year, next year, and all that but the truth of the matter 
is that at this point we have a favourable fresh to renewals ratio. Quality of our 
book is better than, I would say, average. We are actively managing the book, 
whether in the short run, in terms of disclosure, in terms of looking at different 
cohorts; how to manage that with our partners. The final thing I would say is 
that all that we are doing on the PB Health side, in a way, is going in that 
direction, that where we are saying that the industry will go more and more 
towards preferred networks, work more with providers who are providing a 
more efficient outcome both from a consumer perspective as well as from an 
economic perspective. I think over a period of time, we are part of the change 
that the industry is going towards, and the direction that the industry is going, 
and I think in that scenario we will get our fair share of what is what is due to 
us, and I don't, particularly at this point see that being a huge challenge. Having 
said that, if we don't act and we don't move in the direction that we ought to. 

 
Page 18 of 26 
 
Then definitely, what you're saying is right, that there will be pressure on 
everything. I think that's how we look at it. It's a dynamic thing versus a static 
view of the world, and I we are moving directionally to solve these problems. 
Nidhesh Jain: Sure. Can you also comment on the near-term trends that we have seen in the 
renewal take rates? Are they steady? 
Management: At this point we have not seen any change. 
Nidhesh Jain: Sure and second question is on Credit business - EBITDA margin and 
Contribution margin for Q1, if you can share that. 
Management: On the credit business, Santosh? Okay, let me try and do that. Rasleen, do you 
want to just say it? 
Management: From contribution perspective, it will be closer to 30%; on adjusted EBITDA 
margin basis, it will be -20%. 
Management: I think till about July, August last year, we benefited because of very high 
approval rates in the industry. Today we are on the opposite side of that. We 
have bottomed out clearly. We are on a month on month growth course. 
However, this is an issue you will see somewhere with our Savings business and 
with our Credit business. We are being benchmarked with our high marks. Our 
high marks were last year, August, September, and of course those were great 
positions. But we've been now benchmarked against that, and that's fine. I'm 
sure next year we'd be benchmarked against these lows, if anything, these may 
or may not be lows, so I think we are good to take that, and we'll move in that 
direction. As I said on the Saving side, the great news is Pensions, Child plans 
becoming much bigger part of the of the channel. On the credit side, the big 
advantages we are now becoming very good quality partners with our 
suppliers. I'm increasingly hearing from our suppliers that listen on your old 
book, I want to pay less, but in a new book maybe we can pay a little more, and 
that's a great sign, because that implies they are more comfortable with the 
quality. Of course, it's early days, but the focus is much deeper in terms of 
getting data pieces together, etc. But yes, there’s stress right now. 
Nidhesh Jain: Sure and just one more clarification on the PB Money. So the mutual fund that 
we will be originating, is it a fee earning mutual fund, or its direct plans? 
Management: Its fee earning. 
Nidhesh Jain: Okay, thank you. That's it from my side. Thank you. 

 
Page 19 of 26 
 
Management: Thank you Nidesh. We'll take the next question from Sachin Dixit, JM Financial. 
Sachin, please unmute yourself. 
Sachin Dixit: Hi Yashish and team I had couple of questions. I know some of the question, at 
least the first one has been answered in some way or the other. My question 
on this is on the contribution margin side for core business, we have seen a YoY 
dip. Obviously, there are factors which you highlighted that you have been 
investing in things. Can you give us some drivers or some pointers on to what 
is driving this dip, because at least on YoY basis, renewal income should have 
come from last year, and also there should have been slightly upward trajectory 
is what we are anticipating. 
Management: In a very simple terms our renewal business has grown but equal amount is our 
fresh Health business and our fresh Health business has grown faster. Our fresh 
Health business on a 1-year EBITDA basis probably operates at -20%. Our 
renewal business probably operates 75-80%. So obviously, there's a trend 
upwards, and this trend downwards. Clearly, that is the reality. It is just that the 
trend which is coming from fresh Health growth. The second part is Credit. 
Sorry if you're looking at the core business because I was talking about just the 
insurance part. But if you're looking at the credit business, I think the insurance 
part is stable. I think it's at 43%. It's the credit business which is on the on the 
negative and that is what has caused the problem. The credit business has lost 
about 15% on the contribution margin. 
Sachin Dixit: Fair enough. My second question is on basically slightly higher level. In the 
presentations you have highlighted how the penetration of Life and Non-Life 
insurance is happening. And what we see is that the penetration has now 
dipped back to FY18 odd levels. I mean Obviously PB has done quite a lot, has 
grown quite well during the same time period. What do you think is actually 
plaguing the Indian Insurance sector like how do we recover out of this? How 
do we actually play the insurance story in the long term? 
Management: Yeah, I think we can only speak for ourselves. And I would say, we are part of 
the solution. The solution is complex. It's never a straightforward solution. In 
India, it always looks like it's very straightforward. The moment you get into the 
400 million Indians who are in that zone of earning under ₹1 lakh a year but 
they are the middle class, and they are the aspirational class; they want their 
children to do much better than themselves, so they invest in child education; 
they want to make sure that they have health coverage. All those things. The 
moment you speak about that segment. It is not a simple solution, because on 
one side they are seeing price hikes; on another side, they are seeing stress on 

 
Page 20 of 26 
 
claims. It's all been in the news. There's nothing I need to say there. That's the 
reality of the situation and they are looking for solutions, and that is where I 
believe exactly what Sarbvir said, that somewhere Policybazaar is coming out 
as their hand holder who can help at the point of claims, who can help at the 
point of issuance, who can give them the right guidance, who also keeps them 
on the right path in terms of disclosures and overall is part of the solution, and 
as that grows, the industry doesn't have a lack of opportunity. Our solutions 
may have had challenges with circumspectness, with covering all the different 
angles. As we start to cover all the different angles, and a solution does appear, 
I don't think that has a challenge in terms of growth. So somewhere, you're 
going to see a big transformation towards a more viable, more growing, more 
stable industry. We were discussing, in 10 years, our nominal GDP for the 
country is triple. There is no reason why insurance should not have been, 6x or 
10x, given the under-penetration levels. And I think that's absolutely 
achievable as long as the right solution gets created in a very circumspect 
manner. That's a challenge. It's not an easy, trivial problem to solve. 
Management: One other thing Sachin, just think about insurance as a product. Eventually, 
you're getting into a contract where both sides have to be truthful. And if the 
disclosures are not up to the level it's required, that impacts the whole claim 
experience as well. So, it's a very tough situation for the industry, you're right. 
People need to get this product early on in their career, in their journey but 
somewhere they think of the product very, very near to the actual claim 
incidents, and that obviously doesn't help anyone. So it will be more about 
education, it will take time. We do what we do, as Yashish said, I mean in terms 
of creating awareness, in terms of fraud control, in terms of higher disclosures, 
now trying to help customer with that claim for last couple of years; trying to 
look at the network hospital; everything. We are still a very small part of the 
total industry, so, we can do what we can do. 
Sachin Dixit: Sure. Thanks, Alok. Just my final question on the healthcare foray side. We have 
not heard much, so any update will be helpful. Thank you, and all the best. 
Management: The work is going on, in terms of both creating the whole healthcare service 
layer, which includes hospitals as a physical part and a lot of other stuff from 
the tech solutioning, from the digital GP layer, from creating a lot of solutions 
which can keep patients outside the hospital. It's a slow build in that sense. It 
will take us another few quarters to get everything in place and that's when 
the real impact starts to come in. See, the way to think about any of these stuff 
that we do, whether it's PB Health or Garage network, or a lot of stuff that you 
heard about in the credit space that we are trying to do today is not to do 

 
Page 21 of 26 
 
immediately something which is going to impact in next quarter or two 
quarters. It's planning for next few years of how we see industry shaping up, 
and we need to be ready when that opportunity appears. So this will take time, 
I think in about a year time, you'll start to see some impact. You'll have to give 
us almost a year from now.  
Management: And Sachin, just to kind of answer that question. We already have a consumer 
base. What should we be doing with our consumer base. People who are not 
very well, we should start working with them and trying to make sure they take 
the right steps to stay out of hospital. We should start to guide our people at 
the point of renewals towards narrow networks. We should start to guide our 
people/our consumers towards using hospitals appropriately in terms of 
different care pathways, at home care, day care, secondary care, tertiary care. 
I think you will see us acting on all those steps, which apps are absolutely 
integrated into making health insurance more viable for the same consumers, 
and giving them a great walk-in/walk-out experience. Now please do 
appreciate whatever I said all of that does not necessarily require us to be in 
the physical infrastructure. So, you will see the whole thing playing out. There 
are a lot of actions that will happen even before the physical infrastructure 
comes into place. And I think, as you see the next few quarters, you will hear a 
lot more action happening from our side on that front along with our partners. 
I think we, as an industry, need to work together in solving this problem. 
Sachin Dixit: Got it, and all the best. 
Management: Thank you, Sachin. We'll take the next question from Madhukar Ladha, 
Nuvama. Madhukar, please unmute yourself. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, morning. Thank you for taking my question. So first if I calculate the 
core insurance renewal take rate. I'm not seeing any improvement over there. 
I would have expected some improvement over there, given that over the years 
we've been selling more Health. So, what exactly is causing this drag. Second, 
if I look at the indirect costs of the new initiatives, that have grown pretty 
sharply in this quarter. So, my calculation suggests that's grown about 41% YoY. 
I wanted to get a sense of what is driving this and on a continuing level, what 
should that sort of number be? Third Health business is growing really well for 
us and we're saying that new business Health growth is at 65% YoY. I wanted to 
get a sense of what is the porting business over here and how much of the 
porting is from within our customer base opting for a new sort of insurer? How 
much of the porting is from outside our customer base who are coming to us? 
Those would be my three questions. 

 
Page 22 of 26 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
I have some data keeping questions also, which I'll go later. 
Management: On the renewal take rate. FY24, we were at 6.5%; FY25, we were at 6.7%; now, 
we're at 6.9%. These are not going to change dramatically, but they are sort of 
on the way up, if anything, and that is reflective of the fact that Health is 
becoming a larger part of the renewal base. In APE terms, it remains pretty 
stable, because our renewal rates of Life are also very high. And what happens 
is that Health, the vintage renewal take rates are obviously lower than the first-
year renewal take rate. So actually, there are lots of puts and takes Madhukar. 
I think you're going to a level of detail which is hard to model from the outside. 
So that's the only reason, otherwise as Yashish said, they have inched upwards 
over the years. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Over the years, yeah, that's right. But I was just looking at it on a YoY 
basis like Q1 to Q1. But I get your point. 
Management: I would encourage you to look at these things on a rolling 12-month or a year 
over year basis. It's very hard to model months. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood, understood. Got it. 
Management: I think both the indirect costs on new initiatives as well as the port questions I 
would defer to Sarbvir. But on the port, I would essentially say, we are part of 
the solution, we're not part of the problem, but I'll kind of leave you there.  
Management: First of all, for our own base, we don't port. We do not encourage customers 
to renew with another insurer. That's why, if you see the same insurer renewal 
rates in Health are extremely high. We do not do any kind of porting at that 
level. Number two on the fresh business, I can give you an exact number: 82% 
of the business that we did was from “New-to-Insurance” customers. They may 
have had a corporate policy, but they did not have a retail health insurance 
policy. I think that should give you a sense and this number, actually, if anything 
has grown. We have less porting now externally, than we had last year. 
Management: Madhukar, we are the beautiful solution. We're not the problem is all I would 
say. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Thanks for that. On the indirect costs on the New initiatives? 
Management: I would say Madhukar, we are very acutely conscious that, especially in the 
PoSP business, it is a business where costs have to be controlled. Yashish 
explained, very well upfront, that it's a fixed business. You'll have to cut the 
cloth to what you have. I think over a period of time all other costs will be 
controlled, and will come down in any given quarter, it may have been up or 

 
Page 23 of 26 
 
down, depending on some investment in people, some investment that we 
may be doing towards something. It's nothing more than that. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Alright and just some data keeping questions. Can you give us the 
renewal premium breakup of POSP, UAE and Corporate? 
Management: Yeah, sure. POSP would be about ₹180 Cr. UAE would be about ₹111 Cr and 
Corporate is a huge ₹292 Cr. That's the beautiful part about the Corporate 
business, and I think that's where I'm taking a lot of heart over the years. Our 
renewal rates are very strong. So ₹292 Cr of renewal. Just to kind of put this in 
perspective, if you look at our total business last year, same quarter, from 
Corporate is ₹272 Cr and we've done ₹292 Cr of renewals. So, if anything, our 
premium from the ₹272 has grown, which is a signal of how the Corporate 
business kind of is edging and it's largely built on renewals. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Right. Great. Thanks for this and all the best. 
Management: Thank you, Madhukar. We'll take the last question from Prayesh, Motilal. 
Prayesh, please unmute yourself. 
Prayesh Jain: Hi. Firstly, on this Healthcare part where you mentioned that things are on 
progress. But more importantly, from an insurance point of view. All the 
partners of yours would be working along with you on this or how would this 
kind of pan out or you will need a special duration with the insurance company 
for product or would all your existing customers would get that option? How 
will kind of this thing move? 
Management: Prayesh, what is our responsibility as an industry. Forget Policybazaar, forget 
insurers. We have a certain base of customers. Policybazaar has a base of 
customers and there's a base of customers in the industry. Our job is to make 
sure these customers have trust. They have paid with their trust, and they've 
laid their trust in the insurance industry. That look at the point of claim, I should 
have a great experience. Not a great experience. Sorry, wrong word. I shouldn't 
have a poor experience at the point of claim. Now for that two things need to 
happen. Number one the incidence rate needs to go down. Now, the incidence 
rate is a factor of two things. One is people, maybe not taking care of their 
health, and I would give that or not doing the right things to kind of stay out of 
hospital. But the second is, in a fee-for-service model, there is an incentive 
towards over-utilization. I think the whole industry is coming together in 
working at this, some through narrow networks. If you look at countries like 
South Africa, this is the primary business they do, and that is why people like 
MMA, Discovery, even Bupa does a lot of this globally. What they would do is 

 
Page 24 of 26 
 
with their cohort of customers, they would work towards improving the 
lifestyle of these people, so they stay out of hospitals. In case they do need to 
get go to hospital, they break them down into care pathways, and they say, 
listen, if you have malaria, you don't really need to be in a hospital, the chances 
are you will probably catch a bug in the hospital which would be more serious 
for you. Maybe at-home care is much better, and so you need to invest in that. 
And for that there is infrastructure that needs to be built. Maybe there are day-
care centers. So if you need an operation, a bulk of those should happen at day-
care centers so that people can come and go back. Today, a 24hr insurance 
thing is there, that look, if you're not hospitalized 24 hr, pre-hospitalization, 
post-hospitalization, the coverage rates could be challenging. So the industry 
has to go through a transformation. To the specific question, of course, every 
partner in the industry is doing this. There is no doubt the entire industry is 
moving towards a narrower network, towards a more managed care approach. 
We cannot have as an industry, a conflict of interest with our suppliers. Our 
suppliers currently have a conflict of interest. They make more money, when 
we lose money. Essentially as an industry, whenever we lose money, our 
partners make more money. So that imbalance can somewhere only be 
corrected if you have some active role in that, and you'll have an active role if 
you're adding value to your customers. So yes, that's the journey we are on, 
and every partner is with us in this. There is no doubt about it.  We are with 
our partners in this. Like it's not just us. It's the whole industry. 
Prayesh Jain: The other question was on the mutual fund piece of the business. You 
mentioned that it's going to be a commission led model, not the direct one. 
First of all, is this a second attempt at mutual funds, if I recollect well? 
Paisabazaar earlier also had some mutual fund business and is this new avatar, 
or what is it? And second you have so much competition on the direct side with 
these discount brokers, giving all the tools for investing as well as advising. So 
what is the right to win that you would have to kind of grow this business? 
Management: Right to win comes from execution. Nobody's born with the right to win, 
neither are we born with the right to win. Yes, we have some ins into the 
consumer. And yes, we had a previous attempt at this about 5-6 years ago. By 
the way, that did not do badly. That did quite well, but there was internal 
conflict between management, because of which that group left, and that 
group set up a separate business. In fact, truth be told, I'm a small investor in 
that business. Very few things I invest in, but I'm a very small investor in that 
business. I don't believe they're doing a bad job. They're doing a great job 
actually. Now, Santosh believes in this, and I also believe in this. That through 

 
Page 25 of 26 
 
the PB money app that we have, we can get consumers, and our attempt is to 
give an array of offers, which goes from corporate bonds to bonds, to mutual 
funds, to some of the insurance products, and, yes, mutual funds also. But that 
said, it is very, very early days for us to comment on whether we will be 
successful, what is our right to win. Unless Santosh, you have a different answer 
on this.  
Management: No, absolutely, I think the fact that Mutual Fund is a large part of household 
savings for the country today. I think that gives lot of confidence that we should 
be in this area and PB Money is now far more mature as a business to be able 
to talk about savings as a holistic solution, and I think mutual fund sits very well 
as part of that solution. And over time, we'll have an answer of right to win. I 
don't think we have that answer very clear upfront today, but there's a play for 
another partner, and if we execute well, this will definitely be a business to win. 
Management: Yesterday, Alok and I were also discussing this. As I look out into the medium 
to long term, I actually see Paisabazaar now in a position where it will become 
a very, very strong player. I have a lot of confidence. I, at a fundamental level, 
and again, this is something I was discussing with Alok. Businesses don't 
succeed or fail because they are great businesses, they succeed or fail because 
the people are very aligned to building them for the long term, and those 
people are of great quality. And I feel more confident than ever that we have 
that alignment and we have that team now, which is moving in absolutely the 
right direction. Rest, I could be proven wrong here, but I think that's our bet 
here, and let's see, how we fare on it. It's very early days right now. 
We are in dumps right now, as far as Paisabazaar is concerned. We couldn't be 
in a worse position from a financials perspective, but we couldn't be in a better 
position from a team perspective. Rasleen's saying, time out. 
Prayesh Jain: Just last one small question, Rasleen. Allow me for that. On the loan part, for 
the core online business, where do you see it bottoming out and when do you 
expect it to kind of start picking up momentum again? 
Management:  I think Q3 is when we see things really turning. I think the first two quarters 
we are taking this time to build our back-end operations, build product 
maturity, do a lot of integrations where we have a lot of digital solutions and 
not do lending in the traditional way. I think we're building a beautiful solution 
where for every consumer who comes to our platform, what is the best chance 
of approval. A customer has to get a loan and at the best possible rate, we are 
building that solution. I think Q3, all of this should come together, and we 
should see healthy growth resuming from Q3. 

 
Page 26 of 26 
 
Prayesh Jain: Great. Thank you so much, and all the best. 
Management: Thank you Prayesh. 
Management: Thank you everyone for joining. For any residual questions, please reach out to 
us on investor.relations@pbfintech.in. Have a good day. 
Management: Thank you guys. Thank you very much everyone. 
