 
 
 
 
Branch Oﬃce: 
 
Indiana House, B Wing, 6th Floor, Makwana Road, Marol, 
Andheri (East), Mumbai-400059. 
 
42-43, Shiv shakƟ Industrial Estate, Oﬀ Andheri Kurla Road, 
Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai- 400059. 
Jyothy Labs Limited
CIN: L24240MH1992PLC128651 
‘Ujala House’, Ramkrishna Mandir Road, 
Kondivita, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059. 
Tel: +91 022-6689 2800 | Fax: +91 022-6689 2805 
info@jyothy.com | www.jyothylabs.com 
 
 
August 14, 2025 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited                                                               
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,           
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 023 
BSE Code: 532926 
                            
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: JYOTHYLAB 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Para A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, transcript of the earnings conference call held on 
Tuesday, August 12, 2025 for analyst/ investors to discuss the Un-audited Financial Results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2025 and the way forward, is enclosed. 
Further, the aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.jyothylabs.com. 
Kindly take the above on your record and disseminate the same for the informaƟon of investors. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
 
Shreyas Trivedi  
Head – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
SHREYAS 
PARAG TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
SHREYAS PARAG TRIVEDI 
Date: 2025.08.14 17:30:38 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Jyothy Labs Limited Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. M. R. JYOTHY - CHAIRPERSON & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, JYOTHY LABS LIMITED 
MR. PAWAN AGARWAL - CFO & EVP, JYOTHY LABS 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON FROM ICICI SECURITIES LTD.  

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Jyothy Labs Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by ICICI Securities Ltd. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities Ltd. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, everyone. It's a wonderful good evening from the I-Sec team. It's our absolute pleasure once 
again to host the management of Jyothy Labs Ltd. for the Results Conference Call. 
The Company is today represented by Ms. M. R. Jyothy – Chairperson & Managing Director, 
and Mr. Pawan Agarwal – CFO & EVP. 
Over to the management for the opening remarks post which will open the floor for Q&A. Thank 
you. Over to you, ma'am. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Thanks, Manoj. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Jyothy Labs Ltd. 
Q1 FY'26 earnings call. Our Financial Results and Investor Presentations have been uploaded to 
our website and to the Stock Exchanges. I trust you have had the opportunity to review them. 
The broader operating environment in Q1 remained mixed with lingering inflationary pressures 
and fragile urban sentiment. Consumers, particularly in urban centers, continue to either down 
trade or defer non-essential purchases. These behavioral shifts have been a recurring theme 
across the sector over the past 5-6 quarters. However, we believe we are now at the cusp of a 
gradual broad-based recovery. The Indian Meteorological Department's forecast of an above-
normal monsoon is encouraging. A favorable monsoon not only augurs well for rural demand 
but also plays a vital role in stabilizing food inflation. It is one of the key levers that could revive 
household spending in the coming quarters. Recent fiscal measures announced by the 
government such as income tax relief and targeted rural welfare schemes combined with the 
RBI's calibrated interest rate cuts are already beginning to reflect in consumer sentiment. If these 
tailwinds sustain, we expect the demand environment to firm up meaningfully, especially from 
Q3 onwards. While global uncertainties, particularly the geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, 
have triggered raw material supply disruptions and increased cost volatility, the overall trend 
points towards improving stability. 
Crude oil prices have softened, although derivative costs such as LAB, SLES, PFAD and 
PKFAD are yet to correct proportionately due to lag effects and processing costs. These should 
ease gradually as the supply chain normalizes. Channel dynamics continue to evolve. Rural 
markets once again outperformed urban areas, demonstrating inherent resilience. General trade 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
faced volume pressures, while modern trade, including e-commerce and quick commerce, 
sustained double-digit growth. That said, the rise of quick commerce must be viewed with 
nuance. While its share in the overall mix is expanding, it largely substitutes traditional outlets 
rather than contributing to incremental consumption. Pricing remains the primary differentiator 
on these platforms due to similar user experiences. Encouraging early signs of urban demand 
recovery have started to emerge, especially from July onwards. However, we need to wait and 
watch the demand scenario, especially in coming months and quarters. 
Now, let's look at the performance of our various categories: 
In Fabric care, both Main Wash and Post Wash segments delivered a satisfactory performance, 
clocking mid-single-digit volume growth. Our liquid detergent range continues to stand out. It 
more than doubled its growth versus the same period last year and delivered strong sequential 
double-digit value growth. With brands like More Light, Henko, Henko Matic, Ujala and Mr. 
White catering to varied consumer needs, this category remains a strong pillar of our growth. 
That said, it must be noted that competitive intensity in this space is on the rise. We are actively 
monitoring the pricing environment and are taking calibrated steps to preserve our value 
proposition. Detergent powders and bars also perform steadily. We are pleased with the early 
market response to our fabric conditioner Ujala Young and Fresh, which is gaining traction in 
select markets. During the quarter, we successfully launched a TV commercial in select markets 
featuring actress Keerthy Suresh endorsing the product. 
The Dish wash segment faced intensive competitive activity, particularly in terms of grammage 
offers. This impacted value growth despite healthy volumes. Pril liquid posted double-digit 
volume growth and Exo bars grew in high single-digit. These numbers are a testament to brand 
strength and continued consumer preference. While year-on-year numbers were flat in the 
personal care segment, sequential growth gives us confidence. Jovia, our new beauty soap, is 
gaining market acceptance and our intensified efforts behind Margo brand are already showing 
encouraging signs through enhanced visibility and consumer recall. 
The household insecticide segment remains a work in progress. While near-term growth may 
remain muted, we are focused on improving profitability and scaling up the liquid vaporizer 
category and recent launched NPDs like aerosols and packets. Our medium-term goal remains 
clear to significantly reduce losses and turn around this category in a capital-efficient manner. 
Now, I will talk about the financial performance of the Company: 
Revenue from operations for Q1 stood at Rs. 751 crore, reflecting 1.4% value growth and 3.6% 
volume growth year-on-year. The value-volume gap was primarily driven by higher grammage 
and promotional price-offs in select categories. Gross margin was at 48%, down 330 bps year-
on-year due to input cost pressures and increased competitive intensity in Dish wash. We 
implemented calibrated price increases in some of the product categories to partially offset these 
pressures. Advertisement and promotion spend stood at 7.8% in Q1, moderated slightly to reflect 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
the prevailing market context. However, our commitment to long-term brand investment 
remains intact, as evident from our annual brand spends. Despite elevated input cost and volume 
pressures, we maintained our EBITDA margin at 16.5% in line with our guidance. Operating 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 124 crore and PAT at Rs 97 crore. We approached second half of FY 2026 
with cautious optimism. While the near-term headwinds, especially in the urban markets, persist, 
we believe the tide is slowly turning. A combination of a good monsoon, easing inflation, 
supportive government policies, and improving consumer sentiment lays the foundation for 
stronger performance in H2. We expect Q3 and Q4 to show meaningful improvements supported 
by recovery in urban discretionary spending momentum in the festive season, increasing traction 
from our new product launches and ongoing gains in cost efficiency and distribution expansion. 
We remain focused on innovation, category development, scaling up new launches, digital 
execution, and sharpening our go-to-market strategy. We are committed to delivering profitable, 
sustainable, and capital-efficient growth. Our strategy has been consistent, balancing agility with 
discipline while being acutely consumer-centric. 
Before I close, I want to thank all our stakeholders, customers, shareholders, employees, and 
partners for their trust and continued support. We look forward to building on this foundation 
and delivering superior value in the quarters ahead. 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks and look forward to your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sonal from Prescient Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Hi, this is Sonal Minhas. My question is with regard to the household insecticide segment. I'm 
sure we have some discussions at the management level as to how much bleed we can sustain as 
a team, as a Company, beyond which we decide to sell this business off or carve this out. Any 
guidance for investors, shareholders? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So, we have indicated in the past that we are actively working towards turning around this 
category, household insecticides, and we have taken certain measures. And there are a few which 
are in pipeline. We have launched new products also, aerosol and racquets in the previous 
quarter, and we have taken some price increases in coils. So, there's a lot of action which is 
happening in order to improve the performance of this category. We have also indicated in the 
past that we are hopeful that in next year FY'27, we will be able to turn around this category and 
necessary steps are being taken in that direction. So, as of now, there is no intention to sell or 
divest this particular line of business of the Company. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it. And so, FY'27 should we consider is like the year where we decide that this is going in 
the right direction or it's not going in the right direction? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
The progressive steps that we are taking, the results should be visible slowly and gradually. And 
by second half of the next financial year is what we are aiming to turn this category profitable. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it. My second question is in regard to the softness and demand in the urban side, wanted to 
understand from more like what you've seen this demand, is this something which was earlier 
fueled by credit or was something which was largely driven by, let's say, some segment of 
population which consumed a lot earlier and did not. And hence, there is a kind of a delay in the 
next set of demand that is coming. Because the products we have here, the Fabric care, Dish 
washing, these are readily consumable. I think I understand they are trading on volume. But 
what was the issue in terms of this growing very fast last year? Was there some stocking in the 
channel, which is getting released now in this year and hence we've seen demand come back? 
Or this is linked to credit on the online channels, people bought on credit. Just trying to get a 
sense of this? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So, Sonal, largely this softness in demand, when we say it is moving from traditional trade to 
modern trade and your e-commerce and largely e-commerce and your quick commerce gaining 
bigger traction, which we are also seeing internally in the Company. We are growing at double 
digits there. But not all of it is getting converted. Basically, ideally, it should have been that all 
of it, which is your general trade and modern trade, all of them grow. And this should be ideally 
a top-up. But consumers are seeking convenience and more and more we see traditional outlets 
lose out on business or are not able to generate that kind of sales, some of them even closing 
down. So, that's the kind of thing when we are saying more urban thing where these quick 
commerce and e-commerce exist. That's where we are seeing that shift. While for us, rural seems 
to be okay. So, this is what we are seeing. There's nothing in relation to credit or anything of that 
sort. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it. So, is there a need for repackaging, rebranding on these modern channels? Because the 
consumer is looking at a different product or different grammage or different packaging price 
point altogether? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. So, all that is happening while we are talking. So, hence, when we say that most of the 
business that is affected is only the general trade. Our modern trade, e-commerce, all of that are 
growing in higher double digits. 
Sonal Minhas: 
As you mentioned, yes. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes, so there the consumers where we are packaging it, the SKUs, the pricing, all of it is being 
taken care of, investment, all of that is being taken care of. If the traditional channels, which 
obviously, if as a consumer, especially in metros, where time is also a thing, time, traffic, all of 
that, also money. So, an e-commerce and the quick commerce is there to satisfy all of that. That's 
where the traditional outlet seems to lose. So, that's the shift we are seeing in terms of channels. 
And that may stay for some time. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it. I'll fall back in the queue. Thanks for answering my questions. Thank you. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, team. Just a few clarifications if I may. One, any more, let's say, qualitative or quantitative 
color you could give on, let's say, Jovia? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
See, I can only say qualitatively, Manoj, that as of now, we are seeing some repeats happening 
and it being received fairly well. Numbers, we won't be able to say. It is overall covered in the 
thing. But yes, it's a very small start, but a good start. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood. So, can I just, let's say, if I may, is it in line with your expectations, exceeded, 
underwhelmed? How do you look at it? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
I would say it is in line, neither exceeded nor bad. So, it's fairly okay from the current demand 
perspective. And we are taking it slow and steady. 
Manoj Menon: 
Okay, understood, and good luck. Secondly, when I look at the overall volume growth of 3.6% 
and also let's say, the segment growth, the revenue growth rather, just trying to link both and 
trying to understand which are the categories we should have driven the volume growth, let's 
say, which are the categories that have grown, let's say, far higher than the overall? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So, if you look at, Manoj, volume growth in Dish wash category has been quite impressive. In 
bars, we have high single digit, in liquid, we have double digit, in mid-teens. So, there, the 
volume growth has been pretty decent. In Fabric care also Main Wash and Post Wash both have 
done reasonably well in the mid-single digit. In Personal Care, we are taking price increases as 
we had indicated in the earlier call, but there we had some stress on the volume. And HI, of 
course, the coil is having pressure on the volume side. So, that's the broad construct. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood. In Personal Wash or in soaps actually, the problem situation identification which I 
have heard from HUL and Godrej, it actually has been that it is largely limited to the Rs. 10 price 
point granmage reduction, which is resulting in an overall volume decline. Would that be a same 
assertion for Jyothy Labs as well? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Yes, sort of, you know, we also tend to agree. And one more point on the volume growth, if you 
look at the numbers excluding HI segment, then our volume growth is close to 5%, 4.8% 
actually. So, that way, volume growth has been pretty decent on an overall Company level basis. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood. Just one clarification here, there is no category in which volume growth has been 
significantly ahead of revenue growth, right? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
In Dish wash, as I said, the liquid dish wash, volume growth has been pretty high. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Manoj Menon: 
Okay, sure. And if I heard correctly, Jyothy ma'am telling a little earlier in the initial remarks 
that higher competitive intensity or activity in home care, right? Did I hear it correctly? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Yes, I mean, in Dish wash, we have seen intensity. 
Manoj Menon: 
Okay. One last thing and after than I will fall back in the queue. Again, some color in terms of 
your Home care performance, right? Because there are different segments, different formats, 
liquid has been a big adoption you have seen, etc. So, any color you could add on Home Care 
and how do you see, let's say, home care performance for the next, let's say, 1 or 2 years? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So, Manoj, competitive activity, when we say it's not restricted to one category, it is there across. 
It's a very, the category that we are in is highly competitive, every segment, every new category 
or new launch, everything are facing that kind of a thing. And rightly so, with so many players 
coming in, and trying to make good or trying to revive that consumer sentiments, trying to create 
more volume related purchases, trying to woo the consumers, I think all of them are being 
competitive, and which is what maybe is required for the current environment and that is, and 
we are also accordingly calibrating, whether be it the grammage, be it the price, price cuts or 
offering of promos. So, it's a combination of all of this, it's not one category alone, it is there 
across. And I think that this whole thing, when everybody does it, basically, the consumer 
sentiments will be better going forward maybe it will result in more of volume uplift going 
forward. Yes, but being in Home Care, yes, it's a very, very competitive segment. And it looks 
like that will remain going ahead. But we are trying our best to see, to bring in relevance and to 
bring in the best quality to the consumers at a good price. 
Manoj Menon: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes, hi, good evening. I had a few. So, one was on the pricing versus volume growth. So, 
difference is about 2.5%, 2.2%. Now, does this quarter reflect the full impact of price cuts, 
grammage increases in your view? My question is really just to understand, the price volume 
differential at 2% 2.5%, 3%, is this fully reflecting the actions in the quarter or it was, there were 
further actions mid-quarter where, because of which this differential would increase in Q2? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
It reflects broadly, it covers the full picture. So, this gap, you will see probably a narrowing 
volume, also value going forward. 
Harit Kapoor: 
So, Pawan, when we should see this, you think, like from Q3 or the narrowing or should from 
Q2 or only a little bit? 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Q3 would be the fair timeframe. Q2, more or less, it will be the same. But Q3 onwards, it should 
start narrowing because last year the extra grammages, higher promotions, etc. intensity 
increased Quarter 2 onwards, it picked up momentum. So, I think quarter three onwards, you 
should see this gap narrowing. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. The second thing on Dish wash, you mentioned very high single digit growth in bars and 
double digits in liquids. So, the differential looks like almost a double digit impact, which means 
like a higher grammage plus price cut impact. Just wanted to get your sense about, is this the 
most competitive space right now for you, in terms of a subcategory? Are you seeing the highest 
level of competitive activity here? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, I mean, it's very difficult to point it out in that manner because as Jyothy indicated, 
competitive intensity is high across segments. However, recently, off late, we have seen, 
intensity increasing in Dish wash segment, but other categories also have high competition. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And, if you look at the EBIT margins on the standalone side, you've seen a reduction 
sequentially from Q4 to Q1 in the Fabric care, but Dish wash has increased now, expanded. 
Now, I didn't understand this because if you think about price cuts are higher in Dish wash, in 
terms of volume-value differential, also the commodities are not extremely different. So, if you 
could just help me understand, is there a difference, significant difference in the RM structure in 
Fabric care because of which, you know, sequentially you have seen a fall versus Dish wash? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, in Dish wash, you are right. Your observation is correct. The margins, the reasons for margin 
is operational efficiency. And also, at the plant level, manufacturing cost wise, the operational 
efficiency, we drove and a little bit of marketing spend allocation between categories also, that 
also paid. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Okay, got it. That's very clear. And last couple of things, one was, and both for Jyothy, you 
know, you did mention July is a little bit better. So, are you saying that kind of June exits and 
early July have been better than the average volume growth of Q1? Is that the comment you're 
making? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, July, we are seeing early signs in terms of secondaries, you know, secondaries are picking 
up in July, not necessarily in June. But July, we saw some towards the second half of the month, 
we saw some improvement on the secondary side. So, but it's too short a period to draw any 
conclusion. But these are our early readings. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes, very clear. And last thing was on this, you mentioned innovation to be a driver in your 
outlook. Do you see a substantial increase in our own innovation intensity in 2H in line with our 
estimation of a growth improvement in the macro? Is that the way we should think about it? I'm 
thinking about FY'26. So, should innovation intensity be, would we see more launches in H2 
coinciding with hopefully an improved demand environment? 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So, Harit, yes, in a way. I mean, seeing the current scenario, we've tried to hold on and we'll see 
better things coming in Q3, Q4. It'll be slightly better than your first half. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Those are my questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal from ASK Investment Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Vishal: 
Hi, team. Good show on a tough environment. Two questions from my side. Firstly, on Henko 
Liquids. Historically, they have been priced at a premium like Surf Excel, but our ground checks 
are suggesting that Company has taken some price corrections, so it can compete with Surf 
Excel. My question is that how do you plan to communicate your differential with the Surf Excel 
or the larger brand that is in the market. So, that still the product security comes out? And second 
question is on Young & Fresh. Again, your acceptance seems to be quite high. So, I think you're 
planning to roll out some media campaigns. What are the medium term plans for Young & 
Fresh? Can it be a Rs. 200 crores-Rs. 300 crores brand in 2-3 years' time span? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So, Vishal, so Henko, we are definitely I think once a consumer uses Henko, they will know, 
they'll continue to use that and that we are very sure of. And we are investing behind the brand, 
in markets where it makes a difference, not the entire country. But yes, we have selective markets 
for where the appreciation for premium products are there and there we choose to spend. So, that 
is on Henko. And the differential is also being mentioned in the creative copies that we are 
spending on. And on Young & Fresh, yes, it is the initial readings are fine. We hope that it 
continues and will continue to invest where it matters. So, that's on Young & Fresh. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
It's early days and the initial response is encouraging and, let's wait and watch. 
Vishal: 
Last question, where do you expect the Fabric care margins to stabilize in 1-2 years' time span? 
I understand increased competitive part is there. Competition level is on a higher side, but where 
should it stabilize? What are the expectations? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
See, it's very, very volatile situation right now. As you know, as you are aware, the liquid 
detergent, the way margins are fluctuating and the competitive intensity is there. Right now, 
these quarters margins are lower compared to last year. But I think this year, looking at the 
current situation and next few quarters, the visibility that we have and the sense that we are 
getting from the market, the margins will be slightly lower compared to FY'25. 
Vishal: 
Got it. And sir, any update on M&A front given that you've been accumulating cash? I think 
you've been looking out, you've been evaluating acquisition, but any update on that front? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Yes. So, we are in pursuit of finding the right fit, and in that regard we are evaluating few assets 
and at an appropriate time, the information will be shared with the investor community. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Vishal: 
Thank you. Wishing you all the best. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Purohit from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Purohit: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, just on this price versus volume gap, you indicated 
it will narrow down. But I just want to know, you're saying one, Dish wash competitive intensity 
is increasing. Have we taken any further pricing action year to date? And if that's so, then in 
second half, we would have started the base effects of benefits of so price increase will also start 
coming in. So, to that extent, still think that that will nullify and the narrowing would continue 
and probably for the full year exit may be a flattish kind of a volume or you think this will only, 
I mean, I'm just trying to understand what it will be to negate the effect of soap price increase 
that we would have taken in second half when we know that competitive intensity is very high? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
In soaps, our price increases we have taken slightly later compared to other players and it is 
because we have multiple categories and within that we have sub segments. So, the volume value 
relationship cannot be established in a direct manner the way you indicated. So, overall, looking 
at all the factors, we believe that this gap should narrow down to Quarter 3 onwards, but it's not 
going to be completely eliminated in the second half of the year is what we feel. 
Amit Purohit: 
Sure. And second on the margin outlook, we did 16.5 this quarter. How do we look at from a 
full year basis, because there are a lot of seasonality in the margins as well. So, just wanted to 
know your thoughts? I mean, would be touching 17% or so. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So, the current situation in the market is known to everybody and the H1 margin overall, as we 
indicated earlier also would be under pressure. H2 with demand picking up and the overall 
environment being conducive, there could be a little bit of improvement over there. But an 
overall basis for the year, we still believe that between 16% and 17% margin is possible. 
Amit Purohit: 
Okay. And anything on the volume outlook, you want to comment for FY'26? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Difficult. It's very difficult to comment on volume. 
Amit Purohit: 
Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saheel Shirsat from Delta Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Saheel Shirsat: 
Hi, thank you so much for taking my question. So, my first question is on what strategy we have 
for urban and rural markets going forward? And my second question is on marketing spends. 
How are we going to plan for them? Thank you so much. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So, let me address your second question first. So, marketing spend, so we are committed to invest 
behind our brands. And in that direction, we every quarter, our spends are more or less in line 
with our overall stated strategy, which is between 8% and 9%. And on an annualized basis, you 
see the number hovering between 8 and 9. So, that is likely to continue at least in the near term. 
And on the first question, I would request Jyothy to answer. Urban versus rural. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So, Sahil, right? The urban versus rural strategy for us right now, rural contributes around 40% 
for us. And urban is the one that is right now, while we are putting all our efforts to see that both 
urban and rural both perform. For us, rural is the one that is currently performing. And we are 
still investing in reaching as many outlets as possible. That is a continuous agenda. And as of 
last year, as we completed, we reached 1.3 million retail outlets directly. Now coming to urban, 
we are seeing growth in urban more from a modern trade e-commerce, that part of it and not in 
the traditional retail, which contributes largely. So, while your modern trade and e-commerce 
are growing, the traditional outlets are not to that effect growing. So, that  is where the whole 
issue is. But hopefully that should change going forward if consumers, if the current situation in 
terms of demand and things may change, hopefully from the second half onwards, with good 
monsoon and with the government spending and things like that, we are hopeful that at least 
from the second half, things turn to be better. 
Participant: 
Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Senthil Manikandan from Ithought PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Good evening. Just a couple of questions. First is on the distribution, like Jyothy ma'am 
mentioned, there is pressure on the general trade channel. Ma'am, any initiatives internally the 
Company has taken to spur the demand in this channel? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Senthil, it's the usual thing. Like, see for us, it is while we are continuing to service the retail 
outlets and things like that, it's the consumers who are seeking more convenience who are turning 
into your modern trade and e-commerce. I think all of us are examples of seeking convenience. 
We see it at our own homes that we prefer to when there is less time and somehow we try and 
order everything online and which used to be all of us going to traditional outlets and buying, 
now that is shifting. So, while we are servicing the retail outlets, but they seem to be not getting 
consumers on a regular basis, and there you see closure of certain outlets and the overall sales 
coming down there. While we are trying to be competitive both in modern trade and e-
commerce, we are also trying to extend that bit in the general trade, but not completely because 
there is still an element of convenience which obviously they cannot match. Even if you try and 
do by pricing, it is still the convenience that takes one step ahead in terms of your modern trade, 
which is your e-commerce that they deliver. So, we are trying our best while we, that is what we 
can do and we will be consistent with doing that. What we can do is only maybe keep increasing 
the number of retail outlets so that many number of outlets add to that additional revenue for us 
and things will improve maybe later. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Thanks. Second question is on the innovation side. So, if you can share some data in terms of 
NPDs launched over the last three years, percentage of sales, and it could be very helpful in 
terms of tracking the NPD rate of the business. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
We do not share, unfortunately, the innovation-related data. So, you will come to know as and 
when it gets launched. And we have a strong pipeline of NPD, that much I can tell you. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Great. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonal from Prescient Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question again. We wanted to understand what are the terms of trade 
for modern and quick commerce, sorry, for most pertinent to quick commerce, compared to 
general trade. Are there lower margins or are there more days? Just wanted to understand that. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So, in general trade, we have largely cash and carry business in most regions of the country. But 
in modern trade, we extend credit and it varies. Again, the terms of trade are negotiated, 
discussed with individual players. So, it's very difficult to give you the sense. But we do extend 
credit to modern trade e-commerce, quick commerce players. So, that's all I can tell you. 
Sonal Minhas: 
So, quick commerce roughly works around 60-90 days of credit? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, it varies. Again, retail chains, e-commerce platform, quick commerce platform, cash and 
carry outlets. So, it's institutions, it's a mix. So, overall, we can say a basket approach if you see 
about 30-35 days credit. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it. Understand. And my second question was, I'm sure you guys are tracking the category 
leaders in e-commerce and quick commerce in the categories which you operated. So, let's take, 
for example, the Dish wash category or the detergent category. Are there newer names which 
are in the top 3, top 5 list there? Or these are the same players like you who have done well on 
the traditional and are doing well. So, you're seeing some new names who are doing 
exceptionally well and are in the top 3, 4, 5 category in the categories you operated? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
No, these are the usual suspects. 
Sonal Minhas: 
So, no D2C brands trying to break in and becoming the top 2-3 players in quick commerce, e-
commerce channels that you're looking at? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
At least we have not seen that. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Understand. Sir, from a 2-3 year out perspective, a new categories we're working on, anything 
which you can share, which are not part of the current categories, or a completely different 
category which we're working on. Just wanted to understand that. 

 
Jyothy Labs Limited 
August 12, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thanks for the question, but as I said earlier, unfortunately, we are not able to share the 
information related to new product launches, etc. at an early stage. As and when it gets launched, 
we'll come to know. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you. Thanks for your continued interest in Jyothy Labs Limited and have a pleasant 
evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
 
 
 
