29th July 2025 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeeBhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
SCRIP CODE: 523367 
SCRIP CODE: DCMSHRIRAM 
Kind Attn.:  
Department of Corporate Communications/Head - Listing Department 
Sub.        :     Transcript of Investors’ Earnings Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached Transcript of Investors’ Earning Call on 
the Unaudited Financial Results (both Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter ended 
30th June 2025 held on 23rd July 2025.  
Kindly take the above information on record.  
The said Transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e., www.dcmshriram.com. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For DCM Shriram Limited 
(Deepak Gupta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
DEEPAK 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by DEEPAK GUPTA 
Date: 2025.07.29 12:58:40 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
DCM Shriram Limited 
Q1 & FY ’26 Earnings Conference Call 
July 23, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the DCM Shriram Limited 
Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR 
India for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Ryan. Good afternoon and welcome to DCM Shriram Limited's 
Quarter 1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today we have with us Mr. Ajay Shriram – Chairman & Senior Managing 
Director; Mr. Ajit Shriram – Joint Managing Director; Mr. Aditya Shriram – 
Deputy Managing Director; and Mr. Amit Agarwal – Group CFO of the 
Company. 
We shall commence with remarks from Mr. Ajay Shriram and Mr. Ajit Shriram. 
Members of the audience will get an opportunity to ask their questions to the 
management following these comments during the interactive question-and-
answer session. 
Before we begin, please note that some of the statements made on today's call 
could be forward-looking in nature, and a note to that effect has been included 
in the conference call invitation that has been circulated earlier and is also 
available on the Stock Exchange websites. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Ajay Shriram to give us a brief overview. Over to 
you, sir. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and a very warm 
welcome to all of you. Thank you for taking out time and joining us today to 
discuss the Company's performance around 1st Quarter of Financial Year '26 
Results. 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
I shall commence with views on industry dynamics and our strategic direction, 
following which Ajit will share the financial perspectives. 
The global economic growth projections continue to be lower. While headline 
inflation is soft across most regions, tariff-driven cost pressures and 
geopolitical rifts continue to challenge policymakers with significant risks to 
market disruptions. Many emerging and developing economies faced 
headwinds from reduced exports, lower commodity prices, tighter financial 
conditions and elevated debt burdens, putting the growth perspectives and 
development goals at risk. 
While India is impacted by these global developments, there is higher 
resilience given the domestic demand, policy fundamentals and strategic fiscal 
interventions. The RBI's rate cuts and the government's continued support for 
infrastructure creation and manufacturing have created economic momentum. 
Our Company is well-positioned to benefit from India's growth and has over 
the years taken steps to fortify presence across its businesses. Our 
investments have been aimed at augmenting capacities and adjacencies 
through integration, optimizing costs and being competitive across business 
cycles. 
We continue to leverage digital platforms to enhance customer experience, 
streamline operations and deliver more efficient services across all touch 
points. We remain committed to follow sustainability as a guiding principle in 
all our existing and proposed investments. 
I will now share with you the industry dynamics across our businesses. 
First, I will take up Chemicals: 
With uncertainties on U.S. tariffs and deepening geopolitical conflicts, global 
caustic soda market was impacted with demand reducing from key end-use 
industries such as aluminum, textiles and paper. 
China continued to participate aggressively in the international market, leading 
to oversupply. The prices of caustic soda that had reached about US$500 per 
metric ton FOB last year have retracted to US$450 per metric ton, signaling 
softness in prices.  
India's caustic soda market continued to be oversupplied with current capacity 
of approximately 6.5 million metric tons operating at 80% capacity utilization. 
Chlorine prices also have been under pressure owing to oversupply, coupled 
with subdued demand of chlorine derivatives. Our capacity utilization is 80% 
and is ramping up gradually. 
We are also witnessing benefits in our cost-saving initiatives, especially in 
power. Hydrogen peroxide which goes in the existing caustic use segments 
like pulp and paper, textiles and water treatment is growing at a healthy rate. 
We are focusing on building our market share. The plant is operating at about 
65% capacity utilization. Our target this year is to reach over 80% capacity 
utilization. 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
The trial runs of the ECH plant have started and the utilities like Glycerine 
purification et cetera are fully operational. We will be commissioning within this 
quarter and the capacity ramp up will happen within the next few quarters. 
Our acquisition of Hindustan Specialty Chemicals Limited marks our foray into 
advanced materials and epoxy resin segments. The transaction is in line with 
our policy of growing into adjacencies through backward and forward 
integration. This acquisition shall help in giving us a jump start into this 
business and provide us a platform for faster growth. 
Work on aluminum chloride and calcium chloride capacities at Bharuch 
continues as per timeline. In line with our objectives, our green initiatives and 
cost efficiency programs continue to underscore growth initiatives. The 
additional injection of 6.6 Megawatts of green power at Baruch has started in 
this quarter, taking the total peak renewable power availability at Bharuch to 
50 Megawatts. The 68-Megawatt renewable power project for Kota is 
progressing as per schedule. 
The benefits of the CAPEX programs in our chemical businesses have started 
showing results by providing volume-driven growth. Successful completion of 
the plans under implementation, along with capacity utilization reaching 
optimum levels shall further aid in this growth. 
Vinyl: 
Global PVC demand has remained subdued and global trends continue to 
indicate softer prices of PVC. While India remains a spot of confidence, 
supported by construction and agricultural activities, China continues to 
redirect surplus PVC to global markets, impacting domestic Indian PVC prices 
negatively. 
The Supreme Court's interim order has cleared the way for a comprehensive 
anti-dumping investigation into imports of PVC by DGTR, the Director General 
of Trade and Remedies, overruling the Gujarat High Court's stay. Once 
imposed, it will bring some respite to the low-cost import prices. 
The cost structure in our vinyl business has improved. We will continue to 
optimize production between PVC and Carbide in order to derive optimal 
margins from this business. 
Sugar and Ethanol: 
Global sugar demand for sugar season '24-'25 is expected to be higher than 
the supply, leading to a reduction of 4 million metric tons in the inventory levels 
for the current year. This was mainly due to lower production in India over the 
previous year by 5.8 million metric tons. 
The Indian sugar season '24-'25 is expected to end with a stock of 5.2 million 
metric tons with production estimate of 26.3 million metric tons after diversion 
of approximately 3.3 million metric tons for ethanol production, consumption of 
28 million metric tons and export of about 1 million metric tons. 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Current prices are around Rs. 4,020 per quintal and are expected to remain 
range bound. The demand in Q1 was subdued and is expected to pick up in 
the coming quarter. 
On the ethanol front, the Government of India is planning to increase the target 
of ethanol blending in petrol and start its mixing with diesel. As of 31st May 
2025, ethanol blending in petrol has reached 19%. This bodes well for the 
ethanol industry. 
However, in a regressive move, the UP government has recently leveled export 
fees on ethanol exported outside the state of Uttar Pradesh, retrospectively 
from 2018, in view of a judgment from the Supreme Court.  
Further, the increase in sugar and ethanol prices has not fully compensated for 
the increase in sugarcane and grains’ prices for ethanol. These steps are 
regressive in nature and stall the growth of the industry.  
In this backdrop, it is important to review and overhaul the sugar policy 
framework in order to make it remunerative in the long run for the farmers as 
well as manufacturers.  
Our compressed biogas plant commissioned in March '25 is operating at about 
90% capacity utilization.  
Fenesta Building Systems: 
The Company remains committed to expanding its market footprint by 
deepening the reach of its current offerings and broadening its portfolio through 
the development of new platforms. Our sales strategy is focused around 
enriching the customer journey through ensuring long-term sustainable growth. 
Meanwhile, our aluminum extrusion project is advancing as per schedule. We 
have successfully acquired 53% equity stake in DNV Global Private Limited, a 
Company operating in the hardware space. These strategic actions are said to 
reinforce our position as an integrated solutions provider in the building 
materials domain and support the creation of enduring stakeholder value. 
Moving on, the Agri-Input Businesses portfolio comprises of Shriram Farm 
Solutions, Fertilizers, and the Bioseed business.  
Shriram Farm Solutions: 
This is a consumer-facing business, and it continues its growth momentum. 
The Company's growth trajectory was led by both robust volume expansion as 
well as better pricing. Demonstrating agility amid climatic fluctuations, the 
Company ensured timely deployment of need-based solutions and introduced 
scientifically developed crop nutrition products that strengthened the crop 
tolerance to stress conditions. 
Notably, in the current quarter, SFS has launched 8 new products in crop 
protection and specialty plant nutrient verticals, including 2 new products from 
our own R&D. The business continues to focus on its own R&D collaborations 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
and exclusive arrangements to bring the new age products and global 
technologies to Indian farmers. 
Fertilizer: 
On the backdrop of early onset of monsoon, higher rain expectations and lower 
imports, the urea demand is expected to be healthy. As the stability in the urea 
industry persists, we are committed to energy efficiency and boosting 
operational effectiveness. India has seen stable allocation to subsidies, 
translating into smoother transfers to producers.  
Bioseed: 
The Bioseed turnaround is gaining momentum, underpinned by a broader 
hybrid seed range, that is fueling growth across core sectors. The expansion 
in corn cultivation driven by attractive crop economies and rising ethanol 
demand, along with strong paddy performance has boosted overall results. 
However, cotton acreage is likely to drop for third consecutive year with 
organized sector in cotton seeds taking a deeper cut in volume. 
I will now request Ajit to provide the financial perspectives. Ajit, over to you. 
Ajit Shriram: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone. I will now take you through the financial 
highlights for the quarter.  
Net revenues for Q1 FY '26 were at Rs. 3,262 crore versus Rs. 2,876 crore last 
year, an increase of 13% year-on-year. PBDIT for Q1 FY '26 was at Rs. 326 
crore versus Rs. 274 crore in Q1 FY '25, an increase of 19% year-on-year. 
Chemicals: 
The business reported an increase in revenue of 43% year-on-year led by 
Caustic soda volumes that were up 20% on account of the new 850 tons per 
day facility that was made operational in May 2024. PBDIT increased by 68%, 
owing to lower input prices, particularly energy prices, and efficiencies from the 
120-Megawatt power plant.  
The excess capacities in India is creating pressure on product prices, 
especially chlorine. However, the downstream projects such as hydrogen 
peroxide and aluminum chloride, commissioned last year, has also supported 
the revenue growth. We expect volume-driven growth to continue with 
operationalization of our projects under implementation and capacity ramp-up.  
Vinyl: 
The vinyl business had flat revenue at Rs. 209 crore in the quarter versus Rs. 
211 crore in the quarter last year. The volumes of both PVC and Carbide were 
higher. However, prices were down by 17% for PVC. Last year, there was a 
one-time positive impact of Rs. 16 crore each because of reversal of electricity 
duty on auxiliary consumption in vinyl as well as chemicals.  
 
 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Sugar and Ethanol: 
Sugar and Ethanol business revenue, net of excise duty, was lower by 14% in 
the quarter. Domestic sugar volumes were lower by 23% due to lower offtake. 
Volumes of ethanol were in line. Prices for both ethanol and sugar were slightly 
better. 
PBDIT for the segment was lower at negative Rs. 7 crore versus a positive Rs. 
37 crore in last year as the increase in prices did not compensate for the 
increase in cost of production. 
There was also a one-time negative impact of roughly Rs. 36 crore on account 
of provision for levy of duty on ethanol exported outside the state of UP 
effective 2018. The industry is exploring legal recourse against this levy. 
Fenesta Building Systems: 
Fenesta Building Systems’ revenue increased 21% year-on-year, led by 
volumes across the project and the retail segment. The growth was better than 
the same period last year.  
PBDIT for the quarter was similar to last year due to higher fixed expenses for 
setting up new adjacent businesses, higher marketing expenses and 
acquisition-related costs. We anticipate continued higher levels of expenditure 
to support the strategic scaling of our operations and our expansion into newer 
adjacencies. The order book continues to be healthy. 
Shriram Farm Solutions: 
Shriram Farm Solutions’ revenue increased by 29% year-on-year supported 
by volumes across verticals, especially crop protection. The prices were also 
better across the verticals except slight moderation in crop protection vertical.  
PBDIT for the quarter was higher by 22% on account of better margins despite 
higher marketing expenses focused on strengthening of the Shriram brand and 
higher R&D expenditure. 
Fertilizers: 
The fertilizer revenue was higher by 19% year-on-year. PBDIT was also higher 
by 65% led by volumes and better energy efficiency as there was a 
maintenance shutdown in the last year. 
In the current quarter, there is a one-time positive impact of roughly Rs. 24 
crore on account of revision in the retention price of Financial Year 2023. Last 
year also, there was a one-time positive impact of roughly Rs. 20 crore on 
account of recovery of marketing margin.  
Outstanding fertilizer subsidy was at Rs. 236 crore as against 133 crore in the 
last year. 
 
 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Bioseed: 
The segment saw a revenue increase of 30% year-on-year. Some of it, 
especially in Philippines, is a timing difference. PBDIT increased by 46%. The 
improvement is led by better margins across crop segments of corn and paddy. 
The Company’s net debt at Rs. 1,481 crore as of June 30th, 2025 as against 
Rs. 1,459 crore as of June 30th, 2024. 
Return on capital employed for June 2025 came in slightly lower at 13% as 
compared to 14% for June 2024, since CAPEX incurred on the projects will 
start yielding returns in the forthcoming quarters. 
By maintaining rigorous financial discipline, we ensure a robust balance sheet 
that supports agile investments in strengthening existing and adjacent 
businesses, and cost-saving initiatives. 
That concludes my opening remarks, and I request the moderator to please 
open the forum for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question comes from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yes, good afternoon team, and congrats for the superb performance. I have 
few questions to ask on the Chemical side. Sir, when we see our Q1 
performance for the Caustic Soda business, our PBDIT has improved by close 
to around Rs. 3.20 per kg as compared to Rs. 2.40 per kg in Q1 of FY ‘25. So, 
just wanted to understand like the PBDIT improvement of Rs. 3.20, was this 
eco-improvement of Rs. 2.40, the difference comes to around Rs. 80 paisa per 
kg. So, if you can just help us understand, was it all because of the savings in 
power or some fixed cost optimization also would have helped us in the 
improved performance? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See the improvement in EBITDA is a function of 2 things essentially. One is the 
improvement in product prices, which as we mentioned have been better than 
last year.  
Second is, the variable costs have been lower. The variable cost ballpark has 
been lower by about 10% to 12%. So, these are the 2 key reasons. And within 
variable cost, the major reason is the power cost. Power cost also had 2 
components. One because the power rate was lower, given that the fuel rate 
was lower than same period last year. And the efficiencies, as was mentioned 
in the Chairman's message as well from the 120-megawatt power plant, that 
also acted. So, mix of quite a few factors. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. And sir, when we have commissioned the plant for the expansion of 
850 TPD caustic soda, and 120-megawatt power plant at Bharuch. Let's say 
before that our fixed cost was 100, how much our fixed cost would have gone 
up with the commissioning of these two capacities? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, it's difficult to give you a number on by how much, pertaining to these 2 
facilities. See, overall, the Chemical business is in a growth mode. Therefore, 
again it has to hire for newer capabilities, like for example, if we are looking at 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
growing in Epoxy, the capabilities for Epoxy were hired almost about a year 
back, at least the critical capabilities. So, it's a mix of creating the entire 
infrastructure of capabilities, and as we are in growth mode, these expenses 
will go up overall. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, just an add-on on this, like just we divide the production 
volumes, possibly we would have required 220 megawatts of power for our 
Caustic Soda business in Q1 of FY ‘26. So, what was the mix of power between 
the renewables and our captive power plant? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, our renewable average that we get in Q1 was about 24-25 megawatts 
against the total requirement. So, what we produced during the quarter 
averaged at about 2,200. Yes, you are right. So, therefore, that only about 25-
26 megawatts came from renewables. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. Sir, second question is on the Epoxy side, like the acquired asset has 
a capacity of 17,000 tons. So, it is all predominantly the LER capacity or does 
it also include some downstream capacities as well? 
Aditya Shriram: 
You are right. Yes, it does include some downstream capacity as well. But 
again, this would be the starting point for us, and we will use this acquisition 
for entry into the business and also for further growth. So, we expect to grow 
the capacities relatively soon. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct, correct. Sir, one of the interview statements you also mentioned that 
we intend to almost triple our capacities for the Epoxy business. So, given the 
kind of expansion what we are looking at, what could be the timeline one could 
expect on for this expansion, a), and b) What sort of CAPEX would be required 
if we decide to go ahead with the expansion? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, it will be hard to share some of those details at this point, but the team is 
evaluating various technologies, and various capacities, and once the Board 
approves these expansions, that will be announced. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Sir, last bit from my side, if you can share the market size of LER as well 
as the specialized Epoxy market in India, that would be very helpful. 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, the total market size of the liquid Epoxy resin and its formulations put 
together, is about 200 kilotons per annum as on date, and expected to grow to 
about 300 in the next 3 years. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much, sir, and wish you all the best. I will join back in 
the queue for further questions. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir, and congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
I will carry the question of the Epoxy side. Can you give a little more explanation 
and detail regarding the business on few aspects? One is, you mentioned 
about the increase in capacity, but what we understand is there is enough 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
supply in India to sort of cater the domestic market. So, how do you see the 
export side of the Epoxy and what countries, if you can give some sense, how 
you are pursuing the business in terms of increasing the capacity and utilizing 
it? 
And secondly, how much of the ECH, which we have planned capacity, will be 
used internally? Yes, so that's my question on Epoxy.  
Aditya Shriram: 
So, Epoxy, you are right, there is an adequate supply of Epoxy in the market 
right now. But what we are seeing is that there is a healthy growth in the market 
for Epoxy. So, as was mentioned already by our CFO, we expect the demand 
for Epoxy to go up from roughly 200 kt to 300 kt per annum in the next 3 to 4 
years. So, I think that will help in absorbing the increased capacity, which we 
will also be coming up with. 
Additionally, we will, of course, focus on domestic demand, but we will also 
focus on exports. So, we will cater to the global market. And I think with our 
cost structures being relatively competitive, and we will have to closely monitor 
the tariffs that are being levied across globally, I think it positions us well for 
growth in the years to come. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Ahmed, just to add, lot of capacities in Europe, from players like Huntsman, 
Westlake, Olin, they are being proposed to be shut down, especially the liquid 
Epoxy resin facility. And they probably would like to focus more on formulation. 
So, that will also make liquid Epoxy resin from India, a global product. 
And further, a lot of these wind manufacturers are coming to India to 
manufacture blades and things like that. So, I think there's a lot of growth which 
is expected to happen within the Indian market, and global market for India to 
be a key player.  
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. And can you answer on the epichlorohydrin part, what percentage we 
will be using internally, and roughly what kind of margin range you think is 
sustainable in Epoxy business? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, I think it will depend as our capacities grow. Currently, it will be a smaller 
percentage of our ECH, which will be consumed captively. But as we expand 
our capacities for Epoxy, then a larger percentage of the ECH will be consumed 
captively. And therefore, we will grow ECH as well in the times to come. So, 
this is a growth vertical for us. It will be a dynamic number. But the advantage 
of being across the value chain, helps position us reasonably well for this 
business. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Got it. On the margin improvement part, you explained about the cost structure 
in terms of reducing whole cost as well as variable cost. I had a question on 
the increase in the captive chlorine consumption. So, if I do the numbers, your 
caustic volumes are of 20%, but if I look at the value-added business in the 
caustic chlorine segment, it looks the number is up 70%-80%, because we 
have commercialized new capacities for aluminium chloride, hydrogen 
peroxide, and so on. So, in terms of percentage terms, has our chlorine captive 
use increased materially in last 3 to 4 quarters? If you can quantify the 
percentage number or you can even give from the base of 100, how it has 
moved? 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, we actually look at it in 2 parts. One is the captive chlorine consumption 
directly, but secondly also is our pipeline customers. So, in the last 30 odd 
years, we have grown, and our pipeline customers have also grown. They are 
our valued customers, and we have a very strong relationship with them. 
So, after the current expansions, we expect approximately 40% of our chlorine 
to be consumed captively in Jhagadia, in Bharuch, and approximately 30% will 
be with pipeline customers. So, roughly 70% across captive and pipeline 
customers will be consumed in the complex.  
Ahmed Madha: 
This 70% includes the commercialization of ECH as well? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes, that is right.  
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay, got it. And in March, we had a Board meeting regarding the corporate 
restructuring, and we had some update in last call as well. Would you like to 
comment how the timelines are shaping up? How is the discussion going on 
with the Board level? If you can give some sense at what level we have 
reached, and when can we assume that it will be formalized?  
Ajay Shriram: 
See, this is under discussion with the Board level as well as internally our own 
Management, on this entire exercise. It is a major exercise, where our finance 
team and other teams are working with consultants and others. What is the 
best way? What is the best time? How can we take it forward as rapidly as 
possible? So, we are hoping in the next few months, we will take it up to the 
Board for their approval and then apply to the government for various 
permissions and clearances, which is a fairly lengthy and complicated process. 
But we hope in a couple of months to take it to the Board. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay, got it. Last question on the epichlorohydrin part, we had the delay of 
nearly 2 years. If I go back to the original timelines, but is it fair to assume that 
all the process related, component related issues have been resolved, and it 
will be fully commercialized from Q3 or do you think still 1-2 pieces are yet to 
be done? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes, so the timeline for completion of the project has been longer than what we 
had originally anticipated. But we are happy to note now that we have started 
trial runs of the plant, and we expect to announce commissioning in the next 
couple of weeks, and then ramp up in the next few quarters.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pujan Shah from Molecule Ventures. 
Please go ahead.  
Pujan Shah: 
Hello, thanks for the opportunity, sir. My first question pertains to the PVC side. 
So, in the industry perspective, we have seen there was a hike of Rs. 3.5 per 
kg in April and May. While in our PPT, we are mentioning there is a price 
correction of 17%. So, I am not able to gauge it. So, can you just please correct 
my understanding? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, see PVC prices have been soft. If you see in our presentation itself, we 
have mentioned that PVC prices from April onwards. Actually, if you look at 
even Q4 of last year, where they were very good in January, 76,000 and then 
78,000, and they came down in April and May. May they came down to 66,000, 
67,000. So, they are currently continuing at that level. 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Pujan Shah: 
Sir, just wanted to understand that if there was a price hike of Rs. 3.5 per kg, 
so can we just read out that price increase has again come back to the same 
level as there is a continuous dumping from the Chinese end? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, one, I am frankly not aware of this price hike, because these prices what 
we are giving you, we are also giving you the international prices as well and 
the Indian prices as well. But yes, you are right, the major reason for this is the 
continuous dumping from China, and the delay in imposition of anti-dumping 
duty in India. 
Pujan Shah: 
And sir, today's outcome, we have seen there is a precursor has been 
announced from the DGTR for the ADD purpose, and soon might it get 
converted into a final finding. So, just wanted to understand in a broader 
perspective that how much PVC prices from Chinese. And I understand the 
duty may be varied from country to country, but just wanted to understand as 
the dumping continues from China. So, if ADD comes, so what could be the 
industry pricing, like it would be around Rs. 73, Rs. 74 per kg. 
And if it happens, what margins which we will be able to pertain? So, it will be 
a break-even or flattish around 1% to 2% EBIT level or how we should read on 
that part.  
Ajay Shriram: 
Well, frankly on this issue of ADD, what you said is right. DGTR in fact has 
made out the report today. And they have actually now made it public today or 
they are going to make it public this evening or tomorrow, and waiting for I think 
maybe a week, 10 days to get feedback on that report. 
Thereafter, it is expected this report will go to the finance ministry. And the 
finance ministry, we hope, will take action on it quickly. As you are aware, there 
is a court case also being filed by one of the users. 
And there, the issue in that is that they are talking or they had talked about a 
couple of grades of PVC. So, the industry is saying that the decision on the 
grades of PVC has to be taken by the DGTR. They are the ones who are 
qualified and educated to understand the various grades and the uses of those 
grades. 
So, that has now come to the DGTR. They are taking action on it. We sincerely 
hope that in the next couple of weeks' time, it goes to the finance ministry. 
And from there, then they take action, so that we are protected. Our 
expectation is that the price increase should be in the range of at least Rs. 6 
to Rs. 7 rupees a kilo to start with, once the ADD comes in. Which all countries 
they bring it in, we are not sure as yet. But I think China is the main concern 
right now for the industry, which we are working on with the government.  
Moderator: 
Pujan, I will request you to please join the queue. Thank you.  
We take the next question from the line of Raj Vyas from TM Investment 
Technologies Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Raj Vyas: 
Thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, 
I guess last time you had given a revenue guidance of around 10%-15%, right, 
and I guess margins were around 11%-14%. So, for FY ‘26, for the remaining 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
quarters, do we see the numbers in line or we are making some bit of changes 
to the top line as well as in the margins?  
Amit Agarwal: 
We do expect our numbers to be in this range for the rest of the year. Especially 
Q3 and Q4 should help us make up, because there is seasonality in our 
business. So, Q3 and Q4 should help us make up the deficit.  
Ajay Shriram: 
But I just want to add, ladies and gentlemen, that you are seeing the geopolitics 
of the world. You are seeing the way the U.S. is moving on their trades, on their 
tariffs, and they make 1 level today and another 1 tomorrow. So, we are hoping 
that India can come to some agreement with the U.S. on at least some 
fundamental trade terms. So, we have some stability in policy. Otherwise, the 
uncertainty is very high.  
Raj Vyas: 
Okay. So, coming to the tariff point, like how we are looking at the Chemical 
business, because in the press release, we have mentioned that the global 
caustic soda supply chain is disrupted because of the tariff. So, how we are 
looking things presently, currently, how it is shaping, because it will shape up 
for next quarter's performance as well. 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, as we have shared, there is unpredictability going forward for all types of 
businesses, including for caustic soda. India was not exporting any caustic 
soda directly to the US, neither was China exporting any caustic soda directly 
to the US. So, there is no direct impact, but there will be second-order and 
third-order effects in terms of the demand from the consuming industries, 
including aluminum, or if China exports more to other countries, which it has 
started doing, so that impacts the global flow of caustic soda. So, we will have 
to see how this all plays out, but fundamentally, if the demand supply remains 
balanced, then we expect it to be a reasonable situation for the coming 
quarters and years. 
Raj Vyas: 
Okay. So, lastly, my question is with respect to the acquisition that we have 
made in Hindustan Speciality Chemicals. So, though it was a loss-making 
company, so why we have picked up a loss-making company? And the second 
question with respect to same is, when do we see the company break even, 
coming to profitability in numbers? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, for us actually, this is a strategic decision and a strategic acquisition. The 
board had approved previously that we will be investing a thousand crore into 
the advanced materials, which is the epoxy business. So, this is the first major 
step in that direction. You are right that today some of the cost structures of 
this organization are not optimal. Luckily for us, with all the backward 
integration that we have, we will have our own ECH, which will move by 
pipeline; we have our own caustic, which will move by pipeline; utilities, which 
are at optimal cost. So, these initiatives or these advantages will help us 
improve the cost structure for the company. And as we grow, so we will look to 
grow, so with growth, we will get benefits of scale, we will cater to new markets, 
which are higher value-added markets. So, we expect this to become an 
important starting point for our advanced materials business. 
Raj Vyas: 
Understood. So, that's it from my side. Thank you for answering my questions. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vignesh Iyer from 
Sequent Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My two questions are from the Shriram Farm 
Solutions Vertical. So, firstly, sir, if I am not wrong, we had launched around 7 
to 8 products last financial year under this segment. I wanted to understand 
how much percentage of our total revenue has come from, I mean, especially 
this growth part of 29% volume has come from our new product launches. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So, the way to look at the new product launches is, as you rightly said, we 
have launched about 17 products in Crop Protection and Crop Nutrition 
Vertical. In Seeds Vertical, within that business, we keep launching new 
products to maintain the life cycle of seeds and to add to the revenue. Now, 
within Crop Protection and Crop Nutrition, these new products that are 
launched, they obviously take time to gather momentum, which is about, let's 
say, it takes about one to two years to gather momentum. So, the way we 
assess and benchmark our success of new products is how they performed 
over the products which have been introduced in the last two, three years, what 
has been the revenue of that. Now, that is, if I see in FY'25, for the full year 
basis, that was about 20% of the products that were launched in last two years. 
Now, that's a very good benchmark. So, generally, industries put that 
benchmark at about 20% to 30% of the revenue. So, we are pretty much there. 
And we are getting more aggressive on that. So, out of those 17 products, 8 
products were launched in Q1. So, yes, we have got a good pipeline. So, we 
look forward. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Also, sir, wanted to understand our capital employed base has almost doubled 
when it comes to Shriram Farm Solutions. So, I wanted to understand, is it 
primarily because of any new capital expenditure that we have done or is it 
because some part of R&D expenses are getting capitalized? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, it is neither of the two. It is essentially all working capital. And it depends 
on the seasonality and various factors of the business. So, they will all be, on 
an average basis, we will be more or less at the same level as last year. But 
the  point is, since we are growing the business, let's say, we are expecting 
higher volumes in research, So, overall, higher volumes in the business and 
therefore, the working capital also is higher, along with some bit of timing 
differences. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. I am considering that Q2 is the strongest quarter among all quarters. 
And do we have enough idea of how the business would be in Q2? Primarily 
because of that, any inventory, stocking, etc. Is it the right way to read it? 
Amit Agarwal: 
If I understood you correctly, you mentioned Q2 is the strongest quarter for 
SFS, right? 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Right. 
Amit Agarwal: 
But actually it is Q3 which is the strongest quarter because some of its major 
products get sold in Q3, Rabi season. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay, got it. That is all from me. 
Aditya Shriram: 
Thank you. 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take follow-up questions from the line of Nirav Jimudia from 
Anvil Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, thanks for the opportunity again. Sir, two clarifications. One on the value-
added products for the caustic chlorine business. So, what does it all include? 
If you can just correct me here. My assumption shows that it also includes our 
flaker plant, hydrogen peroxide, the hydrogen what we sell in the outside 
market, and chlorine derivatives. So, is it the right assumption to work with? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes, that is right. Absolutely that is right. So, the chlorine downstream would 
be epichlorohydrin, aluminum chloride, calcium chloride. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. And, sir, what would be a rough contribution from these value-added 
products in Q1 of FY'26? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, I don't have the numbers right away, but just to mention that caustic and 
flakes, they continue to be the major contributors, and hydrogen; these three 
products continue to be the major contributors. Others that we recently 
introduced, so they are going through their life cycle of market development 
and capacity ramp-up. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, second question is on the chlorine realizations for Q1 of FY'26, because 
last quarter you mentioned that it was close to around Rs. 6.50 negative. So, 
if you can share the similar figures for this quarter as well? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, that's about a similar level. On average, if you put both our Kota and 
Bharuch units together, it's in the same range of around Rs. 6.50-Rs. 7.00 as 
for Q1. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. And, sir, last bit is on the ECH plant. So, what I could make out from 
the annual report is that we are also having our own refined glycerin plant. So, 
we would be importing the crude glycerin, converting it into refined and then 
possibly to ECH. So, I just wanted to understand from you, what sort of benefits 
it could accrue to us if we hadn’t put up this plant and would have bought 
directly the refined glycerin without converting crude to the refined one. If you 
can share your thought process here, it would be very helpful. 
Adity Shriram: 
Sure. So, there is a margin which comes in when you convert from crude 
glycerin to refined glycerin. So, in a way that is like a backward integration for 
us. So, we hope to capture that margin as well and then do further value 
addition to ECH and to epoxy and beyond. So, we will actually be across this 
value chain. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, is it safe to assume that it accrues close to around anywhere between Rs. 
5-10 depending upon the prices of both the products put together. On a run 
rate basis, the benefit of Rs. 5 to Rs. 10 per kg is a benefit which could accrue 
to us if we keep on converting crude to refined glycerin. Is it the right 
assumption to make? 
Aditya Shriram: 
I think it will be hard to share an exact range of numbers at this point. But yes, 
it enables the business to be much more robust and allows us to optimize our 
purchase decisions. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Thank you so much, sir and wish you all the best. 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Aditya Shriram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rohit Nagaraj from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, first 
question is in terms of the capital allocation. Now, we have also gone ahead 
with downstream integration in terms of the inorganic initiative. How are we 
looking at it from an individual business perspective where the incremental 
capital will likely be deployed? And in regards to that, are we building up any 
capabilities in-house to get into maybe further or making inroads into certain 
other streams or other areas? Thank you. 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, the capital allocation, for us the capital-intensive businesses are 
essentially chemicals and sugar and ethanol. So, these are the two capital-
intensive businesses. The other two businesses which are more focused in 
terms of growth are Farm Solutions and Fenesta. There, the capital 
requirement is lower. So, that is point number one. The second is the capital 
allocation can be for organic or inorganic route. And it will all be a function of 
need of the business or growth agenda and the return. So, we have particular 
financial principles or the hurdle rates before we make an investment. So, the 
capital allocation, so there is fundamental which is chemicals, sugar and the 
other two businesses. But then each of the businesses can have the capital 
requirement depending on the opportunity and that becomes the basis to 
decide. But we want to grow all these four businesses very aggressively. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Got that. The second question, historically, we have been only focused from 
the domestic market perspective given all business segments have been 
catering to the domestic market. Is there any change in terms of thought 
process that we are also looking at the exports market? And what gives us 
confidence that we will be able to make our mark in the exports market in any 
of the product streams? Thank you. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, see again, that is again based on the opportunity like what we mentioned 
in Epoxy, we do see export market picking up. And therefore, we have invested 
in Epoxy and we feel that some part of our production will get into exports. But 
yes, we will still continue to be largely a domestic player whatever product we 
have right now. But we are open to opportunities for exports. Like in Fenesta, 
we are growing our exports market in a small way. In Seeds, we are growing 
our export market. So, we are looking at those opportunities. But yes, majority 
still continues to be domestic. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Thanks for answering all the questions and all the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sneha from SKS Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sneha: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to ask a very specific 
question regarding the UP tax on sugar that you talked about. Could you 
elaborate on that a bit more and how much impact did we see? And was it for 
like the companies who are based out of UP? What is the thing that I wanted 
to understand that? 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, there was a nine (9) bench Supreme Court judgment in a particular case 
wherein the Supreme Court decided that the denatured alcohol, which is 
ethanol is kind of denatured alcohol, is at par with the potable alcohol, which 
is fit for human consumption. So, they have put in the same list, which 
empowered the state to levy charges on or regulate the denatured alcohol as 
well. Earlier, the denatured alcohol was in control of the center. So, as soon as 
the judgment came, which also reversed a judgment which came in 1990. So, 
the UP State Government, they came out with a notification to levy 1% export 
duty on any ethanol, which is exported out of the State of Uttar Pradesh with a 
retrospective from 2018. So, that's where it stands. Now, we are looking at the 
legal recourse if available. So, we will take it accordingly as an industry. 
Sneha: 
So, this was the first quarter we were impacted by that? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, because we made a provision on a conservative basis because the 
demand also was raised by the state. Also, we have not paid the demands. But 
on a conservative basis, we thought we will account for it from 2018. So, this 
entire amount that we have mentioned in our results, about 36-37 crore, 
pertains to amount from 2018 onwards till date. 
Sneha: 
That's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the follow-up questions from the line of Ahmed Madha 
from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. The Farm Solution business, I had a 
question. What I understand as our portfolio today is still majority wheat and 
rabi focused. Is there any thinking on building a Kharif crop portfolio and any 
views on the same please? 
Ajay Shriram: 
Our entire range of products of seeds, we are expanding it continuously. So, 
at the moment, wheat is, of course, the major crop. Research wheat, which is 
the major crop which we are selling, but we are also getting into vegetables in 
a stronger way. We are also getting into other crops in a stronger way. So, our 
plan is to have a range of products which will be able to be sold throughout the 
course of the year, depending on the seasonal requirements based on the 
planting season. So, we are going to expand our range. We are moving ahead 
with that. And that's part of our growth plan. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And if I may just add, it is also that there are two other verticals which we want 
to grow little more aggressively than what they are right now. So, even plant 
nutrition, where we set up our own manufacturing about a year back and crop 
protection. There also we started our own formulation unit on a lease basis. 
So, I think we will focus on them as well to grow a little more aggressively. So, 
I think that will balance out the revenue quarter on quarter. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And for the CAPEX part, obviously we made two good acquisitions for 
Hindustan Specialty and DNV Global. On the organic side with the renewable 
power plant, aluminum chloride capacity and Fenesta, what will be the broad 
organic CAPEX expected in FY'26? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, you are saying in terms of the cash outflow on organic CAPEX? 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, cash outflow. 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, so that should be in the range of around Rs. 600 crore to Rs. 700 crore. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Can you give the break-up of the same, if possible? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, about Rs. 300 odd crore is on aluminum chloride and calcium chloride. 
And I think about Rs. 100 crore should be on aluminum extrusion and then 
there will be few others. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay, got it. That's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pujan Shah from 
Molecule Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Pujan Shah: 
Sir, just continuation with the previous question. So, let's suppose I understand 
the carbide. We manufacture PVC from the carbide route and let's suppose the 
RM prices remain the same. And let's suppose the ADD comes through the 
place and let's suppose the hypothetical example that the price of what we 
have assumed of Rs. 6 - Rs. 7 per kg becomes a realization for us. So, do you 
think that we can make an EBITDA margin of 5%-7% on a blended basis 
assuming capacity utilization remains 100%? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So, see, even today, even in Q1, my EBITDA margin was about 7%. So, 
I think it should only increase from here by about 4%-5% if the prices grow by 
Rs. 6 – Rs. 7. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay. So, there won't be any hike in the RM for the PVC, right? Right now, 
because for the enough capacity has been available for RM purposes. So, that 
makes better sense so that at least our EBITDA margin would reach around 
10%-11% once ADD comes into place. 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, in our business, both input prices are largely the carbon prices. It's 
anybody's guess that what they should be. We would always expect them to 
be stable. So, it's very difficult to say whether RM prices will remain at these 
levels or not. We do work on improving efficiencies and improving our cost 
structures. But input rates can vary. 
Pujan Shah: 
Right, got it. And my last question on the caustic soda part. So, we have seen 
a price increase. So, could you state a reason? So, do you think it's a structural 
and that this price would be stable from here on or it might impact because the 
industry is already running at 80% capacity utilization and we are also 
operating at 80%. Now, the industry doesn't have more room to at least grow 
i.e. increase in the capacity because that will give more chlorine and that will 
impact the margins ultimately. So, do you feel that the price will remain stable 
from here on and might inch-up in the coming quarters? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, it's of course hard to predict how prices will evolve for commodities 
including caustic soda. There are many factors including domestic and global 
factors at play. But we do expect prices again in the medium term to be range 
bound or to move up in the medium term. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay, thank you so much. That is all my side. 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your participation 
in our earnings conference call. In a world marked by economic fragmentation, 
shifting trade flows and geopolitical instability, businesses must remain agile 
and forward-looking. 
Our company is well positioned to capitalize on these strengths. We have 
consistently invested to expand capacities, improve integration and enhance 
competitiveness across sectors. We harness digital platforms and embedding 
sustainability across operations. Our recently concluded CAPEX program sets 
the stage for the next chapter of volume-driven profitable growth, anchored in 
operational excellence and a strong balance sheet. Thank you very much once 
again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DCM Shriram Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
