 
SKF India Limited 
Registered office: Chinchwad, Pune 411 033, Maharashtra, India 
Tel: +91 (20) 6611 2500, Fax no: +91 (20) 6611 2396, Web: www.skf.com, Email id: investorIndia@skf.com 
CIN: L29130PN1961PLC213113 
 
 
Date:  21st July 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, 
G Block, Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051, 
Maharashtra, India 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400001, Maharashtra, India 
NSE Scrip Code – SKFINDIA  
BSE Scrip Code -500472  
 
Subject:     Intimation for transcript of NCLT Convened Meeting of Equity Shareholders   
                 held on 14th July 2025 at 11:30 AM (IST). 
 
Reference: Our Intimation dated 15th July 2025 for Video link of NCLT Convened Meeting     
                    of Equity Shareholders held on 14th July 2025.   
 
Dear Sir/Mam, 
 
Pursuant to Clause 15(b)(iii) of Schedule III, Part A, Para A read with Regulation 30 (2), Regulation 
30 (6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended 
from time to time) (“SEBI LODR”), please find enclosed herewith transcript of NCLT convened 
meeting of Equity shareholders held on Monday, 14th July 2025 via VC/OAVM at 11:30 AM IST 
The same will be available shortly on the website of the company for the convenience of the 
shareholders at the below-mentioned link: https://www.skf.com/in/investors/shareholder-
information. 
 
The above is for your information and record. You are hereby requested to disseminate the same 
on your respective websites. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For SKF India Limited 
 
 
___________________ 
Ranjan Kumar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Digitally signed by RANJAN KUMAR
DN: cn=RANJAN KUMAR, o=Personal, 
email=RANJAN.KUMAR@SKF.COM
Date: 2025.07.21 18:46:42 +05'30'
RANJAN 
KUMAR

 
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 
Good morning, everybody and good morning to all the shareholders who are present online. I welcome 
you all to this NCLT convened meeting of equity shareholders of SKF India Limited. I would like to 
mention that this meeting has been convened through video conferencing and other audio-visual 
modes in compliance of the orders of the NCLT Mumbai bench passed on 04th of June 2025 for the 
purpose of considering the scheme of arrangement between SKF India Limited, SKF India (Industrial) 
Limited and the respective shareholders and creditors as per the provisions of Section 230-232 and 
other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.  
I am Kuldeep Kumar Kareer. I have been appointed as chairperson of this meeting by the Honorable 
National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai. Before beginning with the proceedings of the meeting, I 
would like to introduce the board of directors and other officers of the Company who are present 
online. I will call out their names and they will introduce themselves. Ms. Anu Wakhlu.  
Ms. Anu Wakhlu 
Namaste. I am Anu Wakhlu, Independent Director of the Company. I'm also the chairperson of the 
Audit Committee, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Risk 
Management Committee, Stakeholder Relationship Committee, and Corporate Social Responsibility 
committee. I am participating in this meeting from Pune, Maharashtra, India.  
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 
Thank you, Ms. Anu. Mr. Gopal Subramanyam. 
Mr. Gopal Subramanyam  
Namaste, good morning to all of you. I am Gopal Subramanyam, Independent Director of your 
Company. I am also the Chairperson of the Board of SKF India Limited, the Risk Management 
Committee and Stakeholder Relationship Committee. Besides, I am also a member of Audit 
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and CSR Committee.  I am joining this meeting 
from Pune, Maharashtra, India. Thank you. 
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 
Thank you, Mr. Gopal. Ms. Kerstin Enochsson.  
Please, uh...  
Ms. Krestin Enochsson 
So once again, namaste and good morning. Kerstin Enochsson is my name. I'm President Automotive 
at SKF. I'm Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director. I'm calling in from Sweden and I'm also 
member of the Audit Committee. Thank you. 
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 
Thank you, Ms. Kerstin. Mr. Joakim Landholm. 
Mr. Joakim Landholm  
Hi everyone, my name is Joakim Landholm. I'm the group, I'm heading up group operations in SKF 
Group. I am a Non-Executive and Non-independent board member of SKF India. I'm also a member of 
the Nomination and Remuneration committee of the Company and I am attending this meeting from 
Stockholm, Sweden.  
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 

 
Thank you, Mr. Joakim. Mr. Mukund Vasudevan.  
Please check your audio.  
Mr. Mukund Vasudevan 
Here I go again. Good morning, everyone. Namaste. I am Mukund Vasudevan, Managing Director of 
your Company. I am the Chairperson of the CSR committee and a member of the Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee and Risk Management Committee of the Company. I'm participating in this 
meeting from Pune, Maharashtra.  
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 
Thank you, Mr. Vasudevan. Mr. Shailesh Kumar Sharma.  
Please check your audio, you are not audible.  
Mr. Shailesh Kumar Sharma 
Hello, Namaste.  
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 
Yes.  
Mr. Shailesh Kumar Sharma 
I am Shailesh Kumar Sharma,  Whole-Time Director of your Company. I am also a member of the Risk 
Management Committee of the Company. I am attending this meeting from Pune, Maharashtra, India.  
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 
Thank you, Mr. Shailesh. Mr. Ranjan Kumar.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Good morning, everyone. I'm Ranjan Kumar. I am the Company t Secretary and Compliance Officer of 
your Company. And I'm joining this meeting from Pune, Maharashtra, India.  
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 
Thank you Mr. Ranjan. Thank you all of you. Mr. Ashish Saraf  whos is Chief Financial Officer of the 
company. He was also supposed to join but he could not join this meeting due to some personal 
exigency. The company has made all possible arrangements under the current circumstances to enable 
the members to effectively participate in this meeting through video conferencing facility and to cast 
their vote electronically.  
Now I would request Mr. Ranjan Kumar, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company 
to please check and confirm whether the quorum for this meeting is there and also share, some vital 
information about this meeting with the shareholders. Over to Mr. Ranjan Kumar.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Thank you, Honorable Chairman. After looking at the number of shareholders present at this meeting, 
I confirm that the requisite quorum as required under the law for this meeting is present. As per 
various circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs and SEBI from time to time, the participation 
of the shareholders who have joined this meeting through video conferencing has also been 
considered for the purpose of computing quorum. Shareholders, please note that this meeting is also 
being attended by our statutory auditors, M/s Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP; our secretarial auditors, 
M/s J.B. Bhave & Co.; our cost auditors; as well as the Scrutinizer appointed by the Honorable National 

 
Company Law Tribunal (NCLT). Now a brief announcement for the convenience of the shareholders. 
All shareholders who have been joining, who have joined this meeting are being put on mute mode by 
default just to avoid any background noise and to ensure a smooth and seamless proceedings of this 
meeting. The shareholders who have registered themselves as speaker, they will be allowed to speak 
when their names are announced with the request to speak. Once the names are announced, their 
audio and video facility will be opened accordingly. Shareholders may further note that the recorded 
video of the proceedings of this meeting and the transcript of it would be uploaded on the website of 
the company. This would also be uploaded on the stock exchanges where the shares of the companies 
are listed, which is BSE Limited and National Stock, National NSE Limited in due Course. .  
Now a quick information about voting inspection and speaker shareholders. I would like to inform the 
shareholders that in compliance with the provisions of the applicable laws, and various circulars issued 
by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and SEBI, the shareholders were provided the facility to cast their 
votes through remote e-voting platform, which was open from 10th July, which was Thursday, 10th  July 
2025, which was Thursday from 9 a.m. Indian Standard Time till 13th July 2025, which was Sunday, till 
5 p.m. Indian Standard Time.  
The facility of casting an e-vote is also available to the members during this meeting. The shareholders 
who have not casted their vote using the remote e-voting platform but are present in this meeting can 
cast the vote during this meeting. E-voting facility is currently active and it will remain active till 15 
minutes from the conclusion of this meeting. If the shareholder has already casted his or her vote, 
using remote e-voting facility, then he or she will not be allowed to pass their votes during this meeting.  
Shareholders whose name I mean this is about the shareholders who are qualified to cast their vote 
so the shareholders whose name appeared on the register of member as on the cutoff date which was 
07th July 2025 as was indicated in the notice also. These are the people who are eligible to cast their 
vote for this business since this meeting is being convened through video conferencing. There will not 
be any vote by show of hands  
Now, I would also like to apprise the shareholders about the Scrutinizer. The Honorable NCLT has 
appointed Mr. Kewal Mahindra Shah of M/s Kewal Mahindra Shah & Associates as the Scrutinizer for 
scrutinizing the votes cast by the shareholders in a fair and transparent manner. They are also attending 
this meeting through video conferencing. The combined results of the remote e-voting and the e-
voting conducted during this meeting will be declared by the Company after the receipt of the 
Scrutinizer’s Report. The results will be published on the Company’s website, www.skf.com, it would  
also be uploaded on the website of NCLT at www.evoting.NSDL.com. It will also be sent to the stock 
exchanges where the shares of the company are listed, which is BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited in  due course within the prescribed time as given in the law.  
Now we move on to take the resolution contained in the notice, but before requesting Honorable 
Chairman to take up the resolution, I would like to reiterate the process of taking the query and 
questions from the shareholders, which was anyway explained in the notice which has been circulated 
to the shareholders. This being a virtual meeting, only the following members will be entitled to share 
their views and questions as was explained in the notice as well. Number one, the shareholders who 
have already registered themselves as speakers as on a before 04th of July 2025 as per the process 
explained in the notice. And also, the members who have expressed their views and have shared their 
questions in advance on the designated email address which was included in the notice by 04th of July 
2025. The process of both of the enrolments was given in the notice, which has been floated to the 
shareholders. For others, if you have any questions, please do direct those questions to our registered 
email ID, which is investorsindia@skf.com. We'll try to reply your questions over email unless the same 
has already been addressed in this meeting. With this, I would hand back, hand over back to honorable 
chairman for taking up the resolutions.  
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 

 
Thank you, Mr. Ranjan. Now we would briefly discuss the agenda of this meeting. On the requisite 
quorum, which we have come to know from Mr. Ranjan that it is complete, so I declare the meeting 
open and to order. The documents mentioned in the explanatory statement are open for inspection 
electronically on the website of the company that is www.SKF.com. In accordance with the directions 
set out in the order of the Honourable National Company Law Tribunal and in compliance with the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs circulars, the notice of this meeting along with the documents mentioned 
in the explanatory statement have already been sent through email to such equity shareholders whose 
email addresses were registered in the records available in the company as on 30th May 2025. The 
shareholders may further note that notice of the NCLT convened meeting along with its annexures  
was also sent to the members via email dated 07th June 2025. A copy of the notice and the 
accompanying documents were also placed and are still there on the website of the company, the 
website of NSDL , being the agency appointed by the company to provide e-voting facilities for the 
meeting and the website of the stock exchanges, that is BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited on 07th June, 2025. The notice convening this meeting was duly published through an 
advertisement in newspapers on 09th June 2025 i.e. Financial Express all editions, Business Standard 
Pune edition, Economic Times and Mint in English language and Lok Satta Pune in Marathi edition. 
That was also in compliance with the relevant rules and the directions of the Honorable NCLT.  
Considering the same, with your permission, the notice of the meeting and other company documents 
is being taken as read. Let me now briefly apprise you with the scheme of arrangement which we are 
considering through this meeting, which has been placed upon the shareholders for your approval in 
this meeting. This meeting is placed in pursuance to the provisions of Section 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act and inter alia  provide for the following. Demerger includes 
transfer and vesting of the demerged undertaking i.e. industrial business from SKF India Limited, the 
demerged company, into the SKF India (Industrial) Limited., the resulting company, on a going concern 
basis and issue of equity shares by the resulting company to the equity shareholders of the demurred 
company in consideration thereof in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Section 2, Subsection 19A of the Income Tax Act 1961 and to, various other matters consequential or 
otherwise integrally connected therewith. Including reduction and cancellation of the entire pre-
scheme share capital of the resulting company. The rationale of the scheme is mentioned on page 
number 29 and 30 of the notice and explanatory statement which has already been circulated to you. 
The appointed date is the same as the effective date and or such other data may be mutually decided 
by the board of the demerged  company and the resulting company. Effective date means the day on 
which the last of the conditions specified in clause 24, conditionality of this scheme is complied with 
or otherwise duly waived as applicable in accordance with this scheme. 
For the purpose of the demerger of the demerged  undertaking from the merge company to resulting 
company, based on the share entitlement ratio report of M/S . PwC Business Consulting Services who 
are registered valuers and the report dated 24th December 2024. The resulting company will issue one 
fully paid-up equity share of Rs. 10/- each for every one fully paid-up equity share of Rs. 10/- held in 
the demerged company. M/S Saffron Capital Advisers Private Limited, an independent SEBI-registered 
merchant banker, in their fairness opinion dated 25th December 2024, has opined that the share 
entitlement ratio is fair and reasonable. Upon the effectiveness of the Scheme and subject to receipt 
of necessary approvals. The equity shares of the resulting company issued as consideration to the 
shareholders of the company in terms of the scheme will also be listed on BSE Limited and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited. The scheme is subject to receipt of approvals from the Honorable 
National Company Law Tribunal and other regulatory authorities. So, the agenda item on which your 
vote today is required is to approve the scheme of arrangement between the company and the 
resulting company and their respective shareholders and creditors under sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the companies at 2013. With this, as we have gone through the agenda items 
of this NCLT convened meeting, I thank the members for their participation.  

 
Now I will request the Company Secretary Mr. Ranjan Kumar to invite the members who have 
registered themselves as speakers. He will announce their names and on announcement of their 
names the audio and video facility of the respective members will be opened. I would like to request 
the members to be kindly brief and summarize their views and questions in just two minutes so that 
all the members get ample opportunity of expressing their views and raise their queries and questions. 
The questions raised by the speakers will be addressed once all the speakers have concluded with their 
queries. In interest of time, I request again to all the speakers to kindly confine their queries and 
questions only with respect to the agenda item which is there before us. That is the approval of the 
scheme.  
Now I would request Mr. Ranjan to kindly facilitate the question-and-answer session and call the 
shareholders in order of their registration as speakers to raise their queries. Thank you and over to Mr. 
Ranjan.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Thank you, Honorable Chairman. In the interest of time and for the benefit of other shareholders, I'll 
repeat again. I'll keep a time check as well and request the shareholders to confine their questions and 
you in two minutes. With this, let's go to our first speaker shareholder, which is Ms. Prakashini Shenoy. 
Can we have her on the screen, please? Ms. Prakashini Shenoy. Ms. Shenoy, are you able to hear me?  
Ms. Prakashini Shenoy 
Am I audible, sir? Am I audible?  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Yes, ma'am. You are audible.  
Ms. Prakashini Shenoy 
Thank you, Thank you, sir. I'm Prakashini Ganesh Shenoy from Bombay. Chairman, sir, since we are 
meeting for the first time, I wish one and all happy, healthy, wealthy, and prosperous 2025. Respected 
Honorable Chairman appointed by the NCLT, other dignitaries on the board, and my fellow 
shareholders, good morning to all of you. I received the EGM report. EGM notice well in time, which is 
self-explanatory. I thank Mr. Ranjan Kumar, Company Secretary and Ms. Mayuri for the same. I should 
not forget to thank Ms. Mayuri once again for reminding me of today's meeting without which I 
wouldn't be in a position to speak. Thank you, Ms. Mayuri once again. The chairman has given a 
beautiful picture regarding the company and its NCLT matter. Sir, thank you very much for the same. 
Sir, I have just one or two questions My first question is what is the cost of whole merger process and 
how much time will it take to complete the process? my second question is what about the staff 
whether they will be allowed to continue or otherwise? And the last question is how it is beneficial to 
the shareholders? Chairman, last but not the least, my personal request to you, please continue with 
VC so that people all over will have an opportunity to express their views. I wish the company good 
luck for the bright future and pray God that the profit of the company shall reach the peak in due 
course. Sir, I strongly and wholeheartedly support all the resolutions put forth in today's meeting. 
Thank you, Chairman Sir.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Thank you so much, Ms. Shenoy. We noted your questions. With this, we move to the next speaker 
shareholder, which is Mr. Bimbal Kumar Agarwal. Can we have Mr. Agarwal on the screen, please? Mr. 
Agarwal, can you hear us?  
Mr. Bimal Kumar Agarwal 
Hello. Can you hear me?  

 
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Yes, sir.  
Mr. Bimal Kumar Agarwal  
You can hear me.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Yes, Mr. Agarwal.  
Mr. Bimal Kumar Agarwal 
Thank you. First of all, I thank the company secretary Mr. Ranjan Kumar and his team and also Mayuri 
Kulkarni for reminding us. Ms. Shenoy has told that she also just reminded 9.30 around. Thank you for 
that. And already my question was already raised by just now by Shenoy. I got no question to ask and 
I have already voted for the same. Thank you very much and I also agree that you continue the video 
conference in future. That's all from me. Thank you very much and try to arrange a plant visit if you 
don't mind.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Thank you. Noted your suggestion and we'll soon come back to you on that. Especially on the plant 
visit. With this, can we go to our next speaker shareholder, is Mr. Himanshu Trivedi.  
Mr. Trivedi, can you hear us?  
Mr. Himanshu Trivedi 
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm audible?  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Yes, sir. You're audible? Yes, sir. You're audible. Please go on.  
Mr. Himanshu Trivedi 
Hello. Good morning. Respect the NCLT's chairman, Kuldeep Kumar Kareer, my fellow shareholders, 
myself, Himanshu Trivedi from Maldhra, Gujarat State. Sir, first of all, I'm thankful to our company 
secretary, Ranjan Kumar, for sending me a soft copy of the NCLT report, which is full of information 
and fact-checking are in place, which is easy to follow and easy to understand. So, I am thankful to you 
and your entire secretarialteam. Sir, I don't have much question because I have already faith on board 
and they are working. I support all the agenda items. I have sent my few questions through the email. 
Still, I have few questions which is, I have first query sir. What step would be taken new management 
for old employees of the company? And my second query is, sir, who paid legal and other charges? 
Rest, nothing, thank you for allowing me to speak. I support all resolution agenda item. I wish good 
luck and bright future for the coming financial year. Thank you, sir. 
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Thank you, Mr. Trivedi. Thank you so much. Then we move to the next speaker shareholder, which is 
Ms. Lekha Shah. Can we have Ms. Lekha Shah please on the stream?  
Miss Shah, can you hear us?  Mr. Lekasha, can you?  
Ms. Lekha Shah  
Sir, can I? Am I audible?  

 
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Yes, ma'am. You're audible. Please go on.  
Ms. Lekha Shah  
Thank you, Respect the chairman, sir. Board of Directors and my fellow members, good morning. And 
regards to everyone, myself, Lekasha from Mumbai. First of all, I would like to thank our company 
secretary, Mr. Ranjan Kumar Ji, especially madam Mayuri, for giving me this opportunity and for 
smooth process where I'm able to talk in front of you all in EGMs. I found the EGM notice and I'm 
delighted to say it's really useful with lot of information. Chairman sir, your opening remarks were so 
insightful and comprehensive that all the day address everything I had in mind. I have complete rest 
and faith in our board of directors, chairman, sir. There is no question, sir. Once again, I would like to 
specially thank Mayuri Madam for being in touch always I am a regular speaker in the company, sir. Or 
I totally agree with my previous speakers, Bimal Kumar Agarwal, Prakashini Shenoy . Please continue 
video conference meeting in future. So, I strongly and wholeheartedly support the  special resolution 
for today's meeting. Thank you so much. 
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Thank you so much, Ms. Shah. We noted your suggestion or request of plant visit and we'll organize 
that soon. Then we move to our next speaker shareholder, is Mr. Haritima Joshi. Can we have Mr. Joshi 
on the call, please?  
Female voice 
Sir, this speaker has not joined the meeting.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Okay. We move to the next speaker shareholder, which is Mr. Ravindra Purohit. Can we have him on 
call, please?  Mr. Purohit, can you hear us?  
Mr. Ravindra Purohit 
Yes, I can. Am I audible?  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Yes, sir, you're audible.  
Mr. Ravindra Purohit 
Yeah, hi. Good morning, gentlemen. And thanks for this. And first of all, we'd like to congratulate and 
have wholeheartedly supported this demerger initiative that SKF Group is undertaking. And also 
appreciate the initiatives that we've taken over the last one or two months where we've had a lot of 
con calls and analyst meets, and there are a lot of material already available. So just a couple of 
questions regarding this. So once this demerger, our peer Schaeffler group actually merged everything 
into one single entity, whereas we are going the other way around. And of course, SKF group itself has 
decided on this breakup. we are totally OK with that. The question is, we will now have three entities 
in India. There is already an unlisted entity that we have in Ahmedabad, the SKF engineering and 
lubrication, right? And post this, you'll have two more entities. Does it really make sense when we are 
trying to uncomplicate structures globally? But in India, we will actually have three companies and 
shareholders will always be kind of second guessing where, do you know, the company's interest lie, 
of course, the listed entity being the largest one, I'm assuming that will that's where the shareholder 
alignment and interest would also lie. But, it will just like life make life easier if, if there was more clarity 
on the structure and the path that the group is planning to take, right? And the second question was, 
you know, sir, between the six months back, right, when we had done a couple of con calls and now 

 
when at the time of demerger, there has been a significant change in in our CAPEX outlook. Right. I 
think earlier we were effectively doing about 100, 150 odd crore CAPEX, but closer to the demerger 
and the last two calls that we have had specific to demerger, we have significantly raised our guidance 
on CAPEX from about, you know, 150 odd crores over the last three-year average to now taking it 
almost to 350 crores to 400 crore per annum basis, right? And we've put out in our presentation as 
well. So, what has kind of happened between then and now for us to kind of, know, warrant this very 
large change in our CAPEX? If you could address both  of these questions, that would be very helpful 
for us. Thank you. And once again, I completely support the demerger and we have kind of voted in 
favor of the same. Thank you so much.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Purohit. And we really noted your question and also the suggestion of 
bringing more clarity and structure. We'll go back to this question. With this we move to our last 
speaker shareholder which is Mr. Jahangir Batiwala. Can we have him on the call please?  
Mr. Batiwala, can you hear us?  
Mr. Jahangir Batiwala 
Can you hear me? 
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Yeah, we can hear you now.  
Mr. Jahangir Batiwala 
Okay, sir. Nothing more to speak because already a has been spoken. Good morning to all the 
dignitaries on VC platform. Just one question is that now I was listening to the last speaker. Now, 
Schaeffler  also is our group company. So now, what is the business model? What will be the business 
model? And how are we going to go ahead in the future? Like, we'll be holding shares of two 
companies. So kindly clarify this and if possible, a factory visit is if it is due. Thank you.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Thank you Mr. Batiwala. Well noted your request of factory visit and will speak about the clarity as to 
how would these two entities would look like you hold share in both entities. We'll address that now. 
Good with this. With this we are done with all speaker shareholders. Reference back to under the 
chairman.  
Female voice 
So, speaker number five has joined the meeting.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Oh, that's great. Then let's let him be let him be on the call. Mr. Haritima Joshi, can we have him on 
the call please?  
Mr. Joshi, can you hear us?  
Mr. Haritima Joshi 
Hello. Yeah, Mr. Joshi. Hi, this is Nikhil Upadhyay. I'm a joint account holder. I just had a couple of 
questions. One is on the structure, as one of the earlier participants highlighted, I think we have a 
range of other entities, group entities in India, and especially in industrial business. So, are there any 
thoughts in terms of simplifying the ownership structure and merging all under one single ownership? 
That is one. And secondly, if you look at in the auto also, you know, if you look at some of the other 

 
group, other competitors in the space, over a period they've expanded and added several other 
product categories, bearing, bearing allied, allied products in bearing and then other product 
categories in the auto space. So, post restructuring, is there any thoughts on portfolio addition, you 
know, for, you know, the residual auto business under SKF? That is second. Third is, you know, can you 
just give some more color in terms of the market position in major end segments for us? Both in 
automotive and industrial, what kind of a market share we have now, you know, in major end 
applications or segments, be it industrial, automotive, versus three to five years back. So, parent in 
their presentation give out a very detailed market position, you know, be it an industrial, be it 
electronics, aerospace. So, for us, you know, can you give some sense, is our market position there?  
Other than that, I have a few questions on the aftermarket piece, whether it be auto and industrial. 
And the question here is, if I look at last three to five years, we have taken several initiatives, be it on 
distribution, network expansion or serviceability of product. if I look at the product segment growth, 
and if I compare to our competitive competitors, then we've seen some bit of muted performance 
there. So just trying to understand, know, what really transpires is pricing limitation for us or is it longer 
led times? Because somewhere we also had a dedicated distribution center based in India, but growth 
service not picked up to the level where we think, you know, an added question is, you know, if we can 
elaborate on the value edge platform, which we have launched and how do it differentiate what is of 
other offering in the marketplace? And one more question is, if I look at a network, both be it 
automotive or industrial, how has it grown over the last three, four years, and how do we look to grow 
in coming years? In industry, if you look at parent, they were very leading positions globally in 
aerospace, defence, electronics, and semiconductor applications. So, for India, entity, do we have any 
presence in any of these segments? And if we do then what kind of revenue contribution these 
contribute currently?  
And in the upcoming localization which we talk about, do we have any plans for localization for these 
segments? Last two questions I had, one is on the automotive. We talk about hybrid bearing, we also 
talk about advanced sensorized bearings now, especially in the solution offerings. So, what kind of a 
content we're talking about versus current product component sale of a bearing we would have to any 
OE. And are these localized? Last two questions were on the management. So, in terms of incentive 
structure for the top management, what would that be? Is there any ESOP plan for them? And what 
would be the KRAs these link to?  
And last is on the cash. How would the cash be distributed between the two entities? So just one more. 
Parent has established recently a global competency center in India for IT and digital solutions. So, will 
that be a part of the listed entities? These are the questions I just request you to answer each of them 
in detail.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Joshi. So, with this, we concluded all speaker shareholders who got 
themselves registered for the questions or sharing their views. I hand over back to you, Mr. Chairman.  
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 
Thank you Mr. Ranjan and thank you all the shareholders who took time to raise very pertinent 
questions. Now I would request the Managing Director Mr. Mukund Vasudevan to kindly respond to 
the questions raised by the shareholders.  
Mr. Mukund Vasudevan 
Thank you, Honorable Chairperson and thank you all shareholders for your questions. I will do my best 
now to answer these questions and I would request support from Mr. Ranjan Kumar and Mr. Shailesh 
Kumar Sharma to support me in some of these where they will have additional information to share. 

 
The first question I have listed down is what is the cost of this whole demerger and the timeline. I'd 
request Mr. Ranjan Kumar if he could briefly touch upon this.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Sure. Sure. I'll start with the timeline. The way this was presented even in the last investor call as well, 
we are still targeting to conclude the process of demerger when we need to obtain the approval of 
NCLT by the by Q4 2025. We seem to be on track at this point of time. But as you know, NCLT process 
is something which is not in the control of the company. So, all the estimation, all the targets are 
subject to the approvals, which we expecting from NCLT. So, on a high-level timeline, we expect to the 
NCLT approval somewhere September and October months post which we go for the listing and we 
want to conclude the whole process before Q4 2025. That's the high-level target we have taken as a 
management team and we seem to be on track on that. Now coming on the cost of team merger, we 
are still in the process of accumulation. As you know, it's a complex project primarily because the 
businesses both automotive and industrial, they are so deeply integrated that having two independent 
businesses is a complex process. We are still in the process of really quantifying the cost of the 
demerger, but we'll soon come back to the shareholders when we have some clear data around that. 
Mukund, back to you.  
Mr. Mukund Vasudevan 
Yeah. So, the second question was, how will this be beneficial to shareholders, this demerger? As you 
all know, and we have stated in our calls with investors and the shareholders and with to Sebi, the 
purpose of this demerger is to create two fits for purpose companies, are independently world-class 
companies. So, both the automotive and industrial, the idea is that we will create two companies which 
are tuned to serve the market needs or the customer needs, tuned in their business model to serve 
the automotive or industrial segments. And also, the internal manufacturing processes will be tuned 
so that we can serve our customers better. And finally, even innovation will be tailored to what the 
customers want in industrial or automotive.  
The net result of all of that, our aspiration is that we will create two companies which are more 
profitable and can grow faster. So that is the overall intention and that as a result should create more 
shareholder values to both the automotive and industrial shareholders.  
If I move on, Mr. Bimal Agarwal didn't have any questions. Mr. Himanshu Trivedi had two questions. I'll 
take the second one first. Who will be paying for the legal charges for this demerger process? Mr. 
Ranjan Kumar, if you could answer that one.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
No, sure. So currently what we are doing is the whole cost is being built by the SKF India Limited 
because it's the demerger is being initiated by the listed entity. However, since it doesn't matter where 
does the cost exist, be it in automotive or industrial entity, the reason being the shareholders are 
getting one is to one. So technically with the same ownership, we are splitting the businesses too. But 
just to answer your question, currently the costs are being built in the listed entity, which is SKF India 
Limited, which is in the process of demerger.  
Mr. Mukund Vasudevan 
Thank you, Mr. Kumar. And the first question from Mr. Trivedi was what steps will new management 
take for the old employees through the process of this demerger? As you know, SKF is a company which 
cares deeply for all its employees and values their contributions. As we said, in India, we are trying to 
create two companies which will grow faster and become more profitable. So, the intention here is to 
make sure that the employees are taken care of. are split in who is working with automotive and who 
is working with industrial. And they will take the company forward. And we really make sure that the 
two companies are fit for purpose and work towards what the customers need. There is no, I think the 

 
caring nature of the company towards its employees will continue whether it is automotive or 
industrial.  
Okay, Ms. Lekha Shah did not have any questions other than continue with VCs and factory visits and 
encouraged for factory visits, which we will continue to do. Mr. Ravindra Purohit had a question that 
there will be once the demerger is done, there will be three entities. Does it make sense? And is there 
any plan in the future to merge these entities?  
The suggestion from Mr. Purohit was merging them will create some clarity in structure and also clarity 
on where the interests of the company lie. At this point, we are going through the demerger process. 
As you know, this is very complex process. are, especially because we are also splitting factories into 
automotive and industrial. So, we do not want to complicate this, any kind of the process at this point. 
We want to go through the demerger. Any future decisions on merging entities will be made at a later 
date once the demerger process is completed. But at this point, the demerger is the focus. There are 
no other thoughts to merge the entities. That said, we will come back to you if something, our thought 
changes on that. But at this point, there is no such intention.  
As far as where our interest lies, our interests clearly lie with the shareholders and we intend to 
continue to do that with both automotive and industrial shareholders in the future. will continue to 
work towards, our management will continue to work towards making sure that we build these two 
fits for purpose companies and we are aligned with our shareholders in where we want to take the 
companies.  
The second question from Mr. Purohit was there's a significant change in CAPEX outlook from around 
150 crore a year going up to almost 400 crore a year. What has caused this change? There are two 
main reasons for this change. One is the macro in India where we believe we need more capacity to 
serve the growing demand, whether it is automotive demand or industrial demand. The infrastructure 
needs or the consumer needs or the commercial vehicle needs, all these are driving more demand and 
we need more capacity. So, one of it is purely capacity expansion, which we are accelerating. The 
second is that we are building a second factory for the industrial business and that itself will involve a 
little bit of... Starting 27-28 will increase the amount of CAPEX. So that will be as I said a fit for purpose 
industrial factory tailored specifically for industrial. So those are the two main reasons for the CAPEX 
Delta or the increase URC.  
Okay, Mr. Jehangir Batiwala had asked two questions. One is, what is the business model going to be 
like in the future? connected with that was, since all shareholders will be holding two shares in two 
companies, will the business model be different? And the answer to the question is, the business 
model will become more, as I said, fit for purpose, will become tailored more to automotive, tailored 
more to industrial for the two shares, for the two entities. So as, which means the business model 
includes everything from how do we, how do we manufacture? Automotive has, is larger batch sizes 
and more lean manufacturing. Industrial does a lot more different segments, different industry 
verticals, smaller batch sizes. So again, manufacturing processes will be different. Innovation in 
automotive is now tailored towards a lot more. As we see the macro industry trends there, electric 
vehicles are growing. The last mile delivery with commercial vehicles is growing.  
So those are macro drivers in automotive, whereas macro drivers in industrial are driven by 
infrastructure growth, which has a ripple effect on all the cement, steel, power. And again, there will 
be fit for purpose bearings, which will be created and manufactured for these industries. So, the 
business model should be slightly different. While we have been tailoring to both these industries, the 
business models will evolve to make both the entities world class and high performing.  
All right, I will then switch to Mr. Nikhil Upadhyay, who is representing Mr. Haritima Joshi. The first 
question was around the structure, and I think we have already answered that. Is there a thought to 
merge into one? The second question was automotive. Is there a plan to add more product categories 

 
in automotive? Yes, there is. We are continuously looking at what additional product categories do we 
want to add in automotive. And I believe through this demerger, we will have more opportunity to 
look at it more closely and say, what else can we add to the portfolio in automotive so that we can add 
more value to our customers. Third question was around market share and how are we doing three 
years ago to now? I don't have specific figures right now to share, but happy to discuss this more. 
overall, our data based on BMI, is the Bearing Manufacturing Index, it tells us that our market share 
has been fairly steady in India over the last three years. There are pockets where we have grown and 
pockets where we have probably not grown as much. But those are conscious calls. We have walked 
away from business where the profitability was not high. We have also gained business where we have 
localized more content and localized more manufacturing. So would say across all our major segments, 
we have been, we have taken conscious calls, but overall, if you look at it, our market share has been 
fairly steady, both in automotive and in industry over the last three years.  
Okay, aftermarket growth was the next question. Both on auto and industrial and the question was 
why has the growth been picked up or not? I think we have done a lot in both industrial and automotive 
and value edge, which was the next question was one of them in industrial. So, the value edge program 
is a program which encourages our distributors, our channel partners to do the right thing, which is to 
make sure that we are selling value to the customer and not just trading product that enables us to 
get premium, also to retain a customer, and also to make sure that our distributors are partners in this 
process. So, there are lots of examples of how Value Edge has actually helped convert or helped us 
gain market share or convert away from competitors to us, to SKF. It also ensures that the secondary 
sale is happening in the right way, not just based on price. Our aftermarket has obviously been growing 
well, driven by two things. One is our coverage of the market. Both in automotive and in industrial, we 
have added several new distributors to cover the market fully. But we have also added secondary 
distributors or retailers. We have an IPS program in industrial, which is retail shops, which sell into 
industrial markets. We have a mechanic program in automotive. So, we've added thousands and 
thousands of both IPS retail stores, as well as mechanics to our bucket to expand the aftermarket. And 
that has ensured a good coverage of the market. That is number one.  
The second is connected to Value Edge. How do we partner with our channel partners, whether it is 
the IPS or it is mechanics or it is our distributors. We partner with them with joint accountability, joint 
targets, but also sharing incentives and loyalty reward programs so that we can encourage them to do 
the right thing for our business. Overall, our growth has been good. Can it be better? Is there room for 
improvement? There is always room for improvement.  
Next question was around aerospace and defence. Do we have a plan to localize more? We do have 
some defence products being manufactured in India, defence related products being manufactured. Is 
there a plan to localize more? We are continuously evaluating that and seeing what else we can do to 
kind of localize. Aerospace has been less of a demand in India because most OEMs are outside of India. 
But that said, this is something we will continue to look at. And if, when the time is right, and if we 
believe that the investment is justified, we will definitely look at it.  
All right, incentives for management were the next question. So, this was around what kind of 
incentives do the managers have for SKF, the managers in the two demerged entity, what kind of 
incentives they have. All our managers are driven by growth and profitability. And while global does 
play a role in it, there is large content of local growth and profitability and networking capital. So those 
will continue to be a priority, which is, I believe, aligned with our shareholder interests. And the last 
question was around cash distribution. Ranjan, if you could take this question.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Sure. Sure. I mean, in the process of Demerger, as you know, we have created the cardboard financials 
for both entities separately and each of the P&L item and balance sheet items have been addressed 
with a very logical principles of allocation. So, cash allocation, have largely gone for last three years 

 
profit which these two businesses have made and based on the last three-year profits we have evolved 
the principles of allocating cash also. So, for each of the P&L and balance sheet items there's a very 
logical principle which has been evolved with the help of the experts to split each of the elements. 
Yeah. 
Mr. Mukund Vasudevan 
Thank you, Mr. Ranjan Kumar. I think I have covered all the questions. I now hand it back to Mr. Ranjan 
Kumar.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Thank you. Mukund, one last question. think the last speaker also requested for a plan of localization, 
if you can speak something around that with automotive and industrial.  
Mr. Mukund Vasudevan 
So, both industrial and automotive, we are continuing to work on localization. Automotive is already 
around 95 % localized. Industrial is a little less and that is one of the reasons we are continuing to 
invest. You remember the CAPEX increasing. Industrial is localized to around 50%, a little less than 50%, 
but that we expect to continue to grow in the next three years and bring it back up to around 70% 
localized. It does not make sense to localize around 100 % because it's a trade-off between how much 
you invest versus what's the payoff you get for that investment. So, it may sometimes it makes sense 
to keep manufacturing elsewhere and to trade the product through the listed entities in India.  
Mr. Ranjan Kumar 
Thanks. I think one question was also asked about the R &D center which has been set up in India. This 
demerger is of the listed company that R &D center continues to be with SKF engineering which is the 
non-listed entity of the promoter. So, no change is proposed in that. It was existing in SKF engineering 
which was the non-listed entity. It continues to stay there. So, I think with this we have covered all the 
questions which was raised by our speaker shareholder. If you still feel some questions have not been 
answered appropriately, please feel free to write us back on the assigned email ID. We'll try our best 
to respond to your questions in more detail if you feel that has not been covered in that most detail 
for you. With this, thank you all shareholders. I will hand over back to Honorable Chairman.  
Mr. Kuldeep Kumar Kareer 
Thank you, Mr. Ranjit Kumar and Mr. Vasudevan, for responding to the question of the shareholders. I 
think all the questions have been reasonably answered and the company has tried to respond to all 
your questions to the extent possible and if you have any further queries, please feel free to write to 
the company and the company will definitely respond and address the issues raised by you.  
Now we are coming to the voting part of the meeting. The e-voting facility is already open and will 
continue to remain open for 15 minutes after we conclude this meeting to enable the shareholders to 
cast their votes. The resolution as set forth in the notice will be deemed to be passed today, subject to 
the receipt of the requisite number of votes.  
As we already noticed and declared that the quorum for the meeting is complete. Now I authorize the 
scrutinizer to declare the results of voting as per the prescribed timelines. The result of e-voting will 
be declared within two working days from the conclusion of the meeting today. And the same along 
with the consolidated scrutinizer’s report will be placed on the website of the company, on the website 
of NCLT and also on the website of BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The 
company will also display the voting results on the notice board at the registered office of the company. 
So why once again, I thank all the board members of the company, shareholders, team of management 
and all the invitees for sparing their valuable time for attending this meeting.  

 
Since the business of the meeting is now complete, I declare this meeting as closed. However, the e-
voting facility will continue for another 15 minutes. Thank you. Thank you everyone. Thank you very 
much.  
 
