                              
        
  
 
  
 October 28, 2025 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TEJASNET 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540595 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
 Re: Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call – Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on  
October 17, 2025. 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Yours sincerely,  
For Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Anantha Murthy N 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANANTHA MURTHY 
NARAYANA
Digitally signed by ANANTHA 
MURTHY NARAYANA 
Date: 2025.10.28 18:58:10 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Tejas Networks Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARNOB ROY - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER, TEJAS NETWORKS 
MR. SUMIT DHINGRA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
TEJAS NETWORKS 
DR. KUMAR N. SIVARAJAN - CHIEF TECHNOLOGY 
OFFICER, TEJAS NETWORKS 
MR. SANJAY MALIK - CHIEF STRATEGY AND BUSINESS 
OFFICER, TEJAS NETWORKS 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRANAV KSHATRIYA - EMKAY GLOBAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 

 
Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tejas Networks Earnings Conference Call 
Hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Pranav Kshatriya of Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Good evening. I would like to welcome the Management and thank them for this opportunity. 
We have with us today Mr. Arnob Roy – Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer; Mr. 
Sumit Dhingra – Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Kumar N. Sivarajan – Chief Technology Officer, 
and Mr. Sanjay Malik – Chief Strategy and Business Officer. 
I shall now hand over the call to Management for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. Thank 
you. 
Arnob Roy: 
Hello. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Tejas Networks' Quarter 2 Earnings Call. 
I am on the first slide. Our Q2 revenue was Rs. 262 crores as opposed to Rs. 202 crores in Q1. 
Profit after tax was a loss of Rs. 307 crores as opposed to a loss of Rs. 194 crores in Q1. And 
this loss included inventory and warranty-related provisions of Rs. 190 crores, and we will be 
discussing the details later on. We ended the quarter with an order book of Rs. 1,200 crores as 
opposed to Rs. 1,241 crores in Q1. Our revenue mix for the quarter was again 79% of our 
revenues were in India and 21% international. Our order book mix was largely India, 93%, and 
7% international. 
So, in summary, in Q2, one of the reasons for the smaller revenue and bookings was the delay 
in the receipt of BSNL 4G add-on PO of Rs. 1,500 crores for 18k sites. As we had mentioned 
earlier, TCS has received the APO, but it has not yet got converted into PO. And we are waiting 
for BSNL, who has just launched this service across 97,000 sites. And as soon as they are ready 
to take in the additional equipment for deployment, that's the time when we expect the POs to 
be issued. 
The quarter's revenue was led by key shipments to our India private customers and international 
customers. And Rs. 190 crores of additional provisions included the provision due to contract 
manufacturing process losses, which happened during the large manufacturing that we do, and 
as well as additional provisions for warranty and inventory obsolescence. So, a total of Rs. 190 
crores was additional provisions that were done for the quarter. 

 
Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
A few highlights for the quarter: 
For our wireless business, the big event was the inauguration of BSNL's nationwide 4G network 
by the Honorable Prime Minister. And as of today, 97,500 cell towers are running on our 4G 
RAN products. So this has been a very significant achievement. In launching this network, we 
have become the fifth country in the world to have a complete 4G/5G technology stack. This 
network is carrying four petabytes of data traffic daily and has 26 million active subscribers. So 
it is carrying network traffic to scale and has been performing extremely well in all metrics, in 
all comparisons that you can think of. 
We recently had the Indian Mobile Congress  event. And during that event, we launched our 
new 64T64R massive MIMO radio. And this was launched by the Honorable MoC. We also 
successfully completed our first 5G RAN deployment under BSNL's captive non-public network 
program in a coal mine in MP. We also successfully completed 4G/5G RAN POC in a mobile 
operator’s network in South Asia. And we expect to convert this into a successful commercial 
order for this network. 
We also started multiple POCs, which are ongoing, and other engagements with domestic and 
national operators for our 4G and 5G radios. And finally, our SDR chip, the SL3000, has been 
integrated into multiple smartphones, feature phones, and laptops. And this is going to be a boost 
for the D2M, the direct-to-mobile application that we are pioneers of, both in terms of end 
devices, as well as the radio transmission equipment. 
For the wireline business, we won the additional BharatNet Phase-3 orders from multiple system 
integration partners for our IP/MPLS routers. And we now are going to be the supplier of the 
largest number of packages for BharatNet Phase-3. We launched our state-of-the-art 1.2 Tbps 
DWDM transmission system product at the Indian Mobile Congress. We won multiple 400-gig 
deployments for customers in India, Europe, Cambodia, Ghana, Nigeria. We deployed our first 
10-gig CPON or combo PON solution in Europe. And we continue to receive expansion orders 
from private telcos in India. 
A few other updates. Dr. Randhir Thakur joined our Board as non-executive and non-
independent Director. Dr. Thakur is the CEO and MD of Tata Electronics, with over 40 years of 
experience in the semiconductor industry. He was the president of Intel Foundry Services and 
Corporate VP and Chief Supply Chain Officer in Intel Corporation. He has held leadership 
positions in Applied Materials, SanDisk, Micron Electronics, etc., and we hope to leverage his 
extensive industry experience in guiding us in our product strategy, in our semiconductor 
strategy, as well as in evolving our supply chain strategy. 
One of the other highlights was Tejas was shortlisted as the finalist of the “2025 Network X 
Awards” in Paris, in the category of the “Most Innovative Optical Transport Use Case” for our 
“Intelligent Alien Wavelength Solution”, with which we have won multiple customer network 

 
Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
opportunities based on this technology. During the quarter, we filed 39 patents and the total 
number of patents stands at 587. 
I will now hand over to our CFO, Sumit, to walk you through the detailed financials. 
Sumit Dhingra: 
Thanks, Arnob. Good evening, everyone. 
Our financial update for the quarter is as follows: 
For the Quarter 2, we did a revenue of Rs. 262 crores compared to Rs. 202 crores in the previous 
quarter, which implies a quarter-on-quarter growth of about 30%. 
EBIT for the quarter was negative Rs. 394 crores compared to negative Rs. 232 crores in the 
previous quarter, and PBT of negative Rs. 473 crores compared to negative Rs. 297 crores in the 
previous quarter. 
I think some of the profitability figures are impacted with the provisions and charges that we 
have incurred during the quarter, as Arnob briefly mentioned in the initial section. Adjusting for 
those expenses, EBIT would have been negative Rs. 205 crores and PBT would have been 
negative Rs. 284 crores. These expenses that we are talking about primarily consist of two 
buckets. One is provisions for inventory obsolescence and write-down of about Rs. 145 crores, 
which is mainly on account of contract manufacturing process losses, design changes, and other 
related matters. And warranty expenses or warranty provisions amounting to Rs. 44 crores for 
the quarter determined on the basis of potential fault rates, repair requirements, etc. based on 
what we see in the field. 
Moving on to the next slide, which talks about key balance sheet items: 
Inventory for the quarter at the end of the quarter stood at Rs. 2,383 crores. It has come off 
slightly compared to the previous quarter, and it will be converted to finished goods and shipped 
in the upcoming months. As we have explained in some of the earlier calls, we have taken 
advanced inventory action in anticipation of some large orders and hence the inventory number 
is high. And as those orders materialize, we will sort of be able to convert into finished goods 
and ship them out. 
Receivables for the end of the quarter stood at Rs. 4,026 crores. We collected Rs. 700 crores 
during the quarter and receivables continue to be on the higher side on account of BSNL 4G 
order-related collections that are linked to certain milestones, which will get completed over the 
next 2 to 3 quarters. We expect to get a significant amount of these collections through during 
this year. 

 
Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Payables have come down from Rs. 580 crores to Rs. 355 crores. And borrowings for the quarter 
at the end of the quarter stood at Rs. 4,166 crores. A large part of these borrowings is for working 
capital purposes, mainly because of higher inventory and receivables. And is expected to come 
down as we realize the working capital. Partly, this borrowing is also on account of CAPEX that 
we have been incurring in ramping up our product portfolio. 
With this, I will hand over to Arnob to continue. 
Arnob Roy: 
So, to conclude, our long-term outlook is positive. We are very bullish about the Company's 
future business. The driver for our business still remains strong. And there are rapid technology 
transitions that are happening, which give us the opportunity to enter new customer accounts 
and new territories as we evolve our product portfolio in line with those changes. So, from a 
trend perspective, the data consumption, both fixed and mobile, continue to grow rapidly. New 
AI applications are driving traffic growth across the network. 5G deployment is predicted to 
continue till 2030, when 6G standardization comes in. And 4G deployments are still expanding 
in emerging markets. So, both of these give us a good opportunity to grow our wireless business 
in international markets. 
There are massive investments happening in AI data centers, driving huge connectivity 
requirements, which will drive our networking business. 400G WDM is growing rapidly, and 
there is early adoption of 800G WDM, which is happening, and our products are in time and 
proven to leverage this growth that is happening in the backbone, connecting to business. 10G 
PON is starting to pick up in emerging markets, and 50G PON is getting deployed in advanced 
markets. So, our product portfolio, which has the 10G PON products, and as we are working on 
a roadmap for developing 50G PON products, these are in line with the emerging growth of 
these products in these markets. And we continue to invest in our product development and sales 
expansion. There's a lot of activity which is happening on the wireless front, and I will hand it 
over to Kumar to talk through our wireless plan. 
Kumar Sivarajan: 
Thank you, Arnob. So, we have completed deployment of the 4G network and BSNL. Arnob 
talked about that, and those radios are upgradable to 5G in whatever bands they are. However, 
since that, over the last two years, we have been working on a brand new portfolio of both the 
radios and the baseband unit that goes at the bottom of the tower for 5G. So, we have developed 
radios in the entire frequency band, going from 450 megahertz at the low end to 4.9 gigahertz at 
the highest end. The radios in 3.5 gigahertz and 4.9 gigahertz are massive MIMO radios. We 
exhibited some of them at IMC, and the massive MIMO radio in particular that we have at 3.5 
gigahertz, which is also the India band for 5G, is 64TR, 64 transmitter, 64 receivers, has 320 
watts of power, and matches the best in industry that is available today. In addition, in order to 
be able to address the global market for 5G, we are developing variations for every continent 
that we are engaged in. So, for example, for 700 megahertz, we have the radio for India, which 
is in band 28. We have a variation of the radio for Africa, which is in band 20, as well as one for 

 
Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Latin America, which is band 12. They're all nearby. So, we are investing in products, especially 
radios, to address the entire market worldwide. We are also ensuring these are state-of-the-art 
and competitive with the best available. There are also two schools of thought when it comes to 
5G. One is the traditional 3GPP approach, where the entire radio network comes from one 
vendor. There is also the Open RAN movement, there's an O-RAN alliance, where you try to 
separate the radio from the rest of the access network, which is called the CU/DU, the 
Centralized Unit and Distributed Unit. So, we are investing in both. We are O-RAN compliant. 
We can also deploy as per the 3GPP architecture. When it comes to O-RAN, in order to be able 
to interoperate with multiple other partners, we have partnered with both NEC and Rakuten to 
address the O-RAN market. Particularly with Rakuten, we can supply our radio units and their 
CU/DU software, and with that, we can address customers worldwide who are looking at O-
RAN. 
While we are deploying 5G today in most markets, we are also deploying 4G in markets such as 
Africa, where there is a lot of 4G yet to be deployed. The world is also looking at 6G, and in 
particular, India is looking to lead in 6G. The government has made announcements that we 
should lead the world in 6G while we are marching with them in 5G. So, to participate in this, 
we have been active in the standardization bodies around the world for 6G, primarily 3GPP, but 
also the O-RAN Alliance, something called TIP. We also participated in ITU along with the rest 
of the India delegation. And here, we are trying to understand the thinking around 6G from the 
rest of the world, including other OEMs, other operators. We have our own contributions to 
achieve the goals of 6G that have been set out, which includes ubiquitous connectivity, use of 
artificial intelligence, integrated sensing, and we are also developing our own intellectual 
property in these areas. And our goal is to have a 6G product as early as possible in line with the 
rest of the market and not lag there. So, on international engagements, we are engaged in 
markets, particularly in the developed markets, as an open RAN architecture with our RUs, with 
our partners. We are also engaged in developing markets for a full 4G and 5G solution, which 
includes Africa, Asia, rest of Asia, and Latin America. And we are seeing traction for our 
solutions, 4G, 5G, and Open RAN in these markets. 
Arnob Roy: 
Thanks, Kumar. I also mentioned the huge data growth that is happening, which is driving the 
expansion of the backbone networks. And as I mentioned, we are winning a lot of 400 gig 
deployments, which are peaking right now. And as we speak, we also expanded our portfolio 
with 800 gig and 1.2 terabit product launches and we look forward to leveraging the transition 
and growth in that market as the technology evolves to 800 gig and 1.2 terabit. We are also 
investing in evolving our data center interconnect products to leverage the interconnect growth 
that is happening because of the massive investment in AI data centers. And in our optical 
products, we had several strategic wins in Europe, Africa, and Asia for our optical products. And 
this gives us momentum for our international business expansion. 

 
Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
So, in summary, we continue to invest and remain bullish about our future based on the trends 
that we see across the business, across customers and technology trends that we see. 
So with that, we come to a close of our opening statements, and we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Hiren Kumar Thakurlal Desai, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Hiren Desai: 
Hello. My question really is the fact that now I think we are pretty much done with the BSNL 
order, although the add-on is likely and maybe 5G upgrade is likely. But in the absence of the 
business, do you have an estimate of what is our run rate revenue required for the breakeven 
given that we have larger R&D investments, etc.? 
Arnob Roy: 
As of now, we don't have the data to discuss the breakeven revenue number. 
Hiren Desai: 
Okay, the second question is, are we likely to get these orders in current financial year or mostly 
likely to spill over? 
Arnob Roy: 
I think, as you know, we have taken a lot of proactive action in building the inventory and in the 
components as well as some of the finished goods. And we know that the TCS has received the 
advance purchase orders. And we expect that as soon as BSNL is ready to expand their network, 
these purchase orders will be issued and we are expecting them in this financial year. All of these 
may not get shipped in the current financial year based on when the PO comes. But yes, we are 
expecting the PO to come in this financial year. 
Hiren Desai: 
And now that we have deployed 4G, are we sort of in the stage of POC or something of that sort 
either with private operators or outside of India? 
Sanjay Malik: 
So, with the current portfolio which we have and whatever we are developing which Dr. Kumar 
covered, yes, we are engaged with quite a few operators in India and also in the international 
markets. And definitely, yes, all these engagements go through multiple technical discussions 
and maybe POCs. So, with that, we are expecting some closures with the international operators 
also going forward. 
Arnob Roy: 
Also what we are seeing is that it is a little longer cycle from the time of initial engagement 
through the technical discussions and POCs. But quite a lot of engagements are in fairly 
advanced stages as well. 
Hiren Desai: 
So, one last question is, this quarter and last quarter, previous quarter, we had some of this write 
down of, I don't know, some manufacturing related losses or inventory as you mentioned. Are 
we pretty much done with it or it might go on for another quarter or so? 

 
Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Sumit Dhingra: 
I think some of these aspects related to inventory evaluation for realizable value, for 
obsolescence and marketability, etc., these are ongoing efforts that keep happening for us and 
for everybody else in the manufacturing domain. So, to that extent, I think whether it is related 
to obsolescence, whether it is related to scrap or design changes, all those evaluations are an 
ongoing affair. I think to some extent they are contract manufacturing related or process related 
losses. 
These typically would be on account of the large manufacturing that we undertook over the last 
few quarters, and  I think is something that we don't expect to have recurrence of that in large 
numbers. But other than that, I think the ongoing efforts on ensuring that we reflect the true 
picture of inventory is something that as a policy would continue going forward. 
Hiren Desai: 
Okay. Thank you. That's it. I am done. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is in the line of Vidhan Kumar from Chanakya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Vidhan Kumar: 
Just wanted to ask, is Tejas capable enough or does it plan to make itself relevant in the whole 
process of value chain of data center building? And on the lines of the same question, TCS 
announced a $4 billion to $5 billion of investment in data centers. So, can we assume that Tejas 
is going to get some of the revenue slice from there? 
Arnob Roy: 
So, I think first of all, let me explain where are we, which part of the data center business is 
connected to our products. So, we don't build data centers. We don't build the equipment that 
goes inside the data center, whether it's the AI data centers consisting of GPUs or high-end 
servers and all. But what we do is these data centers that are distributed across nations, globally, 
and they require a very high bandwidth connectivity between data centers and also from users 
to those data centers. And what we are also seeing is that the AI data centers, given the amount 
of consumption of power and other infrastructure, I mean, they are kind of getting built in a 
distributed fashion in clusters, and they also require very low latency, high bandwidth 
connectivity between data centers. And that's where we come in. We build the connectivity 
equipment, the networking or the transmission equipment, which provide this low latency and 
very high bandwidth connectivity between data centers. So, yes, as the data center market grows, 
our business will benefit not because we build the data centers or the equipment inside, but the 
connectivity that is required between data centers or between the users and data centers. That's 
where our business will grow as a result of the expansion of the data center market. So, the 
question of TCS investing in data centers, yes, I mean, a similar kind of opportunity will come 
our way but we have to obviously compete for those opportunities. As TCS builds those 
infrastructure, yes, the connectivity requirements will create an opportunity for our products and 
business. And yes, we have to compete for it, but that's going to be a strong opportunity for us 
as well. 

 
Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Vidhan Kumar: 
Okay. Just a follow-up question. So, in case of TCS awarding this communication, , is it a chance 
that you need to compete with the likes of Cisco or is it something that is automatically 
understood that this will directly go to Tejas Network? 
Arnob Roy: 
No, for the TCS investment you meant? 
Vidhan Kumar: 
Yes, in that part of it. Yes. 
Arnob Roy: 
It's not, no, this business will not come automatically. We are all independent companies and on 
top of that we are related parties. We will have to compete for it and we have to make sure our 
solutions are on par or better than competition. But yes, you know, the thing is that we will have 
the opportunity to engage, because they are part of the group and that's where it would really 
end. We will get a fair chance at bidding for those and getting an opportunity to compete. 
Vidhan Kumar: 
Okay. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Thadavarthi Sai Surendra, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Thadavarthi Sai Surendra: Hello, sir. This is Sai Surendra, an investor. Congratulations on the launch of the Ojas64 Massive 
MIMO radio. It is a great achievement for Tejas and for India. But Q2 is a bit soft. So, can we 
expect some visible improvement in Q3? 
Arnob Roy: 
Actually, as you know, we don't give guidance on our quarter to quarter or yearly performance 
in terms of actual numbers. What we try to do is give you a general outlook of the business 
environment, the drivers for our business and our own opportunities, our own investments in 
these areas to really leverage the opportunities that we see. So, from that point of view, yes, Q2 
has been soft, as you said. But the business, the macro business environment remains strong and 
continues to grow. And on the basis of that, even today, we continue to invest very significantly 
in R&D and products and also sales expansion because we are bullish about our future and what 
we can leverage from the opportunities that we see. So, I think that probably gives you an 
indicator of what we see, where we see the future of our business, without getting into any 
specific quantification of future quarters or yearly performance. 
Thadavarthi Sai Surendra: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Gaurav, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav: 
Good evening, everyone. So, my question is about our future plans. So, as you know, we have 
been making negative profit last couple of quarters. And I heard you talking about the future 
plans, the POs and all the ties and businesses, very optimistic plans. So, I want to understand 

 
Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
from your risk assessment, what are the top two risks you see, maybe, let's say next one year, 
which may hinder your plans? And what is the mitigation plan you have for those risks? 
Arnob Roy: 
I think the risk would be if you are not able to execute on our plans of our product development. 
And, if our products don't succeed in the opportunities in the trials, and the opportunities that we 
have in hand, I would say that is the only risk that we see of not performing. The opportunities 
are clearly there. And it is for us to execute with our expansion plans in the international markets 
as well as our product development. So, as long as we beat our product roadmap, and our 
products perform well in customer networks, in trials and in POCs, I think that is where the risk 
mitigation really comes in. And that's the only risk that we see. And that is really under our 
control as well. 
Gaurav: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is in the line of Amit, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit: 
Good evening, sir. My question is that, what margins we play? This write-offs and all the things 
which are coming after the execution, we are in profitability or loss? 
Sumit Dhingra: 
Sir, you're talking in context of this quarter? Or is that a general question? I am not able to 
follow. 
Amit: 
Every order, in every order when we execute, what margins are coming, and after all costing, 
and on net profit, I am asking over the net profit, the last three years, you are having good profits, 
but in last three quarters, you're right down around Rs. 600 crores-Rs. 700 crores. So, you are 
talking about the inventory, after inventory countdown, that's why I am asking this question. 
Sumit Dhingra: 
So, for all the projects that we bid for they are with an underlying assumption of reasonable 
profitability, I think we don't get into specific project level profitability disclosures. But if you 
look at our material margins, as per the disclosed statements, that would give an indication of 
where the project level profitability, or if you look at gross margin disclosures, that will give you 
an idea about the project level profitability. I think what I can share also is that the profitability 
for international deployment or international projects are typically higher than what we see from 
the Indian customers, but at the same time, for all the customer segments that we have, we are 
able to manage good profitability levels at all the customer segments. I think that the point on 
the recent quarters where the provisions and charge offs have been made, I think this also has to 
be looked at in context of the large magnitude of orders that we executed in the previous year. 
And also, some of the initiatives that we undertook, as we explained a couple of quarters back 
also, is that as we are coming off from that large project execution, I think we undertook reviews 
of inventory, we undertook reviews of the manufacturing arrangements with our contract 
manufacturers, and some of these are stemming out of that initiative. 

 
Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Amit: 
My question is that in large orders, after completing all the things and all the provisions, we are 
in negative or profitability? 
Sumit Dhingra: 
No, generally we don't have negative profitability for any of the projects that we execute. 
Amit: 
Okay. And second, for the future, it's like coming 2 to 3 years, you are going to achieve good 
big numbers. I am not asking about the guidance, but do you see bullish nature coming, 
continuing or 3 to 4 quarters languishing? 
Sumit Dhingra: 
Look, I think without getting into specific quarter level guidance, I think we continue to remain 
positive and bullish about the opportunities that we are participating in. What you see over the 
last 2 to 3 quarters or even a longer period, we have demonstrated our capability of our products 
and our execution over a large project in wireless, which was the first project that we were 
executing of this scale and of this nature, and also the large orders that have been executed in 
the previous two years on the wireline side. So, I think what I am trying to say is that we have 
all the ingredients and all capabilities in place to benefit from the opportunities that we have in 
front of us. 
Amit: 
No, as an investor, I am asking that your past is very good, very excellent. And future, you expect 
double, triple or less than past? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, see, as Sumit said, we do not quantify our future. 
Amit: 
No, you quantify the market, what big market you are, means 10,000 crore, 20,000 crore, 50,000 
crore, which type of market you are, means 4G deployment, 4G stack, in international India 
market, what volumes will be in the market and how much you can capture? 
Sumit Dhingra: 
So, I think, broadly speaking, both wireless and wireline segments are upwards of $25 billion to 
$30 billion of annual opportunity globally. And over time, we would wish to participate in a 
meaningful manner in this market and have a reasonable market share. Beyond that, I think it 
will be difficult to give any specifics. 
Amit: 
You can elaborate this 30 billion into 1,000 crore, how much Rs. 1,000 crore market is there? 
Sumit Dhingra: 
US$ 30 billion is, INR 2 lakh crores roughly. 
Amit: 
And you can, you have expectation of 10% to 20% or 30% whichever scenario you take, can we 
have 25% market share? We are using, well, there are six companies, like Tejas, Nokia, Ericsson 
and we are a very new company, but we are in, what share we can get and what marketing is set, 
so we can get this type of percentage of market? 

 
Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Sanjay Malik: 
Yes, so basically there is a large addressable market size for the wireless and wireline equipment 
that we make. Now, on the wireless, basically, as you know, that the BSNL project, we started 
about two years ago, and we have entered into that, and then now we are into kind of some of 
the global opportunities also. So, I think maybe difficult to give a specific number of market 
share as of now, but definitely we will be growing in the international area. 
Amit: 
Actually, as an investor, we want to stay invested or not, we have to decide, in 3 or 4 quarters, I 
am not saying that one quarter, two quarters, three quarters, four quarters, in next two years, 
three years, we remain invested and we want to go through that we would be there. If we would 
be not there, why we are invested. So, we have to take a chance. So, some numbers, some data, 
that this is the market like 2,000 crores-50,000 crores. When we have executed, we are very 
good in the execution, we are very good in 4G stack, 5G stack, you are launching new products, 
but why selling is not come, that is the main motto, our company sells, our company get 20%, 
30% share, that is an achievement, and so investor can be sticking to your company and 
ownership maintained. Every quarter we have lost, we are not having any percentage of market 
share, what is the exact pipeline for next 2 or 3 years any data you have to share with us, as 
investors. 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, so we don't give 3-year pipeline, we all share the order book as it is, as it exists, and that's 
the number. 
Amit: 
In the previous call, you have given that order book, which has a TCS PO, but nothing you have 
shared,. As a company investor, as a minority investor, we want to know what is going on in the 
company. We are only seeing the data in the share market, in the anticipation that company is 
going to be Rs. 200, Rs. 100 in data, the future is very bleak, you are saying future is very bullish, 
but numbers are not presentable. These write offs are very late, not at the manufacturing stage, 
you have after completing project, 3 quarters, you are writing off, it is not a good thing. 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, I think, thanks for your question, I understand your frustration. 
Amit: 
Corporate governance is very necessary. As minority investors are there, there is no words, no 
guidance, nothing you have, your management is giving us, we are in the black only, what is the 
white, we don't know what is going on, every quarter write downs, every quarter finance cost, 
every quarter government's money. comes late, but you have to follow up, and timeline is there, 
when milestone will be coming, in third quarter, fourth quarter, fifth quarter. Why every quarter 
interest is paid, you have to get the investor to know, in fourth quarter, in this financial year, we 
will close our debts. So we have to get a complete guidance on this. 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, I understand, we try to be as transparent as we can. 
Amit: 
As a Tata Group company, if disclosures are not made, it is not good, sir. I am also an accounting 
professional, if I am not giving my numbers to my owners, or anybody, and I am, if I try to hide 

Tejas Network 
October 17, 2025 
Page 13 of 13 
it in papers, then truth will come out sometime when the company has failed completely. You 
are doing research, that does not mean anything. Your R&D and everything is good, you got 
good things from Prime Minister, but money is everything and EPS, nothing else. And the last 
is EPS, what is company, the net worth is eroding or still there? You are in the stage of, starting 
the stage of, means your reserve surplus is Rs. 3,300 crore, from this Rs. 500 crore is minus, and 
at what quarter you will, you are multiplying, or decreasing the reserve surplus? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, so thank you for your questions, I think we have disclosed whatever we can disclose. 
Amit: 
Not in a fair manner sir, today many listed companies are giving, like, Zomato whichever is the 
listed company they are giving very fair practices. As Tata Group Company you are not giving 
full guidance.  
Arnob Roy: 
No, I think we have right from the beginning, we have not been, we do not give guidance, except 
for the environment. 
Amit: 
Why you don’t give guidance? 
Arnob Roy: 
I think, it is really time that we give to other people who need, who will also have questions, so 
I really request you to. 
Amit: 
Okay, thanks, sir, please, quarter-on-quarter guidance needed. 
Arnob Roy: 
Sure, thank you. Could you give a chance to the others in the queue, please? 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments. 
Arnob Roy: 
So, once again, thanks everyone for participating in the call, and I look forward to interacting 
with you all, at the end of Quarter 3 as well. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your line. 
Note: This transcript has been edited for clarity and readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the 
proceedings 
