 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited (formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited) (CIN: L65922DL2005PLC136029)  
Corp. Off.  1st Floor, Tower 3A, DLF Corporate Greens, Sector-74A, Gurgaon, Narsinghpur, Haryana – 122 004, India. T. +91 1246048213 F. +91 1246048214 
Reg. Off. A-34, 2nd & 3rd Floor, Lajpat Nagar-II, New Delhi – 110 024, India. T. +91 1148147506 F. +91 1148147501 
Email. homeloans@sammaancapital.com Web. www.sammaancapital.com 
 
 
 
Date: November 3, 2025 
 
Scrip Code – 535789, 890192 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
SAMMAANCAP/EQ, SCLPP 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E). 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended – transcript of conference call – 
financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
We refer to our intimation dated October 31, 2025, informing that the Company has uploaded 
the audio recording of the conference call hosted by it on October 31, 2025, to discuss the 
financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025, on its 
website.  
 
In this connection, pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 2021 notified by SEBI on May 5, 2021, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the said conference call. The said transcript is also being 
uploaded on the website of the Company.  
 
Please take the aforesaid intimation on record. 
  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Sammaan Capital Limited  
(formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Amit Jain 
Company Secretary 
 
CC:  
Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, Singapore (“SGX”) 
India International Exchange IFSC Limited (“India INX”) 
NSE IFSC Limited (“NSE IX”) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AMIT 
KUMAR JAIN
Digitally signed by 
AMIT KUMAR JAIN 
Date: 2025.11.03 
21:27:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Sammaan Capital Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAGAN BANGA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SAMMAAN CAPITAL 
LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ARYAN SUMRA – MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sammaan Capital Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by MUFG Intime. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the call over to Mr. Aryan Sumra from MUFG Intime. Please go ahead. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Aryan. 
Aryan Sumra: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY '26 earnings 
conference call for Sammaan Capital Limited. To discuss this quarter's business performance, 
we have from the management, Mr. Gagan Banga, Managing Director and CEO, along with 
other senior management. 
 
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more details, 
kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the company's 
website. 
 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks, and then we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, Gagan sir. 
Gagan Banga: 
Good day, everyone, and welcome to our quarter 2 and half year investor call. Before I get into 
the specific business performance, I would like all of you to welcome Himanshu, who recently 
joined us as the Deputy CEO of the company. He is also on this call. And hopefully, over the 
course of the next few quarters will also be more actively participating on all of these investor 
calls. 
 
Now to just get into the presentation, I will be referring to the earnings update deck that we sent 
out earlier this afternoon to all of you. So please refer to that and keep it handy. The most 
consequential event over the course of the last few months since we last spoke is the proposed 
preferential allotment which we propose to make to International Holding Company via their 
subsidiary Avenir Investment RSC Limited.  
The total transaction consideration would be INR8,850 crores for a stake of 41.2% on a fully 
diluted basis. IHC's Avenir has also given an open offer to acquire a further 26%. Assuming all 
of that comes through, their stake would be 63.4%. The preferential issue warrants and the open 
offer all is happening at INR139 per share. 
 
IHC is a well-known company. It's the most valuable holding company in the Middle East and 
has a market capitalization of 240 billion, assets of 113 billion and operates in 41-plus countries. 
They are completely keyed in on to the tech ecosystem and have made significant very successful 
investments in the technology world, besides the parentage and the capital big strength which 
Sammaan hopes to tap into is the technology ecosystem of IHC. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
 
As far as the next steps are concerned, on 29th of October, we received approval of the 
shareholders. In parallel, we have already applied for RBI and other related approvals. And the 
CCI application has also been made by Avenir. I expect all of this to take around 4 months or so 
and hoping that we are able to conclude this transaction before the end of the financial year or 
very early next financial year. 
 
The announcement of this preferential issue has already had an immediate impact on the 
borrowing profile of the company. Within days of the announcement, we raised a dollar bond 
$450 million at a price difference of about 150 basis points from where we had issued just 2 
months prior to the deal announcement. So that kind of impact on the flow is already coming in.  
If we adjust the yield curve for the longer tenure, then the reduction in incremental borrowing 
cost was about 200 basis points and with a very, very strong demand, which is playing out in the 
secondary market yields of all of our dollar bonds. 
 
Even earlier prior to this transaction based on the equity that we had raised through calendar '24 
and early '25, our debt flow had already significantly increased and now it has reached a level 
where, as compared to last year, we are operating at almost 1.5x of more balance sheet 
borrowings being made available to the company.  
The rating agencies have also taken note. And Moody's has already put us on review for a 
possible upgrade. Over a period of time as these rating upgrades fructify soon, nothing would 
happen between now and the transaction from an upgrade perspective once the transaction is 
completed, one would imagine that there would be significant rating upgrades, which would 
mean that on the bond program side, we could have a reduction of over 200 basis points. 
 
A large part of our borrowings are also bank borrowings, where within 1 year through price 
resets, through interest rate resets, we would land up on stock basis reducing at least 170 basis 
points, which would all translate to over a period of time, cost of fund reduction of at least 200 
basis points, which in itself has a 50% impact on the profit after tax. 
 
On the asset side, as we prepare for all the approvals and are in discussion with all the approvals, 
the focus is on building the base for disbursals to increase from the current run rate of annualized 
about INR15,000 crores to INR35,000 crores next year  the year after that. And in financial year 
'27, we would be at about INR35,000 crores. So we have about 6 to 9 months to prepare for that 
and then the rest of the financial year to be hitting those kinds of numbers.  
One very vital aspect of that preparation is the widening of the product lines. As we speak, the 
company is critically evaluating all the possible product lines in the loan segments, which 
address where our target segments, which is low income to mid-income segment requires loans. 
Each of these options are getting critically evaluated from an ROA perspective. 
 
And post the investment, we would look forward to quickly add more products to our product 
suite which would go beyond mortgages and make us a general purpose, NBFC in debtor, license 
and spirit. As I mentioned earlier, the IHC ecosystem around technology, around artificial 
intelligence,  is very vibrant and thriving. They have several of their companies operating in 
multiple geographies, which are already getting the benefits of artificial intelligence. We are 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
already in touch with a few of them. And as we look forward to enhancing our own customer 
experience, making sure that end-to-end disbursals are on the app, there's a quicker turnaround 
time, reduce cost to income,  
I am hopeful that this time where we are waiting out for the approvals can be positively utilized 
to build up these tech capabilities. That journey is a constant, but over the course of the next 4 
to 6 months, there would be significant transformation on the tech side, which we are aiming to 
do. 
 
Mortgage business would remain a very significant portion of our business and the large part of 
that does require physical people, branches,  And there is a clear chart plan which has been laid 
out in consultation with the investor, where we should be growing our people fourfold and our 
branch network also three to fourfold from here. 
 
Now coming back to the performance of the quarter. The net worth as compared to last year has 
increased to INR22,373 crores. The growth AUM is now touching almost INR42,000 crores. 
The legacy loan AUM has declined by almost INR9,000 crores over last year. And the total 
AUM has increased by about INR1,000 crores over last year.  
The NII as we continue to replace the more wholesale assets with the more retail assets would 
obviously mean that our yields are for the shorter-term going down. Over a period of time, the 
reduced cost of funds would even out the near-term margin compression that we see. But there 
is no work around this aside of just continuing to focus on cost of funds. As the balance sheet 
gets more retailized, this is a natural outcome of the same. 
 
Last year, we had declared a loss of INR2,761 crores in the quarter versus that we've declared a 
profit of INR308 crores. On the lines of the net interest income, the net interest margin is around 
5.5%, which, as I said earlier, is more an outcome of the increasing retailization of the AUM.  
The gearing is moderate right now at 2x. It gives us in the change scenario, a huge, huge 
headroom for balance sheet compounding and AUM compounding. Gross NPAs and net NPAs 
are both benign and credit ratings are stable at AA levels. 
 
The asset quality, as I said, is across stages is fairly stable, and so our -- the net and the gross 
NPA as compared to, say, the end of the financial year or same time last year. When we think 
about growth, most of the growth that we think about is on the retail side. So, the suite there of 
the retail type focused loans is currently on the mortgage side, we have started to cover the entire 
universe.  
The strategy around Finserv, the subsidiary in light of this investment is still something which 
is being planned out with the investor. And we would get back to all of our stakeholders over 
the course of the next couple of months as to what exactly is the strategy.  
Right now, as the business progresses,  it still continues with Sammaan Finserv, our subsidiary 
being more smaller ticket focused mortgage loan player and Sammaan Capital being more the 
player which is adapting and the asset-light strategy and executing on that. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
There have been significant regulatory changes around our asset-light strategy, all for the 
positive. Earlier this year in August, the regulator came up with new regulations around co-
lending, which were extremely positive.  
Positive from a big picture perspective that as regulations evolve and eventually stabilize, it 
demonstrates regulatory comfort around a new initiative that they had taken, which was 
obviously evolving over the last 3- 4 years.  
And with these guidelines, it seems that the regulator is more or less comfortable with how co-
lending has evolved over the last few years, which is why the scope, which was restricted only 
to priority sector has now been enhanced with no such restriction and any type of a loan can be 
co-lend.  
The eligible entities, which were earlier only on a practical basis, banks, so you could do -- 
NBFC could do a partnership with the bank. We attempted it with back in the day with another 
housing finance company and we were told it's a relationship which is meant for nonbanks with 
banks. 
 
That now has been formally via the circular being blessed to include the entire universe, even 
all India financial institutions like NABARD, HUDCO,  have been cleared in this. The minimum 
retention ratio which has an impact on the return on asset has been reduced to half, so from 20% 
to 10%, which is usually ROA-accretive.  
And there is also a lot of transparency towards the customer, which has been built in, which on 
a longer-term basis makes the product more sustainable, there is customer more sticky. And all 
in all, it improves the quality of the business that one is underwriting. There is a parallel 
underwriting, which would be happening, which would be necessarily tech-driven. 
 
If you flip to Slide 13, we have displayed there the journey and the integration that we have done 
with a variety of banks and with a variety of other service providers, both government and 
nongovernment to make this entire parallel decisioning reality. We would be starting this parallel 
decisioning from December itself. So we get a month or so to prepare before the guidelines kick 
in formally  by January. 
 
We continue to focus on the branch distribution network and enhancing the access that our 
people have versus having multiple branches in the same city, we are now focusing more and 
more on more city deployment, and that is a trend which would continue and get enhanced given 
the fact that we have a clear goal of going to 500-odd branches over the course of the next 2 to 
3 years. So this would be a massively expanding network and an area of very large investment 
for us. 
 
On the retail mortgage business on Slide 15, we've given various cuts of how the product suite 
is playing out and the type of collaterals. These are minute details, which all of you can go 
through in your own time. The book quality continues to be very, very superior against a lakh 
crores of disbursement for transactions that we have done with our partners. The outstanding 
pool is all of INR18,000 crores. So we have  over INR82,000 crores of experience in terms of 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
how these pools perform and amortizations running in approximately 77% with the 90 days past 
due being fairly benign at 0.53%. 
 
The partnerships are across the universe. And as the new circular kicks in, I would imagine that 
at least 2 to 3 more banks would be coming in to join our partnership network. As far as the 
legacy business is concerned, the rundown continues.  
As I said earlier, the reduction between last year to today is about INR9,000 crores. This 
reduction would continue to further pick up pace. It is usually back-ended in the year. And by 
the end of this year, we should be looking at about INR15,000-odd crores, which is another 
INR7,000-odd crores of reduction from here. That's the goal that we are going with. 
 
The other minute details are there.  as a book portfolio evolves and some loan assets rundown, 
the -- all these ratios will go through a minute change or sometimes even a significant change. 
But all-in-all, the more important thing is the real estate cycle continues to be very robust, and 
we are fully focused on making sure that the INR9,000 crores, INR10,000 crores of collections 
that we have done in the last year or so, we continue over the next 12 months on a rolling 12-
month basis, we continue with INR9,000 crores to INR10,000 crores of collections. 
 
On the other key operating mandates, ALM Management has been a core area of strength. It is 
what helped us navigate the rather tricky waters of the last 7 years. It continues to be an area of 
strength. And as more balance sheet debt gets available at appropriate costs. I think the liquidity 
buffers from here would only strengthen further. And we would invest in strengthening those 
liquidity buffers further before we really expand on the borrowing program. for our own peace 
of mind and stability. 
 
The rest are more industry updates. As I said, on an overall basis, the industry continues to be 
robust customer demand continues to be robust. Sammaan Capital and its team continues to be 
extremely focused in the near-term from an operating perspective on its asset-light strategy. But 
in the medium term, we are also cognizant of having a significant parent and redrawing the 
strategy in terms of how much is asset light and how much is on balance sheet, .  
So, all the guidances that we had given for fiscal '27, , are under revision as we speak. And 
hopefully, before the end of the financial year, we will be in a position to come back to you with 
fresh guidance for fiscal '27 and thereafter. Please bear with us for the next 2 quarters as we 
redraw the plans, do the product selection. And then with a greater commitment, we can tell you 
what the ROA, ROE targets would look like. 
 
Thank you so much for your support. Several of our stakeholders stood by us like rocks for us 
to have gotten here and still be an attractive investment proposition for such a large company. 
And I am fairly confident that the management team will make this a very profitable investment 
for IHC.  
And hopefully, all the stakeholders who have gone through, some of them have gone through a 
lot of pain over the last 7 years, their pain will bear fruit. And all the counterparties will be 
extremely happy in the days to come. Thank you. And we are open now for questions. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Anil Sarin from K16 Advisors. 
Anil Sarin: 
Many congratulations on the conclusion of this deal. I mean at least the approvals have come 
and I'm sure the rest will follow. So, I think a great job done over the last many years, I've been 
tracking. So, I think a lot of credit is due.  
Also, your presentation has improved dramatically over the last 2, 3 quarters. I would request 
only one thing. Kindly add the disbursement amount for the quarter. I mean, there is a reference 
to an annualized figure, but many of us would appreciate the accurate quarterly figure.  
I had just one general question. Is that considering you're going to add a lot of products or some 
products based on consultation with the new investors and promoters. Obviously, this is in 
response to the large amount of equity capital that will come in. 
 
So should one assume that since the core -- the growth AUM is anyway growing at around 30%, 
the other products would be additive basically to take care of the extra capital that has now been 
absorbed or will be absorbed. Is that a fair understanding? 
Gagan Banga: 
So firstly, thank you, Anil, for your kind words. And if you've been tracking us over the years, 
we've obviously been a company of interest. So, thank you for your support as well through this 
journey. We take your feedback. We've been specifically reporting disbursement around the 
asset-light strategy. We will, going forward, start reporting gross disbursements as well. More 
so now with the strategy probably evolving beyond asset light, it will be a relevant number to 
report.  
As far as the new capital is concerned, more than the new capital, the goals are the following. 
One is that we continue with the rundown of the legacy book through fiscal '26. But towards the 
end of fiscal '26, early '27, we start running the company like a normal company, and we have 
an AUM. What's going on in the background in terms of some loans being rundown, some 
products being emphasized on, etcetera, are partly parcel of managing the credit cycle in any 
company.  
We were sort of in a peculiar situation. We are emerging out of that peculiar situation, and we 
should be there on, be running like a normal company. And certainly, as the product expand, the 
product suite expands the disbursals will expand. So, on an annualized basis, INR15,000 crores 
would have gone to INR20,000 crores, INR21,000 crores. We are targeting to take it all the way 
up to INR35,000 crores next year itself,  -- which is fiscal '27. 
 
So fiscal '27 and '28  -- would be sort of catch-up years in terms of the loan book, the AUM, 
disbursals, etcetera. And then once we get to our size, which is beyond the at INR1.10 lakh 
crores of AUM. That's the time that we then start again normalizing our growth rates to 20%, 
22%, 23%, which is a number which is healthier and which you can also finance in a very robust 
manner. So that's the broad trajectory in which we are thinking about our business as we speak.  
Please appreciate that this is something which is Sammaan Capital's management team's 
thoughts at this point in time. This is not something that has been trashed out completely with 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
our new incoming large shareholder who will be controlling the company. Their views would 
also be important.  
So as I said earlier, towards the end of the fiscal year, we will come back to you with a more 
specific plan around disbursals, what kind of disbursals, ROA, what kind of compounding over 
the next couple of years and all of that. Please bear with us till then. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Suryanarayanaraju Alluri, who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Suryanarayanaraju Alluri: I want to say thanks for the entire team who stayed in this bad period and maybe consolidated 8 
years, though the promoter has walked out, few people have worked and so on. I think apart 
from ESOPs, something has more been done to the team, one. 
 
The other one is, sir, what is the current borrowing rate? What will be nearby? I think we are 
borrowing at 8.5. We may borrow plus in future. The other thing, is there any one-time write-
off for the next 2, 3 quarters? 
Gagan Banga: 
 So firstly, Suryanarayan-ji, thank you for your kind words for me and the team and the senior 
team and the wider team. I think this was not about wealth. Obviously, everyone needs cash 
flows. So, people get their salaries. This is a little bit beyond that. And we are a set of, how 
should I put it, loyal people. And so our loyalty kept us together. And hopefully, over a period 
of time, rewards would not normally play out.  
For us, the love and support that you guys have given to us and the opportunity which has 
presented itself via divine intervention is a reward enough. On the borrowing rates, our 
borrowing rates today are in the 9%, 9.5% handle. On an incremental basis,  -- we should be 
going to 8.5%, 9% handle which is between now and the approvals for the transaction. Once the 
transaction comes through, costs should be more closer to the 7.5% handle blended for all the 
various sources of capital. 
 
On write-offs,  -- as part of the overall business plan, there is a strategy which the incoming 
investor has. They have an entry point to the company. This is their India financial venture. The 
ownership is more perpetual. Their desire is to increase their shareholding. They will wait out 
for the outcome of the open offer, but their desire, as stated to me is to take their shareholding 
beyond 51%.  
So these are very long-term sort of calls that one has to take. I would want to use today's investor 
call to talk about the next 2 to 3 quarters. As I've been saying, this is a company in significant 
transformation. All of you have supported us for the last 32 quarters. Just bear with us for the 
next 2 quarters, and we should have all the plans of the future ready. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rucheeta Kadge from I-Wealth. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Sir, my question was on Sammaan Finserv. So, what was the AUM for us during the quarter in 
Sammaan Finserv? 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Gagan Banga: 
Yes. The AUM of Sammaan Finserv, I believe is in the INR7,000 crores handle. It is flattish 
over last quarter. And by the end of the year, this year, we continue to retain our plan of taking 
that AUM to about INR10,000 crores. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Okay. Flattish, because last quarter, it was around INR6,200 crores, so... 
Gagan Banga: 
So I'll give you the exact number. So it's around INR6,200 crores, yes. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Understood. And also, on our net gain on derecognition, right, we've kind of recorded around 
INR468 crores. So, what is the kind of run rate that we should look at going ahead? Because I 
remember in the last call, we had mentioned that on a full year basis, it should be around 4%. 
So, I guess with this year, it's going to be above that -- so going ahead, how do we look at it? 
Gagan Banga: 
. This year will be above because 2, 3 things have happened. One, if you recollect at the start of 
the year, we changed the accounting principle. Two, a lot of the benchmark rates for these pools 
are linked to external benchmarks. So they come down. Our cost of funds are linked to MCLR. 
So there is some short-term arbitrage, which is there. On a more longer-term basis, you should 
think of it as a 4% sort of steady income stream. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Okay. And also I had a question on the co-lending part. So going ahead, what is our plan? Like 
co-lending would be how much percentage of the book? 
Gagan Banga: 
So over the next 6 months, nothing changes. 100% of what we originate on the retail side is co-
lend or it's originated with the perspective of if not co-lending it, direct assigning it or 
securitizing it in one form or the other. On a longer-term basis, how much do they intend to keep 
on balance sheet, what gearing numbers? 
If you look at industry benchmarks, then typically AAA-rated companies are operating at 4.5x 
gearing. So there is a lot of comfort around the gearing levels rising. But at the same point in 
time, one of the most attractive things for them as far as Sammaan was concerned was the kind 
of double validation, which happens via a co-lending stroke securitization program.  
And what has attracted them to us certainly will remain an integral part of the strategy. What 
percentage and proportion exactly, again, like I said to the previous 2 people who asked 
questions, please bear with us for a couple of quarters, and we should be able to come back to 
you by the end of the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
So as you mentioned about the net gain on derecognition. So this year, it will be higher, but 
steady state, it can be 4% of the book. So, I just wanted to understand, does it come from the 
legacy book as well or it's mainly from the new growth book? 
Gagan Banga: 
No, it is 4% of disbursals, which are meant for co-lending. Our gross disbursals will be higher. 
The AUM per se is not the relevant thing. We originate and then we co-lend. That transaction 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
has to fructify for these gains to fructify. And therefore, it is only on the flow which we achieved 
via co-lending and direct assignment in the quarter, 4% of that is what will accrue.  
The legacy book, one of the key definitions of the legacy book is a book which is not in the --  -
- not fitting into the asset-light strategy. And therefore, obviously, that book is only earning us 
regular interest spread and not any sort of one-time derecognition income. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vinayak Dujari from Vinayak Securities. 
Vinayak Dujari: 
Sir, basically, my question is the sale which earlier person was asking, what further provisions 
should we expect from the legacy book in the coming future? 
Gagan Banga: 
The legacy book, as you may have noticed, has gone down by about INR9,000 crores since last 
year. That rundown is happening in a pretty orderly manner and should continue. The second 
point that I made was that we have to transform ourselves from being a company in a peculiar 
sort of a situation to be in a company which is very stable, has great parentage and is humming 
along. That sort of a company can't possibly have a growth and a legacy and all of that. 
As we transform to that, that's a discussion and a roadmap that we have to make with our 
incoming investors as to how would they want to do that transaction, do they want to do it in an 
accelerated manner. What type of a product suite do they want? Where does wholesale lending 
fit into that entire picture? 
 
So, as I said, this bear with us for 2 quarters as we build out the road map, we will build out 
everything, the annualized credit costs, etcetera. One thing that I'm very, very clear about is that 
come 2 quarters I'll give you one credit cost number, which need not be split between our dice 
between legacy growth, etcetera. There will be one credit cost number for the AUM 
representative of the entire AUM. And that sort of clarity is something that we are working 
towards. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Amish Kanani from Knowise Investment Managers. 
Gagan Banga: 
And after this, I'll just take one -- after Mr. Amish's question, I'll just take one more question, 
and then we'll end. Mr. Amish, please go ahead. 
Amish Kanani: 
Congrats for the transaction. Sir, one thought in terms of the cost of funds being reduced, how 
do you think about building our product suites with a lower cost of funding in the sense that are 
we thinking of keeping the entire gains in our NIM expansion? Or we are going to create product 
suite, which gives us that cost of fund advantage and we grow our book much faster.  
And in that context, Mr. Banga, this INR35,000 crores growth AUM target for next year, maybe 
it's tentative and depends on the post transaction, what the promoter and promoter face. How do 
you split that in terms of, if at all, some picture of housing versus non-housing and whether we 
use the cost of funding advantage to kind of create the new products around that? 
Gagan Banga: 
So, see, the incoming investor is a very, very conservative corporate. It's their own money, not 
borrowed money. So, they're very, very careful about where every dollar and dime gets put out. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
So, it will be a conservatively run company, which is why I'm hesitating to give out any specific 
breakups in terms of INR35,000 crores, whether INR35,000 crores are the number or not.  
We are capacitizing ourselves for disbursals was around INR35,000 crores, bearing in mind that  
-- our target segments are mid to lower income. So the disbursals would typically be happening 
in lakhs and not small sums of money of a few thousands of rupees. So we're not really going to 
the micro, micro space anytime in the near future. 
 
As a management team, we've also, over the last 20-odd years experienced almost all the asset 
classes, which exist today, have personal experiences around several of those asset classes. And 
there is enough data out there. So, I would say the cost of funds benefit would be split across 3 
pieces of utilization.  
One would be to widen the product suite in which mortgages would continue to play a very vital 
role, the core role, especially over the next 24 to 36 months. This is the business which is scaled 
up. This is the business that we as a team used to do disbursals of INR3,500 crores a month. And 
this would constitute, I would imagine, 80-plus percent of disbursals that we do over the next 24 
months. 
 
As we widen the product suite, today we are focusing on a very small segment, which is ticket 
sizes of, let's say, INR10 lakhs to INR50 lakhs. We can go higher in terms of ticket sizes at least 
up to INR2 crores to INR3 crores without disturbing the granular nature of the book and a certain 
significant portion of the cost of funds would be utilized to address that market. And that market 
on the self-employed side is still a very underserved market in which we can make a pretty 
reasonable return on assets. 
 
So that's a market that will clearly and certainly be part of our overall strategy. That's what the 
management team is most capable of and is most experienced with. The second aspect would be 
to overall increase the return on assets. So clearly, from the 1.5% handle in very quick order, we 
have to increase our return on assets to 2.5% handle. 
 
The third way that we would utilize that savings would be to make the investments that we need 
to make around people, branches and technology. These are large investments. And the savings 
will be significant, but a large part of those savings would be rerouted into building us the 
necessary capacity around people, branches and technology.  
That's how big picture, the utilization of the reduced cost of funds would be, widen the product 
suite, keep mortgages at the core, increase the ROA and use the savings on a residual basis to 
also significantly enhance tech capabilities, significantly enhance the city presence. That's how 
I think things would play out. In terms of what would be the ROA target for fiscal '27, '28, '29, 
'30 and so on, those numbers, please be patient. And in 2 quarters, we should be able to come 
back to you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saumil Bhatia from Motilal Oswal. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Saumil Bhatia: 
Sir, just one quick question. Sir, given the change in the promoters and the company's 
performance challenges over the past few quarters, should we expect any major change in the 
senior leadership team or they will continue after the new promoter come in? 
Gagan Banga: 
This is sort of acqui-hire that they have done, they've obviously -- they are investing a large 
amount of capital, but they're also coming in at a significant discount to book value. So the value 
that they're putting to the company is more around the team and the management team is 
obviously at the core of it.  
The mandate to me is to keep my core team together and make sure that they stay together for 
the next few years because there is a lot of work which needs to get done. You will see changes 
in the management team to the extent that we will have to continue to do hiring. We just added 
significant talent in the form of Himanshu, who has the experience of engineering or both 
witnessing and engineering is a very, very significant turnaround, which created shareholders 
wealth to the tune of 10x, 12x from where he joined to where he left. 
 
So that's a very significant addition.  -- we had made a significant addition in our CTO. We have 
a new Chief Compliance Officer. And so at the top tech, we will continue to make and make 
new people join to add to management bandwidth. But the core of the older people who held the 
ship together for the last 7 years, they are extremely valued, most trusted.  
And each of them has to really now dig in deep for a very different type of a challenge, but which 
is a happy challenge of growth. So, everybody is very focused on growth, and I need everybody 
who stood by the company to continue to stand by the company and also get the fruits of the 
hard work that they put over the last 7 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  
Gagan Banga: 
Yes. Thank you. And on that note, I would want to end this session. Again, thanks for all the 
support. We are, over the course of the next 2 quarters, going to be looking at things that we've 
not really looked back from a scale and size perspective for the last 7 years. It requires a lot of 
energy. It also requires a lot of good wishes and blessings. So please do continue to bless us. 
Please do continue to support us. And we are all very grateful for your good wishes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
This was the last question of the day. On behalf of Sammaan Capital, that concludes this session. 
Thank you. 
