 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
Corporate Office: 13, Sector-44, Gurugram-122 002, Haryana, India. Ph: + 91 12-4518900 
Registered Office: B-6/20, L.S.C., Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi-110 029, India, Ph: +91-11-40511800 
E-mail: enquiries@sandhar.in, website: www.sandhargroup.com; CIN-L74999DL1987PLC029553  
 
 
Ref: STL/SE/ 2025-26/Investor Call Transcript /70 
 
Dated: 20th November, 2025 
 
To,                                                                              To, 
Department of Corporate Services                             Listing Department  
BSE Limited                                                               National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street                   C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai- 400001                                                        Bandra, (E), Mumbai- 400051 
 
BSE Code: 541163, NSE: SANDHAR 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor’s Conference Call held for Q2 FY 2025-2026  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with part A of schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated 10th November, 2025 related to the Investor Conference Call 
and pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the transcript of the Investor’s Conference 
Call held on 17th November, 2025 to discuss the Un-Audited Financial results for the 02nd quarter 
ended 30th September, 2025. 
 
The 
above 
information 
will 
be 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
www.sandhargroup.com.   
 
Further an Audio Recording regarding the Investor Conference Call is submitted to the Stock 
Exchange vide letter dated 17th November, 2025.   
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Yashpal Jain 
 
Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary 
M. No. A13981 
 
Encl. as above 
Yashpal Jain
Digitally signed by 
Yashpal Jain 
Date: 2025.11.20 
17:17:30 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Sandhar Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYANT DAVAR – CHAIRMAN, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER– 
SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. NEEL JAY DAVAR – NON-EXECUTIVE NON-
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR – SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GURVINDER JEET SINGH – WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR AND HEAD, CORPORATE STRATEGY – 
SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. YASHPAL JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY – SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. CHIRAG JAIN – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sandhar Technologies Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chirag Jain from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chirag Jain: 
Thank you, Hamshad. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services, 
I would like to welcome you all to the 2Q FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Sandhar 
Technologies Limited. 
Today, we have with us from the management team, Mr. Jayant Davar, Chairman, Managing 
Director and CEO; Mr. Neel Jay Davar, Director; Mr. Gurvinder Jeet Singh, Whole Time 
Director and Head of Corporate Strategy; and Mr. Yashpal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and 
Company Secretary. We'll begin the call with opening comments from the management team, 
followed by a Q&A session. 
Over to you, Mr. Davar. 
Jayant Davar: 
Thank you, Chirag, and thank you, Hamshad, for putting this call together. Thank you to all the 
investors who've joined early this morning. 
Let me begin by first of all, saying that the auto industry, the domestic auto industry grew by 
about 6.1% in quarter 2 of 2026, out of which the 2-wheeler segment has grown by 7.4%. The 
passenger vehicle segment growth -- actually witnessed a degrowth of 1.5%. 
In terms of how Sandhar has built on this, if you look at -- I'm going to divide this into three 
different parts. One is the Sandhar India business growth, where our revenue from operations 
have grown by 33%. The operational EBITDA grew by 24%, operational EBT grew by 33% 
and operational PAT grew by 28%. 
In terms of our overseas business, if I look at it from quarter-to-quarter, the revenue of operations 
grew by 2%. Operational EBITDA is down by 12%. Operational EBT is done by 29%. But you 
have to keep into context. This was actually, as I had mentioned in the previous calls in the last 
quarter, if you compare it on quarter 1 basis, our losses have dropped by half, and we are very, 
very confident that the next half of the year we'll bring it back on its own two feet, the way we 
had promised it would be. 
If you look at Sandhar's consolidated business growth, our revenue from operations grew by 
29%, operational EBITDA by 19%, EBT by 32% and operational PAT by 15%. In terms of our 
joint venture, I'm very happy to announce, as I had in the past as well, all the 5 joint ventures 
have performed satisfactorily, registering a revenue of 68.57%, which is, of course, calculated 
on the basis of 50% of our partnership. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
And all of them are now PAT positive, and they are on a strong growth in recovery path. We are 
constantly watching the performance and taking all necessary steps in collaboration with our 
joint venture partners for sustained growth and profitability. 
In terms of EVs, the company started commercial invoicing of battery chargers and motor 
controllers. While the pilot of DC-DC converters is getting positive response from the market, 
the customer base is gradually increasing with more customers being added and we generated a 
revenue of INR6.94 crores in the first half of the current financial year. And we expect to do a 
business of around INR15 crores for this financial year. 
What I'm also happy to announce is that the auto industry per se, seems to be on a good trend 
right now. I do believe that the second half of the year, as always, will be stronger. The lucky 
thing is that even in the case of December, November and December, because of the festive 
season, the elongated festive season, our order books are extremely strong. So, we do expect a 
strong third quarter. And of course, as always, a very, very strong quarter 4. 
With that, let me open it up for questions. We have on the call, like Chirag mentioned, we have 
GJ, Neel and Mr. Yashpal Jain, our CFO, who will answer all your questions from the financial 
perspective in a more detailed manner than it possibly can. 
So, thank you. With that, I'm open to question and answer. Thank you all very much once again 
for joining. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of AM Lodha from Sanmati Consultant. 
Please go ahead. 
AM Lodha: 
Sir, my question is that sir, in first half, you kindly referred to your presentation table number 5. 
First half sales have grown from 25% -- 24% from INR 1,896 crores to INR2,360 crores, 
INR2,350 crores, whereas EBITDA is down from -EBITDA has been down from 9.7% to 8.5%. 
EBITDA also down -- EBITDA is down from 9.7% to 8.5%. And the PAT also down from 3.2% 
to 2.3%. In spite of increasing sales by 24%, what may be the reason for the volume EBITDA 
and PAT percentage?  
Jayant Davar: 
Okay. Thank you, Mr. Lodha for that question. I'm glad you asked that question. If you – if I 
compare quarter 2 of '26 with quarter 2 of '25, there are some exceptional items. One is the 
impact of the new projects. You know that we had bought over the unit of Sundaram Clayton, 
and we had put up Pune and South India new projects, which have resulted in a negative case 
scenario or impact of 8.07% on EBITDA margin. 
And the other thing is the machining business, which also cost us INR3.14 crores. In all, the 
total impact on the profitability has been INR11.21 crores. And if you were to normalize this, 
then our EBITDA margin is 10.44% compared to what you see. So, if I look at it, the new 
businesses of -- you are aware that Sundaram-Clayton is the business, which is -- which we've 
just taken over. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
We are in the process of moving it into our new facility. And obviously, it is not generating a 
normalized EBITDA as of right now. Also, another thing I want to -- you mentioned half year, 
which is H1. H1, sir, you know, that the first quarter was extremely tough on us, but the second 
quarter has been relatively much stronger. 
And the H1 figures are only taking into account the impact of that first quarter, which is being 
generated into the second quarter as well. In terms of when you compare it from H1 to H1. So 
those are my comments sir. I'm happy to take on any supplementary questions in this regard. 
AM Lodha: 
Sir, in this -- continue in this question, sir. But in second quarter, you had other income of that 
INR34 crores, total 45 something crore, other income. 
Jayant Davar: 
No, no, no, Lodha ji. 
AM Lodha: 
That has elevated your EBITDA to 10%. 
Jayant Davar: 
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, sir. Our EBITDA -- see, I'm talking of the India business 
normalized revenue. Our normalized India business revenue is INR1,153 versus INR868 in 
quarter 2 versus quarter 2. Operational EBITDA is INR109 crores versus INR84 crores, which 
is 9.47% versus 10.06%. If I was to look at this, then the EBITDA margin is exactly the same 
as 5.5% to 5.5%. 
If I look at the impact that I gave you of 11.21%, our EBITDA is 10.44% versus 10.16%. In fact, 
higher than the quarter 2 of 2025. I'll ask Yashpal ji to please explain this a little further. Yashpal 
ji, if you can come in and explain this, please? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Sure, sir. Good morning, sir. So, basically, may I answer the question? Other income, sir, while 
during the presentation for investors, we haven't included other income for calculating the 
effective EBITDA and margins, sir. Although in the published accounts, it's together because 
the SEBI format is combined on the total PAT level and EBITDA level. 
But the reason -- the exact reason for the downfall is because of the INR11.21 crores that we 
have analysed, and that is out of the five major projects internally that we identified. Out of 
them, three are totally new projects, sir. Relating to two of them for the die casting and one for 
the sheet metal one, which will -- which are going to turn around from April '26. Before that, 
they will continue with the same, I would say, margin base. 
But yes, quarter 2 would be more better for them and we are reviewing them. So, quarter -- sorry, 
quarter 3 and half year 2. They are going to be better compared to this half 1 and quarter 2 of 
the current year. But we have not included the same into calculations. We have removed. 
If you see Slide number 4 of our investor presentation, there we have shown on the top side of 
the left-hand side is operational performance, then there is other income breakup. If you add 
together both of them, they will simply tally with the results that we have submitted to the stock 
exchanges. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Right side is the major reason why we have seen a downfall in the margins. And we are just 
trying to reflect that these are the five projects which are hitting. Had they not been in the place, 
we would have been on the same trajectory that we -- I mean, at the beginning of the year that 
we have presented before the investor community, yes. 
Jayant Davar: 
So, Lodha ji, I think Yashpal ji has explained it. We haven't taken those extraordinary incomes 
into the presentations that have been given. We've only taken the operational, side. For clarity 
for all of you. Thank you.  
Yashpal Jain: 
That's the reason in the Slide number 5, also the margins are shown as down with a red marker. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line Abhishek Kumar Jain from Alfa Accurate. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for a strong set of numbers, sir. Sir, in overseas business, 
we have seen a very strong recovery in this quarter despite that muted growth in the top line. So, 
if you can throw some light on the -- what are the reasons behind this? And the second that how 
the growth will start to come in overseas business? 
Jayant Davar: 
Can you repeat that question? One second? Can you repeat it second time? 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Sir, my question is on that overseas business, what is the reason for the expansion in the margin 
in the quarter-on-quarter basis? And what would be the key growth leverage in the top line 
growth in the coming quarter? 
Jayant Davar: 
Okay. My quick answers to this is, one, the European market has gone down dramatically. It has 
become very volatile with whatever was happening with the Trump administration and the 
overall industry going down. So, Europe was actually losing its orders. We, in the meantime, 
got orders for newer products. Those have started to ramp up, and we are very, very hopeful that 
the second half of the year, while we put a major control on our expenses in quarter 2 compared 
to quarter 1. 
We do believe that now, with that having been taken care of, both in terms of financial cost and 
operational costs, where optimization has been brought in, with new orders kicking in and 
production starts, we do believe that, as we have said, we will try and remove the losses that 
we've had so far in the second part of the year. Yashpal ji, do you want to come in and add 
something to this? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, sir. So, Abhishek, like as we discussed in the earlier quarters during the con call, that we 
are striving our best to turn around the overseas operations. And if you see the Slide number 6 
of the investor presentation, we have given a comparison of the 4 quarters, starting with quarter 
2 of FY '25, which happens to be the corresponding quarter. 
Although you can see a downfall in the revenue. But exactly if you see the margins, they are 
substantially improving compared to quarter 1 of the current year. And I think quarter 3 and 3 
and quarter 4 will be more better. Because as sir has told, the operational cost also we have tried 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
to plug in and as well as the financial decisions, some of the new financial decisions we have 
taken, which will effectively bring down the borrowing cost also. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, in this quarter, we have seen a very high employee expenses. So, what are 
the key reasons of the -- that? Is there any one-offs in employee expense? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Can you repeat, employee? 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Expenses. Employee expenses may be high. So, is there any one-offs in employee expenses? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Actually, the increments of the staff was finalized during this quarter. Although we have been 
taking provisions in the first quarter itself, but when the actual increments are finalized, then 
only we are in a position to know what has been the actual cost. 
And secondly, if you see this time we had an all-time high production also in the revenue in 
terms of our core businesses like the die casting and the sheet metal, which happens to be a 
capital as well as labour-intensive in some reasons. So that is the reason the cost of labour has 
also gone up because we have to supply, and there was all of a sudden demand from the customer 
side. 
So, the more manpower was deployed and the machines are also running for all the three shifts 
in many of the months. That's the reason. Otherwise, it's going to be normalized in the coming 
quarter 3. But yes, the increments are finalized in quarter 2. So always, there is a gap between 
the actual performance based and the provisioning that we are carrying in the books. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Okay. Got it. And the depreciation has gone down in this quarter versus the last quarter. So, 
what is the reason of that fall in depreciation? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. So -- exactly. If you remember, like we have said in earlier calls also, we regularly revisit 
our depreciation policy and the effective life of the assets. And the reasons like the intangibles, 
etcetera, which we have projected earlier, now they have started going out of the books, in the 
sense, they have depreciated to the full extent. So that is the reason in the coming period of time, 
the depreciation will be in the similar pattern. 
Initially, we have provided higher because we assume because normally for intangibles, we 
amortize over a period of 3 to 5 years, depending on their effective -- effectiveness and the 
product penetration in the market. So, gradually, once the intangibles are written off, the 
depreciation will be in the normal course. That's the reason. 
And we are regularly revisiting the effective life of the assets in consultation with the technical 
valuers and the statutory auditors. And basis that, we are revaluating the life of the assets. So, 
that is the only change. Apart from that, it continues to be the same. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Got it. And sir, in ADC revenue growth in this quarter, that remain strong in the domestic side. 
So, how is the review trajectory of the Sundaram-Clayton and basically, what is the EBITDA 
margin in this quarter and how that margin will improve in the coming quarter? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, like Abhishek, if you see the ADC share has gone up, even in the overseas and domestic. So 
overseas, if we negate from the half year, the last remains to be the domestic share. So roughly 
in this quarter, the ADC business has been about 32%, right? So, yes, which includes a revenue 
of INR198 crores from Sundaram-Clayton business despite that India business standalone 
quarter 2 has given INR177 crores of revenue to us, which is up versus INR130 crores in the 
corresponding Q2 of FY '25. 
So, this growth will continue to come as we expand our lines. But as for the margin profile, the 
Sundaram business has given us a margin of 4.48% only for the half year. But it was -- near to 
5% for quarter 2, which means the improvement over quarter 1. So -- but as we shared our plans 
earlier, like along with the machining, we expect something 11%, 12%. And in terms of S-cost, 
the margins are expected to be around 9.5% to 10%, 10.15%, that's all.  
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
So, this is INR198 crores in the first half or in the second quarter? 
Yashpal Jain: 
It is half year. 198 is half year. So, second quarter is INR102 crores remaining was quarter 1. 
But the margins have improved. We are close to 5% in quarter 2 for the Sundaram business. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Okay. And how will be the margin in the coming quarter, sir? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, coming quarter, we had a discussion with the business head. But yes, the relocation cost of 
the plant will also be coming in the coming half year. Also, our premises rental will be coming 
up. Our new premises are a much bigger one compared to the existing because new set of 
machines are going to be deployed. 
So, this year, we expect it to be around 5%. But yes, from the next year onwards, as the business 
team has indicated, they will be going back to around 9% or something. So that we are generating 
from other businesses or other parallel businesses. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Thank you, sir. That's all from my side. 
Yashpal Jain: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sailesh Raja from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. Sir, this quarter, on the absolute amount basis, we witnessed 
significant drop in assembly business on both Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q. Is there any reclassification 
here? Or any other reason for drop in sales? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Assembly business, Sailesh ji? 
Sailesh Raja: 
Yes, yes, correct. Yes, sir. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. So, assembly business, if you recall, we are into the spokes wheel. We are not into the alloy 
wheels. And one of the reasons is that the premium segment is now being replaced by the alloy 
wheels. So, there's not much reclassification. It continues to be the same. If we see the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
assembly’s volume in half year against 10.5%, it is 9.6%, right, sir? That's what we have -- yes. 
So, it's a normal 1%, something down 0.9%, I would say because... 
Sailesh Raja: 
Absolute amount, it has come down a lot, actually. If you llook at… 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, absolute, it has come down a lot. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Yes. Last quarter, it was INR104 crores. Now this quarter, it is INR64 crores. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Exactly. But we have not done any reclassification because likely you say, if you see the 
assembly business, major of the components are coming from the customer side itself. So, while 
everything is dependent on how the volume will be performing. 
Otherwise, I mean with the passage of time, the spokes will be largely replaced by the alloy 
wheels in the coming period of time. As of now, the mopeds and some segment of the bikes are 
being run on the spokes wheel. So that's the reason it is going down. 
But nevertheless, we are not idle space because we have combined the assembly and sheet metal 
businesses. So, everything will be, I would say, adjusted with the sheet metal business in place 
of assembly business in the coming period of time. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Okay, okay. Sir, for the past year, we have been waiting for quarterly revenue run rate to reach 
around INR1,200 crores and we have touched that number.  But if you see the margins only, 
again, bottom line, still we have not achieved it. 
With this high scale, still we have not crossed 10%. Can you help us understand what specific 
costs continue to crop up? And by when should we expect the margins to improve meaningfully? 
Again, you are saying there will be a rental cost. Some of the costs are coming, keep cropping 
up. So, can you please explain on that by when we can start seeing 11% EBITDA that we have 
guided earlier? 
And also, can you please discuss about the overseas business? Which geography is currently 
dragging the overall performance and what are all the measures we are taking to turn around the 
operation? And also, recently, I came across an article highlighting a sharp increase in power 
cost in Romania. So, how is the company planning to mitigate these challenges and start 
supporting 11% plus of EBITDA at this INR1,200 plus crores of top line? 
Jayant Davar: 
Sailesh ji, like… 
Yashpal Jain: 
 
Yes, sir, you want to answer? 
Jayant Davar: 
No, no, I just want to answer -- I'm not going to answer on the numbers, I think Mr. Raja would 
-- you would be able to answer the numbers better. I just wanted to give the supplement of a 
comment that was made in Romania and for the overseas business. The overseas business, Mr. 
Raja, is now in a mode of consolidation. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
I don't know where we've got this information about power costs going up in Romania. Actually, 
the European power cost has started to come down during the time of the pandemic. And post 
that, power cost has gone up dramatically. In fact, gas costs have gone up 8x, 800%, especially 
with the war between Russia and Ukraine. Gradually, it started to come down. 
It is still not at the level as what was there before the war, but it has come down dramatically 
because of operations in Romania are lower than those in Spain by a significant margin. We do 
want to take advantage of the new facility that has been set up there. You are aware that the 
regular production there also got suffered on it out of the war. 
But I think the worst is behind us. It has now been established gradually by the month, Romania 
is going up. We are trying to shift some business. In fact, some of the new projects that are 
coming in into the overseas business are being routed through Romania. And it's on that basis 
that we do believe that margins will go up, as was projected. 
In fact, if you look at our overseas business in the past, our margins there are higher than those 
of the Indian business. They were at about 12.5%-13% of margins. We expect those margins to 
come back very, very shortly. I don’t see that margins are going to be an issue. 
The European business, you also have to consider the fact that with the depreciation of the rupee 
and the euro becoming stronger, we have had translation losses. And when the overall business 
is in a loss, in the Indian context and in translation to the Indian rupee, that has a double whammy 
impact. And that's what has happened. 
But going forward, I do believe that the overseas business will come back to its normal feet. And 
we are very, very hopeful that in the second half of the year, we will be able to mitigate any 
losses that have been there in the previous quarters. So that is the impact on the margins in the 
overseas business. 
In terms of the Indian business, you did mention. But I think if you actually calculate the Indian 
business on a normalized revenue, then on an EBT platform, we are exactly the same margin as 
we were in quarter 2 of financial year '25. 
But if you were add to it, the impact on profit on account of the new business that has been taken 
in, which is the Sundaram-Clayton business and two new plants in Pune and South India, we are 
actually at a margin of 10.44% vis-a-vis 10.16%, which was there in the last year. So, if you ask 
me, we are on a very, very health scenario. 
Now obviously, growth sometimes does mitigate and take away some of the margin growth, and 
that has happened with the growth coming in from the acquisition, whereas Mr. Yashpal ji said, 
our margins are about 4.5% right now. We do believe by the end of the year, despite the rentals 
and despite all of that and during the year translation and transition that has happened, we will 
still end up at 4.5%, 5%. 
But from next year onwards, we will go back to being a normalized diecasting business that we 
run with margins in the other businesses that we have. So, we are very hopeful and very happy 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
that things will normalize very, very quickly. And therefore, that's the reason we have subjugated 
and have given you a feed on the normalized versus the revenue that would have been impacted 
or affected otherwise. I hope that answers your question. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Yes, sir. Clear, sir. Yes, yes, very clear, sir. Sir, actually, with improvement in second half in 
India business, margin improvement, and also you are guiding overseas also, there will be 
improvement in margins. So, by year-end, what ROC that you are targeting, sir, this year and 
next year consolidated? 
Jayant Davar: 
Sir, again in terms of ROC -- yes, yes, you asked me about the ROC. If you look at sir, the India 
business, if you look at as on 30th September, if I was to look at adjusted capital employed in 
ROCE, we are on an annualized number this year at 16.09%. 
Now -- so this is compared to 15.5% of last year. We have given a call, and we have mentioned 
in the past that our aspiration is to reach a level of 18% as soon as possible. So, we're working 
hard, and that is our target. Yashpal ji, do you want to say more on this? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. Absolutely, sir, I echo what you have said, because initially in the first phase, we have 
given a target of 15% going to 18%. This will be pretax and subsequently for the post-tax one, 
sir. So, bearing three projects, as we discussed earlier also, two of the die casting businesses and 
one of the cabins and fabrication, these three are the new projects, which are giving us a little 
tough time this year. 
But as we have discussed with the business teams, they are expecting to start full production in 
this by April 26. In the Pune die casting, we have received now the customer consent also. And 
from next year, April, the volumes will gradually start. So, that’s the reason this new business, 
which is dragging us down, would again be in the same profit trajectory. So, hopefully, we will 
be able to achieve what we have promised to the market. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Okay. Great, sir. Thank you, sir. All the best.  
Yashpal Jain: 
Thank you, Sailesh ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajit Aggarwal from Nilgiri Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Good morning, sir, and congratulations for a good set of results in this tough environment. I 
have a few questions. Some of the questions pertain to some of the things we discussed in the 
Q1 call. So, one was, we had mentioned that the smart locks production will begin in Q2. Has 
that started and what is the kind of volumes we are seeing there? 
Jayant Davar: 
Okay. Smart locks has started, sir. The volumes are small. So, we did get a review from some of 
the customers. We have two main customers. One project has been delayed a little bit, so they 
are in a stage where we've shipped out some. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
But we do expect that the last quarter, there will be a little bit of smoothening of operations there 
where we will be supplying smart locks more on a daily basis than a weekly kind of basis which 
is being done now. But yes, to answer your question, yes, we've started smart locks already. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Okay. Wonderful, sir. And we have taken an approval for a QIP of INR500 crores. Can you 
update the status? And in the same context, there is a news of a sheet metal fabrication company 
being put up for acquisition. It's an Italian group. I don't know if you have heard of it, but are we 
considering any such possibility in near future? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, you know that Rajit, all I want to say here is that there are various opportunities that are 
brought up on the table. We are much more careful with any kind of inorganic growth. We would 
want to pursue it. In fact, the point that you mentioned, the QIP was to be kept as Voucher 
(Backup) in case any such opportunities were to arise. We still haven't finalized on any so far. 
There are several that one keeps on looking. 
But we are very, very mindful that any inorganic growth that we consider, whether from M&A 
or from any new project, has the potential in the medium term to be able to reward the 
stakeholders with an appropriate return on capital employed. 
I think Yashpalji also mentioned that we are looking at an 18% pre-tax to begin with and then 
post-tax return to the shareholder. Keeping that in mind, if we come across opportunities where 
we can deliver and it's a part of our strategy and core competence, we will go ahead for that. 
At this point of time, I do not have anything to report. As and when, if something were to come 
about, obviously, you will be among all the investors who will be the first ones to know. 
 Rajit Aggarwal: 
Wonderful, sir. Thank you. So, may I ask a few more questions? If you permit.  
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, yes. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Yes, okay. Sir, do we have HMSI as a customer and what is their share of business? How has 
the performance been of that business in Q2? 
Jayant Davar: 
So, Rajit, we were -- you are aware that a few years ago, HMSI was not a part of the business, 
was not a customer, largely on account of the fact that we were at one point of time associated 
as being a Hero supplier and there were some tensions between the two of them. But for the past 
few years, we have started business. 
We have now started in every category of their supply and what we hold a core competence in. 
So, whether it is sheet metal, whether it is castings, whether it is locks, whether it is mirrors, we 
are in all those businesses now. You are aware that the latest technologies in terms of smart locks 
and so on have been awarded to us. 
 
They have become a strong customer for us going forward. I do believe that that number or a 
percentage of our revenue will grow dramatically with HMSI. In front of me, I don't know if 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Yashpal ji has a number of what percentage we do right now. But it has been growing constantly 
and it has been growing quite aggressively. 
There are some new projects that are starting with HMSI as we speak. In fact, HMSI also is a 
customer for our helmet. So, they cover a large part of the dimensions of all that we do. 
Yashpalji, if you have the number of percentage as to what we did last year? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Sure, sir. Yes, for the current quarter, I mean quarter 2, the HMSI share is 4.2%. And for half 
year also, it is 4.2%. Whereas in the corresponding year, it was 3.7%. So, 0.5% we have gained. 
But as sir has said, the new projects are in the pipeline. So, in the coming period of time, 
especially in FY26-27, the HMSI share will go up with the new products giving us a revenue. 
Jayant Davar: 
So, Rajit, just to answer that and add to this, it was 3.7%, it is 4.2%. If you look at pure revenue, 
obviously that number is much higher on account of the fact that the overall company has grown 
by 30%. So, if the 30% growth in the company means 3.7% to 4.2%, adds and supplements to 
even that growth that has happened. I hope you understand that, right? 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Right, absolutely. Thank you, sir. Sir, just one clarification on Sundaram-Clayton's numbers. So, 
last quarter, I think during the call it was mentioned we did INR103 crores of sales. And this 
quarter is same. Is it correct or did I get the numbers wrong? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yashpal ji, can you answer? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, I'll just answer, sir. So, Sundaram-Clayton, the effective sale is now INR198 crores for the 
half year. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Okay. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, yes, it was around INR95 crores last quarter. 102-103, roughly, I mean 92.5 and 102.5. This 
is how the breakup is quarter 1 and quarter 2 between. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Okay. Okay. So, I think there was some miscommunication in the Q1 numbers. Maybe I'll get 
back to you on that.  
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, no issues. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Have you added any customer in Europe in the last one or two quarters? Any new customers? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, in the new -- I mean, there's a process to add a customer like RFQs, then the quotes, etcetera. 
That process started. There are 4-5 new customers coming in the pipeline. So, as sir has also 
answered previously in this session, we are going to see a new customer base also starting might 
be quarter 4 of our financial year and quarter 1 of their financial year, which is effective Jan '27 
-- '26. 
Rajit Aggarwal: 
Okay. Okay. Wonderful. Thank you, sir. Thanks, sir. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Jain from Emkay Global Financial 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Jain: 
Yes. Sir, just a few questions. I think you did touch upon the JV performance which has 
improved significantly over the past few years. Any thoughts you want to share in terms of over 
the next 2-3 years, how we should see all JVs put together or maybe any one or two JVs which 
you would like to highlight in terms of, let's say, which can contribute significantly. 
As of now, I think PAT contribution is about 6%-7% in terms of our overall contribution. How 
do we see, let's say, over the next 2, 3 years, JV is doing for us in terms of numbers? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, Chirag, thank you for that question. It's a good question in terms of JV performance. 
Obviously, the JV revenues don't show up in a consolidation on a stand-alone and therefore, we 
reported separately. The JVs are a way for us to keep relevant in terms of newer technologies. 
And it keeps us in the international domain of customers who want to buy and set up things in 
India where we become the local suppliers also. So that is the large intent. 
What we are interested in is that the operations of these JVs give a good return in terms of 
aggregate to the investments that have been put in. So, if you look at it from a perspective of 
return on capital employed, if you look at it in terms of return on equity, of course, the capital 
employed has become larger with the previous losses. 
 
But going forward, like I said, all our joint ventures are profitable. Each one of them gives us an 
opportunity of breaking into newer technologies that are still not being used in India. But as and 
when they become a significant part of the component pack in India, we would be way ahead 
with our joint venture partners to be able to operate through the industry. 
 
So, there is a strategic intent to these joint ventures. But at the same time, we are also very 
conscious that whatever investments there are in the joint ventures give us an adequate return 
that justifies the financial impact of what we are doing. I do believe that each one of the five 
joint ventures that you see here are important. Each one of them have a new take. 
If you look at our joint ventures, whether they be in the area of rear parking sensors, whether 
they be in the area of shark fin antennas, whether they be in the area of new kind of cables, 
whether you look at special electronic small componentry, I think each one of them has a much 
higher level of potential not only in terms of the auto industry, but in some cases, even the non-
auto industry which could become very important into the future. Thank you. 
Chirag Jain: 
Thank you, sir. Just a couple of more questions. So, I think in two of our businesses, so one is 
Vision Systems, we have more or less doubled our revenues. In fact, even in the first quarter, we 
had almost 30% sort of growth. Can you please elaborate in terms of what is driving this and 
how do we see the outlook for second half and probably going ahead? 
Jayant Davar: 
 I do believe, I will not give any special outlook for the Vision Systems in the second half. I do 
believe that the growth that you are seeing will continue even in the second half and beyond. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Some of it is coming from features that have been added into these mirrors. Some of it is do 
coming from volumes. 
And in the next quarter, we do see some growth on account of addition of new customers. So, if 
I look at it, the entire wallet from market share to premiumization will take impact and growth 
which will then help us in a faster growth in the Vision Systems business. 
Chirag Jain: 
Thank you. And just lastly on the cabins and fabrication business. I think this business has been 
somewhat subdued for the past three quarters largely because of the emission norm changes in 
the construction equipment industry. 
So, what are the, let’s say, outlook for this business now going ahead? Are we largely through 
with the emission norm changes on the ground and the price increases has been largely absorbed? 
Any thoughts on that and then I will come back in the queue. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, to a large extent, yes. We have started green shoots of new orders coming in. The cabin and 
fabrication business, like you said, was affected a lot. With the change in the emission norms, 
there was a lot of inventory lying with the customers. 
I do believe that the new orders that I see in quarter 3 and quarter 4 of this financial year seem 
to be much more solid compared to what we had in the first half of the year. Fingers crossed. 
But that's the information that I have. So, we ourselves are conservative in our approach even 
for the second half of the year. But I do believe it was definitely better than what was there in 
the first half. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much, sir. Hamshad, we can go back to the 
question queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Disha from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Disha: 
Okay. So, sir, we've seen like other income go up very sharply in Q1 and Q2. So, what is the 
kind of trajectory we expect for other income to stay going ahead? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yashpal ji, do you want to comment? I don't know if he's been disconnected, so let me answer 
this question. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Am I audible, sir? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, I will just answer the question. So, other income has been exceptional in nature. That's the 
reason we have presented it separately in our investor presentation on Slide number 4. And the 
biggest other income came from one of the plants that we did the consolidation in cabins and 
fabrication in Bangalore. There we got a profit of INR34 crores in the disposal of the land. That's 
the reason. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
Otherwise, there is no as such planning to increase other income. More or less, it will continue 
as a casual income coming exceptionally. That's all. Because we are more focused on the 
operational business. So, there is no other source of other income. 
Disha: 
All right, all right. And sir, we just mentioned that we started smart locks production has just 
started. So, what sort of EBITDA margins do we see for that segment? 
Jayant Davar: 
I do believe that, Disha, smart locks business is as appropriate as any other locks business. At 
this point of time, we do believe that the margins will be probably better because the volumes 
are smaller.  
But as the volumes go up, there will be shrinkage in terms of the overall price of these smart 
locks. But at any point of time, as our locks business is, that gives us a margin of 12%-14%. 
That's the kind of an EBITDA margin that we consider also in the smart locks business. 
Disha: 
All right. All right. And sir, going ahead, just like a bit of your comment on the product mix 
because we have seen the segment of ADC rise up very sharply. So, what are, like, the two, three 
major products that we see dominating the product mix going ahead? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, Disha, the way I look at it, we look at ourselves as four basic verticals. There are times 
when one is kicked up ahead of the others. You saw casting business grow. In the last year and 
a half, you have seen that our business of sheet metal has grown significantly. 
And that is on a very, very aggressive path as well where we set up new businesses. From a 
business only a few years ago, which was less than INR200 crores, we are now looking at 
crossing INR1,000 crores of the same business in sheet metal. The same aggressiveness has been 
in die casting.  
 
 
At this point of time, I think Chirag has asked this question and I said that the cabin fabrication 
is a business which is muted for the moment. But I think going ahead and in the next few years, 
that could also take an aggressive shift. Let's not forget the main business which has been the 
automotive business of locks and mirrors and so on and so forth. 
I think with smart locks and with a few other technologies that are in the pipeline, that will have 
a dramatic impact of growth in the coming years to come. So, I am not saying what is happening. 
I do believe that each one of these verticals has a strong momentum coming ahead. 
 
Some years we will see one racing ahead, some years we will see the other racing ahead. But 
our belief is in all these four businesses, keeping up to the level of growth that we have 
anticipated for the entire company. Which is, like I have said in the past, we would want to grow 
at least double of what the industry is growing at. 
Disha: 
All right, all right. That's it from my side. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aryan Jain from Ary Capital. Please go ahead. 
We seem to have lost the participant. The next question is from the line of Vidhi Shah from 
CRK. Please go ahead. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Hello, sir. I wanted to know what kind of margin trends can we expect in Sundaram and what is 
the timeline that we can expect? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, Sundaram-Clayton, as we discussed earlier during the call also, we are expecting the margins 
to be in the normal die-casting, I mean at par with our other die casting business, which runs 
around a margin of 9%-10% in between Ascast.  
 
So, the same margin we are expecting for Sundaram-Clayton going forward. But yes, that will 
start coming up from April '26 once we are into our own premises and also, we add two new 
machines that we have set up the entire plant. So, that's going to come from April '26 only. 
Vidhi Shah:  
Okay. And for the overall business, what is the kind of margin trend that we can expect ahead 
and what will be the growth levels for the same? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, basically, as we promised and we discussed with the market in earlier calls, we want to go 
up to a margin of 11% in the next 2 years of time with the improvement of around 50 bps, I 
mean 10-50 bps every year. Unfortunately, quarter 1, as we discussed earlier, was not so well 
for us. That is the reason in overall half year the margins have been down. 
But we expect to go around 11% of a healthy margin from operations. And the growth drivers 
would be all business segments because sometimes, as sir has just said, some businesses are up, 
some are down. So, that's how it goes like a family, all the business verticals. If one of the 
verticals is facing a tough time, other one supports it. 
But as the driving expectations, as we mentioned that we want all the four business verticals to 
be a big business vertical with average profit margin of -- EBITDA margin of 11%. And ROCE, 
we intend to achieve 18% pre-tax in the first phase and then later on followed by 18% post-tax 
in the coming period of time. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Okay, sir. And just one last question. As you mentioned, the Europe, the sales were down 
because of the volatile market. So, what is your outlook on that? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, basically, -- yes, overseas we are working on three different legs. One is increasing the 
operational efficiency over there. At the same time, cutting down the operational costs. Second 
is we are trying to increase the customer base also from a traditional set of customers. We are 
moving to new customers also. And just trying to tie up them from our existing facilities itself. 
And the third one is that we are doing a financial re-engineering also in terms of borrowings and 
other product mix also. 
So, these are three set of -- I mean, the areas where we are concentrating. So, even though the 
revenues might be in the same range, because till the time we see a final arrangement between 
the European Union and US markets and other markets. But at least plan is that we should not 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
incur the losses and we turn around to a breakeven in the first phase and go back to our earlier 
margins in the coming period of time. 
So, in overseas, what is important for us to sustain our business, to have margins in the business, 
despite the volumes might remain constant if the market condition doesn't improve, but the thing 
is that the return should come and there should not be any losses in the project. This is our first 
and prime task over there. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Okay, sir. And by how much time do you think you can move in that direction? Near breakeven? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. So, like in Europe, they are following the calendar year as the financial year. I mean, the 
update that we are getting from the overseas businesses, quarter 3 will be better compared to 
quarter 2. As you have seen in the presentation also, the quarter 2 was better than quarter 1 of 
the current financial year. 
So, we are expecting our quarter 3 to be better, followed by quarter 4 to be neutral in terms of 
margins and losses. We expect to be in greener. This is our prime desire. 
Vidhi Shah: 
All right. Thank you for answering my questions. All the best to you, sir. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shiladitya, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Shiladitya: 
So, a question on the margin side, right? You mentioned that there were costs associated with 
new businesses. We understand. But at a consolidated level for FY '26 and, let's say, FY '27, 
what sort of overall margins we can expect? Can we expect to hit 11% margins by FY '27? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Well, if you see the guidance that we have been giving to the market was that the current year, 
we would like to something between 9.9 to 10.40 and another 50 bps in FY '26-'27. So, going 
by that, it is around 10.90 or I mean sub-11. But since in the current year, the quarter one, as you 
all know, we have given the reasons also has not fared well. 
But yes, for the next year, we intend to be about 10.5%. That's how we are working. And all 
these three new projects as expected to go live in the full volumes, which happens to be two die 
casting businesses and one is the cabins. And plus the overseas business going into the old flair. 
Eventually, we should go to that margin in the coming period of time. 
Shiladitya: 
Okay. So, for the current financial year, will we be able to hit at least a double-digit margin? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, our efforts are to a double-digit margin. At least we close a double-digit margin by March 
'26. So, as sir has said in the beginning of the call, quarter 3 and 4 would have a, I mean, backup 
of a strong demand. 
 
So, proportionately, we are working on the same that at least these two quarters run about 10%. 
So, that our average margin should land something beyond 10%. That is the prime task. But let's 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
see how quarter three goes. Everything will be dependent on quarter 3. And that time, we'll come 
back to the all-investor community how we are going to do in this current financial year. 
Shiladitya: 
Okay. And from a growth outlook perspective, consolidated basis for this year and coming 
couple of years, like do you want to share some outlook there? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, like in terms of revenues and volumes, the market is going well and the customer base that 
we are having in terms of the ways they are also performing well. So, keeping their growth in 
line, I think our growth should continue the guidance that we gave in the beginning of the year, 
that at least 15% of the normal business and the rest is a Sundaram guidance also, the additional 
revenues. I think we should be able to meet that by the end of this year. Because quarter 2 this 
year is a…  
Shiladitya: 
Sorry, Sundaram is around INR400 crores annual business? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, annual is INR400 crores, it is 198 for the half year. So, we have given up to 15% of the 
revenue growth in the existing business plus 400 of the Sundaram. So, that's the reason we are 
on the track. I think we should be able to because 23-70 something, 23-60 is the revenue that we 
have played in the half year. 
 
So, we are well on the track and the quarter 2 has been good in terms of volumes because of 
festival also there, then there was a GST realignment by the government also, which helped to 
push the demand. So, I think 3 and 4 should also be good, especially in the fourth quarter with 
the new models coming in. So, now we are trying our best to increase the volumes. So, let's see 
how it goes. 
Shiladitya: 
Okay. And anything on the capex side, like -- and also the debt position and the plans to reduce 
and all, can you share some view? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, sure. So, like on the capex side, in the beginning of the year, we have said that around 
INR300 crores of capex would be there, including the Sundaram one also. So, and the debt is 
around 858 in the month of September. But yes, our working capital requirement has increased. 
There is a reason that that has gone up. 
 
Earlier, we were having some favorable payment terms from some of the customers, which has 
been now rolled back to the earlier levels. But it's a part of the business, a part of the arrangement 
that we already factored. And in terms of the debt, I think it should be around 850 to 900 
something, keeping in view the working capital requirements as our business is going up, we 
need to maintain inventories also and the receivables also. 
 
The collection period is 45 days, while suppliers in some of the cases is 30 days also or 45 days 
also. This is how we need to maintain capex. Hello. Yes, can you hear me? 
Shiladitya: 
Yes, yes. We can hear you.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. Sure. So the INR300 crores of capex we have planned for this year, including some overseas 
and remaining for the end year. 
Shiladitya: 
So, are you planning to reduce or continue at this kind of level? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, basically, like for that, like three of the unfinished projects are in the pipeline that we have 
mentioned. The Sundaram, and also, we are doing some additional capex of INR40 crores to 
INR50 crores. So, majority of the same will be coming up in by the month of March while we 
shift to our premises. 
And then there's another die casting coming up in Pune and the cabins and fabrication again in 
Pune. So, we have to complete the same. With this, we will be through with all the capex in 
terms of new projects. So, that's the reason repayment is going continuously in terms of term 
loans. 
So, if you see term loans, we have already repaid around an instalment of INR45 crores in the 
first half. The similar will be coming in the next half also. As I said, the requirement of working 
capital is going on. So, the debt portion, the breakup of working capital is going up in the overall 
debt compared to the term borrowing. So, working capital is directly dependent on the business. 
So, nothing to worry about that. That's what I can say. 
Shiladitya: 
Right. So, if we are turning to capex, will it be less? Because we have been doing a lot of capex 
something like in the last few years, right? So, is it like going to reduce the capex intensity going 
forward? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So, like we have done a capex in the last 3 years, there has been a huge, because you see, we 
had a very negligible presence in die casting and sheet metal. So, the revenues are also now 
started coming up from those businesses. As far as those businesses are concerned, I think they 
are through the same, but yes, you know, the business expansion, it is a continuous process. 
 
The customers are reaching out and we don't have the capacities or the facilities that obviously 
the capex will be coming. But last 4 years has been a major capex because we did a major 
expansion in these two of the verticals. Now, going forward, we have a presence, we have the 
facilities. If something will be coming, that will be in the sub-range of INR40 crores to INR50 
crores per project. 
 
If something new comes up, that too at the customer requirement with assured volumes and 
margin base to us. And I think this year we are through with the major capex’s, but yes, we are 
now focusing on increasing our base in our main property, I would say the automotive business, 
which is the Vision and Locking system. 
So, you could see something coming up over there, I mean new over there with new technologies 
coming in, we might have to seek a new technology partner and all those sorts of investment 
might come in the coming period of time. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
And safety and environmental capex’s are also there, which government is putting. So, all these 
things, I mean, INR150 crores to INR200 crores is a normal capex for an industry like us. Which 
includes the environmental norms also, the safety capex’s also, the growth capex’s also, and 
there is a replacement, renovation of our old manufacturing facilities also. So, this is all. 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, just to supplement and clarify, I don't see anything which is happening on the basis of 
inorganic right now. What will be required will be incremental capex on incremental growth 
basis. Right now, with the additions that have been done in capex in the last couple of years, we 
do have a lot of capacity that will be utilized. 
So, in short, there doesn't seem to be any major requirement of capex in the next 12 months at 
least. We are well within our framework to grow at the rate at what you've been seeing us grow 
without further capex required on a large basis. Like Yashpal ji said, there is always incremental 
and maintenance capex that is required. But beyond that, nothing. Thank you. 
Shiladitya: 
 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, let me once again thank all the investors who took out time to meet us this morning. I want 
to thank Emkay, Chirag, Hamshad, who put this entire thing together. Thank you for your 
patience, ladies and gentlemen. 
 
All I can say is that your company seems to be on a good growth path with a team that's working 
very, very hard to ensure that our stakeholders are kept happy. I'm also happy to report that your 
customers, both new and old, are happy. I'm also happy to report that the quality products that 
we supply are very well accepted, and I look forward to in terms of new developments of similar 
part. 
 
We are also very happy to report that we have a good set of energetic employees who are working 
also extremely hard to deliver what is required in the market. We are guided by a very good set 
of Board of Directors and our senior leadership teams and management group teams. 
Once again, thank you all. And although a little early, let me take this opportunity of wishing 
each one of you a very, very happy new year and God bless in every way. Thank you all very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
