IMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS — 
SAMHI Hotels Ltd. 
Correspondence: 
Tel: +91 124 4910100 
Fax 
44910199 
www sambi coin 
04 November 2025 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Maharashtra, India 
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 543984 
Scrip Code: SAMHI 
Sub: Transcripts of Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call with the 
Investors or Analysts held on Wednesday, 29 October 2025 at 11:00 a.m. (IST). 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Sanjay Jain 
Senior Director- Corporate Affairs, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above
SANJAY 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
SANJAY JAIN 
Date: 2025.11.04 
22:22:02 +05'30'

SAM 
—SALART HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
= 
“SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY 26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
October 29, 2025 
“E&OE -This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on 29" October 2025 will prevail.” 
SAMHAL 
AT HOTEL INVESTMENTS— 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH JAKHANWALA — CHAIRMAN, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. RAJAT MEHRA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. GYANA DAS — EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND 
HEAD OF INVESTMENTS 
MR. NAKUL MANAKTALA — SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
INVESTMENTS 
Page 1 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
Ladics and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and HI FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of SAMHI Hotels Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the belicfs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performances and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to M. Ashish Jakhanwala, Chairman, MD and CEO of SAMHI 
Hotels Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you so much. Good morning, everyone, and weleome to SAMHI Hotels Quarter 2FY 126 
Earnings Call. Thank you for taking out the time to join us today. I'm also joined by our CFO, 
Rajat Mehra; Head of Investments and EVP, Gyana Das; Nakul, who is SVP of Investments. 
Our Investor Relations partner, Strategic Growth Advisors is also on the call today. 
We have uploaded our quarter 2 financial year 126 financials and investor presentations on the 
exchanges and on our website, and I hope everyone's had a chance to go through them. This 
quarter marks an important mileston for SAMHL one where we have not only delivered another 
quarter of consistent operating petformarce, but also announced 2 transformational growth 
projects that expand our portfolio into new strategic markets. 
Let me start with a quick overview of the quarter before we move into the specifics. For quarter 
2 FY '26, our same-store RevPAR grew by 11.2% year-on-year basis to INR5,026 perfectly in 
line with the long-term guidance of RevPAR growing between 9% to 11% CAGR. Total income 
for the quarter was INR 296 crores, up 11% on a year-on-year basis, while EBITDA grew at 
INR 110 crores a 14% increase, with margins improving to 37.3%. 
Profit affer tax stood at INR 99 crores, which includes the reversal of the Navi Mumbai land 
impairment of INR 57 crores. Our balance sheet is in its strongest position since listing. Net debt 
to EBITDA has reduced to 2.9, Average interest cost has fallen to 8.5, and our credit rating has 
recently been upgraded to A+ with a stable outlook. In simple terms, our portfolio is delivering 
strong growth. Our balance sheet is delevered, and we now have ample financial flexibility to 
fund next phase of expansion. 
Now let me turn to what truly makes this quarter transformational, the growth projects we have 
announced. We are proud to announce SAMHT's entry into India's Financial Capital with a 
Iandmark dual-branded hotel development in Navi Mumbai, which will redefine both Navi 
Mumbai's skyline and also SAMHI's future. 
This project, which is proposed under the Westin and Fairfield brands by Marriott 
will be located 
near the upcoming Navi Muibai International Airport and DY Patil Stadium at the convergence 
Page 2 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Rajat Mehra: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
of major infrastructure such as the Atal Setu and a growing base of commercial and data center 
developments. We are happy to contribute to the state's commitment to make Navi Mumbai a 
world-class city. 
The Phase 1 of this hotel project will comprise around 400 rooms with a potential to expand to 
700 rooms, making the SAMHT's largest hotel by room count. This project i strategic for several 
reasons. It gives us our first presence in the Mumbai metropolitan region, filling a key gap in 
our portfolio. This is truly a transformational step that completes our presence across India's 5 
largest office markets, Delhi NCR, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Punc and now Murbai. 
It extends our proven city center to new center strategy similar to what we've executed in 
Gurgaon, Outer Ring Road Bangalore and Financial District in Hyderabad. It positions us to 
benefit from the structural demand shift by large-scale infrastructure and corporate investments 
in Navi Mumbai. 
The cost to complete the Phase 1 of this development will be about INR 650 crores, which 
includes land approvals and development costs for the initial 400 rooms, thus entailing a cost 
perkey of about 
INR 1.65 crores to INR 1.7 crores per key, well below what would 
be considered 
replacement cost for similar projects in Mumbai. We estimate this capex to be staggered over a 
period of 
3 to 4 years. 
The second major milestone this quarter is signing of 
a 260-room mid-scale hotel under a long- 
term variable lease in Hyderabad Financial District, one of India's fastest-growing office 
corridors. This is the third property in the precinct alongside the Sheraton and the Fairfield by 
Marriott, With this addition, SAMHI will now operate across all 3 price points in Hyderabad's 
most dynamic business district, a unique advantage in the market, where Google, Amazon and 
several tech majors continue to expand aggressively. 
The asset will be developed in partnership with the lessor, where the building shell facade and 
highside services are to be delivered by the developer, and we will only invest in fit-outs post 
bandover of the building. This structure minimizes upfront capital and shortens the capex to 
revenue cyele, parfectly aligned with our capital-cfficient growth philosophy. 
Our W Hyderabad in HITEC City, a 170-room luxury development under W Hotel brand is 
progressing as planned. Design development is in final stages, building modifications are 
underway and mockup rooms will commence in quarter 4 of FY 26. We arc targeting a 
December 2026 opening, which will be a marquee addition to our portfolio. 
Once operational, W Hyderabad will clevate our ARR profile and significantly augment same- 
store growth. Work on the Westin Tribute Whiteficld Bangalore and ofher initiatives continue 
as planned. Across the portfolio, we now have over 1,500 rooms under active development or 
rebranding, which will take our portfolio to over 6,300 rooms in near future. 
With this, I'l now hand over to Rajat to take you through the detailed financial performance. 
Thank you, Ashish. Good morning, everybody. Building on the top line summary that Ashish 
took us through, here arc the detailed financial mmbers for Q2 FY '26. Our total income for the 
Page 3 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
quarter stood at INR 296 crores, up 11% on a year-on-year basis. Of this, the same-store asset 
contributed 9% Y-o-Y growth. The new openings such as HIEX Kolkata and HIEX Greater 
Noida and Trinity Bangalore added incremental revenue. 
‘We also had small loss of income from discontinued assets, primarily the Caspia Delhi sale and 
the Sheraton commercial office to rooms conversion. The 42 rooms in Sheraton Hyderabad 
should be operational in December this year and create materially outsized return vis-a-vis the 
office rentals we were getting prior to the convarsion. 
Consolidated EBITDA stood at INR 110 crores, a 14% increasc on a year-on-year basis. Same- 
store EBITDA grew at 13.9%, reflecting a strong flow-through on the back of higher rates and 
stable oceupancy. Consolidated EBITDA margins were 37.3% compared to 36.2% last year, a 
110 basis point increase on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Depreciation was stable at INR 30 crores. Finance costs reported at INR 43 crores, down nearly 
INR 12 er <s on a year-on-year basis, reflecting the bencfit of our deleveraging through the 
GIC transaction and the sale of Caspia Delhi. 
On a cash flow basis, our interest expense stood at INR 35 crores with the balance being non- 
cash accounting entrics. We had an exceptional one-time gain of approximately INR 71 crores 
nct of the deferred taxes, largely from the reversal of Navi Mumbai impairment and gain on sale 
of Caspia Delhi. 
On the basis of this, ' 
happy to report that the company has reported a profit after tax of INR 
100 erores vis-a-vis INR 13 crores last year. On the balance sheet, our net debt stood at INR 
1,370 crores with a net debt to EBITDA at 2.9x. Adjusted for the capital allocated towards 
growth projects, which are not creating any meaningful EBITDA at present, the net debt-to- 
EBITDA stands at 2.4x. The reduction in the interest cost has improved our free cash generation 
and gives us sufficient capacity to fund the current growth pipeline. 
‘With that, I now hand over the mic to Ashish for the closing comments. 
Thanks, Rajat. To conclude, before we take the calls, quatter 2 FY '26 represents a clear 
inflection point for SAMHI. We are delivering consistent operating performance, maintaining 
financial discipline and most importantly, cxceuting a transformational growth pipeline that will 
define SAMHI's next decads. 
Our entry into Mumbai, expansion in Hyderabad and progress at W Hyderabad and Westin 
Tribute Bangalore Whiteficld together reinforces our strategy of building scale across India's 
most dynamic office markets. With a stronger balance sheet, upgraded credit rating, robust free 
cash flows, we are in the best position yet to compound value for our shareholders. 
Thank you for your time today, and now we'll open the floor for questions. 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Saurabh Srivastava from Arista 
Consulting. Please go ahead. 
Page 4 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Saurabh Srivastava: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
Congratulations on a good number. Now sir, my first question is that though you people have 
been able to trim down the leverage, but it stillis on a higher side and some projects are coming, 
which are also - will be requiring a lot of moncy. How are you going to manage it? Any 
monctization s in the pipeline or any GIC like platform is also there? 
Saurabh, thank you for your question. So as Rajat articulated, our total net debt to EBITDA is 
about 2.9x on an overall basis. We have invested a fair amount of capital in the last 2 years on 
growth projects, which are not demonstrating commensurate EBITDA. If we were to only take 
operating assets and the debt on them, i's about 2.4x. 
Given all of our debt is between 12 to 14 years with very litfle amortization in the first 3 to 5 
years, we fecl that a debt-to-EBITDA level of anywhere between 2x to 2.5 is very, very stable 
and healthy. As I said, our operating business has already reached that level. 
In terms of funding the capital expenditure, we had articulated in our capital markets 
presentation, which s also uploaded and actually even in the investor presentation yesterday that 
given the current run rate of revenues and EBITDA, we actually expect to see about INR 1,700 
crores of investable surplus in the business. 
And whether its Navi Mumbai or the Hyderabad project, these are nothing but the means for us 
to deploy that investable surplus. So we do not expect our balance sheet to be put under duress 
because of the capital expenditures largely being funded from operating free cash. Can we move 
to second question? 
The next question is from the line of Prashant Biyani. 
Sir, while in Q2, we have seen occupancy declining duc to travel restrictions, how do you see 
the organic travel demand as per your SAMHI Intel software? 
So Prashant, thariks so much. So quarter 1 and quarter 2, and as a management team, we hate 
citing cvents, right? I mean, whether it was India, Pakistan or anything. But nevertheless, the 
first half 
of the year had a lot happening for the sector. First, the India, Pakistan issue, then we 
bad the Ahmedabad crash and then we had some of the worst monsoons across the country. I 
think it did have some dampening cffect. 
But what we've scen, Prashant, starting Scptember that any weck that is clear of any event has 
scena very strong revemmie run rate. So with that, as businesses come back post Diwali, of course, 
ill the end of the year, we do expect to maintain a significantly higher growth momentum than 
what we have seen in H1. 
So in summary, we expect the H2 to remain significantly ahead in terms of RevPAR, in terms 
of oceupancics, in terms of total revenue than what we have scen for H1. And Prashant, I will 
take back our conversations to demand and supply, demand and supply and demand and supply, 
right? 
We have not yet scen any meaningful supply opening in Hyderabad. We have not seen any 
‘meaningful supply open up in Bangalore. We've not seen any meaningful supply open up in 
Page 5 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Prashant Biyani: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
Delhi or in Pune, whereas demand continmies to grow. So the cvents sometimes play a dampening 
effect. 
But if you were to look at the structural story of demand continuing to grow and supply just not 
coming, we remain fairly committed and convinced about the guidance we've been giving that 
total revenue growth for same-store hotels will maintain 9% to 11% CAGR for the next 3 to 5 
years. 
Right. And sir, in particular for ow mid-scale scgment, we saw ADR sharply grew, but 
oceupancy dipped. Is there any hotel-specific factor? Or this is a gencral ADR strategy for the 
segment that we are following? 
So Prashant, what's happening is even in the mid-scale, there are 2 segments for us, right, the 
Holiday Inn Express platform, which is mid-scale and the Fairfield and Four Points, they are 
upper mid-scale. In the upper mid-scale, we saw a fabulous rate growth in some of the markets 
like Bangalore, where the ARRs almost have grown midteens to high teens actually. And 
therefore, clearly, we are losing out the opportunity in terms of rate, 
In the Holiday Inn Express in the mid-scale space, the rates have grown. The oceupancics have 
actually kind of declined slightly, largely because last year, we had some group movement, 
which were not repeated this year. So nothing to wory. It was cffectively an incident that 
happencd last year, which had given us a boost of occupancics. This year, we expect them to be 
‘more natural. But the good news is the rates continue to grow. 
Right. And sir, for the Mumbai asset or the transaction that we did in Mumbai and for the new 
Hyderabad property, both these would come in the platform or under SAMHI stand-alone? And 
just one question connected to the new Hyderabad hotel, we would 
be operationalizing 
by when? 
So first question, both these assets are with SAMHI. Theyte not part of the GIC platform. So 
both these hotels will be with SAMHI or its 100% subsidiary. So that's number one. Number 
two, interms of One Financial District Hyderabad, we expect this hotel to take about 36 months 
to 42 months for it to be operational 
Okay. Right. And sir, for Trinity renovation, we would start by when? 
So Prashant, interestingly, we have made a small investment of about INR 8 crores in Trinity in 
the beginning of the fiscal year. And we've already seen the rate profile change substantially in 
that hotel. We will make staggered investments i this assct. I think the next round of investment 
will happen in the summer, let's say, post February and March, should be around INR 20 - 25 
crores. 
With that, we actually arc fairly confident that Trinity will reach its underwritten expectation. 
So we thought that originally we have to invest about INR 70 — INR 80 crores to get this hotel 
to be at circa INR10,000 average rate. We had bought it at an average rate of about INR 5,000. 
We actually think that we would invest about INR 25 — INR 30 crores and not the INR 70 ~INR 
80 crores to get to that intended average rate. 
Page 6 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Prashant Biyani: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Jinesh Joshi: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
So yes, I think Trinity s -- as with ACIC, Prashant, the Trinity conversion is happening better 
than we had anticipated and underwritten. So we do expect FY 27 to be a great year for Trinity, 
even though we would have not really fully renovated the hotel by then. 
And s, just lastly, sir, our expertise lics in acquiring stress assct and turning it around. How do 
you planto replicate that expertise when you arc building the Mumbai Trwin Towers ground up? 
So Prashant, interestingly, Mumbai came as a part of an acquisition because this was ACIC 
acquisition. And our excitement is that our underlying land cost, while book value was INR 71- 
odd crores, our actual cost that we paid for the picce of land was like INR 26 crores, right? So 
when you start a development in a matket like Mumbai with an underlying land cost of INR 26 
crores, we remain pretty excited that this is going to be a mid-teen ROCE investment for us. 
Two, let's make no mistake, we have done developments in the past like Courtyard Fairficld 
Bangalore, which, as you know, have tumed out to be extremely successful for us. So our 
specialty lies in dual-branded hotels. We've done that in Courtyard Fairficld Bangalore. We think 
repeating that with the Westin and Fairficld in a market like Navi Mumbai will be very exciting. 
So we have all the skill sets of development. We have all the skill sets of choosing the brand 
partner of asset management. And as I said, in the end, Navi Mumbai is a gift through an 
acquisition. Would we have bought a piece of land in Nav Mumbai for INR 80 - INR 90 crores, 
the answer is no. 
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. 
Sir, 1 just wanted to understand the timing issue in relationship to recognizing this reversal of 
impairment on the Navi Mumbai property. I guess we got an approval from MIDC day before 
yesterday, but the reversal impact is shown in 2Q results. So just wanted to get a sense of how 
the recognition time lines ideally work over here? 
Jinesh, see, from an accounting perspective, if there is an cvent, which was actually existing at 
the end of the quarter and post the quarter end and before the approval of the results in the Board 
mesting and there's further development, then we are necessarily required to actually take the 
impact in the quarter, which s to be approved by the Board. 
So we got the final document from MIDC actually before the Board mesting. And as per the 
accounting regulation, we had no choice, but to actually recognize this reversal in the Q2 
financials itself. 
Understood. And sir, if 
I heard you right, you mentioned that both the Navi Mumbai and the 
Hyderabad property will be in our stand-alone channel business, so to say. Now given how the 
capex is lined up over here, I think for Navi Mumbai, you mentioned about INR 650 crores and 
for Hyderabad, it is about INR 125 crores. 
This is over and above what we had already committed with respect to our other two propertics 
in Bangalore and the sccond one in Hyderabad. So just wanted to get a sense, I mean, while this 
was being asked carlier, I mean, our net debt at about INR 1,370 crores, given additional capex. 
Page 7 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
of about INR 750 to INR 800 crores that is lined up, are we going to see some kind of increase 
in debt levels come through from our side? 
So Jinesh, Il reiterate that even before Navi Mumbai confirmation, we had presented a whole 
plan to our sharcholders and investors, which highlighted that the company is now producing a 
reasonable amount of free cash on an annualized basis. 
Both these projects arc a slightly longer lead than honestly, we would have liked them to be. 
Therefore, if you look at Navi Mumbai, INR 650 crores, that's spread over a 4 year period. If 
you were to look at Hyderabad, which will be spread over a period of about, let's say, 3.5 years 
or so. And that gives us reasonable time. 
And as you know, in development projects, the first few years arc not really that capital intensive 
because you're taking approvals, you're doing the building shell and then comes the engincering 
and the fit-outs. 
In tems of leverage, we are currently, let's say, at cirea 3x. Our intended guidance was to go to 
2.5 We had accclerated that path because of GIC. We think we will not breach the cirea 3x in 
the short term, and we will get to 2.5% in the midterm, right? 
So we don't - we are not worried about leverage levels being higher than where we are or where 
we thought they would be a comfortable place for us to stabilize. And that's largely because it's 
a free cash, which is finding. 
And some of the other capital expenditure, Jinesh, that we have, especially for the carlier 
Bangalore acquisition, for the first 18 months, if's going to be funded through GIC infusion. So 
we're actually preserving our capital, and that's pretty substantial. That's about INR 150 crores 
or so, right? 
So yes, I think in terms of leverage, we remain fairly comfortable that the circa 3x s what we'll 
maintain in the short term in spite of the commitments well have to make to Navi Mumbai and 
Hyderabad. And in the long term or in the medium term, we'll be getting to about 2.5% 
plus/minus. 
Just for your clarification, Hyderabad is a leased assct, and thercfore, we have no investment in 
land, building and engincering equipment. So the overall project will be delivered at about INR 
45 - INR 50 lakhs per key, even though it's a 260-room hotel in HITEC City. But the structure 
of the investment there allows us it to be extremely capital cfficient, and more so the fact that 
for the first 1 year from today, we have to make 0 investments there. 
Sir, one last question from my side. Just wanted to understand the MIDC deal because over here, 
Ithink the land is on lease. So what lease rentals will we be paying? And given the fact that land 
is on lease, this INR 650 crores capex mumber for 400 rooms appears to be slightly on the higher 
side. So can you just clarify that. 
So there is no per sc lease rent. These are typical MMRD MIDC leases, which are given for 80 
- 90 years, and there's a premium to be paid upfront and there is no lease rent to be paid on a 
Page 8 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Pratik Oza: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
regular basis. The premium that we have to pay has been included in the project cost that we 
have mentioned to you. 
So when you're falking about INR 650 crores for 400 rooms, it actually includes first of all, it 
includes the premium we have to pay for the extension of 
5 years. Two, it actually includes the 
premium we're going to pay for FSI for the entire 700 rooms. 
So when you divide INR 650 crores by 400, it's slightly top loading the cost, what we would 
encourage is you take INR 1,000 crores total investment over a long-term period, and the total 
investment there will be approximately INR 1,000 crores for 700 rooms. 
So that, if you see cost per key, including the premiums for extra FSI and extension, we feel it's 
actually pretty reasonable for a market like Mumbai, But for the first 400 rooms, we are adding 
the premium for the entire 700 rooms to be paid to MIDC. 
‘What s the premium amount? Can you quantify? 
About the premium amount fo be paid to MIDC? 
Yes. 
So listen, this is broken up into 2 parts. The first part is really the extension premium and the 
second part is really the FSI premium. The extension premium is in the range of about INR 75 
to INR 80 crores. And the extra FSI really depends, Jinesh, on how much FSI we're going to 
eventually consume. This is connected to the ready reckoner of the arca. But we have right now 
in our estimates assumed about INR 100 to INR 150 crores for the premium to be paid for extra 
FSL 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Oza from Systematix. 
Sir, T guess, our occupancy across our three segments is slightly clustered between 74% to 76%, 
which in my sense, it shows that our asscts are running at a near peak cfficicncy. So, as you 
execute the strategy to shift the revenue mix to 60% upscale, where do you see primarily 
RevPAR lever going from here? And is there any meaningful occupancy gain left? Or will it be 
through an increase in ARR? 
So, Pratik, first of all, you're right. The investments we've made in the last 2 years and the recent 
Navi Mumbai development, our share of upscale is incvitably going to go to 60% from the 
current 4%, right? Of corse, the upscale docs operate at a total revenue per key, which is 2x 
of the portfolio average. 
So in terms of the inventory addition and its impact on revenue would be very, very substantial. 
So that's good that the cfforts that we've made in the last 2 years would create a meaningful 
impact on the revenue profile of the company. 
And as T said, we love all the segments, but more than that, we actually love markets. So 
tomorrow, if you were to get an opportunity to acquire or convert something into a Holiday Inn 
Page 9 of 24

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Pratik Oza: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
Express in Navi Mumbai, we would still do that because we love that market, and it's not the 
segment play. 
In terms of occupancies and how nuch headroom occupancies have, See, on the current state, 
we think an oceupancy level, which is between 75% and 80% is where business hotels would 
stabilize. 
We, unfortunately, as of today, do not sce a lot of urban leisure in India, which means like 
Singapore or London, we're not sceing huge volumes of people traveling to cities for leisure, 
which would have otherwise given us occupancy levels during long weekends, holidays and so 
on and so forth. 
So we continue to see that those dips during the year, and therefore, year-round occupancies for 
business hotels, I would be comfortable guiding anywhere between 75% and 80%, and that's 
really the headroom. 
In the long tarm, I do believe that with the growth of disposable income, better ARR 
infiastructure, the growth of social infrastructure in India; rock concerts, IPL matehes and so on 
and so forth, I think there is a huge latent opportunity for hotels in the big cities. And as and 
when that opportunity starts playing out, you would sce occupancy levels go to 85% or so. 
Don't forget, we are sold out Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. So when we start backfilling the 
holidays and the weekend, the opportunity is phenomenal, but I really can't put my finger to 
when will that happen. It really a structural shift. 
Thercfore, when we guide towards 9% to 11% same-store growth, we believe majority of that 
will actually come from the repricing, and we have seen repricing playing out really well. One 
would be worried if we've hit a peak. I don't think so. Markets like Hyderabad, Punc, Gurgaon, 
continue to operate at a significant lower pricing levels than even a market like Bangalore, right? 
So actually, we think there is a reasonable headroom for average rates to grow in several markets 
that we operate in. And combination of the 2 would deliver us that between 9% and 11% total 
revenue CAGR over a 3- to 5-year period for same set of hotels. 
Of course, we have hotels in our portfolio, which are due for rebranding, renovation, and those 
hotels would bring the above-average performance in terms of total revenue growth and sctting 
the company, I thirk, on a path of 
a 17%, 18% CAGR for the next 3 to 5 years. We've not 
recomputed that with Navi Mumbai. But even before Navi Mumbai, we thought we should be 
able to get that over a 3- to 5-year period. 
Sir, second question is on your 2 new developments. One is your massive 700 greenficld 
development in Navi Mumbai; and the second is on the 260-room long-term variable lease model 
in Hyderabad. So going ahead, how should we sce these 2 models? I mean, when you enter into 
anew market, will it be a mix of these 2 models? Or will we be going more towards the lease 
model? 
Page 10 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Moderator: 
Samarth Agrawal: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Samarth Agrawal: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
So I'l reiterate, Pratik, that Navi Mumbai was an outcome of 
an acquisition that we had made. 
On our own, are we looking for picees of land to build hotels? The answer is a flat no. We are 
not looking to buy pieces of land to build hotels. That is not our business model. 
Obviously, sometimes we acquire portfolios, which bring land parcels -- so to be very clear, no, 
we are not looking for active land acquisition for hotel development. That process is way too 
long. And also, you will end up paying market prices for land in India. So therefore, your total 
cost becomes either at or at premium to replacement cost, another business that we are not 
interested to run. 
So that leaves us with sticking to two sct of opportunitics for ourselves. Oneis really the classical 
M&A like the Trinity in Bangalore, where we find an undermanaged, underperforming hotel 
and we can acquire that to reposition that hotel 
And two, we are actually - I must tell you, we are really surprised about the success we are 
getting in sccuring long-term leases. 2 years back when we articulated this, and we said about 
13% of our revenues come from long-term variable leases, we expect that to go to 20% to 25%. 
‘We had our work eut out for ourselves because convineing people to give their properties for 50 
to 60 years, no guarantees only a percentage of revenue for them to invest their capital in land 
building and cquipment, it doesn't seem like an casy task, right? 
But I think our reputation and what we've delivered so far in that space is making us build a 
really strong pipeline of variable leases. And I can tell today, if I look at my fsture pipeline, a 
large part of our actionable pipeline is actually variable leascs, which is good news for the 
company because the cost per key in a variable lease is at a substantial lower level to what it 
would be for a frechold, right? 
So yes, I think the fiture continues to be about M&A and the future continues to be about 
sccuring long-term variable leases. Acquiring land for development is not part of our business 
plan. 
The next question is from the line of Samarth Agrawal from Ambit Capital. 
Congratulations on a great quarter. Just a couple of clarifications. In the result note, it's written 
that company has reccived a letter from MIDC confirming the extension of development 
period. 
So would it be correct to assume that there's no caveats to the land and like SAMHI is free to 
which we develop and own the asset for as long as they can? 
That's right, Samarth. Otherwise, we would have not taken the call to recognize the reversal of 
impairment. So there are no caveats. We have been given an extension of up to 5 years to 
complete the project, and we are taking the steps that are required to give effect to that really. 
Understood. And in Slide 11 of the presentation, you've given a list of the key commercial micro 
markets, basically the ones you're looking at. So, some of them we are present in and some of 
them perhaps we are looking at. 
Page 11 of 24

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS— 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Samarth Agrawal: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
So, going forward, will the growth strategy 
be to more towards solidifying presence in the micro 
markets you are present in or perhaps extend it to these markets you have mentioned in the 
presentation? 
So, Samarth, this Slide 11 is really critical because what it tells you is that we can maintain a 
very strict market discipline and yet not compromise on growth opportunities. So, we've always 
maintained that we've taken - our investments have been guided by growth of office and 
aviation markets. 
And the cities and the micro markets you see on the table, and there will be more beyond that, 
but this is more illustrative, are where we feel that the bulk of the office space and aviation 
markets tend to influence. 
We would like to sce over the long term, all the white boxes have a hotel from us, but this is a 
game of paticnce. because as I said, if we were a builder of hotels, we would have just gone and 
bought land and build hotels in all of those spaces. 
That's not what we do. So in several markets, we will wait others to build. We will wait for the 
right market cycle or assct cycle to produce an opportunity for oursetves, and that's when we 
think we can make our presence there. 
Imean, T'l give you an example, North Bangalore, we have all blanks, right? Because rightnow, 
it's a market driven by greenficld development, and we'd like to stay away from that until such 
fime that market evolves and develops. And we are fairly confident over a period of time, we'll 
find either a market opportunity or an asset opportunity to give us an entry into that market, 
right? 
So I think this is a white board of opportunities for us. It keeps us very disciplined on not taking 
a sk on demand, and it puts the team's focus razor sharp on where we think the returns are in 
the future. So this is pretty much the football ficld for SAMHI to look at M&A and leases. 
Understood. Very clear. And just a second question on the pipeline. So most of the partnerships 
for the upeoming hotels are different brands of Marriott only. So I understand the history and 
the relationship that the team has with the Marriott team. But is there any special reason why it's 
mostly limited to Marriott and not perhaps any other brand owner? 
Samath, it's not my job to market Marriott on a call like this because if 
I give you all the reasons 
it will look like if I'm marketing Marriott here. I think we have respect for all operators. We 
remain open for business with all operators. We have a huge relationship with Marriott, We have 
a shared services center. We operate with them in Bangalore. 
So every time a hotel gets added to that network, we obviously get cconomics of scale. But they 
clearly run one of the most enviable loyalty programs in the world, which is Bonvoy. They have 
avery large presence in India. We have seen their hotels perfom at or above our cxpectation. 
So I think we have the path of least resistance to Marriott, if | may say so. We do keep our cyes 
and cars open for other opportunities and ofher operators, and I'm sure we will expand our 
relationship. 
Page 12 of 24

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Moderator: 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
But as an investor, Samarth, we've been taught to follow the path of least resistance to returns, 
right, and not get too creative. So we arc following that path of least resistance. And the other 
paths have some resistance, which the counterparties have to remove, and we'll obviously 
evaluate it as and when it comes. 
But yes, the Hyderabad, we've not yet disclosed the operator. But yes, Navi Mumbai, we have 
an MOU with Marriott signed for Westin and Fairfield, The W in Hyderabad is obviously a 
Marriott brand. The Westin Tribute is also Marriott, But Hyderabad one Financial District, Il 
repeat, we remain open for business. 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique. 
My first question is, could you provide some more color on 11% RevPAR growth, which we 
bave reported, especially which markets contributed to most of this strength, example, 
Hyderabad v rsus Bangalore versus other? 
Also on expansion, the Hyderabad addition, it's pretty clear that, that city continues to report one 
of the best ADRs. For this Navi Mumbai, could you clarify whether the decision was primarily 
driven by proximity to the upcoming intemational airport or whether it's a targeted expansion to 
broader the presence in region like Mumbai because we were not there. 
Vikas, thank you. So for Navi Mumbai, let me be honest, this land came as a part of the ACIC 
acquisition. So we can't claim brilliance about selecting this picce of land. Having said that, we 
have kind of worked hard with the administration to retain the sitc. And that cffort was for a 
reason. 
And I think it's not just the ~ so what I would request is if you see the slide numbers 7 and 8, 
one of the big themes we have scen, Vikas, play out in India over the last 15 years is shift of 
economic activity from traditional city centers to newer business districts. 
And we saw that how 20 years back, Connaught Place, Nehru Place was the epicenter of office 
activity in NCR. And today, actually, it's Gurgaon and Noida to some extent. If you were to talk 
about 15 years back, 20 years back, when I was in Accor, the whole focus was finding an 
opportunity in Hyderabad City Center. Today, you would not even talk about that and you'l 
focus about opportunities in HITEC City, Gachibowli Financial District. 
Same thing has happencd to Bangalore. Today, we are able to scll a Courtyard by Marriott at a 
premium -- on outer ring road to a premium to sometimes JW by Marriott in Bangalore City 
Center, right? What we have seen is that given how Indian wban environment operates, which 
is very limiting, the newer arcas tend to benefit the most because of better infrastructure, critical 
mass and, of course, the entry price for large corporates. 
We think this shift in Mumbai to Navi Mumbai was planned for almost 50 years, right? It 
couldn't happen because of lack of infrastructure. And kudos to the new govemment that they 
have resolved the infrastructure in the matter of the last 5 - 6 years. So today, for you to go from 
South Bombay or Central Bombay to Navi Mumbai using Atal Setu is kind of without any 
friction. 
Page 13 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
Addtothat, the fact that Navi Mumbai Airport is 110 million passengers planned. Current airport 
is at about 45, 50. Delhi is alrcady touching 75, 80. And there's no reason why Navi Mumbai 
Arport will not start getting filled up before we all know. 
So if you look at the way the cconomic activity will shift from -- not necessauily from. The new 
cconomic activity will concentrate itself in the island and Mumbai will remain to be what 
Mumbai is. But 
I think it's not just the airport. You have Scawoods Grand Central by L&T. You 
have Mindspace in Juinagar. You have the Dhirubhai Ambani Knowledge City. You have the 
Reliance Corporate Park in Ghansoli. 
You have the data center developments by Prestige, Adani, Connex, WeWorks City, ctcctera. 
You have industrial demand from Turbhe and Mahape. You have the CIDCO Exhibition 
Convention Center, the DY Patil Stadium. T mean, there's so much happening in Navi Mumbai. 
And our site sits right in the center of all of this. So our South of our site is airport, North of our 
site is ~ would be Mindspace, Dhirubhai Ambani Knowledge City. On East of ow site will be 
the whole data center development, right? 
So Ithink as cconomics tend to grow, which is more focused on technology, AL you would see 
Navi Mumbai bencfiting a lot because all that data center tech development is more favorable 
in Navi Mumbai given the land cost rental than it would be in the island. 
So I actually think our call to make a large 700-room investment, that is considered basis both 
the pace and the density of development that we will see in Navi Mumbai from now over the 
next 10 years. L often tell people that Courtyard Fairficld Bangalore created SAMHI 1.0. It was 
a 330-ro0m development, which we undertook in Outer Ring Road Bangalore, not Bangalore 
City Center. Today, that Courtyard runs highest average rates for many Marriot hotels in the 
country. We're crossing almost INR 200 crores top line, INR 100 crores EBITDA on that assct. 
1 think Navi Mumbai is the start of SAMHI 2.0, The 700-room hotel will redefine how SAMHI 
would be over the next decad, just as Navi Mumbai will redefine Mumbai's place. Today, 
Bangalore absorbed 7 million square fect of office space in the last 6 months, right? And Mumbai 
was less than that, There is no reason over the next 4 - 5 years, Mumbai supported by Navi 
Mumbai will not cateh up to office space absorption as equivalent to Bangalore, right? 
So I think our excitement cmanates from urban planning trends, and they are very long termand 
structural in nature. And that's why I said our programming for 700 rooms. I will repeat, the site 
came as a gift in the ACIC acquisition. We have very little underlying land cost. And therefore, 
our ability to take a bold call is casier because we have to solve for return on construction costs, 
which, as you would know, Vikas, is much casier than if we had to take a call on return on 
construction plus market land cost in Navi Mumbai today. That would have been a hard call. 
In terms of RevPAR contribution by cities, actually, what we've scen is Hyderabad, Bangalore, 
have grown really well. Punc has seen a pretty good uptick, but that's largely because our Hyatt 
Regency Pune has really outperformed. But gencrally, that 9% to 11% is spread evenly across 
cities, Vikas, as I can see it. 
Page 14 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Moderator: 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
Sure. This is very useful. T have one more follow-up. So if we talk about the overall rates, so if 
you can give us some maybe color on how rates are shaping up in October. Have we seen 
‘momentum picked up meaningfully, especially in the first part before Diwali? And how you are 
viewing November, given that relatively, its a clean month with no major festivals, especially 
compated to last year when Diwali fell in Novembar? This is my last question. 
Vikas, what we've seen was that from 10th September o 15th September til pretty much the 
week before Diwali, we saw fabulous business coming across the portfolio. We had some record 
daily run rate numbers show up on our dashboard. 
And I think that more than any guidance on November gives us the confidence that the need for 
business travel continues to be very strong. Of course, October this year, we had Dusschra and 
midweek Diwali. So it wasn't necessarily didn't show the right numbers, but you're absolutely 
right. The expectation was that from this week onwards still pretty much a week before 
Christmas, New Year or let's say, 10 days before Christmas, New Year, we should sce pretty 
good numbers. 
So I think business on books, space, clicks on websites, all of those trends continue to be fairly 
robust for the current quarter. And also for actually quarter 4, which, Vikas s the best quarter 
because quarter 4 sces - both quarter 3 and quarter 4 sees the same run rate for a normal day. 
It's just that quarter 3 has many less normal days because of holidays compared to quarter 4. So 
for us, the most fun quarter is actually quarter 4 from 10th, 15th January till 31st March. But 
cven November and the carly parts of December show pretty good signs. 
No, this is very useful. And I think after quarter 4, we have, I think, the strong cxpectation of 
Q also because 1 year, there was clection and then there was war, so there's a lot of pent-up. So 
Tunderstand. 
The next question is from the line of Yashowardhan Agarwal from IIFL Capital Services 
Limited. 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So a couple of questions from my side. Could you 
please clarify the reason for tax outflow in the quarter? And on the finance cost in the PPT, we 
have mentioned that the annual run rate is around INR 120 — INR 130 crores of the interest cost. 
But in this quarter, it was more than INR 40 crores. No reason for the same? Why wasn't it 
around INR 30 — INR 35 crores? 
So, Yash, first of all, on the tax, what you sce in the P&L is actually only creation of deferred 
tax. There s no tax outflow that SAMHI has. On the cash flow side that you sce the tax, which 
is there is predominantly the TDS, which the customer actually deducts, while they are actually 
making the payment to us. So there is no tax outflow, which is there in SAMHL The only tax 
cutflow that you see or tax expense that you sce in the P&L is the creation of deferred tax. Its a 
non-cash. 
It's a non-cash entry, okay. And we don' expect to pay tax in the future quarters as well, right? 
No, we don't expect to pay tax in the near future. 
Page 15 of 24

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS— 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
So you're right, Yash, we had reasonable tax shiclds available across entities. You would also - 
- 50 we don't expect any cash payouts from the company at least for the next few years. Yes, a 
few years. 
On the interest Rajat will chime in, but we did clarify that the actual cash interest expense was 
about INR3S crores in line with what we were saying. What we have done is that we are in the 
process of refinancing a large facility, where the interest rates will go down from existing 8.4% 
to about 7.9%. 
And on account of that, what we had done was there was a cettain upfront payment made at the 
beginning of the loan, which was amortized over a full tenure. Because we want to refinance 
that, we have kind of accelerated that write-off and that's again noncash. So that INR3 crores 
expense s adding to the finance cost. But again, it's noncash. And on top of that, it helps us 
reduce financing cost from current 8.4% to about 7.9% in that particular portfolio should 
be done 
by the end of the year, right? 
Yes. That's close to about INR 350 crores out of the fotal debt that we have, which is getting 
refinanced. 
Correct. So Yash with that, you will actually see the overall blended interest cost further is 
coming down for the company. 
Yes, which is not incorporated in the 8.5% that has been reported right now. 
Correct. 
Got i, sir. This is helpfil. Sir, my another question is on the Navi Mumbai project that we are 
planning. In the initial remarks, you mentioned that GIC is not part of this project, even though 
we are planning to have some rooms in the upper upscale segment as well. So whatis the reason 
for it? 
Sothe key reason, Yash is that we have that understanding for fiture projects. There are existing 
upscale hotels like Sheraton in Hyderabad or Hyatt Place in Gurgaon or Renaissance 
Abmedabad, which are not part of the GIC joint venture. So this asset Wwas a pre-cxisting asset 
at the time of the joint venture and thercfore, was not part of the JV. 
When we say that future assets, it’s about the future upscale assets may be considered in the IV. 
It's not a hard and puise rule, but of course, we will take it to the JV. So this asset is not part of 
the V. 
Also from a purely selfish perspective, we fecl that the value creation in this asset is phenomenal. 
If we were to take the market performance of compsct and the competitive sct today in Navi 
Mumbai is at an average rate of about INR 11,500, And of course, the Westin will 
be at premium 
to all that. 
‘We think even if we take some blended performance for the current year, this on a full 700-room 
hotel is about INR 180 — INR 185 crores of EBITDA potential. So I think our job and our 
Page 16 of 24

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS— 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Rajat Mehra: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
excitement is to excoute and deliver that. And ifat all, we need to do some capital recycling, it 
will be only after we have created the value in the assct. So as of today, it remains part of 
SAMHI, and we remain committed to delivering that number from this asset. 
Okay. So INR 180 crores that you gave is for the 700 rooms, right, and not 400 rooms. 
That is right. 
Sir, another question on the same. So if we look at the market currently, there are around 1,500 
rooms. And even in that 1,500 rooms are announced and majority of that in the midscale 
segmant. So why are we still inclined towards adding more inventory in the midscale and not 
towards the upper upscale segment considering that we already have land and the rental profile 
in upper upscale segment is better. 
So Yes, to give you some context, and we have experience of dual branded hotels. We have the 
Courtyard and Fairfield in Bangalore, where the Courtyard sclls at an average rate of about INR 
22,000 - INR 23,000 for the year, and the Fairfield would be selling at about INR 12,500 - INR 
13,000 per year. 
‘What we've seen s when you do large-scale hotel developments and ifit's a single branded hotel, 
youstill need a lot of what s called "base business”. And the base business comes at a discount 
to what your targeted rates are. 
When you do a dual-branded hotel, invariably a lot of your base business goes into a lower 
category hotel for which it is built. So in terms of capital expenditure, in terms of operating 
expenses, you've built it to operate at lower rate. And thercfore, the bulk of your base business 
can be redirected towards that, leaving the upscale hotel 
to be fully leveraged for the high-priced 
business. 
And therefore, no susprise, Yash, that nobody would have heard of a Courtyard by Marriott in 
India operating at an average rate of INR 
we have 170 rooms of Courtyard, about 170 rooms, 155 - 165 of Fairfield. And therefore, a lot 
of relatively low rate and even that low rate is INR 13,000 there tends to go into Fairfield. 
00, 
right? That is possible in Bangalore because 
So I think in terms of managing your capex, leveraging the market opportunity, we think the 
dual-branded hotels present a very unique opportunity. And as the saying says, what in broke, 
don't try and fix it. The dual-branded hotel have worked really well for us in Bangalore. And 
therefore, we think repeating that in Mumbai is intelligent. 
‘We have debated and deliberated this enough with the operator as well. So it is not just our and 
our Board's point of view. The same point of view has also been revalidated with by an operator 
of Marriotts stature, where they also fecl that duak-branding will help us get the highest yield 
from the assct. 
The highest rate will come from a single branded hotel because obviously, the Fairfield will 
operate at a discounted average rate, but we're not chasing rate or RevPAR. We are chasing 
Page 17 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Moderator: 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
return on capital cmployed. And I can assure you that the highest return on capital employed 
will come from a dual-branded hotel in that location. 
The next question is from the line of Murtuza Arsiwalla from Kotak Securities. 
Congratulations on getting that extension in Navi Mumbai. Just a question, something that I've 
been debating inmy head as well. When Ilook at your revenue mix, obviously, the upscale tends 
to scams to have a higher revenue contribution relative to the number of keys. If 
I were to think 
of management bandwidth in terms of building hotels, would you be better off building more 
upscale than midscale just because it would almost require the same amount of management 
bandwidth, assuming retum on capital cmployed margins, stcctera, would be similar in both 
categories. And I can see incrementally your portfolio sort of leaning towards upscale. Any 
thoughts on that? 
Yes, Murtuza, that thought crosses our mind more than often. But we have a job -- we are in a 
capital-intensive business. So risk and reward are things we need to look at both at the same 
time. The upscale assets tend to have capital concentration Murtuza. And we've seen matkets go 
through unexpected surprises, right? 
And our job here is to make sure that we do not create a concentrated pool of capital in an assct 
or in a market. So we are pretty dispersed across all office markets today, right? I think there is 
more offort in mid-scale for sure. But we've also scen that over a very long period of time, the 
mid-scale tends to give you a more measured returns vis-a-vis the risk -- so yes, when things are 
going really well, you can see a lot of excitement in the upscale because the revenues are 
covering up for both the capex and the opex. 
But in cycles where revenues tend to get slightly tight, we've scen the mid-scale because of their 
lower capital intensity, both in capex and in opex tend to hold their head more fimer than 
upscale sometimes, right? So you're absolutely right. Obviously, you do one large hotel and you 
get INR 200 crores of EBITDA or INR 150 crores of EBITDA. But the fact is that you are also 
taking the risk on a single asset or on a single market. 
Murtuza, we did sce unfortunate incidents like bad monsoons o terror attacks or cconomic 
activitics because of cartain things shifting. And as much as we are excited about today, we need 
to remain very, very cautious for the long term. I think mid-scale tends to produce insane amount 
of ROCES if you do it right. 
So for instance, I will repeat that even today in our portfolio, the highest ROCE asset continucs 
to be Holiday Inn Express and HITEC City Hyderabad, well 2 reasons. A, it's mid-scale - 3 
reasons. A, it's mid-scale, so very low capital; two, it was leased. So therefore, we never paid 
for land and building. Three, i's HITEC City Hyderabad. 
And Nakul can correct my number, but I think the ROCEs would be 45%, right? And when you 
see 45% ROCES in an assct-heavy business, you tend to salivate and you're okay to make some 
extra offorts to get there. Look at the Fairficld in Bangalore Outer Ring Road Murtuza, right? 
To be able to sell a Fairfield at INR 14,000, right? You can well imagine the ROCEs that asset 
is producing vis-a-vis if 1 had done a smaller upscale asset sclling at INR 18,000, right, or INR 
Page 18 of 24

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS— 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
19,000. So I think very similar to a fund manager, we sometimes have to take bets, which arc 
not lazy and casy, but that's the only way 
to create outsized returns for our shareholders. 
Would it be possible if you were to think of it, we have the revenue mix across the various 
categories and some sort of indication on at a portfolio level, not at individual asscts, but when 
you think of the entire portfolio, break it down between like you have mid-scale, upscale, upper 
mid-scale, what would be the ROCES for the current year? Like any indications, any number 
crunching that you would have done? 
So Murtuza, if you were to take upscale as one and the broader mid-scale as one, right, and not 
get too gramular about lower mid-scale and upper mid-scale. If you were to take upscale 
separately and mid-scale separately, I would and we can come back to you, but I think the 
mumbers would be fairly comparable. 
Micro maket. 
And again, as I said, it's very micro market driven. And I think Murtuza lead I 
also take you 
back to Slide 11. What is really important for us is to be in HITEC City across 3 price points. It 
is important for us to be in Navi Mumbai across 3 price points. It is important for us to be in 
Outer Ring Road across 3 price points and so on and so forth, right? 
So rather than doing another hotel, let's say, in Mysore or in Varanasi or in Lucknow and with 
all due respectto those markets, right? We think we fecl very, very comfortable with Tier 1. We 
think the equation of demand and supply is far more visible and predictable in Tier 1. And 
therefore, if SAMHI has to grow over the next 10 years, 15 years, 20 years, right, we are giving 
curselves optionality to grow without compromising on the locations. 
And Conrad Hilton taught this to us 100 years back. The only 3 things important in the sector is 
location, location and location. So I would not compromise on location. I would rather put 3 
price points in the same location, then be foreed to go to a suboptimal location because I cannot 
do miltiple price points. 
So I also think that operating across price points, Murtuza cnsures the management team, the 
Board and the sharcholders that this company will have arunway to grow for the next decade or 
2 and not just run out of opportunities after doing 5 upscale hotels and then be foreed to buy land 
and build hotels, and that's the task, which is good for some, definitely not good for us, right? 
So it gives us optionality, maintains a ROCE, allows us to dominate markets across all price 
points, which has its own advantages. So I think there is a lot of merit in pursuing a multi-price 
point strategy, but not compromise on the location. 
If Imay just chip in. given that you did diret us to Slide 11, should 
I think of the blank spaces 
as your future opportunities across price points and locations? 
Absolutely, yes, Murtuza, But i wishes were horses, as they say, getting something in Delhi, we 
need tobe careful, especially given the rules we put on ourselves, which is not about replacement 
Page 19 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Moderator: 
Vi aj Mahadevia: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
cost, But the answer s absolutely, yes. This is a football field, Murtuza. This is where we would 
like to take our capital. 
There are times we've waited for years to get into a micro market because, a, we need that micto 
market and we need that micro market at discount to replacement cost, right? So we know where 
we nieed o be. As I say, huck is about being at the right place at the right time. The place we 
know, the time will come and we'll get lucky. 
The next question is from the line of Viraj Mahadevia from MoncyGrow. 
Congratulations to the management team on the dircction of travel in the business. Quick 
question regarding the Courtyard by Marriott in Pune, which is a conversion from Four Points. 
When do you expect to see that up and running as a property? Is it carly FY 277 
So Viraj, the property is already operational, fully operational. We're actually continuing to see 
pretty good Y-o-Y growth in that property because carlier it was franchised and now it s 
managed by Marriott. And I think FY 127 will be a great year. 
We expect to start renovating that hotel from March, April. And like all of our renovations, we 
typically don't do any shutdowns. We do it on a wing wise basis staggered mannr. So I think 
our current guidance is that by end of FY 27, we should have renovated that hotel in phases and 
be ready for it to be a Courtyard. 
Understood. Also, the point you mentioned on refinancing of your debt, would you say that the 
interest cost would come down to sub 8% starting FY '27 onwards? Is that possible for your 
entire debt stack? 
So basis the current benchmarks, and Viraj, interest rates arc highly dependent on the 
benchmatks. If you were to freeze the benchmarks, where they are today, I think very possible 
that our overall financing costs will come sub-8% in FY 27, largely because a large debt that 
we have, we can only refinance it in May, right? Before that, we have some refinancing cost. 
But FY 127, clearly, our target s to bring the tofal weighted average cost of financing below. 
As per the plan that we have, i’ reaching to 8% by FY 27 with the current... 
With the current benchmark. See, the latest refinancing that we have done, Viraj, is actually at 
7.9%. And also, let me clarify how we get to 7.9%. The actual coupon is going to be 7.55%. 
7.55%. 
There is a 1% upfront, but instead of amortizing it over a 12-year period, which is the tenure of 
the loan, we're actually deciding to amortize it over a 3-year period, right? Because as you've 
scenin the Citibank case, once you refinance, you have to take that into your P&L. And we think 
that the credit rating of the company will keep improving every year. 
So we should not bind ourselves to certain interest rate benchmatks for the long term. So what 
we are doing is we are taking an accelerated accounting for the upfront, and that's how it actually 
gets to 7.9%, right? Otherwise, the coupon will be actually 7.55% and... 
Page 20 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
Based on cash outflow. 
Yes. We actually think that, therefore, 7.98% is what we will now push hard for. We are only at 
A+, We think that if we continue to deliver these scts of numbers, we should keep doing better 
on our rating. So that's really the expectation here. 
Fantastic. And ifthe RBIwere to cut rates, obviously, you would have that as additional benefit, 
tight, on the benchmarks. 
Yes. Quite a bit of our loans are actually linked to repo. So the moment there's a reduction in 
repo, it straight away flows through our interest. 
How much of your overall loans are linked to repo as a percentage? 
Close to about 55% to 60%-o0dd would be linked. 
So 3 categorics. There is small, which is fixed, about 20%, And the balance, let's say, 20% would 
be linked 
to MCLR, yes. And the 55% - 60% will 
be linked 
to repo, Viraj. 
Fantastic. My last question is regarding transferring incremental properties to the GIC joint 
venture platform. Do you see incremental propertics over the next 1 or 2 years from yourupper 
upscale being monetized and transferring to that platform, which may ease some of the concerns 
that investors have had around leverage and your capex point of view. 
So Lwill - first, I will repeat the fact that we are not - we think we have promised near term 3x, 
midterm 2.5x net debt to EBITDA. We will get there. We arc seeing - last 12 months, Viraj, we 
saw almost INR 350-0dd crores of free cash. 
A lot of our money s invested in the Tribute in Bangalore or the W in Hyderabad or the new 
hotels that we've opened carlicr this year or the inventory we arc opening. FY 27, minus the W/ 
will give us everything, and thercfore, they will see an exponential growth in EBITDA. 
So firstand foremost, we, as a team, do not see any concerns on leverage. Our investable surplus 
is adequate to find everything we have committed to so far. Thats mumber one. Number two, 
about transfer to the GIC asset is dependent on the value acerction and not solving a leverage 
problem, right? So I think for us, if's about if we can extract the right value and use it to find 
future growth, future means beyond what we have, Viraj, right? We will consider that. 
But as of today, we donit need to. I had mentioned carlier that a lot of our active pipeline is 
actually variable leascs. And variable lcases as unachievable as it may sound, you basically 
sceure a large asset for INR 10 — INR 15 crores upfront, and then you have defarred capital 
expenditure over a 2.5 — 3 year period to finish it. 
So that kind of allows you to match your cash flows with capex, right? And that is giving us the 
confidence of maintaining a certain amount of balance sheet discipline while delivering growth. 
The intent of the GIC platform s to grow. We are looking at certain opporturitics in that platform 
to grow that platform. Will we transfer an existing assets to that platform depends entirely on 
Page 21 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Vi aj Mahadevia: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
aj Mahadevia: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Rajiv Bhas 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajiv Bharti: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
the growth opportunities that we sce, the value in the growth versus the value we extract from 
‘monctizing the existing assets. Nothing so far, Viraj. So I don't want to kind of need anybody 
No problem. Last question is, if you can just guide us, Ashish, given the many moving parts 
around capex commitments, over the next 5 years, what would be the cunmlative capex of 
SAMHI maybe? 
Tust a second. 
If it's close to about INR 1,000 crores. 
So the total capex before Navi Mumbai was INR 1,100 crores, of which part of that was to be 
contributed by GIC. So on our own, the total capex is about INR 800 — INR 850 crores, right? 
And Navi Mumbai, we need to add to that, which s the first phase s about INR 650 crores. So 
about INR 1,500 crores. 
INR 1,500 crores. 
INR 1,500 crores is the total capex. 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Bharti from Nuvama. 
So on the Navi Mumbai asset, the cumulative capital employed without the working capital 
includes the INR70 crores write-back which you have done, is it the INR 1,000 crores mumber? 
No, no, it does not. 
Okay. And sccond part is there is Hotelivate report, which we have scen came in October, talks 
about 1,500 - 1,400 odd rooms in Navi Mumbai. Im not sure whether it includes your 
announcement as well. But what s the visibility, for example, acceleration in tems of the overall 
capacity, which would come in the next 5 years? I'm sceing what you are sceing otherwise? 
So Rajiv, Hotelivate and HVS and STR are 3 sources. And all of those 3 sources are indicating 
about 1,500 rooms to be added, does not include our asset. So when you add our asset, that will 
take it to 2,200 0dd rooms. 
Ithink 
2 things. One is, of course, we've seen only about 60% of the all announced projects ever 
being delivered in India. Tewo, we should also be prepared for more hotel development to come 
upon in Navi Mumbai Airport precinct. Of course, it will take its own time, but we should be 
mindful as investors that there will be more supply coming in at Navi Mumbai International 
Airport. 
But Rajiv, in a matket like this, there's cnough precedence to demonstrate that the current base 
is not an indicator of what the future would be. And we had the same situation at Delhi 
International Airport, where the overall Delhi supply on that day was about 10,000 rooms and 
Delhi Airport announced auctioning plots equaling about 4,500 rooms, right? 
Page 22 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Moderator: 
Ishmohit Ar 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
So on ahigh level, you thought, o, 50% supply inerease, all of that concentrated in a 2-kilometer 
radius. But as we've scen, Delhi Airport precinet has really done exceedingly well because it has 
been well supported by a massive infrastructure next to it, which is the airport. 
T think Navi Mumbai will sce a very similar transformation that I don't think we're going to stop 
at 1,500 rooms or 2,000 rooms or 
I think Navi Mumbai will eventually be a 5,000, 6,000 room 
market over the next 10, 15, 20 years. But at the same time, it will 
be backed by a massive 100 
million, 110 million passenger airport and all the data center office developments that you're 
sceing around it. 
So you would sce a completely 
new city emerging here, much like Delhi Acrocity or Outer Ring 
Road Bangalore, where there were no hotels 10 years back really, right? So I think in newer 
precincts, Rajiv, sometimes taking existing supply, adding proposed supply is not the right 
‘mathematics. I know sometimes we all do it. 
But the whole thing is about undarstanding the nature and the size of demand, which is being 
created. And unlike many other things, Rajiv, like office development or IT patks, the only one 
development, which guarantees demand is an airport because it's regulated, the current Bombay 
Airport is capped off at 45 - 50. The new airport is being built for 110. So I think airport brings 
a very high degree of assurance of how demand will be created. 
So we are prepared for supply. And actually, when we look at our guidance of INR 180-0dd 
crores, INR 185 crores EBITDA from this asset, when we open this, Rajiv, interestingly, it 
assumes that the RevPAR freezes to current levels. So we are already making an assumption 
that the RevPAR will remain to be the same in 2030 as they are in 2025. 
And we are all gunning for the fact that we'll be proven miserably wrong and the RevPARSs 
would continue to grow at 5%, 6% a year. But we are making that assumption because we don't 
know what will happen to supply. So we need to be prepared for it. 
The next question is from the line of Ishmohit Arora from SOIC Research. 
Congrats on getting the Navi Mumbai asset in place. Sir, question is that in H2 of this year, we 
expect the ballroom renovation and the new inventory to kick in, right, which wasn't there in H1 
of this financial year. 
That's right. So HI, we - not just - actually, if you ask me, we had no ballroom in Sheraton 
Hyderabad, we had no ballroom in Hyatt Place, Gurgaon. Some inventory in Hyatt Place, 
Gurgaon was under renovation because of the adjacent work around ballroom. We would have 
and then the hotels that we opened in Kolkata, Greater Noida, new inventory in Bangalore, all 
just in the first few months. 
We also delivered additional rooms in Sheraton Hyderabad, we are in November or no, in 
November, in the next few days or 
2 to 3 weeks. So quarter 
4, we will get a clear run for all of 
that new inventory and hotels, and it's also a great quarter. So what happens is that you are pretty 
smuch sold out Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday in that quarter. So as you deliver new inventory, 
the absorption is pretty quick actually. 
Page 23 of 24

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Ishmohit Ar 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Moderator: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
October 29, 2025 
That was my only question. Congrats to the cntire team on gefting the assets and hopefully 
basically we deliver for the shareholders and also the stakeholders in times to come. 
Thank you so much, Ladics and gentlemen, duc to time constraint, that was the last question. I 
now hand over to the management for closing comments. 
Thank you, everyone, for your time. I know we've taken a lot of your time today, but it deserves 
it. T will repeat that I was excited about when I started SAMHI in 2011. It has taken us 14 years 
o get to an inflection point, where the company is now producing a lot of frce cash to fund its 
own growth. 
We are cven more cxcited about the fact that we've been able to secure avenues to deploy that 
capital. As we see that companics have different problems in different cycles, we had a problem 
of leverage till about 2 years back. And in the last quarter, there were a lot of questions around 
us about growth. 
Ithink we have the free cash. We have the growth opportunitics for ourselves. I couldn't be more 
excited about SAMHI over the next 5 to 10 years. A lot of our value creation is now in execution. 
So we'd like to go back to our desk and make sure we exceute the promiscs that we made for 
you. Thank you for your time, and we'll speak to you soon in January, hopefully. Yes. Thank 
you so much. 
Thank you very much. 
On behalf 
of SAMHI Hotels Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconncet your lines. 
Page 24 of 24
