 
 
 
Registered Office Address: 8, Electronics Complex, Chambaghat, Solan - 173 213 (H.P.)  
Corporate Identification Number: L64203HP1994PLC014541   E-mail: investors@exicom.in     Website: www.exicom.com 
 
Date: November 12, 2025 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towerps, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400001  
corp.relations@bseindia.com  
  
SCRIP Code- 544133 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, C – 1, Block G, Bandra 
–Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) Mumbai – 400051  
 
cmlist@nse.co.in  
 
Symbol-EXICOM 
 
RE: 
Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). 
 
Subject:
Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call held on November 10, 2025, on the 
Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the Second Quarter and Half 
Year ended September 30, 2025, of the Financial Year 2025-26. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is further to our earlier announcement dated November 4, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call held on Monday, November 10, 
2025 at 4:30 P.M. (IST).  
 
The call was organized to discuss the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the Second 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025, of the FY 2025-26, which were approved by the 
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors at their respective meetings held on the same day i.e. 
November 10, 2025.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.exicom.com, in 
compliance with the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on records. 
 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Exicom Tele-Systems Limited 
 
 
Sangeeta Karnatak 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: Transcript of Investors’ Conference Call 
 
SANGEETA 
KARNATAK
Digitally signed by SANGEETA 
KARNATAK 
Date: 2025.11.12 15:00:27 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Exicom Tele Systems Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANANT NAHATA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – EXICOM TELE-SYSTEMS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SHIRAZ KHANNA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
EXICOM TELE-SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. RAHUL DANI – MONARCH NETWORTH CAPITAL 
LIMITED 
 

 
 
Exicom Tele Systems Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Exicom Tele Systems Q2 and H1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Monarch Networth Capital Limited. This conference call 
may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements do not 
guarantee the future performance of the company and may involve risks, uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Dani from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Dani: 
Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, it's my pleasure to host 
the senior management of Exicom Tele Systems. We have with us Mr. Anant Nahata, Managing 
Director, CEO of the company and we have Mr. Shiraz Khanna, CFO of the company. We will 
start the call with opening remarks from the management and then move to Q&A. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anant Nahata: 
Thank you, Rahul. This is Anant Nahata, and I welcome all the shareholders, stakeholders in 
Exicom. And today, we'll take you through our performance in quarter 2 financial year '26. So 
overall, this quarter, we did about INR228 crores revenue on a standalone basis with growth in 
EBITDA and PAT.  
And this performance reflects our clarity and consistent execution because both our businesses 
after a lull last quarter have found their rhythm again, translating technology depth and customer 
focused into stronger sales. With sharper product mix, higher exports and with the new facility 
in Hyderabad starting in the current quarter and continued cost discipline, we expect sustained 
growth in EBITDA and standalone EBITDA in the coming quarters like we have shown in the 
current quarter as well. 
 
On a consolidated basis, EBITDA continues to be under strain because as Tritium's near-term 
losses are expected to continue to impact consolidated results for a few more quarters. However, 
we still see this as a long-term growth driver. The new financing structure at Tritium level will 
allow us to continue focusing on growth and expansion while limiting Exicom's investment 
exposure but still being able to take part in long-term shareholder value creation. 
 
With that brief, let me jump straight away into the business segments, starting with our Critical 
Power business. So I'm on Slide 4 of the investor deck, which was uploaded a couple of hours 
ago. So when we look at Critical Power business division, quarter 2 saw a heightened activity in 
new tower installation and that resulted in growth of our revenue as well.  

 
 
Exicom Tele Systems Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Both consolidated and standalone revenue quarter-on-quarter and serially as well grew by 
approximately 60%, which was quite a healthy jump. One of the major milestone deliveries for 
project BharatNet has started. And also, we are ending the quarter with a strong order backlog 
of more than INR1,400 crores. 
 
Key highlights in Critical Power in quarter 2 was, as I just mentioned, we started supplying to 
at least three of the four large system integrators, and we also added a fourth system integrator 
by getting award for a multiyear supply and AMC contract. We delivered about 5,000 -- we 
delivered solutions for about 5,000 sites for BharatNet in quarter 2.  
We also secured orders from large telcos and tower companies for lithium-ion batteries as the 
trend of lead-acid conversion to lithium-ion continues to be strong. In other continuous projects, 
we were energy and power solution provider for what we call as uncovered village project, which 
is placing telecom infrastructure to connect border areas and rural -- provide rural connectivity.  
We continued dominance in this project with more than 60% business share. However, this 
project is coming to an end by December of this year, after which new awards of a similar tender 
-- similar new tender would be given to new SIs and the tender is under evaluation. There is a 
lot of focus of ours on the export market. In Q2, revenue from Africa and Southeast Asia, these 
are the two geographies that we export to in critical power segment.  
They accounted for 11% of quarterly revenue. We executed first order for one of the -- for the 
largest tower company in Africa. This was the first order, and we expect quarterly repeat orders 
of about under $1 million a quarter. We enhanced our wallet share with some existing large 
customers in Africa and also geographically diversified into 2 new geography markets, Ivory 
Coast and Cameroon.  
At the same time, while we are getting good traction in batteries, we want to make sure we keep 
developing products to be in line with the latest technology advancements. So higher capacity 
batteries are being developed by us, which improve the cost economics for our customers. 
 
Slide 6 presents the key future opportunities. Most of these are tenders, which are driven by 
BSNL, rural connectivity, broadband connectivity, the 3 line items shown in the table, which is 
next phase of BharatNet, BSNL requirement for power system and energy storage and the new 
uncovered village project that I just spoke about.  
All of them put together present an opportunity of about INR700 crores. These are tender-based, 
so hopefully, Exicom with its localized product portfolio and new facility, hopefully, we are able 
to win a good share of this business going forward. We also have started participating in -- for 
the same products that we have with a slight diversification in electric utilities.  
These utilities also use products similar to the DC power system that we supply to telecom to 
power their SCADA network or to protect their control and instrumentation at so many sites. 
This is an attractive segment, which can increase our revenue by a few percentages points. 
However, we are just -- we have won some pilot sites and we'll try to gain a bigger foothold as 
we go along in the next few quarters. 

 
 
Exicom Tele Systems Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
 
Page 7 just has our product portfolio, which you have seen from the presentations before. So 
overall, summarizing Critical Power, a healthy growth of about 60% on both standalone and 
consolidated basis, increased profitability and focus on exports and some new products and 
diversification into electric utilities. Those would be the key takeaway points from Critical 
Power. 
 
On the EV charging. Coming to the EV charging business unit, I'm on Slide 9. As you see, the 
vehicle growth of -- electric vehicle growth has been quite phenomenal. It is almost 25% growth 
compared to the last quarter and more than 100% compared to quarter 2 '25, which was quite 
lean.  
This is primarily because of increased focus of many OEMs in this sector, new launches by 
Mahindra, Kia and Tata and also because of higher adoption of e-buses powered by PM e-Bus 
Sewa scheme. When we look at our performance, we grew 26%, almost 27% compared to last 
quarter and 55% quarter-on-quarter. So it's been continuous healthy increase.  
On a consolidated basis, the revenues increased to about INR111 crores. This includes Tritium. 
But if you do a like-for-like comparison of consolidated revenue without Tritium, the revenue is 
about INR74 crores compared to INR46 crores in similar quarter last year, which is a growth of 
60%. 
 
Next slide shows the key highlights in EV charger space. We supply -- as you're aware, we 
supply both fast DC chargers as well as AC chargers for homes. We achieved the highest ever 
sales of AC charger by volume. More than 20,000 chargers were supplied in this quarter and 
also recorded the highest revenue for home chargers.  
In Bus and Truck segment, we partnered with an OEM to enter defense segment, and it's not 
easy to get approval for defense. We received it, and hopefully, it unlocks future opportunities 
for us. We're going to be supplying in the next quarter about 43 chargers under this project. And 
we have also won about 50 numbers of high-power chargers for bus hubs in Delhi and for a truck 
OEM. 
 
Trucking was a space not talked about in electric mobility. However, there are many new 
companies, including some of the established ones who have launched various trucking models 
in the electric variant. And we see this as a very exciting segment because the big manufacturing 
cement or capital goods companies are using such trucks to decarbonize. 
 
As we communicated last time, we launched our new platform of DC charger, which we call our 
Generation 2 platform. I'm happy to announce that 100% of the customers have migrated to this 
platform, seeing the value it brings to the table for them. Regarding the home chargers, we also, 
let's say, are developing e-commerce channel, not just on Amazon and Flipkart, but even on our 
own website.  
We always used to sell wall box charger there. We have recently launched portable charger here. 
And here also in September, October because of the festive seasons, we recorded highest ever 
sales on e-commerce channels for us. Albeit the number is very low, but we see this as an 
important avenue for growth in the next 18 to 24 months.  

 
 
Exicom Tele Systems Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
We are also working with some OEMs. There is a trend by various -- some of the OEMs, not all 
the OEMs to set up their own fast charging network. You will see some of the leading auto 
OEMs in India doing this over the course of next few months. Exicom is frontrunner for such 
contracts, not only because we provide very good quality chargers, which can elevate their user 
experience, but also provide end-to-end turnkey solutions pan-India.  
And because of this strength, we are gaining a lot of business in this sector. On Page 11, there 
are outlines of some policy developments where -- as such, no new policy has been introduced. 
PM E-Drive existed even in the last few quarters. But the only difference is majority of the buses 
were tendered in this quarter.  
And hopefully, they should be awarded in the next 1 month, which will bring in a lot of -- at 
least it will bring in a large addressable market for bus depot chargers over the next calendar 
year. We already spoke about new launches by major brands in the car, which impacted us 
supply of highest number of AC chargers, both in terms of volume as well as revenue. 
 
And we also spoke about the new sector, some new trucking companies, some home grown, 
some foreign companies and some established ones coming launching products for B2B 
partnerships and these projects have to be combined with high-power chargers because just the 
batteries and the trucks are very large.  
So overall, very positive policy environment, new car launches, trucking as a segment growing, 
so that creates a positive momentum for companies like Exicom. On the next page on 12, you 
see a very, let's say, futuristic modern EV charging station, which is a partnership of India's 
leading CPO Charge Zone and Tata EV, which is the EV arm.  
You see the station powered by Exicom's Generation 2 240-kilowatt charger. So we just wanted 
you to have a visual of what the next-generation petrol pumps look like. Slide 13 is our product 
portfolio right from small 3.3 portable -- 3.3 kilowatt charger, which is portable in nature, all the 
way to very high-power distributed charging.  
Page 14 shows on a consolidated basis, since we have Tritium in our portfolio, it shows the 
breadth of revenue, while Tritium revenue still have to scale, but from the split -- geography 
split, it is clear that India is going to be -- India will continue to be center of our work and it 
drives more than 50% of our sales. And U.S., U.K. and Europe, Australia and New Zealand each 
drive between 10% and 20% of sales.  
As Tritium scales up, we expect some of these percentages to grow in future. Commercial update 
on Tritium on Page 15. Tri-Flex, which is Tritium's latest product, so the portfolio that Tritium 
currently has namely by RTM and PKM, those are the names of the chargers. That's not obsolete, 
but that is aging.  
So it's imperative we bring new high-power chargers to the market, and that is called Tri-Flex. 
And there are many RFPs which are in very advanced stage with global charge point operators 
across U.S., Canada, U.K. and EU, and we expect this pipeline to be converted into orders over 
the next 3 months. 

 
 
Exicom Tele Systems Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
 
In addition to that the -- not just for Tri-Flex, but Tritium is pioneering another product, which 
is a DC fed charger. This is the second last point under the commercial traction section and has 
been selected as the primary vendor for the largest DC fast charging rollout in the fleet sector 
for deployment in second half of calendar year '26. So this deployment will start sometime in 
October of next year.  
And I again want to repeat while that time is still far away, it looks like 1 year away, but this is 
the largest DC fast charging deployment in the fleet sector ever done, and Tritium has been 
selected as the primary vendor for this. On a separate note, Exicom BV, which is the holding 
company for Tritium Group of Companies, has approved $40 million fund raise to fund product 
commercialization, working capital investment and fixed cost coverage to enable Tritium to 
reach EBITDA and cash flow breakeven, which is in -- which will be achieved in the last quarter 
of next year.  
We are confident at this point of time, we are engaged with investors and confident of this fund 
raise. On the technology development, as I said, most of the work is going around 
commercialization of Tri-Flex and DC-Flex, which is the DC fed charger selected for fleet 
deployment.  
As a byproduct of Tritium technology, there's another product which has come out, which is 
known by the name Grid-Flex. This is a solar inverter, but a different kind of solar inverter, 
which is highly modular and provides a lot of redundancy. Any business for accruing out of 
Grid-Flex has not been considered in our business plan and hopefully will be an upside. 
 
On Page 16 and 17, there are some marketing highlights. We are continuously doing many 
events, engagement with stakeholders and customers to popularize EV to make them understand 
charging to overcome both range anxiety and charge anxiety. There are some snippets of that on 
Page 16 and 17. We've also been blessed with Clean Mobility Award at Economic Times Energy 
Leadership and some other forums as well. 
 
So that's the business update. Before I pass to Shiraz, I'll quickly take you through an update of 
the new plant, which is coming online for trial production this month and commercial production 
in January. So this is Page 28. This is the view of our new plant. Expected workforce will be 
about 550.  
The capabilities are all the way from PCB assembly to box assembly to entire system integration, 
lithium-ion battery lines for telecom for cell-to-module and pack assembly with BMS and 
multiple lines for AC and DC chargers. So while some external work is still going on, but the 
entire plant area is completed and trial production is going to be starting in November, in fact, 
in the next 3 days.  
And of various products, not -- we have products across AC chargers, DC chargers, telecom 
power system batteries. So each of these will have trial production over the next 2 months, 
slowly scaling up. And from January, we expect full commercial production to have started. On 
the next page, you see various photos of our electronics and electrical plant, some plant and 
machinery, the SMT line, etcetera.  

 
 
Exicom Tele Systems Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
So I'm very excited about this because it's a big step-up in terms of capabilities, technology of 
manufacturing, capacity of manufacturing and over the years, it should yield us better, let's say, 
yield out of lesser resources. So more efficient production should happen over the years. So 
thank you, everyone. I'll be here for question-and-answer towards the end of the meeting. With 
that, I'll pass to our CFO, Shiraz Khanna, to take you through the financial highlights on Page 
19. Thank you. 
Shiraz Khanna: 
Thank you so much, Anant, and thanks for the update. This is Shiraz Khanna. As Anant 
mentioned in his opening remarks, we had a good quarter 2 this year with revenue standalone at 
INR228 crores against INR150 crores in quarter 1 and INR148 crores in Q2 last year in financial 
year '25. This has given us a growth of 52% year-on-year on quarter-on-quarter and 54% year-
on-year.  
The positive side is that the growth has come in both our sectors, Critical Power by 53% year-
on-year and EVSE of 55% year-on-year. Our gross margin with the increase in the revenue has 
also grown from INR49.3 crores last quarter to INR60.3 crores this quarter. And this is also 
healthy from same time last year in Q2 when it was INR47.5 crores, so some positive sign on 
that side.  
However, the margins have been a little constrained or challenging because there has been a 
slight shift in the product mix. The sales have also helped come through lithium batteries where 
the margins are a little lower than the normal other products. EBITDA continues to grow with 
the increase in sales, which is INR15.1 crores in this quarter as compared to INR12.6 crores last 
quarter and as compared to INR6 crores in Q2 '25.  
It could have been a little higher because of the margins being a little constrained. But 
nevertheless, it has grown this quarter. The PAT also is a big jump from the last quarter where 
we had INR1.1 crores as PAT. This has grown to INR5.9 crores in this quarter and even better 
than Q2 in '25. 
 
On a consolidated basis, our revenue when taking Tritium into account was INR281.7 crores 
this quarter as compared to INR205 crores last quarter and INR153 crores Q2 in '25. Even if we 
exclude Tritium revenue and compare it with the last year same quarter, we are still higher on a 
year-on-year basis by 84%. Margins are again higher in terms of INR89.4 crores on a 
consolidated basis, though the margin percent has dipped, as I mentioned, because of the product 
mix that has happened. 
 
EBITDA continues to be constrained when we add Tritium as it's still picking up speed in terms 
of revenue and margins. But the loss has been lesser, it's INR32.7 crores as compared to INR38.6 
crores last quarter. That also increases from the loss that we had in last quarter to INR66.7 crores. 
 
In H1, overall, if we compare, we are pretty much same in terms of top line of INR379 crores as 
compared to INR391.9 crores last year in H1. H1 last year had some good sales wins in quarter 
1. But if you see the sales in this quarter and hopefully, in the next 2 quarters, we should be able 
to gain momentum. Margins, again, a little constrained in terms of the product mix, but still 
holding on to the gross margin and EBITDA in standalone. 

 
 
Exicom Tele Systems Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
 
And consolidated, we have a revenue, which is INR487 crores when we take Southeast Asia and 
Tritium along the Indian standalone as compared to INR405 crores last year. The gross margin 
is INR170 crores consolidated as compared to INR124.9 crores. EBITDA is constrained because 
of Tritium, which has already been shared and so is PAT. 
 
I'll now move to two other slides, Slide number 30, which gives a quick update in terms of the 
IPO. We got listed on the 5th of March '24, where we had raised INR400 crores with an object 
spread out mentioned on Page number 30 -- Slide number 30. We are pretty much utilized all 
the IPO funds as per the plan that we had when we raised the funds.  
We have in Hyderabad as of 30th of September, INR17.29 crores still to be spent. And as Anant 
mentioned, we are going in for trial production in the next couple of days and a full-fledged 
production starting January quarter. So all this will be utilized as per plan. R&D, we had planned 
for expenditure of INR20 crores in this financial year, which is still on, and we are trying to do 
the right amount of investment in R&D to continue to be developing new products. 
 
And we had also come out with a rights issue. Recently, we had raised almost INR260 crores. 
The good part is through that, we had repaid the debt of INR55 crores, which is an unsecured 
debt. We have also converted a debt from promoters of INR106.9 crores into equity, and we had 
earmarked INR85 crores for investment in Tritium.  
All I'm happy to share has been as per the plan and followed the communication or the objective 
that we have raised the funds for. As of 30th of September, we still have INR28.3 crores as funds 
still to be deployed for Tritium. I think with that, I'd like to hand it back to the moderator so that 
Anant and myself can answer questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sai Surendra an Individual Investor. 
Sai Surendra: 
Regarding the Netherlands subsidiary, the losses are significantly high. When the continuous 
capital inflation is happening. Also in this quarter results, we are seeing the continued pressure 
on consolidation performance. Can you please clarity what specific actions have been taken to 
reduce these losses will you expect breakeven? 
Anant Nahata: 
I didn't understand the -- is your question breakeven on the consolidated side? 
Sai Surendra: 
Yes, yes. 
Anant Nahata: 
Yes. So if you see on the standalone performance, we have definitely come around this quarter 
with revenues increasing 60% and with EBITDA and profitability also increasing. And as the 
projects which are giving us this revenue and the EV sales have picked up steam, we only expect 
better EBITDA in the coming 2 quarters.  
On the consolidated basis, yes, the EBITDA is under pressure. At this point of time, as I said in 
my presentation, I can only say we see long-term potential and not in terms of potential in the 
air, but with real contracts on ground. 

 
 
Exicom Tele Systems Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
 
As I mentioned, we have been selected as the primary vendor for the largest EV charger 
hardware rollout, that is going to start after 1 year. Similarly, for the new product, there is a very 
advanced pipeline, which will start getting converted to orders beginning next month itself and 
will continue so over the next 2 months.  
So overall, I'm positive about it. But yes, over the next three quarters, consolidated EBITDA 
will continue to be a -- sorry, for the next 4 quarters, consolidated EBITDA will continue to be 
under pressure. But I think with external financing being organized, the pressure on Exicom 
investing will be less. 
Sai Surendra: 
Okay, sir. And which is the new Hyderabad plant coming online, how much revenue contribution 
do you expect from this capacity and from which is the quarter will we start seeing the 
meaningful impact in these regions? 
Anant Nahata: 
So as I said, trial production is starting in 2, 3 days, and we'll take one by one product line and 
do the trial production over the next 2 months. The commercial production will start from 
January. So I think you will start seeing benefit of this plant from January onwards. But in terms 
of seeing any significant benefits on P&L, I think we'll have to wait till the next financial year 
because we'll be only in start-up mode even towards the end of this financial year. 
Sai Surendra: 
Okay, sir. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Kumar an Individual Investor. 
Anand Kumar: 
I think this is good consolidated -- standalone perform. A couple of questions, building on to the 
first question. Hyderabad plant, will it be used to produce product for the Tritium Group of 
companies also or only for the non-Tritium Group of companies only? 
Anant Nahata: 
Voice is not clear. 
Shiraz Khanna: 
Is Hyderabad going to be used for India only or for Tritium also? 
Anant Nahata: 
Yes. So in the -- so we have designed plant in a way where it can be used for Tritium products 
as well. However, as you are aware, Tritium has a large plant in U.S. where we are incurring 
cost. So first, Tritium's objective would be to utilize that plant. However, there are certain 
components of that product, which we'll be manufacturing in the Hyderabad plant from the very 
beginning. And when their volume grow beyond a certain point, we will also utilize this plant to 
make their final products. But that time line is not certain at this point. From a capability 
perspective, it absolutely can cater to Tritium's products. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Khush Khotari from Strive Point Capital. 
Khush Khotari: 
So I actually wanted to understand what is the application for lithium-ion batteries with regards 
to the data center side of things. I remember in one of the earlier con calls, you mentioned that 
we have started with some pilot projects. So what are the updates with regards to that? 
Anant Nahata: 
Can you -- are you saying the other application of lithium-ion batteries? 

 
 
Exicom Tele Systems Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Khush Khotari: 
In one of our earlier calls, you have mentioned that there is application for the data centers as 
well with regards to our lithium-ion batteries? 
Anant Nahata: 
Yes. So we are -- so while 90% of our sales continue to be in telecom, data center is not as big 
a market for us as telecom. However, there are multiple live inquiries. Even this quarter, I think 
we have sold almost 20 battery systems to data center. And I think the effort is to grow that. It's 
not growing to the extent that data center is growing. But every quarter, we are increasing our 
sales in data center batteries. However, as a percentage of what we do in telecom is quite less 
and the effort would be to grow that in the coming quarters. 
Khush Khotari: 
Got it. And with regards to Tritium, can you explain a bit more in terms of strategy, what we are 
planning, how are we moving forward? This markets where we are -- so with regards to Tritium, 
can you explain a bit more in terms of strategy what we are doing, which geographies will we 
be targeting moving ahead? 
Anant Nahata: 
Yes. So Tritium, as I said, yes, the turnaround has taken a lot of time. There are 2 things which 
are critical for turnaround fleet segment opportunity that we have -- fleet charging opportunity 
that we have, one of the largest in the world and promoting Tri-Flex to the advanced pipeline 
that we have. And all these customers, I think your question was about geography.  
So Tritium's main focus is America and U.K. and Europe. So these are the 3 geographies where 
Tritium's entire focus is, though they do some sales in Australia, other regions, but the main 
focus would be these three geographies. That's why we acquired Tritium to begin with because 
we saw it as complementary. Exicom focuses on India, Southeast Asia, Middle East, while 
Tritium would focus on the developed markets with their product, and that still is the strategy. 
Khush Khotari: 
Got it. And with regards to Hyderabad plant, are you planning any investor day for plant visits? 
Anant Nahata: 
Absolutely. We'll be planning that in first quarter of calendar next year. 
Khush Khotari: 
Definitely. I would love to have a separate call with the management team as well as possible. 
Anant Nahata: 
Sure. We'll take a note of that. 
Khush Khotari: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Kumar, an Individual Investor. 
Anand Kumar: 
I missed asking the second question, my apologies for that. I thought sometime during the 
presentation you mentioned that the BharatNet Phase 1 will be done by end of December of this 
year or by end of December 2026. And if so, if BharatNet has gone from the critical power 
revenue what does it mean going forward for the subsequent quarters? 
Shiraz Khanna: 
So is BharatNet as we have mentioned that we've done sales over there and will continue till '26 
onwards onwards. 
Anant Nahata: 
So it's a 30-month project, though we started in... 

 
 
Exicom Tele Systems Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
 
Shiraz Khanna: 
Last quarter... 
Anant Nahata: 
End of quarter 1, but from any significant volume perspective, it's only been 1 quarter since we 
have started, which is quarter 2. So I think this will continue for at least 10 to 11 quarters. The 
project would continue. It's just in the start-up phase at this point. 
Shiraz Khanna: 
And just to add, thereafter, we have another 5 years of AMC on the RVNL that we're giving. 
Anand Kumar: 
Somehow I misinterpreted this. Something was mentioned as what -- sometime will end by 
December '24, '25. Thank you. Thanks for clarification. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no more questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Anant Nahata: 
Yes. So thank you, all shareholders, participants. Thank you, Monarch Networth. We'll continue 
to strive to increase our revenue profitability. On a consolidated basis, there is short-term pain, 
which we really hope will be offset by long-term gains and we'll keep updating you every quarter 
on the progress we are making. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Anant Nahata: 
Thank you. 
