 
 
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Compliance Department 
 
 
Corporate Relations Department 
“Exchange Plaza” 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
 
 
 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
NSE Symbol: ARE&M 
 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500008 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call - Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to our letter dated November 3, 2025, the transcript of the Earnings call held on 
November 7, 2025, is enclosed herewith and the same will also available on the website of the 
Company at: https://www.amararajaeandm.com/investors/Earnings-calls. 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thank you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
(Formerly known as Amara Raja Batteries Limited) 
 
 
 
Vikas Sabharwal 
Company Secretary & 
Vice President - Legal 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
VIKAS 
SABHARWA
L
Digitally signed by VIKAS SABHARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=4371, 
pseudonym=05e6f56c78ec4e84abaa72fd6
e44c16e, 
2.5.4.20=c38864386b6167929ceebbb00781
9fbf5d5a5c88a9e1fd4a246d4286443fb175, 
postalCode=110052, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=1ebf4de41885feeb8db316d
4a0f7d2aa5d9d19b58eba0a43f597b8c78e5
77a3a, cn=VIKAS SABHARWAL 
Date: 2025.11.12 17:14:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. Y. DELLI BABU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AMARA RAJA ENERGY & MOBILITY LIMITED 
 
MS. SWAJITHA RAPETI – HEAD, CORPORATE FINANCE 
– AMARA RAJA ENERGY & MOBILITY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JOSEPH GEORGE – IIFL CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
Q2FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Capital Services Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Joseph George from IIFL Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Joseph George: 
Thank you, Sarthak. Hello, everyone. On behalf of IIFL Capital, I welcome you all to the 2Q 
FY '26 Results Conference Call of Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited. From the company, 
we have Mr. Y. Delli Babu, Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. Swajitha Rapeti, Head, Corporate 
Finance. Now I'll hand over the call to the management for opening remarks. Over to you. 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. I'll give a quick brief of the performance 
of Q2. During Q2, the total consolidated revenue stood at INR3,467 crores, which is a growth 
of around 6.5% over the previous year, out of which lead acid business contributes to around 
95% and rest comes from New Energy business. 
 
Lead acid business registered a revenue of INR3,297 crores during Q2, which is a growth of 
around 5% on Y-o-Y basis. The revenue growth is supported mainly by robust OEM demand 
across 4-wheeler and 2-wheeler segments. OEM volumes have grown about 30% during the 
quarter on a year-on-year basis, whereas the aftermarket volumes remained stable across product 
segments on account of procurement delays following the revision in GST rates. 
 
International volumes have remained flat with no growth compared to previous year on account 
of tariff uncertainties. However, this is expected to recover in the subsequent quarters. With 
respect to the other applications, Lubes continue to gain momentum in the market, and we have 
achieved a revenue of INR50 crores during the quarter. 
 
Lead acid industrial volumes have degrown during the quarter by around 11% over the previous 
year, primarily on account of decline in telecom volumes. While the lead acid telecom volumes 
are declining, the lithium telecom volumes have registered substantial growth during the quarter 
on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 
With respect to UPS, the volumes have grown by around 5% during the quarter. With respect to 
the New Energy business, the Q2 delivered healthy quarterly performance with a revenue of 
around INR170 crores, which is a growth of more than 50% compared to previous year. This 
growth is supported by increased demand for telecom packs and chargers. Telecom volume grew 
substantially with 150 megawatts of supply, whereas 3-wheeler volumes remained largely stable 
during the quarter. 
 
Further, we also commenced supplying 3-wheeler packs with LFP cells during the current 
quarter. While we continue to supply off-board chargers, AC and DC chargers order book had 
crossed 5,000 numbers. And during Q2, we infused INR350 crores into Amara Raja Advanced 
Cell Technologies, which is the lithium subsidiary. And with this, the overall investment is now 
at around INR1,200 crores. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
Coming to the profitability, the stand-alone operating margin stood at around 12%. However, if 
we adjust the lithium telecom batteries, the margins would be around 12.4%. Though the margins 
have improved by 0.5% on quarter-on-quarter basis, they are subdued on a year-on-year basis, 
primarily due to provisions with respect to higher warranty expense and EPR liability provisions. 
 
Amara Raja is running a battery collection program over a period of years. And today, we are 
able to collect 75% to 80% of the batteries sold. As per the BWMR regulations from the current 
financial year, we have an obligation to collect 90% of the batteries sold 3 years ago. This 
percentage was 70% till last financial year, and we met our obligations. 
 
We are also buying our EPR credit wherever there is a shortfall, and we anticipate the demand 
for this EPR certificate may go up in future. Hence, on a prudent basis, we have provided for 
EPR credit cost in our books based on our revised estimates on scrap collection program. Going 
forward, as we ramp up our collections, provided the scrap recycling price is competitive with 
the LME rates, these provisions may come down or even may not be required. Hence, in the 
current quarter, there is an overall impact of around INR35 crores. 
 
With respect to the capex outlay during the H1 at a consolidated level, we spent around INR650 
crores between New Energy business and lead acid business. For the full year, we are expecting 
a total outlay of INR1,400 crores to INR1,500 crores with a major outlay towards New Energy 
business during H2. So that's a brief on the Q2 performance. We are happy to take any questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question comes from the line of Raghunandhan N. L. from 
Nuvama Research. Please go ahead.  
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Good to see the strong performance in the New Energy business. Sir, firstly, on the volume 
growth for the Lead Acid Battery, can you share some numbers for 4-wheeler, 2-wheeler, how 
is the OEM replacement export? And also on the industrial side, how much is the growth? 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
With respect to the OEM volumes, there has been a strong demand. It has grown by around 30% 
during the quarter, whereas the aftermarket, on the 4-wheeler side, was pretty stable. We didn't 
find much of a growth over there on account of this GST rate revisions. And whereas on the 2-
wheeler side, there is a slight  growth of around 1% to 2%. 
 
Coming to the industrial volumes, the telecom volumes have seen a decline by around 35%-- 
because of the lithium migration, , whereas the UPS has grown by around 5%. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
And OEM volume, 30%, this is for 4-wheeler or 2-wheeler? 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
Both have grown at a similar rate. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it. And also in terms of EPR credit cost, which you indicated at INR35 crores, would this 
sustain at these levels for coming quarters? How do you see this panning out? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
No, no, Raghu. I think this is a onetime cost that we have factored considering what could be 
the total liability till date. We expect as we have explained in the opening remarks, almost 75% 
to 80% of the total target we are able to collect through our regular scrap collection program that 
we are running. So since until last year, there was no problem. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
And this year, the number has gone up to 90%, while we hope to achieve even the 90% collection 
as well, but the prudence in the accounting demands that if the existing run rate were to prevail 
in the future and also considering the fact that the EPR certificate cost is also expected to increase 
in the future depending on the demand from other competitors as well, which is where we have 
taken a one-time provision of about INR35 crores in this quarter. 
 
But going forward, the impact on a monthly basis will not be more than INR1 crore depending 
on the sales volume. So this is not going to be a recurring expenditure. But once for all, we have 
estimated the provision and then we have taken it. And if the scrap prices were to be competitive 
enough so that we get in comparison with the LME procurement, even this provision may not 
be required in future. But as a prudent measure, we have taken in this quarter. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it, sir. So if I understand correctly, in stand-alone reported margin is 12%. Adjusting for 
EPR, it would have been 13%. And also that lithium business cost, if I adjust for that, it will 
further increase by another 40 basis points, 13.4%. Would that be the right understanding? And 
just continuing... 
Y. Delli Babu: 
If we take out the lithium trading revenue out of the stand-alone books, then naturally, you will 
see that but for the EPR and the trading revenue, what you said is absolutely right. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it, sir. And sir, earlier you had explained that you have triggers like the tubular plant will go 
to full capacity in Q3 and the power cost issues will get resolved and also the recycling plant 
will be up and running in Q4. How do you see the benefits to the margin given these 3 initiatives 
going forward? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
As I mentioned earlier, Raghu, I think tubular manufacturing impact will only be felt in the next 
season. Obviously, now I'm taking some depreciation expenses because commercial production, 
has just commenced. And obviously, the volumes will be subdued in this quarter per se. In Q4, 
I'm sure there will be volumes that are coming up from this. So manufacturing revenue should 
definitely help us improve a bit of margin. While I have given earlier the indicative margins, but 
I wouldn't want to give an absolute number in this call. 
 
The power issues also to a major extent, got resolved, except for the electricity duty issue, which 
is currently subsidies. We hope some resolution will be found sometime towards the beginning 
of next year. The scrap recycling battery breaking operations right now, we are expecting that 
we will commence sometime in the month of January. 
 
So once the plant stabilizes and if we are able to improve the recovery beyond what we are 
getting today, it should definitely be margin accretive on the operating side. But I would like to 
discuss the specific numbers once these actual operations kick in. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it, sir. One more question before I fall back to the queue. Sir, capex in first half is around 
INR400 crores in stand-alone. How much will be the full year capex? And lithium investment 
so far is INR1,200 crores, how much more will be invested in FY '26 and FY '27… 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, please stay on hold. The management has disconnected. We will 
reconnect the management and continue the call where we left off. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Should I repeat the question? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Sir, just quickly on the capex side, INR400 crores was the investment in H1 in stand-alone 
business. What would be the full year capex on Lead Acid Battery? And lithium investment so 
far is INR1,200 crores, how much more will be invested in FY '26 and FY '27? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Raghu, on the lead acid side, this INR400 crores includes even the tubular battery capex that we 
have invested. So on a full year basis, lead acid net off the tubular investment, we should be 
around INR500 crores to INR600 crores because we are investing some money on a couple of 
line expansions and also some of the factory of the future digital initiatives. 
 
And as far as New Energy is concerned, we may have to spend another INR600 crores to INR700 
crores during the year because all 3 projects, which is ePositive Labs and CQP as well as the 
first gigafactory are now running in full speed. And in fact, the equipment installation is going 
on with respect to the ePositive Labs and CQP. 
 
Since next year, there will not be much of an additional capex from lead acid point of view, we 
may fall back to a level of about INR350 crores to INR400 crores of maintenance and other 
small debottlenecking capex in lead acid and probably we'll need to spend about another 
INR1,000-odd crores in the next year. But these efforts will vary based on what is the pace at 
which these projects get implemented. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
A few questions on the lithium-ion business. So the recent announcement from China restriction 
on equipment used for lithium-ion cell, are we seeing any impact or deferment because of that? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, there is a Chamber of Commerce guideline as to which machinery they should not export 
and which machinery they can. But again, a couple of days back, there was an announcement 
again to postpone the deadline if I remember correctly, the original deadline was 8th November. 
 
There is also a talk about postponing the deadline as well but to the extent of the machinery that 
we have ordered so far for all the 3 projects, we don't see a challenge. And if at all, there are 
going to be any challenges, we are also exploring alternatives from other geographies as well. 
 
So at this point of time, while there could be some minor delays because it is not a blanket ban 
on exporting those machineries, but it is more of getting certain clearances from certain agencies 
in that country so that they can still export. So that way, while there could be some delays, I 
don't see a major challenge in terms of not being able to procure a machinery for any of the 
orders that we have made so far. But there can also be alternatives in other geographies. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Sure, sir. My sir, second question is, in our presentation, we speak about that NMC capacity of 
2 gigawatt will come in first half of '27. And then it talks about directly the second capacity 
expansion directly in 2030. In between, when can we expect LFP? And if you can just explain 
the time line from now till 2030 in different phases of expansion? 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, there are internal time lines that have been discussed, but I'm unable to put a specific time 
line now considering the various product demand discussions that are happening. While, we 
expect that there could be a year delay between NMC launch as well as LFP launch. But I will 
come back to you with the specific dates in the coming quarters. 
 
But at this point of time, I'm unable to give you a phase-wise LFP capacity addition. We just 
need some more time and then -- there are certain demand discussions that need to fructify so 
that I can give you the proper timelines, but I'll be needing some more time before I confirm that 
to you. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Sure, sir. Now sir, just one clarification. On the capex front, you mentioned that in FY '26, our 
capex, excluding tubular expansion would be INR500 crores to INR600 crores. And including 
tubular, what would be that number, sir? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
I think I thought I said INR600 crores including tubular. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Including, fair enough, fair enough, fair enough. Sir, final question. So far, about INR1,200 
crores we have invested in lithium, and you gave a number of INR1,000 crores to be invested in 
next year. In FY '26, what would be the incremental investment, I mean, for FY '26 in lithium-
ion sir? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
In the subsidiary, we have invested so far INR1,200 crores. They still carry a cash of around 
INR250-odd crores with them. So I may have to invest another INR500 crores during the current 
fiscal for them to spend that INR600 crores, INR700 crores kind of a capex this year. And 
thereafter, in the next year, I need to do the balance. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura Holdings. 
Kapil Singh: 
My first question is on the demand side. You mentioned that there is 30% growth in the OEM 
side. Can you just give some color here as to what could be the reasons for that? Because 
obviously, the underlying market hasn't grown at that pace and how to think about it going 
forward? And also what percentage of revenues for you come from telecom and UPS segments? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, between telecom and UPS today, we get about 20% of the total revenue. Of course, there 
are other segments like railways and power control. I'm talking about the overall lead acid 
industrial volumes. As far as OEMs are concerned, we had some good traction in some of the 
OEMs. 
 
And also there was a production ramp-up that was there during the month of September for the 
festival season, et cetera. So that's where we have seen a good uptake happening in the OEMs. 
While the specifics around each OEM is something that we are not discussing in these calls. 
Kapil Singh: 
No, I understand. I'm not looking for specifics on the OEMs, but just to understand because the 
growth is much more than the underlying industry growth, is it something that you expect will 
continue going ahead? Or should we expect a little bit higher growth than industry? How to think 
about this? 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Y. Delli Babu: 
No, no, no, Kapil. I think these are more of -- you know there were certain ramp-up that was 
done by the OEMs considering their festive season and also the GST rate reductions. That was 
one of the reasons that has increased the number substantially. But I don't see that this 
momentum will continue in the coming quarters as well. We'll again fall back to the normal 
growth rates of all OEMs. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. And sir, we have seen lead prices going up. Is there any pricing action by the company as 
well? Or anything expected there? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
As of now, no, Kapil, but we'll -- because again, while we are seeing 2,000 LME, again, we 
expect that it will again come back. But rupee has been behaving in a little volatile manner. But 
as of now, we are yet to take any pricing action in the aftermarket. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure. And sir, on the lithium ion business, just one question. How have been the imported cost 
for LFP NMC? Is there any change from last time or they have stabilized? And for our cell 
facility, is there a risk for sourcing raw materials also in future? How do you think about that 
risk? Because raw material may be getting sourced from China in future, right? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, yes, yes. See, as of now, the cost-effective solution- supply chain for raw material is clearly 
from China. I don't think there are enough and many alternatives for it. Geopolitical issues with 
respect to ban on some of the material is something that we keep hearing. 
 
But as such, on the raw material side, we should not have a significant challenge because of the 
kind of excess capacity that got created. I think over a period of time, things should normalize. 
As far as cell prices are concerned, we have seen a marginal increase of maybe $1, $2 here and 
there. But by and large, they remain more or less the same as what we have seen in the earlier. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vaishnavi Gurung from Craving Alpha Wealth Fund. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
My first question is on the UPS business side. So on the data center side, how do we expect the 
UPS business to grow going ahead on an annualized basis? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See, our industrial UPS applications, they vary not only from data centers, but also various other 
power control installations. and other financial services companies for their ATMs, et cetera. So 
that way, data center business today in India, if you see, there is a clear migration towards the 
lithium solution than of a lead acid solution. 
 
While in some abroad markets, we still see that UPS batteries on lead acid chemistry are still 
being used. So that way, data centers will definitely be helpful in getting the volumes on the 
lithium side, but lead acid requirements on the UPS side might be growing in a very slow pace. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
So sir, on the lithium side, if you can help us with the annualized growth numbers for UPS. 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Right now, we don't supply any UPS batteries on lithium chemistry. Currently, our supplies of 
lithium is more for telecom storage segment. And the other segments like BESS and UPS or 
even the home lithium solution, these are all under development now. So hopefully, at some 
point of time in future, we'll be able to present those products to the market. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
Sir, my second question is on the new age business. With respect to the telecom side, do we see 
any competition on that business? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes. Telecom lithium business has more competition than the lead acid telecom business 
because in lead acid telecom, we are only 3 players, whereas in the lithium pack side, there are 
more than 6 to 7 players. But I'm sure not all of them are having plans for putting up their own 
cell capacity. So that way, at the pack level, the competitive pressure is definitely higher than 
what it is on the lead acid side. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
Okay, sir. One follow-up question on the telecom side, do we expect to maintain our market 
share of 50% going ahead in the new age business in telecom side? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes. On a combined basis, even today, we have a substantial market, but I'm sure with the 
number of players that are there in the lithium side, it may marginally come down, but we will 
still be a very significant player in the telecom business because we are having a very good 
market share even on the lithium side. As we have mentioned earlier, in the current quarter, it 
has crossed the supplies of more than 150 megawatt hour. 
 
So I think we should, in the long term, maintain the same level of market shares what we used 
to maintain in the lead acid. But in the interim, owing to higher competition, we may have to see 
some level of reduction in the market share, but I'm sure we'll pull it back. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
Sir, my last question is on the revenue side, consolidated for FY '26, if you can give any guidance 
on that? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
No, we have not been giving any specific guidance on the revenue. Basically, the growth rates 
across industries, what we have discussed in the earlier calls, we believe will be sustained in the 
next year as well. We expect the Lead Acid Battery revenue to grow anywhere between 8% to 
10% in the next year as well. But I don't have a specific guidance number for you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Saurabh Kachhawa from IndusInd General Insurance. 
Saurabh Kachhawa: 
I wanted to understand your aspiration or guidance for the EBITDA margins for each of the 
business verticals. 
Y. Delli Babu: 
At the entity level is what we definitely aspire on a run rate basis from here to move to a 13% 
EBITDA margin. And considering the higher lead base that we are currently operating at close 
to INR210,000 we will have to first reach the first milestone of 13%. And thereafter in the long 
term, I think we should again move back to our original EBITDA margin of 14% over a period 
of time. But that may take some more time before the internal efficiency projects which are 
currently running and also the other initiatives on recycling and tubular manufacturing to come 
into full force. So it will take some more time. But idea is, again, we move back to our original 
margin 14%, even at elevated level of INR210,000. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Mihir Vora from Equirus. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Mihir Vora: 
Sir, basically, in the opening remarks, it was mentioned that you had took some warranty 
provisions. So one is, can you quantify the same? And whether what are the warranty provisions 
regarding -- and why would they be elevated in the quarter currently? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes. See, we have increased the overall warranty offering on the products some time ago. And 
then we are seeing that there is a bit of an increase in the overall actual replacements that we are 
currently making. 
 
When we see that there is an upward movement in the actual replacements, we tend to generally 
provide for it on an estimation basis for future also because these estimates have to be altered as 
per the accounting norms on a quarterly basis. That is where some level of expenditure was 
taken. While I don't immediately have the exact number, that was also one of the reasons why 
there is a quarter-on-quarter increase in the overall expenditure. 
Mihir Vora: 
So just a follow-up on that. Like so for next few quarters, we may see this provision to be a 
higher number as such? Or how are we looking at like till how many quarters we may see the 
pain? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
We may have this challenge for at least next couple of quarters at this point of time. I think 
because we have also completed beefing up of the product as well to meet this kind of higher 
timeline as well. So that way, I think we may have a challenge for next couple of quarters and 
thereafter, it should again come back to normalcy. 
Mihir Vora: 
All right. Okay. Okay. And second, sir, like we mentioned in the presentation that we are going 
ahead with an NMC capacity. But now many OEMs, both in the 2-wheelers and PVs like PVs 
is already LFP, but 2-wheelers are talking about getting into an LFP pack also. So how easy it 
is to convert a facility from NMC to LFP? Or how are we looking at things going ahead? Just 
some light on what we are seeing on the customer traction side there. 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Though there is a constant effort as we have mentioned in the opening remarks that even in 3-
wheeler applications, there are OEMs who are asking to move to the LFP chemistry, but we still 
believe -- there will be some portion of both 2-wheelers and 3-wheelers, which would still 
require an NMC chemistry. That is the reason from the beginning, we have been saying our 
NMC capacity will not cross beyond 2 gigawatt hour. 
 
And even in case if there is a challenge because this being a cylindrical form factor with some 
bit of an incremental capex, while I'll not be able to quantify that capex number, we can still 
move to an LFP cylindrical form factor. So that way, it is not going to be taxing on the capex. 
But we still believe that the overall demand potential for NMC will remain good enough for us 
to sell this capacity of 2 gigawatt hour. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rishi Vora from Kotak Securities. 
Rishi Vora: 
Firstly, just on the quarter, on a sequential basis, we have seen a sharp increase in gross margins. 
So what has led to such an expansion? And because you highlighted that OEMs have done well. 
So assuming that, that would be margin dilutive at gross level. So what has happened over there? 
And can you also comment on the antimony prices where it is? And how do you expect it to 
trend in the coming quarters? 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes. For Antimony prices, we have seen at least about 10% reduction from where they were 
earlier. That definitely has helped us. And in this quarter, we also had some level of cheaper lead 
inventory with us that also kind of helped us. And in the aftermarket, the product mix was a little 
favorable to us. 
 
That's where there is that gross margin improvement that you would have seen compared to the 
previous quarter, you would have observed a 2%, 2.5% improvement in the material cost side 
of it. That is also to do with the amount of trading batteries reduction compared to the previous 
periods because we have extinguished the tubular inventory of trading batteries. That is also a 
reason why there is an improvement in the gross margin. 
Rishi Vora: 
So next quarter, we should see some inflation on account of higher lead procurement cost? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, yes, yes. That's what earlier also somebody asked in the call if we have taken a pricing 
correction. But right now, we are seeing that a bit of an elevation in the lead, but we will see 
those cost trends for some more time and then see there is any reason to intervene in the market 
with the prices. 
Rishi Vora: 
Understood. And sir, just a clarification on EPR. This INR30 crores impact which you talked 
about, is this pertaining to previous quarter? And can you just give us how does it work like the 
EPR implication as in do we need to -- like how much we are procuring it from outside and how 
much we are internally doing it? Any color on that? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
So as I mentioned, of 90% of collections that we need to do, we actually do about 75% to 80%, 
the overall shortfall could be anywhere around 10%, which I think we should be able to ramp 
up the collection. But considering wherever there is a shortfall, we need to buy the EPR, the 
provisioning demands that if we continue with our earlier trend, then we need to see what is the 
shortfall and then create a provision for that shortfall. 
 
Again, from a cost of EPR point of view in the future, it may increase. So we have to estimate 
what could be the possible cost of EPRs for the future. And then accordingly, whatever the 
expected shortfall in the collection that we need to provide for. But if we are able to improve the 
collection in the coming quarters, again, this provision can be written back to the books. 
Rishi Vora: 
And by collection, you mean sourcing it internally, is it? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Correct. Sourcing the scrap from the channel directly and getting it reprocessed. So if we can 
improve because generally, we need to collect whatever batteries that we have sold  in the last 3 
years,  during the current year. 
Rishi Vora: 
Understood. Understood, sir. And just lastly, I don't know whether it was shared or not, but any 
timeline on when we are -- when we'll be commencing our Gigafactory? It is the commercial 
production? Any indicative timeline which you have shared? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes. We have shared saying that we will be doing it sometime in H1 of calendar year '27. 
Rishi Vora: 
So that still remains unchanged? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Joseph George from IIFL Capital. 
Joseph George: 
I have a couple of questions. One is you mentioned that the aftermarket segment was disrupted 
because of the whole GST transition. What I want to understand was before the GST cut 
announcement, were the sales trending at the same level in terms of growth as you were seeing 
in the preceding quarters, mid- to high single-digit kind of a growth? And only after the GST 
cut announcement, the sales was disrupted? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
No, it is more to do with the stocking patterns of the retailers because nobody wants to have 
particularly those retailers who are on composition scheme or out of the GST net, they would 
like to keep the minimum stock because the MRP will be with the 28% GST. And that's the 
reason there is a tendency at the retailer level to minimize their stock so that they will not be 
burdened. 
 
So if I leave that aberration that has happened towards the second part of September, we have 
seen, a reasonable growth in the aftermarket side, like you said, from the mid-single digits to 
high single digits. 
Joseph George: 
Understood, sir. Sir, the second question that I had was in relation to the tubular plant. You 
mentioned that commercial production has started. Just want to understand, in this quarter, were 
there any revenues from the tubular plant? And I mean, irrespective of whether the answer is yes 
or no, should we expect a full ramp-up starting with the third quarter? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes. As I mentioned, the overall the tubular revenues from next quarter onwards will be only 
from our manufacturing business. 
Swajitha Rapeti: 
Yes. I think the capacity from this quarter, will be ramped up. So the earlier quarter, there were 
some manufacturing revenue, but the full capacity revenue will come up from the third quarter. 
Moderator: 
Our next follow-up question comes from the line of Vaishnavi Gurung from Craving Alpha 
Wealth Fund. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
My question is on the demand side. Like how are we seeing the demand from our OEMs post 
the GST and how sustainable do you think this is? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See the -- during the period of the rate cut announcement, there was definitely a higher demand 
that has come up. But again, I think right now, it has come back to the original levels what we 
have seen in the Q1 of this financial year. I don't have immediately a number to tell you what is 
the growth rate, but we believe it has come down to the earlier quarter 1 levels, but the growth 
momentum what we have seen in Q2 may not sustain in Q3, but we will still see some growth 
numbers in Q3, but it may not be to the order of what we have done in Q2. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
Okay. Sir, one last question from my side is on the New Energy business, which was currently 
contributing approximately 4%. So given our current expansion and capacity expansion that we 
are taking on the new energy business, how do we see the contribution going ahead? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
See the revenue from New Energy has to be seen in 2 separate baskets. One is the packs  and 
chargers  revenue. The other is the cell revenue. Cell revenue obviously will take some time 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 12 of 13 
 
before we start the commencement of the commercial production. We expect that we should 
actually move to a 5% kind of overall revenue share for the New Energy by end of this financial 
year. Maybe next year we have plan to go as what we are thinking right now, to at least move to 
a 7% to 8% kind of a number. 
Vaishnavi Gurung: 
Sorry, sir, I missed 7% to 8% for this year? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
For the next year, for FY '27. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Meet who is an individual investor. 
Meet: 
Am I audible and loud and clear? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes, we can hear you. 
Meet: 
Sir, I want to know that since 2015, we were not able to create substantial wealth for the investor. 
So because of the low sales growth percentage, either you can say the top line and the bottom 
line. So I want to know that are you willing to just focus on single-digit sales growth only 
throughout the years? Or what is the management reason to improve this at least for 15% or 
20%, let's say, higher double-digit growth so that your investor can be beneficial. And this is 
one thing. 
 
And as we came to know that now the government focus is also mainly on the electrical 2-
wheelers, 4-wheelers and all the electrical-related equipment, either it is a battery storage system 
or transportation of electricity from one place to another. So everywhere the battery segment is 
going to be utilized. So why don't we mainly focus on to expand it is better not to focus to extend 
our facility, but it will be good if we market ourselves in such a way that our revenue can be 
increased. So how we are planning to improve this thing? 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Yes. On your second part of the question basically, we are getting into the new energy business 
and doing the 2-wheeler and 3-wheeler pack revenue already. If you remember, last year, we 
clocked a revenue of INR500 crores on the New Energy business. And even in this quarter, the 
New Energy revenues have grown substantially over the previous year. And we are already 
having the lithium battery packs sales both for 3-wheeler and 2-wheeler applications, along with 
storage applications like telecom. 
 
Now as far as emerging segments that you have alluded to in terms of energy storage systems, 
battery energy storage systems (BESS), we are currently working on those products. And we 
will be coming to the market with those solutions, both at the grid level as well as at the C&I 
level and also at the home level. So there is an effort going on to even develop the home lithium 
solution as well. 
 
So considering the lead acid industry, the way it is growing and in the last 10 years, our revenues 
have grown on a CAGR of close to 12% to 13%. Of late, considering the large base and also 
India being a 2- or 3-player market, there is a growth that we are actually doing beyond the 
industry growth rate as well. Our market shares across all products have been continuously 
improving. 

 
 
Amara Raja Energy & Mobility Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 13 of 13 
 
 
And we will continue to deploy more amount of resources to enhance our international business. 
If you look at current quarter, our international revenues are almost 14% of our total revenues. 
So there is a very clear effort to do the lead acid battery business with a higher efficiency and 
also achieve growth rates in lead acid business by focusing on markets where we can deepen our 
presence or broaden our presence. 
 
At the same time, we are investing decent amount of money behind the new energy business 
where we are trying to increase our pack revenue. At the same time, invest into cell capability 
because we are not simply trying to remain as a pack maker. 
 
We want to develop the capabilities to develop any cells that are required by the Indian market, 
which is why we are investing behind the capability development. So in the long term, the 
company looking at a good growth both in the lead acid as well as the lithium batteries. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will be taking that as our last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Y. Delli Babu: 
Thanks for your time, everyone, and see you next time. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of IIFL Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
