,o
SUPREME PETROCHEM tTD
Regd. Office :
solitaire corporate Park, Building No. 11,5th Floor, 167, Guru Hargovindji Marg,
Andheri-Ghatkopar Link Road, Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai-400 093 lNDlA
@ :91-22-6709 1900 Fax -022-4005 5681 ' CIN:123200MH1989P1C054633
Website :www.supremepetrochem.com r Email : corporate@spl co in
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Catt of Supreme Petrochem Ltd ('The Company')
Ref: Regutation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing Obtigations &
Disclosure Requirements) Regutations, 201 5 ('Listing Regutations')
Ptease refer our l,etter dated October 20,2025, wherein we had informed you that Earnings
Conference CaLL with investors of the Company wil't be hel'd on Tuesday, October 28' 20251o
discuss Q2 & H1-FY26 earnings'
ptease note that the said confcrcncc catl as schedul,ed was hetd at 04:0(] PM (lST) on October
28,2025.1n this regard, pursuant to Regul,ation 30 of Listing Regul'ations, ptease find attached
Transcript of the caLtwith investors of the Company'
This is for your information and record
Thanking you
Yours faithful.l,Y,
For SUPREM
M LTD
D.
rsH
ASST. VICE PRESIDENT (LEGAL)
& COMPANY SECRETARY
Ref : C FA/CS/86/AGM-3 6 I 2025-2026
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
1st Ftoor, DalaI Street,
Mumbai- 400 001
Script Code - 500405
October 31,2025
National, Stock Exchange of lndia Ltd
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurta Comptex
Bandra East,
Mumbai- 400 051
Scrip Code - SPLPETRO
AEO
qnftq
INDIAN
ffet go
CUSTOMS
BUREAU VERITAS
1SO45001:2018
Cenilication
U KAS
Certifi cate No. lNAAACS7249C3F258
DEOKI 
NANDAN 
MISHRA
Digitally signed by 
DEOKI NANDAN 
MISHRA 
Date: 2025.10.31 
16:49:19 +05'30'

,o
Supreme Petrochem Limited
Q2 and HL FY'26 Earnings Conference Call
October 28,2025
Moderator:
Purvangi Jain
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Supreme Petrochem Limited Q2 and H1-
FY'26 Earnings Conference Call.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded'
I now hand the conference over to Mrs. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and
over to you, ma'am.
We represent the investor relations of Supreme Petrochem Limited. On behalf of the
company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's Earnings call for the
2nd Quarter and First Half of the Financial Year 2026.
Before we begin, let me mention a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements
made in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ
from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as
assumptions made by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any
investment decisions. The purpose of today's Earnings Conference Call is purely to educate
and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial performance
for the quarter under review.
Now let me introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call.
We have with us Mr. Rakesh Nayyar - Executive Director and CFO, Mr. Dilip Deole - Chief
Executive of Finance and Accounts, and Mr. D, N' Mishra - Company Secretary'
Without any delay, I request Mr. Rakesh Nayyar to start with his opening remarks. Thank you
and over to you, sir.
Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon, everyone. lt is a pleasure to welcome you to the
Earnings Conference Call for the 2nd Quarter and First Half of the Financial Year 2026'
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page 1 of 15

$
Moderator:
Aditya Khetan:
Let me start by giving you a brief overview of the financial performance for the quarter
30th September 2025:
On a standalone basis
The operating income for the 2nd Quarter is Rs. 1-,100 crores as against Rs. 1,500 crores in the
previous year. Reduction in the top line is mainly due to lower raw material prices, which
during the previous quarter prevailed in the range of sSso to 59s0, as against s1,150 in the
corresponding quarter in the previous year. The total EBITDA including the income stood at
Rs. 86 crores and net profit after tax is Rs. 48 crores.
For the first half of the financial year 2026, the operating income is Rs. 2,487 crores. The total
EBITDA is Rs. 216 crores with a total EBITDA margin of 8.69%. The net profit after tax stood at
Rs. 129 crores. Company sales volumes of manufacturing products stood at 76,962 Tons and
for the first half stood at L70,826 metric tons as compared to I74,813 metric tons in the
corresponding period of the previous year.
The volumes and margins were impacted due to extended monsoon leading to lower demand
for cooling devices such as air conditioners and refrigerators, deferment of purchases due to
advance intimation of GST rate reduction, subdued economic activity across major
economies, and change in trade flows due to trade barriers in the form of tariffs imposed by
the USA, ancl clecline in styrene mnnomer prices with cUrfent prlces at atrout S800 pcr rlletlic
tons down from around S9+O per metric ton at the end of June 2025. This led to the
destocking by the processors.
On a positive note, I am happy to share that ABS plant, in technical collaboration with Messrs.
Versalis, with a capacity of 70,000 metric tons per annum, has commenced production. The
integration of Xmold Polymers is progressing as planned. Companycontinues to remain debt-
free and all capital expenditure is funded through internal accruals, As of 30 September 2025,
we have maintained an investible surplus of Rs,522 crores, The board has recommended
interimdividend@L25%thatisRs.2,50perequityshareoffacevalueof 
Rs 2each'
With this, I conclude now and open the floor for question and answer session'
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question
is from the line of Aditya Khetan from sMlFs lnstitutional Equities. Please go ahead.
yes, thank you, sir, for the opportunity and happy Diwali to you and your team, sir. sir, just a
couple of questions. Sir, first on the volume side, I missed your initial remarks. Have you
mentioned what was the reason for a big dip in volume? Apart from the GST cut and all those
reasons, is there anything structural change in demand you have seen and you feel like this
would pick up in the coming quarter? Any commentaries on this side?
Page 2 of 15

Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan:
Rakesh Nayyar:
6n)
As lexplained, the demand is low because of the extended monsoons which led,",n. OSZ
sale of cooling devices like air conditioners and refrigerators, leading to the lower lifting by
the OEMs and air conditioning manufacturers, Secondly, there is a trade flow change in the
the tariffs put by USA. The supply flow has changed. The countries where we were exporting,
there other nations are competing since they are unable to export to USA or processed goods
are not going to USA. Everybody is in the global market to sell their material, There is a
competition there as well. Also the processors generally avoid stocking material when there is
a continuous fall in the raw material prices, This fall in the styrene monomer prices led to
some amount of destocking by the processors'
So, sir, this lower styrene prices, has this been fully reflected in this quarter or we could see
further weakening of realizations because it is a pass-on. So, next quarter also, we could see
muted realization?
The styrene monomer is a global event. India does not produce a single kilogram of styrene
monomer. The global events impact styrene monomer, the global demand supply, crude
prices, everything is going to determine the price of styrene. As of now, styrene is ruling for
the last two weeks at about US$ 800. lf this level continues, so maybe starting from
December onwards, it will be a normalthing then.
okay. Sir, on the ABS side, as we have started the phase one, sir, is there any change on the
guidarrcel lthink earlier we have stated so 20,000 ton5,25,00Oton5, we would be doing by
this fiscal, And any thoughts on second phase? Are we planning to complete that by FY'27?
The second phase will complete by FY'28. So far it remains the same. There is no change in
that. And as far as the ABS is concerned, because that was based on the earlier completion
date of June. But now the plant got delayed. And the product trials are going on with the
processors, the testing is going on with various processors. So, the guidance would change. I
think it should be closer to maybe 15,000 tons or so in this year.
Got it. Sir, there are lower volumes in this quarter. I understand you have mentioned like it is
a monsoon period. So, there are high chances so that it could be recouped in the next
quarter. Again, we could be back to that for 95, 000 to L lakh to volume current rate.
The 3rd Quarter is always a weak quarter, post-Diwali, post-festival. so, the 3rd Quarter starts
picking up only towards the end of November or December only. And the 4th Quarter is
always the best quarter that way. lf from December to March in those four months, the
demand is good from the OEMS, yes, we should be able to recover.
Got it sir. Thank you. I willcome back in the queue
Aditya Khetan
Page3of15

Moderator:
Nirav Jimudia
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimudia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimudia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
d\,^
([set]
Thank you, The next question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil wealth, o,.rrF z
a he ad.
Yes, sir. GOod afternoon and festival wishes to the entire team ofSupreme Petro. Sir, I have a
few questions to ask, So, the first is on the styrene part. As we see that Chinese have become
more self-sufficient in their styrene capacities as against their earlier reliance on imported
styrene. Has this led to the start-up of additional capacities for PS and ABS in China? And that
is why we are seeing some compression in the spreads or is it a general demand issue
globally? Also, add to it like the other benzene value chains have not been doing well, like
Apro or Phenol or the rest of the products. So, has styrene, with the styrene being more of a
stable commodity over the last so many quarters, does those additional capacities have put
pressure on starting up the further capacities of PS and ABS in China? Yourthoughts here, sir.
China has become self-sufficient in styrene monomer. They have put up large capacities,
rather 2 million tons of additional styrene capacity is coming up very shortly. And with this 2
million tons, China would be close to 100% self-sufficient for styrene monomer. But they also
have large downstream capacities, which they have implemented for polystyrene and ABS'
But then more than the export of the polymers, they are actually in the export of the
processed goods. And with the trade barriers, they are unable to export the processed goods.
And currently, as we are told China is running all their polymer plants at 50% to 60% capacity
utilizations. With the large buildup of capacities in China, there is always a threat of imports
coming in it they are unable to utllrze lt for the processed goods, and they could be aggtessive
in exports. That threat remains.
Got it, sir. Got it. Very helpful. The second is on the Xmold part. Like last time you mentioned
that the capacity is close to around L5,000 tons, which with 5,000 tons they expanded it, I
think e4 of FY'24. So, if you can share what is the status there in terms of the utilization for
first half A and B are they also doing some expansions over and above those 15,000 tons?
Currently we are not doing any expansion above 15,000. Right now, we are only setting up all
their systems because they were a small company. We want to bring them in line with our
processes. They never had an ERP and we just finished installing an ERP SAP system there
also, And we are changing the product mix there. Therefore, it is still work in progress. lt will
take another four to five months before we can say, they are in line with our thought process.
okay. Got it. And sir, any numbers on the utilization part you can share? ls it possible?
As far as capacity utilization is concerned in the first half of the year, we have operated at
almost close to 79%. ln the last quarter, our capacity utilization was low. We were close to
72% or so only.
Page4of15

Nirav Jimudia
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimudia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimudia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jimudia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Moderator:
Sailesh Raja:
Rakesh Nayyar:
6il
Got it. Sir, next question is, we have seen the volumes falling in 2nd Quarter u,r-u-u,rNZ
quarter last year. So, was this predominantly the fall in volumes for polystyrene or also the
EPS volumes were also impacted?
No, it is all the volume because even EPS goes into the packaging of the durables, And with
the extended monsoons, even in the construction, the activity has been slow. And as far as
the fish boxes are concerned, where EPS is used extensively, there also the demand has come
down. So, the volumes are impacted both in PS and EPS.
Got it, sir. And sir, last question is, since you mentioned in your opening remarks that there is
a fall in the styrene prices, was there an element of inventory losses in Q2 A? And if you also
can share the trading sales for 2nd Quarter? Thank you so much'
when the prices fall, that is bound to happen. But then it is a dynamic thing where the
materials keep coming and moving out regularly. To quantify the numbers, it is a long
exercise and we have not, to put an exact number on the inventory loss is very difficult. But
yes, some kind of an impact is there.
Okay. And sir, ifyou can share the trading sales for 2nd Quarter
Total number trading would be closer to 22%.
Got it. Thank you so much and wish you all the best.
Thank you.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sailesh Raja from B&K Securities. Please go
ahead.
Thank you, sir. My first question, in August 2025, Europe, they have imposed provisional anti-
dumping duty on ABS originating from South Korea and Taiwan, which together it accounted
for around 2.2 lakh tons annually. So, this volume is expected to redirect it to Middle East or
any other Asian market. Do you see any impact, do you see any changes in demand and
supply scenario in lndia, sir? Can you please talk about that?
ln lndia, already sufficient imports are coming because the demand in lndia was close to
300,000 tons and in the FY'25, the imports were close to 160,000 tons. And currently also
the, in the first half of the year, we see thatthe imports have been almost in the, in line with
what was imported last year. There is no additional imports or as what you are saying
because of the anti-dumping duty imposed on the Korea by Europe, we do not see that
impacting any additional imports coming into lndia.
J
Page5of15

Sailesh Raja:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Sailesh Raja:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Sailesh Raja
Rakesh Nayyar:
Z\
(serl)
Okay. Sir, can you please give the split between, within the ABS imports, the general Or;NZ
ABS and special grade, what is the mix? Can you please share it?
No, I am sorry, I do not have any breakup of general purpose or, but generally the ABS comes
in mainly either for molding or for extrusion purposes. They are different grades for molding
and within that just specific applications they have different grades, but then I do not have a
breakup of that.
so, where we will be targeting, sir, general purpose or specific grades like ABS, we have a lot
of.......
We are in both, we will be in both in molding as well as in extrusion and our grades would be
more specific to the applications. For which application, which grade will go. So, once all the
grades are in the market and once the trial or the testing has been done by the processors
and the OEMs and molders, then, you know, we will be able to give the full slate in the
market then,
okay. sir, on the compound side, currently we are producing around 18,000 to 19,000 tons
annually and we are planning to expand capacity to 75,000 tons and Xmold also, we have
around 15,000 tons of capacity and with this R&D capability of Xmold, so, how much do you
think it will accelerate us to ramp up our Supreme Petro capacity of around 75,000 tons?
noes that lah really help us ln expandlng the, our cuttrpuutttls tapacity or do you think it i5
completely different? Could you please talk aboutthat? And also, we attended the exhibition
recently and one of the players, Sudarshan Polymers and Compounds, they indicated that,
EBITDA margin in this business is 13% and which could decline to 9% in two, three years
because lot of players are adding capacity, particularly players like Kingfa they are coming out
with significant capacity. So, how we are going to address that, what is our plan to reduce
this? Could you please talk about that?
75,000 tons is what we have planned, which will be increased in stages and currently we have
installed 20,000 tons for ABS compounding and that has just now become operational and as
far as the margins are concerned, it actually depends upon what kind of a compound you are
making, which niche area you are there. So, to generalize that it will be 9% or !3%, it is very
difficult because there are compounds where the margins are as high as L5% or 20% or
maybe more even. So, to average it out is one thing but then again, the margins depend more
in compounding business on what niche you are in and what kind of compounds you are
doing and what recipes you have developed. so, lwould not comment on the margins part
that what would be the margins eventually because I know that the margins can always be
better than even 9% and 13%.
But whatever Kingfa is making, those grades are available with us?
Sailesh Raja:
Page6of15

I am not aware of what they are making because they are into many things and -^r, $
in some niche areas, where they may not be there.
Rakesh Nayyar:
Sailesh Raja
Rakesh Nayyar:
Sailesh Raja
Rakesh Nayyar:
Sailesh Raja
Okay. As Mr. Nirav mentioned that in China, they are adding a lot of capacity downstream
products, particularly this polystyrene EPS and compounds also we are seeing domestic lot of
expansion is happening and EPS particularly, there is one company EPAC, they are also adding
capacity in EPS around 50,000 tons. so, given these developments, how do you see the
overall demand and supply evolving for the entire styrene chain over the next two, three
years? Do you anticipate margin pressures here or we can with the different grades, we could
be able to still perform better? So, if you see, basically, where I am coming from this question
is if you see excluding the Haryana plant, do you still expect to achieve 6.5 lakh tons of
volume, including 1.4 lakh tons of EPS and we do Rs, 15 per kg of EBITDA that is Rs. 1000
crores in the normalized market scenario or do you see a risk to this assumption?
As far as China is concerned, they are not expanding any, we have not heard of any more
expansions or any new capacities of EPS coming in. Even last two years, we have not heard
any new EPS capacity coming up in China. All EPS capacities were set up many years back and
they are currently operating those capacities at 50% to 60% only and historically in the last
few years also they have been operating at those levels only. The smaller or unviable plants
there may get mothballed, that is a different story, but then currently, we have not heard of
any new capacities coming up. As far as lndia is concerned, again, we are not aware of any
expansion of EPS capacrty happening in lndla apart from whatever ltas beerr irr tlre pipelirte,
There is only one small player I know who is expanding or who is actually setting up, others
we have not heard. And ln lndia, there is an excess capacity of EPS today. Because of that, the
margins here have got squeezed. But as is the nature, over the years, somebody will sell out,
somebody will shut down. So, currently, the margins will remain under pressure because of
the competition in lndia. There are no imports of EPS, hardly any imports come as far as EPS
is concerned.
Okay. Sir, by Q4, do you expect our state to be normalized?
Unless otherwise, the geo-economic situation changes, it is very difficult to say when.
Because until China's exports of processed goods start to USA and the utilization of
polystyrene or EPS or ABS capacities of the other Asian countries gets normalized it is very
difficult to predict when it will get normalized. But we expect that by the last quarter of the
current financial year, it should stabilize. Last quarter is busy season in lndia also, and styrene
prices and crude prices would have also been stabilized by then.
So, how much volume we are targeting for this year?
With this kind of situation globally, what happens is difficult to say. But suffice to say that we
will be doing certainly better than last year. But by what percentage, with the decline in the
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page7of15

Z\
Iser])
volumes in the last quarter, very difficult to predict. Even in the month of October, *" O"N Z
see any major improvement in volumes, OEM lifting in lndia is also slow.
Sailesh Raja
Okay, sir, Thank you, sir
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipul Kumar shah from sumangal
lnvestments. Please go ahead.
Vipul Kumar Shah:
Hi, sir. So, sir, I missed your opening remarks. So, what are the styrene prices now and what
they were same period last year?
Rakesh Nayyar:
Currently, the styrene prices are around 5800 per ton. The last year around this time, the
styrene prices were close to S1100.
Vipul Kumar Shah:
And what was the same last quarter, sir?
Rakesh Nayyar:
End June, the prices were 5940.
Vipul Kumar Shah
And sir, for the second line of ABS, what will be the cAPEX and what will be the capacity of
that line?
Rakesh Nayyar:
That line will be of 70,000 tons and the CAPEX would be around Rs. 300 crores.
Vipul Kumar Shah:
Rs. 300 crores. So, in view of our reduced cash generation, will we allow to resort to the
borrowings to fund that CAPEX?
Rakesh Nayyar:
No. ln my opening remark itself, I have said that we will be meeting all our GAPEX from
internal accruals.
Vipul Kumar Shah:
Okay, sir. Thank you very much.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from lkigai Asset. Please go
ahead.
Rahul Agarwal:
Yes, thank you so much. Good evening, sir. Best wishes to you. sir, one question and then a
couple of clarifications. Firstly, you shared your view on what is really happening on the
downstream side for China. And because they are running at lower utilization, because
processed goods are not able to get exported to US that has to be seen from a PS
perspective. Could you similarly delve a bit deeper onto the ABS side of this? Do we see a lot
of ABS imports from China as well? Because my sense is it is more Taiwan and Korea who
import into lndia. But purely from a pricing perspective on ABS and incremental ramp up of
your phase one, how do you look at business going forward for ABS for the industry overall
and then specifically for Supreme Petro?
Moderator:
Page B of 15

Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
6il
95% of ABS imports are currently happening only from Taiwan, Korea and Thailand aNZ
exports of ABS are not there at all. At the moment, it is not there. Since large capacities are
getting built in China, going forward the threat remains.
So they are essentially building up ABS capacities is whatyou mentioned?
They are currently building some ABS capacities, but that is all meant for their own use for
the processed goods, because they import also ABS, But then if they are not able to export
the processed goods, which eventually I am sure they will be doing it But if they are unable
to do it, then yes, the threat remains'
Got it. Fair point.
China has built large capacities of all polymers. lt is just not the ABS or EPS, but they have
built large capacities for all polymers so that if they are not processing it, then that threat will
continue to remain.
Just to put on a number here, my sense was 12 million tons of global ABS and PS capacity
each of them and about 4 million tons for China. ls that correct? Are these numbers correct?
4 million tons of what you said?
ABS capacity in China
ABS capacity in China is currently close to 9 million tons. The global installed capacity of ABS is
around 17 million tons, of which around 9 million is in China, 8 million tons is the rest of
world capacity and of which the current demand of ABS is close to L1 million/11.5 million
tons only. And China currently imports close to a million tons of ABS.
Got it. And similar thing for polystyrene. I mean, how much would that be for China capacity
right now and the world caPacitY?
The world capacity of polystyrene is again close to 12 million tons. And China has around 4.5
million tons or there about.
Got it, sir. And a couple of clarifications, you said the phase two for the ABS plant starts in
fiscal'28. That basically means production starts somewhere end of 2028 and then we see
sales in fiscal'29. ls that what you mentioned?
we are saying that by FY'28, the second line would be ready. And with the product already in
the market it should not take long to be fully operational then.
Right. So it should like it should see some revenues into fiscal'28 itself is what you meant.
Rah
Page9of15

,9,
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal;
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Rahul Agarwal
Rakesh Nayyar:
Moderator:
Prateek Singhania
Some yes. Otherwise in 2029 fully it would be there
Got it. And similar question on the trading sales, when you mentioned 22%,lhat2z% is of the
total top line, is it?
Of the top line
Okay. So when you give the volume number in the presentation, which is manufactured
volume that does not include any trading volume, right?
That does not include a ny trading volume
okay. And for the 70,000 tons of phase one ABs, which you have done, which I think also
costed about Rs. 300 crores, Rs. 350 crores. What would be the peak revenue or a peak
EBITDA number, like three, four years out at 100% utilization? Basically, lam trying to
calculate the return on capital. So just wanted to understand.
The investment in that project is not Rs.300 crores. lnvestment in the line one, with
infrastructure and utilities for both the lines is around Rs.600 crores. And the asset turnover
ratio of both the lines put together would be two.
Okay. And what kind of EBITDA should we assume here, like percentage or ton wise or
whatever?
Right now I cannot give but the global spreads that you calculate and based on that one can
work out. Once our product is fully in the market and our plant is fully running, then real
EBITDA numbers would be known to us.
All right. I get that. Thank you so much, And best wishes.
Thank you.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Singhania from Sage One
lnvestments, Please go ahead.
Hi, sir. So, taking forward the previous participant question, so majority of the capacity, like
you said, in Korea, Thailand, lndonesia, have been set up keeping China in mind, because this
capacity is far more access in comparison to their local demand, Now, with China coming up
with their own capacity of ABS lines of import coming down, do you think that this import
pressure from Korea, Thailand, and lndonesia, Thailand, this will remain static for lndia as a
whole, and this could eventually lead to a lower normalized spread for ABS?
Page 10 of 15

Rakesh Nayyar:
Prateek Singhania
Rakesh Nayyar:
Prateek Singhania
Rakesh Nayyar:
Prateek Singhania
Rakesh Nayyar:
Prateek Singhania:
Rakesh Nayyar:
7\,^
([ set'f)
They have capacities. china has set up, they were already exporting to some o,nur,o.ur.Nz
or to the USA. And the trade barriers are there, but once these trade barriers are out, those
pressures will also not be there. But as far as Korea is concerned, or Thailand is concerned,
their imports have not increased into lndia despite the trade barriers being in place for the
last couple of months. So I do not see that as far as ABS is concerned, there will be any major
impact.
Okay. So then, so basically, then this reduction of this spread is predominantly with respect to
the fall in the styrene prices rather than majorly coming from the import pressure of the
volumes coming into lndia. ls that correct to assume?
The pressure, the styrene is not the concern. The concern here is the import ofABS. And ABS
still was 160,000 tons. And till the first six months also, it is in line with the lastyear's imports.
Okay
There is no extra imports which have come in and the local players have also sold their
qua ntiti es.
Got it. And how is the booking market with respect to the importers booking, like any two,
three months trend that we have with respect to further imports, how it would increase or
like it is the same?
That nobody can know which trader is importing or which trader is placed an order. That is
not in the marketplace and one cannot get that information.
Okay. And sir with respect to pricing your product, will it be safe to assume that your product
will be priced a 3%,4% discount to your competition since we want to increase our market
share now? And secondly, with respect to your engagement with the processors, how has
been the acceptance from the processor side with respect to value flow index and
characteristic and uniformity of your product getting into the mold? Any feedback from
them?
As far as the pricing is concerned, it is a market strategy. Whatever our market team feels
good to penetrate into the market, we will take the decisions based on that at the right time.
And as far as the feedbacks are concerned, we are receiving some feedbacks and we will be
accordingly making those changes to meet the market expectations.
Prateek Singhania:
Okay. And you will be also selling the colored?
For each application, every processor has their own requirements. So we have to fit in their
requirements into our grades. We are working on that.
Ra
Page11of15

Prateek Singhania:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Prateek Singhania:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Prateek Singhania
Moderator:
Amit Agicha:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Amit Agicha
Rakesh Nayyar:
Amit Agicha
Rakesh Nayyar:
Amit Agicha:
Rakesh Nayyar:
d\,.
([ serl)
Okay. And typically, what is the product timeline to get it approved from the OEM? B..N Z
obviously, the product is processed at the processor level, but it has to get approved by the
OEM. So a typical timeline, say if you want to get into any automobile or household consumer
durable goods, the OEM product approval, ST approval timeline would be?
I would say anything between three to six months.
okay. And you will be selling the colored as well, right? The colored ABS apart from the
natural grade and the white grade?
Yes, we will be selling colored. we will be selling compounds of ABS and the natural ABS as
well.
Sure. Okay sir. Thank you so much
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa and company.
Please go ahead.
Sir, is it true that our CAPEX cost is one ofthe lowest for any new plant that has been put up?
And would this be comparable to someone putting up a plant in China also? This is for the
ABS plant.
I would not comment on that, Amit, I would not be able to comment on that'
Second question is, sir, are we facing any kind of competition from honeycomb industry,
particularly in our thermocol products?
From which industry, you said?
Honeycomb industry, which is made from paper?
No. We have not seen any competition from there so far
Okay. And, sir, one more thing is that our place, as well as Panipat, sorry, North lndia,
Haryana plant is concerned. when willwe be able to come into production there?
We have gone there because of the styrene monomer availability from lOC, which IOC had
announced. But IOC's plans to set up their styrene plant has also got delayed. That is what we
understand from the market. And earlier they were talking of bv 2027 I 2028. Now we gather
it is by 2029. So, we are not putting in our money there at the moment till their plans are very
firmed up and we know that yes, their styrene would be available to us'
Okay. Thank you very much, sir
Amit Agicha:
Page 12of 15

Moderator:
Vipul Kumar Shah:
Rakesh Nayyar:
6i)
Thank you. The next question is from the line of shreya Bhantia from oakland aNZ
Management, LLP. Please go ahead. As there is no response, we will go ahead and invite the
next participant, The next question is from the line of Vipul Kumar Shah from Sumangal
lnvestments, Please go ahead.
sir, regarding this ABS line, so we will be selling downstream products or we will be selling to
the processors? We will not
We will be selling to the processors.
Vipul Kumar Shah:
We will not do any downstream products, right?
Rakesh Nayyar:
we will be only doing compounding of ABS and otherwise we will be selling ABS.
Vipul Kumar Shah:
Okay, sir. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS lnstitutional
Equities. Please go ahead.
Aditya Khetan:
Thank you, sir, for the follow-up. sir, you had mentioned that ABS imports are quite sticky
Around 1.6 lakh tons we could conclude for this fiscal also. So, sir, if this is the argument,
then/ sir, the domestic capacity addition done by you and other players because the demand
is, sir, so that is around 3.5 lakh tons only and if we exclude 1.6 lakh tons again, so we could
be sitting at 2 lakh tons again demand. 5o, how come the domestic players would be selling
their inventory?
Rakesh Nayyar:
see, till now, Aditya, our product was not in the market. lsaid that first six months the
imports which have come, they are in line with the last year's exports. But by then, our
material was not in the market. Once our material is tested, tried by the processors and
approved by the OEMs, then automatically those imports will go down'
Aditya Khetan
Okay. Any differentiation, sir, you can highlight, like, so better quality or what is superior, like,
compared to imports which are coming in?
Rakesh Nayyar:
All the emulsion-grade ABS, they are yellowish color, they are like dark creamish color,
whereas we are a white color ABS and the, with that your pigments, coloring, all that is
reduced. Our consistency is better because it is all reactor produced material, lt is not batch
processes. So, there is a consistency in the material there. This is the advantage' Then, as far
as the odor is concerned, there is zero order in it as compared to the emulsion-grade' Then,
the thermal stability is very high, There is a high thermal stability in mass ABS, whereas
emulsion has generally the moderate thermal stability.
Page 13 of '15

Aditya Khetan
6D)
okay. And, sir, this asset turnover of two times, like earlier, sir, so we were investing -;N 
z
crore in ABS and expecting a Rs. 2000 crore sort of a top line. Some two years back, we had
given this number. Now, sir that has been reduced to 1800. So, this is because of the lower
prices, current prices are iower, that you have factored in.
Rakesh Nayyar:
I said twice. So, Rs. 600 crores and Rs. 300 / Rs. 350 crores for the second line, So, this will
come to the same number. But with styrene price going down and the top line coming down,
they are all a matter of, you know, calculation. But otherwise, the asset turnover would be
more or less, remains at two onlY.
Aditya Khetan
Got it, got it. And, sir, just to clarify the point on special compound polymer, sir, our current
capacity installed, that is around 60k tons. ls this the right figure, sir?
Rakesh Nayyar:
No, That is not the right figure. Right figure would be, we are currently at, effective by June,
around 50,000 tons.
Aditya Khetan:
50,000 tons, okay. so, 15 from Xmold, 25 earlier we had, and 20,000, sir, we had expanded
just now.
Rakesh Nayyar:
No. lwill tell you, 25 plus 20 and 15. 60,000 including Xmold. You are right. 60,000 with
Xmold
Aditya Khetan
Okay. Got it. Correct. Got it, sir. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Singhania, from Sage One
lnvestments. Please go ahead.
Prateek Singhania:
sir, thanks for the follow-up. so, with respect to the GAPEX that this industry is putting,
almost like Rs. l-,500 crores to Rs. 1,600 crores in ABS has been put by the industry after such
a long time in the ABS in lndia. So, any protection that you may seek from the government
with respect to anti-dumping duty on any, like if any country is like doing a spoiled port with
respect to dumping ABS in lndia, anything, because loss of profit is also one of the criteria
which can be used upon for this anti-dumping duty. so, anything which is expected or you
might like anticipate a scenario in, say, next 12 months or so, that would be required.
Rakesh Nayyar:
pratik ji, we are just getting into this, so, the anti-dumping application or anything which has
to be made for safeguard or any protection, that has to be initiated by the existing players
because I would not have the data to support this request if I go to the government today
because we are just entering. I do not have any historical data, Even the current data is not
sufficient. So, I will not be the right person to answer this question. But yes, if the existing
players make this move, we are there to support'
Page 14 o'f 15

Prateek Singhania:
Rakesh Nayyar:
d\,.
([ setl)
sure. Great. And second question, sir, with respectto this china adding so tu.n.r*.Fz
normally Chinese wants to be the lowest cost producer of any goods over the world. And
since the technology which you have adopted makes you with respect to the lowest cost
producer with respect to ABS, So, what'is your view with respect to China not preferring your
route of manufacturing ABS versus they going for a continuous process-based process for
settlng such a big expanded capacity that they have done in last two, two and a halfyears?
Your view?
China is also going in for mass ABS in China, Versalis only has set up a plant for 450,000 tons'
They are already in Mas ABS. Then there are other plants also there. lthink close to almost a
million tons of mass ABS plants are operational or in the pipeline now there'
Prateek Singhania
Okay. One million tons is in the pipeline.
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nobody knows the exact numbers about China. But the Versalis has given to one company,
450,000 tons. And of that, I think two lines or one line is already operational there.
Prateek Singhania:
So, this will be which comPanY, sir?
Rakesh Nayyar:
I would not have the name readily available' I do not remember the name.
Prateek Singhania:
Srrre, sir, Okay, sir. Thank you so much,
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the
conference over to the management from Supreme Petrochem Limited for closing
comments.
Rakesh Nayyar:
Thank you all for participating in this Earnings Conference Call. lf you have any further
questions or would like to know more about the company or our operations, please reach out
to our investor relations manager at Valorem Advisors. Thank you so much. Thank you.
Moderator:
On behalf of Supreme Petrochem Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for
joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines.
Page 15 of 15
