ICRA 
November 4, 2025 
BSELimited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001, India 
Scrip Code: 532835 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
ICRA Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: ICRA 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of "Q2 & Hl FY26 
Results" earnings call held on October 29, 2025. 
We have uploaded the transcript on our website and the same can be accessed through the below 
URL: 
https://www .icra.in/InvestorRelation/Index 
Kindly take the above on record. 
Regards, 
Sincerely, 
(S. Shakeb Rahman) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Building No. 8, 2nd Floor, Tower A 
Tel. : +91.124.4545300 
Website : www.icra.in 
DLF Cyber City, Phase II 
CIN : L74999DL 1991 PLC042749 
Email 
: info@icraindia.com 
Gurugram - 122002, Haryana 
Helpdesk: +91.9354738909 
Registered Office : B - 710, Statesman House, 148, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi - 110001. Tel. : +91.11.23357940-41 
RATING 
• 
RESEARCH 
• 
INFORMATION 
133716 
SYED 
SHAKEB 
RAHMAN
Digitally signed by 
SYED SHAKEB 
RAHMAN 
Date: 2025.11.04 
19:23:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
 
 
“ICRA Limited 
Half Yearly FY 2026 Investor and Analyst Conference 
Call” 
October 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMNATH KRISHNAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ICRA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. VENKATESH VISWANATHAN – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – ICRA LIMITED 
 
MR. L. SHIVAKUMAR – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AND CHIEF BUSINESS 
OFFICER AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER-ICRA ESG 
RATING – ICRA LIMITED 
 
MR. K. RAVICHANDRAN – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT & CHIEF RATING OFFICER – ICRA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHISHEK DAFRIA – HEAD, GROUP STRATEGY 
AND BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION – ICRA LIMITED 
 
MR. JAYANTA CHATTERJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ICRA ANALYTICS 
LIMITED 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the ICRA Limited Half Yearly FY 2026 
Investor and Analyst Conference Call, hosted by ICRA. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded.  
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Ramnath Krishnan, Managing Director 
and Group CEO; Mr. Venkatesh Viswanathan, Group Chief Financial Officer; Mr. L. 
Shivakumar, EVP, Business Development and Chief Business Officer, ICRA Limited and CEO, 
ICRA ESG Ratings; Mr. K. Ravichandran, Executive Vice President and Chief Rating Officer; 
Mr. Abhishek Dafria, Head of Group Strategy and Business Transformation; and Mr. Jayanta 
Chatterjee, MD and CEO of ICRA Analytics Limited, to discuss the performance of the 
company, followed by the Q&A session.  
Before we begin today's conference call, I would like to remind you that some of the statements 
made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve some risks 
and uncertainties. Please refer to Slide number 19 for investor presentation for detailed 
disclaimer.  
ICRA or any of its subsidiaries or the directors, officers, or employees of ICRA or its subsidiaries 
shall have no liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from any forward-looking 
statement or use of the investor presentation or its contents or otherwise arising in connection 
with this conference call.  
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Ramnath Krishnan, Managing Director and Group 
CEO, ICRA, to commence the proceedings. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. It's my pleasure to welcome you all to 
ICRA's first half FY '26 earnings call. I would like to thank you for your continued interest and 
support as we share our progress and performance for the first half of this year.  
Coming to the financial performance in the first half, ICRA delivered a strong performance in 
Q2 of this financial year. Consolidated revenue from operations grew by 8.3% year-on-year to 
INR136.6 crores and PAT increased by 29.4% to INR48 crores. For the first half of this financial 
year, revenue grew by 8.4% to INR261.1 crores, while profit after tax increased by 24.4% to 
INR90.8 crores.  
Breaking this down by segment. Ratings revenue grew by 13% in the second quarter and 13.6% 
for the first half of this financial year. This growth was achieved despite a slowdown in the credit 
environment, reflecting consistent quality of our ratings. Research and Analytics revenue 
increased by 2.1% in the second quarter and 1.8% for the first half of this financial year. 
 
This segment benefited from new product launches, expanded offerings and strong traction in 
risk management and market data solutions. Notably, this growth was achieved despite the 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
lingering effect of the ESG business discontinuation. These results underscore ICRA's strong 
client engagement, diversified business model and our ability to deliver value.  
The other key updates are as follows:  
Key milestone this period was a successful acquisition of Fintellix, a Bangalore-based RegTech 
and risk solutions company. This acquisition significantly expands our risk technology portfolio 
and strengthens our position as a preferred partner for risk and investment analytics. 
 
By combining ICRA's domain leadership in credit risk with Fintellix’ s advanced product suite, 
we are now able to offer integrated solutions to help banks, NBFCs and regulators navigate 
complex regulatory environment and leverage data-driven insights for strategic decision-
making.  
ICRA ESG continues to gain strong traction. In just the first half of this year, we published 7 
ratings, already surpassing the total number of ratings issued in the previous year. This rapid 
growth underscores our commitment to supporting clients and investors with credible and 
independent ESG assessments that reflects increasing demand for sustainability-linked insights 
across in our sectors.  
Moving on to the external environment.  
The macroeconomic environment in the first half was marked by persistent uncertainties driven 
by geopolitical tensions. However, subdued inflation prompted the RBI to cut rates, supporting 
domestic demand. While global headwinds remain, domestic consumption is likely to stay 
upbeat aided by GST rate rationalization, income tax cuts, moderation in food inflation and 
healthy crop prospects following the above normal monsoon. ICRA has revised its GDP growth 
forecast for FY 2026 to 6.5% with a possible upside from probable India-U.S. trade deal and the 
strong festive season. 
 
After an all-time high bond issuances in the first quarter of this financial year driven by rate cuts, 
quarter 2 saw a 10% decline as bond yields rose and the likelihood of further rate cut receded. 
Bank bond issuances dipped as credit growth moderated amidst margin pressures, while NBFC 
bond issuances strong in the first quarter also moderated in the second quarter. With bond yields 
bottoming out and rising subsequently, bank lending picked up in the second quarter after a 
subdued quarter 1, resulting in a year-on-year growth of 10.4% as of September 2025, though 
still lower than 12.9% a year ago. As bank deposit rates repriced downward in quarter 3, their 
ability to lend at lower rates improves, which may see large borrowers preferring bank loans to 
bonds. Commercial paper outstanding is expected to remain at current levels and securitization 
volumes remain strong with likely growth in NBFC AUMs. Geopolitics will continue to create 
uncertainty and may delay private sector investment, but domestic consumption is likely to 
remain upbeat.  
Despite global headwinds, Indian corporates have demonstrated resilience. In the first half of 
this financial year, ICRA upgraded ratings of 214 entities and downgraded 75, resulting in a 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
robust credit ratio of 2.8, a significant improvement over previous period.  Upgrades were driven 
by improvements in business fundamentals, strong parented credit profiles and reduced project 
risks, especially in power, realty and hospitality sectors. Our default rate remained low at 0.2%, 
underscoring the accuracy and reliability of our ratings. 
 
Our Research and Analytics segment delivered steady growth, supported by new client wins and 
expanded offerings. We launched several new and upgraded products, including ECL that stands 
for Expected Credit Loss version 3 for accurate credit loss computation, InfRE360 for InvIT and 
REIT analytics and a cloud-based MFI360 Explorer, all of which received good market 
acceptance. Our dominance in model validation, stress testing, risk analytics, security level 
valuation and market abuse prevention for asset management companies continued. The 
Knowledge Services vertical recorded broad-based growth, and we continue to focus on 
expanding our global client base and leveraging technology-led solutions.  
In closing, I would like to thank all our clients, partners and stakeholders for their continued 
trust and support. ICRA remains committed to delivering value, upholding the highest standards 
of analytical rigor and supporting the evolving needs of the financial ecosystem. Thank you all 
once again and I look forward to your questions. Over to you, operator. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Varun Bang from Bandhan Life. 
Varun Bang: 
So first question is on the Rating business. Last year... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Varun, can you please speak a bit louder? 
Varun Bang: 
Is it better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, much better. Please go ahead. 
Varun Bang: 
Yes. So the first question is on the Ratings business. Last 2 years, we have seen significant shift 
from bank borrowing to capital markets because it was much cheaper raising capital in the capital 
markets. Now that MCLR reset is happening, do you expect some slowdown in the corporate 
debt issuances? 2- to 3-year perspective, if you can share what is it that you are seeing. 
L Shiv: 
See, if you see last couple of quarters, bank and bond essentially has been driven by how the 
bonds yield have been. So, H1 and within that also Q1 specifically because of rate cuts, the bond 
issuances picked up. Otherwise, if you go back to last year, similar period, H1, it was more of 
bank credit. In fact, last 2 years, quite a bit of bank credit growth happened. So it's essentially a 
function of large corporates. They tend to go towards that segment of borrowing or funding 
where they find better rates. The MSME segment continues to rely largely on the bank credit. 
So, that is something which is prevalent. Going forward -- at one level, it's a function of how 
yields pan out. So, if we have another rate cut, then possibly there would be a shift to bond 
market. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
 
If that doesn't happen, quite likely in Q3 and Q4, the banks would be able to reprice their deposits 
downwards, which can lead to a pickup in bank credit. Now this is purely from the funding side 
or the borrowing side. In terms of growth segments, we do see infrastructure to continue to 
remain strong in terms of borrowing, partly driven by government spend. And since we do expect 
consumption story to stay strong in Q3, Q4, driven by various factors, some of these being the 
GST rationalization, the income tax benefit, also the policy rate cuts by and large, which has 
brought down the interest rates and a good monsoon. So driven by various factors, we do believe 
the consumption story to remain strong in the next 2 quarters. So broadly, we think these would 
be the drivers for our business. 
Varun Bang: 
Got it. And in terms of non-ratings business, the business that flows from Moody's and its 
associates, what challenges are we facing? And what are we doing to fix the challenges and grow 
it from there? And last year also, we were told that the business is getting impacted because of 
onetime ESG-related projects. But even this year, we are not seeing any improvement. So what 
are the challenges? And what are we doing to fix them? 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
This is Jayanta Chatterjee here. This business, which is the global business for ICRA Analytics, 
there are various drivers which are in play in the Moody's business and one, of course, is the fact 
that there is a lot of automation which keeps happening within Moody's ecosystem.  
And as a result of that, some of the business which comes our way does get automated and 
therefore, there could be an impact there. You are right, the ESG impact was there and that 
continues to some extent in this year as well because the impact of that business did, the business 
gradually went away till quarter 3 of last year. 
 
So, some impact of that was also there in H1 of this year. Having said that, in various parts of 
the Moody's business, we are seeing growth, obviously, because the size of the business is large. 
So, the growth which has come may not be visible in terms of the scale that you see overall.  
But largely there are businesses where technology; technology business particularly, where we 
see growth and also in addition of FTEs in some parts of the business where there are finalization 
things which we get work on. So there are, there is growth happening, but the lingering effect of 
the ESG has an impact on the overall numbers that you see. I hope that covers your question. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Just to add further to that, I mean, if you look at the non-ratings business, despite the 
discontinuation of the ESG business and the consequent impact on the top line, there has still 
been growth in the non-ratings business or what we call the Research and Analytics business, 
albeit modest growth and that is largely on the back of a fairly significant growth that we have 
seen both in the risk management vertical and in the market data vertical. And we obviously 
continue to expand both the risk management business and the market data business organically 
and by looking at inorganic growth opportunities. 
Varun Bang: 
Got it. Got it. Couple of questions on Fintellix. What was the PAT Fintellix delivered in FY '25? 
And how is the growth trajectory evolving in FY '26? 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
 Venkatesh Viswanathan: Varun, from a number perspective, we have put that out. From an EBIDA perspective, I think it 
delivered ~ 20% EBIDA. The PAT was negative because there is an amount of accelerated 
depreciation involved, which will linger around for another 10 to 12 months. But at an EBIDA 
level, it has been positive. The size of the company as we articulated roughly is around INR91 
crores that we see as of date. 
Varun Bang: 
Okay. And on the valuation front, we seem to have paid significant premium for this acquisition 
based on FY '24 earnings. Are we anticipating significant ramp up from current revenue base of, 
let's say, INR90 crores and 20% margins? And are we expecting this acquisition to be earnings 
dilutive? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
There are 2 aspects that you have covered. One is on the valuation side which is more future-
based and when we look at the past financials, we must be mindful that there are some businesses 
which this firm had discontinued. So, there is some impact in revenue as there has been a gradual 
shift from a service to a product in the last couple of years. And there's been a fair amount of 
consulting business that Fintellix used to do, which has been discontinued due to which there 
will be some bearing on revenue number. From a valuation, when we looked at the valuation, 
apart from the size of the business and what we are seeing in the next 2 to 3 years, it looks okay 
for us from that perspective.  
And apart from price, there are a couple of synergies that we see from this acquisition, which 
we have also articulated, especially there's a global aspect where we are looking to leverage this 
with our Knowledge Services. There's a tech consolidation opportunity enabling unified 
offerings and there's a set of talent that this company brings. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
In short, I mean, to respond to your question, do we believe that the consideration that we paid 
for this is reasonable, the answer is yes. We see significant value in this acquisition going 
forward, given the way the regulatory landscape is changing and given the proposition that this 
company has as part of its offering. So, we see a lot of potential there and then we see this 
acquisition being value-accretive, not dilutive. 
Varun Bang: 
In initial years also, we think it will be earnings accretive. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Yes. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
What Ramnath is saying is at EBIDA level. Obviously, when we look at the overall numbers, 
you will have an amortization which will come on account of the investments. So if your 
question is whether with that amortization it is, it won't be in the initial 2 to 3 years at least. 
Varun Bang: 
And also from the other income perspective, let's say, INR250 crores, we would have earned 
roughly INR12 crores, INR14 crores post-tax on the other income. So, from that perspective, 
there will be a shortfall of INR12 crores to INR14 crores at PAT level because that other income 
will go away. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
From a treasury perspective, you are right. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
Varun Bang: 
Got it. Got it. And on the D2K, I think we have been able to scale it from the revenue perspective, 
at least what I see from the annual report. How do you think about the profitability in D2K going 
forward? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
We have to make some investment in this entity and that will continue one or one and a half 
years, . If you recollect, we had articulated earlier that it’s a promoter-driven company and the 
investment in the product is something which we are looking to ramp up. There's a fair amount 
of interest for the products, but we'll have to also invest in the company.  
Varun Bang: 
Got it. Got it. And just one last question. Let's say, there was always this effort which wasn't 
talked about, growing the non-rating and non-Moody's business, what progress have we made 
ex of acquisitions if I see, what progress have we made so far? And how what is it that we are 
looking for, let's say, in FY '26 and FY '27 on non-rating, non-Moody's and ex of acquisitions? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Yes. See, the intent, there are 2 parts to this. I mean, one is to increase the size or the proportion 
of the non-ratings business itself. I mean, there, I think, directionally, we are trending well. So 
as of FY '25, I mean, you would know this, the composition is roughly around 60-40, 60% of 
the revenues coming from Ratings business and 40% from the non-ratings business. 
 
And within the non-ratings business, whilst at the present time, pre-acquisition of Fintellix, the 
Knowledge Services business or the business which is largely done with Moody's was still a 
significant contributor to that vertical. We expect this to change with the contribution increasing 
from the non-Knowledge Services verticals. So that should, so we have, I mean, obviously, plans 
in terms of rebalancing that book and we believe that with the acquisition of Fintellix and with 
the scaling up of the D2K business, which is what Venkat was alluding to, I mean, some of our 
businesses, which are actually small, our focus is actually on increasing the top line quite 
significantly because that is where the investments are being made. And once that gets corrected, 
beyond a point, I mean, naturally, they will all become margin accretive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Kachchhi from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Harsh Kachchhi: 
My first question is on the Ratings business. Just wanted to understand in a challenging macro 
environment, what has like, what are the factors that have led to this growth? And like also we 
see like a sizable improvement in margins on a Y-o-Y basis. So if you can just help us understand 
that. 
L Shiv: 
Yes, I'll take the first part. So essentially, as we've been mentioning in the last couple of analyst 
calls, we our focus has been in the growth segments, which is infrastructure and BFSI. So we've 
clearly identified entities, regions where growth is likely to come and we are focused on that. I 
think that continuous effort has what has helped us in terms of post this kind of revenue growth. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Harsh, on the second part, yes, obviously, the margins are very good for H1 and that's simply, I 
think, is a leverage of growth  

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
And we've also been investing a lot of time and effort in process reengineering, technology, 
etcetera, etcetera, which is also resulting in a lot of efficiency and that naturally is contributing 
to improvement in margins as well. And that this trend has been quite noticeable if you notice 
over the last probably about 7 to 8 quarters. 
Harsh Kachchhi: 
My other question was on the non-rating business. So, we are seeing a decline in margins over 
there. And as you mentioned that, going ahead, Knowledge Services, you will be trying to grow 
the non-Knowledge Services business. So, what will be the margin, implication on margins 
going ahead in the non-rating business? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
One must acknowledge that the margins in the non-Knowledge Services business just is likely 
to be lower than what might be the margins in Knowledge Services. That is just the nature of the 
business. As we rebalance that book will we see some dilution in margins as far as the non-
ratings business is concerned and as the non-Knowledge Services business grows, But as long 
as it is margin-accretive meet our internal thresholds, we will be fine and will be working 
towards that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Purohit from Securities Investment Management. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. Just a couple of things. If you could kind of share 
some thoughts on Fintellix in terms of what kind of addressable market does it throw open for 
us? And you had mentioned there were certain synergistic opportunities we have in that. So if 
you could just throw some light on where, what kind of addressable market, how does it kind of 
increase our own capabilities, or ability to expand our overall TAM on -- that is on Fintellix. 
 
And second is on the, generally, the acquisitions that we've made over the last few years, how 
would have , is there a way for us as investors to kind of keep track of how they have performed, 
whether, of course, one basic metric is always that you invest INR100 and over a period of time, 
it has added that much value for the investment that we've made.  
So from ICRA's point of view, now that this is probably like the third acquisition that we've 
made, so just to kind of get a sense of every rupee that is being spent, does it kind of give you 
the commensurate ROIs back? Or how does one kind of really judge? It's like when you send 
your kid to school, you get a report card every year, right?  
So is there any report card that you kind of would share with investors every quarter or at least 
once in a year to kind of say that this is what we acquired this company for and this is how it has 
fared so it allows us to kind of judge also or understand or appreciate and understand where 
these acquisitions are being made or what thought process is going behind that? 
Abhishek Dafria: 
This is Abhishek here. I'll take up the first question. The whole M&A strategy which we have 
devised in the last few years has been to look at entities which will help us scale our existing 
portfolio of products which we have on the ICRA Analytics side. So Fintellix was sort of 
shortlisted with that vision on our minds. It provides us with largely a set of products catering 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
towards the same lenders or that lending community where ICRA Analytics also would have 
some presence, but we are now expanding our suite of products which we can offer. 
 
So that's a synergy which comes in. The other thing which it opens up is new geographies. So 
ICRA Analytics, if you keep the Knowledge Services aside, is largely a domestic-focused 
business so far. While a good share of Fintellix sales is happening in the foreign geographies, 
they have a good presence in the Middle East, in the U.S. as well. 
 
And this is something which we plan to leverage. It adds, our products also add value when 
Fintellix goes to these products, these geographies in terms of the offerings which they would 
have. So we definitely see a lot of synergies. And as one sort of integrates with them over a 
period of time, we are sure more capabilities will be assessed. There would be certain cost 
synergies also which will come into the picture. 
 
And that's the action plan which we have in mind when we decided also on the valuation. So 
there are certain thresholds in terms of what kind of IRRs, let's say, one would want to achieve 
with these investments. And we feel it is something very much doable with keeping Fintellix in 
mind. The second question, probably, Venkat, you can take over. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Yes. Ravi, on the second question, In the last 3 years, this is the second acquisition, there’s only 
two acquisitions that we have done - One is D2K, which was a very small acquisition, and this 
(Fintellix) is larger. In terms of tracking this, these are separate entities, some of these numbers 
will get published as a part of the financial statement wherein we will publish the results of the 
subsidiaries in the annual report itself.  I'm sure some of this information will cover what you 
are referring here. 
It will be straightforward for us to track progress on the analytics space, and we can explain how  
we can carve this out by excluding Knowledge Services 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. So Venkat, I heard you mentioned during earlier part of the call that I think in the 
presentation, we have mentioned it's about 20% EBIDA margin. But at the, below the EBIDA 
level, there are accelerated depreciation because of which there is probably not a lot of profit 
left. These are all noncash charges, right? So, I'm assuming these are all investments that 
Fintellix has already made in the past. 
 
We are acquiring that company and the company is basically writing off the investments that it 
has made in the past from its P&L, right? So in a sense, when we report our numbers, will we 
be actually showing, I don't know what, cash profits, because I'm assuming what you from what 
you said and please correct me if I'm wrong, at the cash level, it's not a loss-making entity, right? 
It's a 20% EBIDA margin, which I'm assuming it's like a 20% cash margin basis, right? And 
that's I'm assuming the rest of it is all noncash charge? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
That's correct. One is the EBIDA, which is we are saying it's 20%. That is essentially cash and 
you will see that kind of a cash coming The second is when we actually talk about the other 
noncash charge item, which is essentially the investment amortization, what we have paid, the 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
INR250 crores, that will also come out as a charge to the P&L and it will impact EPS, but it 
won't impact future  cash because we have already paid that  
Ravi Purohit: 
And so okay. I was referring to the depreciation in Fintellix because I heard you mention that 
Fintellix also like EBIDA -- below EBIDA, they did not have much profit. And I heard you 
mention that it is because of some depreciation that they are taking. So, I was actually referring 
to Fintellix numbers. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Correct. PAT is negative mainly because of noncash charge and at EBIDA level, it is cash 
positive. And as a business, it is cash-generating. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. And I'm assuming these are investments that they would have made in tech 
side or so if you could just throw some light as to what kind of products do they sell? And how 
do you how do that kind of help ICRA Analytics to kind of, because if the end customer is still 
the same bank or financial institution, so to speak, what kind of areas do they cover and how and 
what kind of areas do we cover? So, and when we kind of approach the same client, how does 
that kind of help? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Sure. See, the addressable market, I mean, essentially for the entire risk analytics space is 
basically the BFSI segment, be it in India or be it outside. So, what we are looking to do when 
we look at inorganic growth opportunities is to try and see which are the organizations that might 
have a proposition that is complementary to what we already have in ICRA Analytics in the risk 
analytics space but essentially targeted at the BFSI segment. So that is how we have been 
evaluating opportunities. Naturally, there are a few other criteria that we look at in terms of size, 
scale, the strategic fit and synergies and so on and so forth. 
 
Now if you look at D2K, ICRA Analytics risk products and Fintellix for that matter, which has 
just come into the ICRA folio very recently, all each one of them has products which are 
complementary and pretty much all the products are largely targeted at the BFSI segment. Now 
to explain simply, Fintellix essentially has a Reg reporting tech platform, which is, again, 
targeted at the BFSI segment, be it the insurance sector, be it banks, be it NBFCs and so on and 
so forth.  
So the client universe from an addressable market standpoint, it's uniform for us across these 3 
entities. So what we will naturally work towards is to try and ensure that we have a higher share 
of wallet in this entire space by having a product suite which is much larger than where we 
probably started about a couple of years ago. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. Okay. And last question from my side. So, when we kind of hear S&P and Moody's 
discuss the impact of AI in their con calls and annual reports and presentations, there is a fair bit 
of adoption that is taking place there. And because we as rating agencies with more than 50, 60, 
70 years historic data, there is lot of data that is sitting on, in the universe of the rating agencies, 
right, and will AI be able to kind of help them monetize some of these assets? 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
 
So in that sense, they have, of course, discussed a lot of those things, but how does ICRA at the 
India entity level, how are we kind of looking at that aspect? Does it kind of help? Are we 
allowed to or is it possible to monetize or utilize the depth of information and historic data that 
we have and use agentic AI tools to kind of monetize those? So if you could just share some of 
the things that we would have thought or looked at? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Sure. AI is an area that's receiving a lot of attention, not just within the Moody's ecosystem, but 
within the ICRA ecosystem as well. But if I look at just the Ratings business, I mean, naturally, 
we are not looking at using AI tools to monetize any of the data that we have. But what we are 
looking at and some of it has gone into application or into production already, is to use AI to 
bring in better operating efficiencies in our processes itself. So, some use cases have gone into, 
gone live. They've gone into production already. Some are getting tested as we speak.  
And there are a lot more that are in the pipe, which are getting evaluated. So, this is something 
that is being looked at pretty much daily and we will continue to look at it. But within the Ratings 
business, we will be using this essentially to drive better operating efficiencies, to reduce the 
load on the analytical team. That is what we are looking to achieve and by achieving that, by 
ensuring that the analytical team has more time at their disposal, which can be repurposed. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up question from Mr. Varun Bang from Bandhan Life. 
Varun Bang: 
On the Fintellix, again, if I see between FY '22 to FY '24, the revenue and profitability of 
Fintellix declined sharply. Actually, margins also fell from 38%, 39% to 14%. So, what were 
some of the reasons for this decline if you can highlight on that? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
So, Varun, I'll tell you a couple of reasons, which we have mentioned earlier. One is there was 
an entity in US, wherein certain client billings were transitioned earlier but not consolidated. So, 
that’s why we have put a note which clarifies that some of the revenue from the US, if we add it 
back, that's the whole size of Fintellix. The US revenue was not getting consolidated in the Indian 
arm and hence not getting reported. As a part of this deal, a separate entity is formed in U.S., 
and all the client contracts will be transitioned there. So, post our acquisition, this will come as 
a part of Fintellix / ICRA's consolidated revenue and margins. The revenue drop largely 
happened because they tapered down their consulting services.  
Varun Bang: 
Got it. And expenses, I think employee costs and other expenses kept on rising in this period. 
So how should one look at it? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
The better way to look at it would be as per shared by us in the presentation with INR91 crores 
turnover and 20% EBIDA which is the current sizing. We have factored all these nuances and 
put it across which we thought will help you better understand the numbers  

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 29, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Sensitivity Label : Public 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
The other thing that have also happened, Fintellix, about a year or 2 ago, they changed their 
revenue recognition model from taking the license cost upfront to a subscription model. So this 
will result in more stable annuity kind of revenues going forward. 
Varun Bang: 
Got it and thanks for the follow-up 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICRA management, that 
concludes this conference call. I thank all the participants for joining us. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
