 
Grasim Industries Limited 
Aditya Birla Centre, ‘A’ Wing, 2nd Floor, S.K. Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400 030, India 
T: +91 22 6652 5000 / 2499 5000 | F: +91 22 6652 5114 / 2499 5114 
E: grasim.secretarial@adityabirla.com | W: www.grasim.com | CIN: L17124MP1947PLC000410 
Regd. Office : Birlagram, Nagda – 456 331 (M.P.) 
 
Ref No. GIL/CFD/SEC/26/126/SE 
                                                    11th November 2025
 
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 500300
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Symbol: GRASIM
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of post Earnings Call  
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of post Earnings Call held on 5th November 2025 on 
Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter 
and half year ended 30th September 2025 and the same is also available at 
https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/grasim-earnings-call-transcript-q2fy26.pdf.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Neelabja Chakrabarty 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS – 16075 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Cc:   
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
35A Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
 
 
Citibank N.A. 
Depositary Receipt Services 
390 Greenwich Street,  
4th Floor, New York - 10013 
 
Citibank N.A. 
Custodial Services 
FIFC, 9th Floor, C-54 & 55, 
G Block  Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400098
 
 
NEELABJA 
CHAKRABA
RTY
Digitally signed by 
NEELABJA 
CHAKRABARTY 
Date: 2025.11.11 
13:04:27 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Grasim Industries Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 05, 2025 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
MANAGEMENT: 
HIMANSHU KAPANIA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
BUSINESS HEAD – BIRLA OPUS PAINTS  
 
HEMANT KADEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
JAYANT DHOBLEY – BUSINESS HEAD, CHEMICALS 
CELLULOSIC FASHION YARN AND INSULATORS BUSINESS  
VADIRAJ KULKARNI – BUSINESS HEAD, CELLULOSIC FIBRE 
BUSINESS 
SANDEEP KOMARAVELLY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
BIRLA PIVOT, B2B E-COMMERCE BUSINESS 
ANKIT PANCHMATIA – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for readability purposes, factual and verbatim errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recording uploaded on the website on 5th November 2025 will prevail. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Grasim Industries Limited Q2FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Panchmatia, Head of Investor 
Relations at Grasim Industries. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Panchmatia: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks Raiyo. Good evening, and thank you for joining everyone on Grasim's Second 
Quarter Financial Year 2026 Earnings Call. The financial statements, press release and 
presentation are already uploaded on the websites of stock exchanges and our website for your 
reference. For safe harbor, kindly refer to cautionary statement highlighted in the last slide of 
our presentation. Our management team is present on this call to discuss our results and business 
performance. We have with us Mr. Himanshu Kapania, Managing Director, Grasim Industries 
and Business Head, Birla Opus Paints; Mr. Hemant Kadel, Chief Financial Officer of Grasim 
Industries. Also from the business team, we have with us Mr. Jayant Dhobley, Business Head of 
Chemicals, Cellulosic Fashion Yarn and Insulators business; Mr. Vadiraj Kulkarni, Business 
Head of Cellulosic Fibers business; and Mr. Sandeep Komaravelly, CEO, Birla Pivot, our B2B 
ecommerce business. Let me now hand over the call to Himanshu sir for his opening remarks, 
on macro and updates on key businesses. Over to you, sir. 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Thank you, Ankit, and good evening to everyone. We welcome you to Grasim Industries 
Earnings Call for the quarter ending 30th September 2025. Hope you had a good Diwali and 
New Year Vikram Samvat 2082. Also, as today's Guru Nanak Jayanti, may you be blessed with 
peace, happiness and love. 
Starting with macroeconomics, we have now entered the final lap of this calendar year 2025 
with a global economy that is not in recession, but not in a synchronized expansion either. We 
are living in a world where trade is rewiring, capital is repricing and geopolitics has once again 
become a single order economic variable, not a background noise. On October 29, 2025, the Fed 
cut the target range for the federal fund rate by 25 basis points to 3.75% to 4%, the lowest in 
three years. This followed an earlier cut of 25 basis points in September. The rate cuts indicate 
balance of risks are now shifting towards risk of growth and employment. Add to that, the Trump 
administration's renewed emphasis on tariff-based negotiations, especially on Europe and key 
Asian blocks may amplify short-term noise. However, the structural drivers of demand, 
competitiveness and consumption momentum remains intact. 
China is the second spotlight. China's GDP growth slowed to 4.8% year-on-year in quarter 3 of 
this calendar year 2025, the weakest pace in a year. Data shows China is not in an acute crisis, 
but in a structurally lower growth orbit. Property demand is frozen, household confidence is 
weak and private entrepreneurs are holding back capex decisions. The upcoming 5-year plan 
will be closely watched as it will set national priorities through 2030. Just to summarize, the 
situation that global trade is seeing is more pressure points. It is not a collapse, but more friction 
and friction slows velocity.  

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
And then India. The country is the positive outlier in the sentimental spectrum, but even India 
cannot fully decouple from the global liquidity and global trade. In a landmark move in 
September 2025, the center rationalized GST slabs from 4 to 3, reducing taxes across essential 
and aspirational items. The reform simplifies GST rates, eases compliance, boost disposable 
income and supports long-term economic revival. India's GDP growth for FY '25, '26 was 
revised upwards, thanks to a strong domestic consumption, robust investment activity and 
resilient exports. Supportive government reforms and RBI's accommodative monetary policy 
has further boosted demand while moderate inflation provides room for sustained growth. So if 
I had to summarize the world in one line today, globally, this a low speed economy with pockets 
of strength, intermittent confidence and policymakers for moving carefully, not boldly. The 
world is not constant. And in this environment, winners will not be those who bet on direction. 
Winners will be those who stay flexible on timings. It is an era where optionality has more value 
than certainty. We don't need to predict the future with 100% precision. What we need to do is 
stay prepared for multiple futures. 
Grasim's multi-segment presence create a synergistic engine of growth, combining resilience 
with opportunity. The growth continues to exhibit resilience with trailing 12-month revenues 
now nearing INR1,60,000 crores, that is over USD18 billion compared to approximately 
INR95,000 crores, that is USD11 billion in FY '22 when measured on equal currency rates, a 
remarkable growth of 14%. Moreover, the stand-alone business continues to gain share now at 
24% in quarter 2 FY '26 in the overall consolidated revenues nearing its highest ever milestone 
of INR10,000 crores per quarter. Our CFO, Mr. Hemant Kadel, will further touch upon these 
numbers in detail. However, as I said earlier, we do not live in a constant world, which is why 2 
years back, we entered into 2 new high-growth businesses, and I'm very happy to say that both 
these businesses are on track to achieve their stated targets. 
I will start with our growth businesses, Paints and B2B e-commerce businesses. Birla Opus is 
now a distinctive force in India's decorative paints landscape, not as another brand in the shelf 
stack but a category pace setup. We are institutionalizing (a) superior paint performance; (b) 
quality assurance up front and in writing; (c) tech-led contractor, painter and consumer 
engagement. This resetting expectations of what premium should actually mean in India. From 
application science to film durability testing to shade integrity to dealer enablement, we are 
building this new gold or should we say, platinum standard. This why Birla Opus is becoming 
integral in conversations across the value chain, whether it is with retailers, contractors, 
applicators, builders, institutions and homeowners because we have not just launched Decorative 
Paints, we are raising the reference benchmark for how paints should be engineered, sold and 
serviced in India. 
I'm happy to share that we have commenced production at our largest and sixth plant in 
Kharagpur, West Bengal on 15th October 2025. The plant has 236 million liters per annum 
capacity and is one of the largest paint plant in West Bengal and Eastern India. This plant can 
manufacture water-based paints, solvent-based paints, colorants and distemper paint. It will 
significantly improve our serviceability to Eastern and Central India markets and bringing 
network efficiency. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
With this plant's commercialization, the announced project phase of Decorative Paints concludes 
and the decorative paints installed capacity is now 1,332 million liters per annum across the six 
plants. This makes Birla Opus the second largest decorative paints company commanding 24% 
of the industry capacity, a feat unmatched around the globe for speed and cost. Now we focus 
all our energies to bridge the gap between our volume market share and capacity share.  
Coming to the performance of Decorative segment, Birla Opus continues to grow its market 
share and expand its position as number 3 decorative brand with double-digit market share, 
including Birla Opus and Birla white putty revenues, similar to the revenue reporting by legacy 
companies of all paint majors. Despite the extended monsoon, Birla Opus hits its highest ever 
monthly sales in the month of September and saw an equally strong October month, indicating 
increasing brand salience across markets. Not only the primary sales at highest level, but also 
the secondary sales have been touching levels higher as a percentage of primary sales, indicating 
fast movements that is offtake from dealers to contractors or from dealers to customers from 
these counters. 
As per internal estimates, the organized decorative paint industry has grown in low single digits 
on Y-on-Y basis in quarter 2 FY'26, largely due to incumbents push for lower-end economy 
products. However, as per our estimates, excluding Birla Opus revenues, the organized 
decorative paint industry has degrown slightly on a year-on-year basis. Birla Opus continues to 
disrupt through innovation and launched two big consumer propositions in the second quarter.  
First one was the Birla Opus Assurance Campaign, the first ever written paint promise by any 
paint company to assure the customers of painting performance backed by superior product 
quality of Birla Opus products. This campaign was another disruptive and differentiated 
campaign in which we launched four films that you must have seen on print, television and 
digital media. The campaign has received overwhelming response from customers, contractors, 
painters, dealers and thousands of paint projects under Birla Opus Assurance program have been 
undertaken and continue to be executed. We expect the demand for Birla Opus Assurance to 
accelerate snowballing into basic consumer expectation doing painting beyond product 
warranty. 
The second one was expansion of Birla Opus painting services offered under PaintCraft brand 
through our dealer and franchise partners on a pan-India basis. This first of its kind differentiated 
painting services offering that leverages digital technology and integrates the platform for all 
stakeholders, including company, franchise, applicators, painters and consumers. PaintCraft is a 
win win for all stakeholders as it offers, (a) transparent consumer pricing; (b) EMI financing on 
painting first time in India; (c) end-to-end company oversight of dealer-led painting services 
through trained execution network; and d, a fully GST-compliant painting service. The network 
has appreciated these initiatives by Birla Opus to bring a standardized painting service in the 
market. We're happy to announce that PaintCraft has already scaled up across 170 towns and 
expected to reach 300+ towns by quarter 3 and through company's dealer-operated franchisees 
and high-performing dealers. We remain on track to build India's differentiated and largest 
painting service network serviced through the largest branded franchise network.  

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Customers can simply log in to Birla Opus website and avail the benefit of these two unique 
programs. The success of these campaigns is reflecting in our brand scores as well. Our 
independent research shows the consumer love for Birla Opus brand continued to rise as Birla 
Opus has become the number two brand in top of mind recall across India at the end of Q2FY'26. 
Such brand recall within 18 months of our launch and 12 months of pan-India operation is quite 
unheard of in the marketing world. 
On the product front, the premium and luxury products revenue contribution was upwards at 
65% of revenue, covering all categories across emulsion enamel, wood finish and waterproofing, 
including retail and institutional segment. The company has also launched an array of new 
products and crossed 190-plus products in this portfolio. Out of this, 13 new products were 
launched during this quarter, the company launched a new branded tools segment with a range 
of non-mechanized tools under the sub-brand known as Artist. Company is proud to launch in-
house Made in India, high-quality range of wallpapers, which has seen excellent network 
response. The other new products launched are pure elegant soft shine, aerosols, aluminum 
paints, clear varnish and few new bases in the existing product range. The Birla Opus products 
have been now applied by over 6 lakh painters and contractors, across lakhs of residential sites, 
making it one of the largest contractor painter network in India. 
On distribution front, the brand has crossed its earlier guidance and reached to over 10,000 towns 
on a pan-India basis, which is historic achievement in such a short time. The focus now shifts to 
depth of presence in each of these 10,000 towns. The company's branded franchise store network 
has crossed 500-plus towns presence and will soon cross 4-digit mark of branded exclusive store 
count, making it amongst the largest branded stores in the country. 
The total capex spend for Paints business stood at INR9,727 crores as on 30th September 2025. 
Grasim applauds the Birla Opus team for flawlessly executing a large and global scale greenfield 
project, commissioning six state-of-art plants simultaneously, achieved without cost overruns 
with rapid scale-up and consistent first-time right quality across 190-plus products. This feat 
showcases exceptional financial discipline and manufacturing and supply chain excellence, a 
truly unparalleled achievement by a dynamic start-up. 
Finally, continuing on Birla Opus, our CEO, Mr. Rakshit Hargave has decided to pursue 
opportunities outside Grasim. Today, Grasim NRC has accepted his resignation and approved 
his request to exit the company effective 6th December 2025. Rakshit joined Grasim in 
November 2021 and has played significant role at the Birla Opus start-up stage and initial scaling 
of the Decorative Paints business. Today, the operations are stable, and we have built a high-
performing team. In the last four years, this team has helped establish six integrated 
manufacturing facilities, scale distribution, build brand salience and supply chain network. I 
believe we have built a rock-solid foundation for next level growth in the Decorative Paints 
business, which has all the necessary ingredients to achieve number 2 revenue market share and 
committed profitability in the 3 years of full-scale operations. The company appreciates 
Rakshit's contribution and wishes him the best for the future endeavour. Rakshit's successor will 
be announced in due course. In the interim, I as business head for the last five years of Paints 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
business, and who helped conceptualize, strategize, plan and execute this large project will 
directly oversee the paints business until the new CEO is appointed. 
Moving on to other new business, Birla Pivot, which has been marching steadily and strongly. 
Birla Pivot was created to solve a pressing challenge in India's business landscape, simplifying 
building and other sectors raw material procurement for the companies that power the nation's 
growth. Today, it has evolved into a one-stop shop B2B platform covering the complete 
spectrum of procurement, fulfilment, assured quality and quantity with financing solutions of 
material needs from steel and cement to tiles and chemicals, all in one smart seamless ecosystem 
by enabling digital adoption across the B2B ecosystem, Birla Pivot is not just a procurement 
platform, it is a catalyst for efficiency, transparency and growth in India's industrial and 
construction sector. Post a successful foray into building materials, the business now expands 
its product portfolio to become full stacked raw material procurement platform. The platform 
has now added a diversified range of raw materials, including polymers, solvent, textile 
chemicals and nonferrous metals. For your reference, B2B e-commerce market is set to hit 
USD200 billion by 2030, powered by strong demand from chemicals, metals, infrastructure and 
construction sector, etc. Birla Pivot's expansion is well timed to capture this momentum, 
enabling smarter tech-enabled procurement. As digital penetrations remain below 2%, India's 
B2B ecommerce trade is on the cusp of a major shift. What does such product additions give to 
us? First and foremost, growth momentum, which is what it is visible in Q2FY'26, where the 
revenues are sequentially higher by 15% in spite of monsoons. Secondly, it also gears up for 
new aspirations, which means newer targets to our businesses beyond its stated revenue guidance 
of achieving INR8,500 crores or $1 billion mark by FY'27. 
To conclude, Grasim's diversified business model spans India's high-growth sectors from cement 
powering infrastructure, decorative paints, enabling urban aspiration, B2B commerce and 
financial services driving enterprise and inclusion to chemicals and sustainable fibers like 
cellulosic, linen, wool and cotton, addressing industrial and global demand. This multi-segment 
presence creates a synergistic engine of growth, combining resilience with opportunity, a true 
force for growth building India, enabling aspiration and driving sustainable progress. 
Let me now hand over the call to Hemant for discussing financial performance and highlight on 
our core business, which is cellulosic fibers and chemicals. Over to you, Hemant. 
Hemant Kadel: 
Thank you, Himanshu. Good afternoon and festive greetings to everyone. It is a privilege to 
address all of you on this earnings call in my capacity as CFO. I have been with the group for 
more than 30 years. And during this journey, I have been part of the core management team, 
leading several strategic initiatives and governance responsibilities. My experience spans across 
corporate finance, risk management, mergers and acquisitions and enterprise-level initiatives. 
As a CFO of a conglomerate like Grasim, my role is to ensure that our financial strategy and 
execution are fully aligned with the five pillars that has defined our organization's long-term 
growth journey, which is leadership, innovation, sustainability, capital allocation and cost 
leadership. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Coming to our current quarter performance, Grasim has delivered consistent revenue growth for 
21 consecutive quarters on a year-on-year basis with trailing 12 months consolidated revenues 
of INR1,59,663 crores, up by 8% compared to FY '25 revenues. The standalone revenue grew 
at a faster pace, reaching a record high of INR9,610 crores, up by 26% year-on-year. 
Let me now talk about business-wise performance: Firstly, cellulosic fiber business, the average 
quarter 2 FY '26 cellulosic stable fiber utilization rates in China have improved to 89%. And 
inventory days, though higher year-on-year, have sequentially reduced to 15 days. Total sales 
volume of CSF was lower by 5% year-on-year due to logistics-related issues at Vilayat, which 
is now normalized. Specialty fiber volume mix improved to 24%, led by higher exports of 
specialty fibers, improved product mix and currency depreciation supported blended realization 
of CSF. Cellulosic fashion yarn sales volume grew by 3% year-on-year, led by festive demand. 
However, the realizations continue to remain impacted by cheaper imports from China. The 
cellulosic fibers segment revenue were up 1% year-on-year to INR4,149 crores. High input price 
of key raw materials impacted the EBITDA, which degrew by 29% to INR350 crores. 
Coming to our Chemicals business, the business revenue stood at two year high levels driven by 
all-round performance across caustic soda, chlorine derivatives and specialty chemicals. While 
the global caustic prices have softened with CFR SEA down by 5%, domestic caustic prices 
stood higher due to stable demand and rupee depreciation. The improvement in caustic prices 
led to higher ECU, which was partially impacted by increasing negative chlorine realizations. 
Caustic sales volume for the quarter were flat due to constrained production on account of lower 
power availability. Specialty Chemicals revenue contribution improved to 30% versus 26% in 
quarter 2 FY '25 driven by volume growth of 34% year-on-year due to stabilization of newer 
capacity. Specialty chemical profitability remains impacted by elevated raw material prices.  
During the quarter, chlorine derivative capacity increased by 11 KTPA with addition of 
aluminum chloride capacities. Two key projects, CPVC in partnership with Lubrizol and ECH 
remains on track. The mechanical completion is expected by Q3 FY '26. Post completion of 
ongoing projects, chlorine integration is expected to reach 70% compared to current 64%. 
In our Cement business, UltraTech's capacity expansion continued to reinforce its position as 
the backbone of India's infrastructure build-out. With every incremental million ton added, the 
business is structurally strengthening supply to support the country's historic capex cycle across 
roads, ports, industrial corridors, logistics infrastructure and housing. The business has recently 
announced capacity expansion targeting total gray cement capacity of over 240 million metric 
ton per annum by March 2028. Compared to its current capacity of 192.3 million metric ton per 
annum for quarter 2 FY '26, the consolidated sales volume were up by 6.9% year-on-year to 
33.85 million metric tons. Operating EBITDA per metric ton grew by 32% year-on-year to ₹966 
led by volume and realization growth, coupled with lower power, fuel and logistics cost. 
Coming on Financial Services business, Aditya Birla Capital's financial service portfolio 
continued to sharpen its focus on customer first execution. While leveraging cross-business 
synergies to strengthen outcomes, revenue for Q2 FY '26 grew by 3% year-on-year, led by 
growth in NBFC, Housing Finance and Health Insurance segments. Total lending portfolio, that 
is NBFC, and housing finance stood highest ever at nearly INR1,78,000 crores, up 29% year-

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
on-year. The NIMs have started to marginally improve quarter-on-quarter. Total assets under 
management of AMC, Life and Health insurance grew by 10% year-on-year at nearly 
INR550,000 crores. 
Talking about Other businesses, firstly, textile revenue grew by 6% year-on-year to INR586 
crores. The business has demonstrated remarkable turnaround, returning to profitability with 
EBITDA of INR24 crores due to normalization of input prices in linen segment. Just as a 
reference, this business historically demonstrated 8% to 10% EBITDA margins. 
Coming to renewable business, Aditya Birla renewables revenue nearly doubled on a year-on-
year basis to INR259 crores, led by newer capacities and onetime revenue of INR50 crores on 
account of rate differential. The business current peak capacity stood at nearly 2 gigawatt and is 
laying the foundation for a greener, more resilient India. It is also playing its part in the group's 
collective transition to a sustainable energy future. 
Let me now briefly touch upon the capex. Grasim has outlined a capex outlay of INR2,263 crores 
for FY '26, of which INR941 crores was deployed in first half of financial year '26. The lyocell 
capacity expansion with the cellulosic fiber business is progressing as scheduled and remains on 
course for commissioning by mid-2027. 
On sustainability front, happy to share that Birla Cellulosic Fiber division of Grasim has received 
the highest rating of “Dark Green Shirt” in the Canopy's Hot Button Report for the sixth 
consecutive year, reflecting its focus on sustainability. We remain committed to continuously 
elevating our sustainability performance. A key thrust will be to improve the capacity share of 
renewable energy and increasing recycled water usage to structurally reduce our dependence on 
freshwater. These shifts are integral to embedding resources efficiency into our operating model 
and strengthening long-term environmental resilience. 
On the balance sheet side, net debt declined by INR292 crores and stood at INR6,861 crores as 
on 30th September 2025 as against INR7,153 crores as on 30th June 2025. Stand-alone net debt 
to TTM EBITDA stood at 2.19x as against 2.41x.  
With this, we open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. First question is from Avi Mehta from Macquarie. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir, my questions were on the paint business, especially wanted to better understand your 
thoughts post the resignation of Rakshit, in terms of the rough time line for the successor 
announcement, any change in growth strategy, aggression. I would love to hear your thoughts 
on that. And so the second question, if I can put it up front, is on the performance in the paint 
business in the quarter on a sequential basis. You did point towards market share gains, but the 
other peers who have announced have seen almost a 10% decline given the weak monsoon, weak 
environment, I would love to know how does the business stack up versus that? Those are the 
two questions. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Thank you, Avi. In the life of a professional, individuals take their call on where they want to 
build their career. Rakshit has helped Birla Opus from the very start of the business to build the 
project and in the initial phase of launch. Now Birla Opus has a very strong, high-performing 
team and will continue to stay course on the vision that has been announced to the market. I'd 
like to remind you the vision that the company has announced to the market, we have committed 
to be number two as well as profitable within three years of full-scale operation. We will stay 
course on that. 
As regards to the performance of quarter 2, this is our first time that we have faced a full monsoon 
season. And the first time we saw that the overall industry on a quarter-on-quarter basis has had 
a double-digit decline. And it is our internal estimate on a year-on-year basis. If you were to 
eliminate the performance of Birla Opus, the industry is slightly negative in performance. Our 
Birla Opus on a year-on-year basis had a significant growth, but on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
had a low single-digit decline, which was primarily during the periods of July and August. We 
turned back very strongly in the month of September as well as in the month of October, as I 
mentioned in my opening remarks. We are seeing very strong secondaries or movement of paint 
buckets from the dealer counter to the contractors and consumers and as well as return of the 
institutional business. We remain committed to growth, and we remain committed to the vision 
that has been articulated to the market. 
I forgot to tell that Rakshit be there with us until 5th of December. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Rahul Gupta from Morgan Stanley. 
Rahul Gupta: 
A couple of questions. First, just as a continuation on the Paints question earlier. Now that we 
are out of a pretty long and persistent monsoon season, how should one look at the industry 
demand for the second half? And to that extent, with Kharagpur now fully commercialized, how 
should we look at your ramp-up in second half from that perspective? So that's my first question. 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Thank you, Rahul. We are highly optimistic and results of September and October bear us out 
of a strong quarter 3, both on a year-on-year basis as well as a quarter-on-quarter basis. So our 
guidance is continued double-digit growth on a quarter-on-quarter basis and a significantly high 
growth on a year-on-year basis. As regards to our capacity, as we mentioned, we are at 1,332 
million liters per annum, with Kharagpur arrival in the short term, it will help managing our 
logistics costs and better servicing on the Eastern and Central India. But in the long term, our 
aim is to ensure that the volume market share and capacity market share converge all investments 
and all efforts, whether it's advertising, manpower, distribution, servicing and any new initiatives 
will be directed towards to match our volume market share closer to our capacity share. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Got it. Maybe we will revisit on the industry a quarter later. My second question is on B2B e-
commerce. See, the business is growing at a very fast pace. And if I look at this quarter numbers, 
the revenues are annualizing more than INR6,000 crores. Now you have guided for INR8,500 
crores for fiscal '27. Is there a case for this number getting revised up? Or will you be reaching 
this targeted number sooner than fiscal '27? So any color on this will be very helpful. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Sandeep Komaravelly: 
Thanks, Rahul. This Sandeep here. I think your observation is right. Our growth has been 
compared to what our expectations, I think we've been doing very well compared to our plan. 
We are on track. And I think our earlier recommendation was that we will achieve $1 billion 
scale in FY '27. There is a likely chance that we will get there and hit that milestone sooner. But 
for now, we are not changing any of our direction as of now. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Amit Gupta from ICICI Securities. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
This Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. So two questions. One on paints and the second on 
B2B commerce. On paints, if you could just give us more details about the number of dealers in 
this particular quarter versus the last quarter. And the reason I'm asking this because this time, 
Diwali was a little advanced. As you mentioned in your presentation, there is net addition to the 
number of accounts from 8,000 in the previous quarter to 10,000. The SKUs have gone up. The 
product portfolio has also expanded. But yet, sequentially, as you mentioned in your opening 
comments or to the previous question that there is a marginal lower single-digit kind of a drop 
in revenue. So how should one look at this in terms of the expanding network in the first place. 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Thank you, Navin. You're right. We have expanded our distribution network to beyond our 
original guidance of 8,500 towns to 10,000 towns. And we continue to be able to expand beyond 
urban into the rural and the small town category. As regards dealers, the way to look at it is either 
we measure dealers on a quarter-wise basis, or we measure on a month-wise basis. Your concern 
has been how is it that we have been expanding our reach, and it has not translated into revenue. 
To measure that, we should look at the number of dealers that have participated with us in 
September and October. And we've been growing dealer participation on a month-on-month 
basis. There was a lull in July and August, and it has returned back to a significant growth, 
almost a double-digit growth of dealer participation in September, and the same momentum has 
continued in the month of October. So, the overall number of dealers have continued to grow, if 
I were to measure the total number of dealers who participated in quarter two over quarter one. 
What is important is you will say the throughput may have fallen. The throughput may have 
fallen on a quarterly basis. But when we measure on a September basis, the throughput is back 
and both in September and in October, dealer throughput is at levels and slightly higher than 
what it was at quarter one. So, our focus is both expansion as well as depth of performance. And 
currently, while we are getting a lot of dealers to be able to sample our products and start using 
our products, there are dealers who have sustained with us now for more than one year. And 
almost 30% of the dealers are currently doing more than 40 to 80 products for us. And that 
number continues to grow. And the dealers, I'm very happy to report the dealers who have 
worked with us in the over one year, we've sustained a large percentage of them. So I hope that 
answers your question. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Just to clarify, if you could give us the number of dealers? And second is the traction that you 
said or rather a spurt that you've seen in September and October, is it led by the consumer style 
financing or the EMI options that you introduced a couple of months back? 
Himanshu Kapania: 
So those are factors which help in secondary sales. So I'll not mix the two certain topics that we 
first focus on primary sales, that is sales from companies to dealers. The number of dealers 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
participation has grown as well as number of products sold has grown, both in September and 
October. Now once this has grown, how has been the throughput different from our legacy 
companies, which have a track record, and they are able to force dealers to stock. Most of our 
dealers prefer to buy and keep a very low stock. So for them, the most important is throughput 
or secondary sales. And what has been encouraging for us is, number one, we have a central 
monitoring system of our tinting. And we are finding that the secondary on our tinting for dealers 
in September and October has been almost 120% to 130% of the volume that they purchased in 
September and October, showing a very strong secondary or throughput from the dealers on to 
customers as well as reducing their inventory significantly. That is part one. Second thing that 
has helped is assurance. So it is helping painters and contractors to be able to tell to customers 
of the assurance program. And we've had thousands of projects being registered in multiple 
stages of execution at this point of time, the Assurance plan. And the third is the new painting 
services. Both Assurance and painting services are secondary-based programs as well as dealer 
stocking and dealer purchase are the primary-based programs. So both are running strong. I hope 
that clarifies. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
My question second was on B2B e-commerce. So if you could just help us understand the private 
labels now are what percentage of our revenues, and in the same way then what's different from 
a technology or any other innovation that we are doing in this B2B ecommerce gives the 
confidence that we might be able to surpass the revenue target sooner. But that was my question. 
Sandeep Komaravelly: 
I'll answer your question on the innovation that we're doing and what gives us the confidence 
that we will grow and continue on this growth momentum. So look, as you're aware, we have 
built an integrated e-commerce platform, which fundamentally forms a digital backbone and 
connects pretty much every stakeholder in the entire ecosystem, starting from the brands, OEMs 
to our buyers who are consuming these products, logistics service providers who are actually 
moving the material to our lending partners who are providing financial solutions to all other 
network operators who plug into this backbone. And what this fundamentally helps us is in 
creating this end-to-end visibility, which is predominantly not there in most of the sectors or 
most of the materials that are fundamentally transacted today. And that, I think, is where our 
ability to provide bring in efficiency, ability to provide the best price, ability to provide the 
widest assortment, ability to provide a very reliable experience, all of that come into play. And 
this already showing up in the way our repeat transactions are happening in the way the buyers 
are coming back to our platform to keep buying. And just as an indication, all the buyers who 
we acquired last year, they've already purchased on an average more than twice the amount this 
year, giving us the confidence that whatever experience that we're delivering through both a 
combination of our assortment and our technology backbone is giving results. And I think that 
is one of the biggest reasons why we believe our growth momentum will continue. And to drive 
all of this, these are custom-built tech modules that we've built from the ground up, and they are 
very specific in terms of addressing the use cases that are for B2B. There are a bunch of solutions 
that have come up in the past for B2C ecommerce, but B2B e-commerce is a lot more complex. 
There are a lot more stakeholders. To fulfil a single transaction, it requires more than 30, 40 
touch points. and to orchestrate all of this in a system that is seamless is where our edge comes 
in. I hope that answers the question on innovation. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
On the second part or on the first part that you had asked about private labels, we are right now 
not breaking down our revenues into different product categories, and we will share that at the 
right moment. But I'll share this that our private label since the time of launch, they have seen 
very good acceptance. Most of the buyers who are coming to our platform to buy some of the 
bulk categories. As the project progresses, they have shown very good interest to continue that 
purchasing experience with us. They started buying behind the wall categories, and now they've 
also started buying the finishing categories. So we are currently operating in tiles, ply, bathware 
and faucetware, and we continue to increase our penetration there. What we've also seen is that 
we see great acceptance for these private labels in our retail channel. So, we fundamentally have 
two channels. One is the projects channel where we are able to directly supply materials to the 
site locations. And the other channel is our retail channel wherein we work with retailers who 
further then sell a lot of these finishing products to individual homebuilders or smaller 
contractors or smaller retailers. We've seen great acceptance for these private labels in the retail 
channels because they are seeing a great way to diversify their portfolio without having to do 
higher investment or having to keep inventory at their location, and that is what is driving 
acceptance of these private labels. So overall, I'd say all indicators are towards good experience, 
reliable experience.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Can you just tell us the number of distributors, your target was 50,000. Have you achieved that 
target? 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Yes, we are there. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. Okay. And how many of them would be monthly active distributors as in ordering at least 
once a month? 
Himanshu Kapania: 
We believe we are better than the industry standards. 
Percy Panthaki: 
In percentage terms? 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Yes, right. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Understood. And your guidance of INR10,000 crores turnover by FY '28, does that 
remain valid? 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Yes. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Understood. Also, just wanted to understand what is the next push in terms… See, 
when you started off, the first push was in terms of making the distribution available and 
increasing the number of distributors. Now more or less, that lever is sort of done. Of course, 
there will be some incremental growth there, but nothing major. So for the sales growth to 
continue double-digit on a Q-o-Q level, what is the next thing that you will focus on? What is 
the next lever which will drive this growth? 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Himanshu Kapania: 
I think this very typical of any business. Focus is on consumer. So you need a distributor or a 
dealer to be able to make sure the products are available at the right time at the right place. That 
activity, we have managed. So all our attention is moving to consumers. And there are two types 
of consumers. One is a painter contractor and second is direct homeowners. That's the reason 
why we continue to be the most visible brand amongst the most visible brand. And we are really 
happy to report that within a period of one year, this the last World Cup, then we started to 
advertise. And this World Cup, this happens with Women's World Cup, and we won both the 
World Cups. And in the results, we saw that we have top of mind recall, we are number 2 brand, 
which is the starting fact of consumers to be able to go and ask for Birla Opus at the dealer outlet. 
So that is the one step, and we believe 30% to 40% of the consumers make direct purchase of 
paints. Remaining 60% to 70% of the consumers do it with the help of the painters and 
contractors. So all our effort is to be able to attract maximum number of painters and contractors, 
ensure these painters contractors are able to experience our high performing products and 
superior products as well as able to offer to customers two very new services, number one, direct 
painting services from branded by us, which has transparent pricing, EMI as a GST bill. And 
Assurance where not only the customer gets product warranty, but he will get in the first year 
itself, if there is any problem, our commitment to not only replace product, but also cover his 
labor costs to be able to give assurance both to the painter and contractor as well as to consumers. 
So, all the focus of the business is to be able to do consumer-related activities. And that will help 
us in what is happening is that is helping us dealers who first joined and took a small percentage 
of our 192 products. And now we are getting dealers who are increasing the number of products 
that they're buying and offering to consumers.  
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from Manish Poddar from Invesco. 
Manish Poddar: 
So just wanted to get some sense, sir, let's say, because of this rainy season, has there been any 
sort of impact in this Q2 thing? And that is why you're calling out, let's say, the early part of the 
quarter was tapered. And despite you adding stores or adding distribution, you haven't seen 
performance to that extent. Because what is happening is the market always correlates 
individuals leaving at the top to the delivery of outcomes. And if that is, I'm just trying to get 
some sense on that. 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Understood, Manish. So let me first clarify. We believe that we have the best growth on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. Obviously, when you measure on a year-on-year basis, we are a triple-
digit growth. So that may not be so relevant. But on a quarter-on-quarter basis, we had a least 
decline when the industry had a double-digit decline. I had almost flat or slightly negative on 
decline basis. What is the reason for this decline? Broadly, whenever there is monsoons, the 
exterior products and institution business slows down. And that is our peak monsoons in July 
and August. So if a part of our business is not happening. That is the reason why the slowdown 
happens. And that is historic of industry. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, quarter 2 is amongst the 
slowest quarter for the industry, and we faced it for the first time. But having said that, we have 
to measure the overall industry on a year-on-year basis. If you were to remove Birla Opus 
performance, the industry has had a slightly negative growth is what our assessment is based on 
various feedback that we've got from the market. Not every company has yet reported their 
financial results. But whatever our study of the market is against but, with Birla Opus, there has 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
been a low single-digit growth that has happened, and Birla Opus continues to help grow the 
market at this point of time. I hope that answers the question. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Wealth. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
I have two questions on chemicals. Sir, the first is when we see our EBITDA run rate for 
chemicals, like last year, we were at anywhere between INR250 crores to INR300 crores. And 
today, when we see we have inched up to anywhere between INR350 crores to INR400 crores. 
So just want to understand from you that when can we again start seeing the meaningful 
improvement in the EBITDA run rate for chemicals? And if you can explain this in context of, 
(a) chlorine value-added products. So is there any scope for improvement in per kg margins here. 
(b) newer capacities like ECH and CPVC and when it should start contributing meaningfully? 
And (c) whether the benefit of the power cost reduction with our shift to renewables is optimally 
achieved or there is a further scope of improvement? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
So, I'll go in reverse order of your questions to the extent I remember all of them. So firstly, we 
are at about 24%, 25% renewable level as of now, right? If I look at all that we have and all the 
state-level regulations, we expect that in the next three years, we should be able to technically 
get to 40%. And I use the word technically because we have not yet envisaged those projects. 
We have not yet signed the PPAs, but that would be a kind of aspirational level for the next 3 
years. I can't forecast because, as you know, every state has its own regulation on banking, 
billing, surcharges, etcetera. But we think that the current 25% has feasibility to reach the 40%. 
Then I think your second last question was ECH. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yes, when it should start meaningfully contributing in terms of the operating profits? 
Jayant Dhobley: 
So that ECH and CPVC would be meaningfully contributing from Q1 of next financial year. We 
will be mechanical complete by Q3, worst case situation in January, but the start-up times of 
these plants are long and complicated. And as you know that some of it are -there are safety risks 
as well. So we expect that meaningful contribution will happen from first quarter of next 
financial year. 
Then I think you had a question on chlorine derivative profitability. Rather large basket of 
products, right? We have probably the largest basket of chlorine derivatives in India. And some 
of them are pretty seasonal because, for example, water treatment and monsoon has a higher 
season, right? Plastics has another high season. So I think these are mature products. It's not like 
you're going to see breakthrough profitability in any of these traditional chlorine derivatives, but 
it is necessary for us to do them so that we can get the caustic utilization rates that we want. 
And then your very first question was around what could be the catalyst for the next step 
improvement, I think, in profitability. And Nirav, the honest answer to that is it essentially 
depends on chloride, given our large exposure still to the chloralkali business. It's a combination 
of caustic prices and chlorine demand in India. That is the most meaningful factor that drives 
our results. And the business of predicting caustic prices for a long time is very tricky. So far, 
we can make our best estimates, but it's a tricky business. 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Jai Doshi from Kotak. 
Jai Doshi: 
My question is generally on market share trends. Now last year, during the course of the year on 
a Q-o-Q basis, you were adding 100, 150 basis points of market share every quarter. It seems to 
have moderated to about 20 basis points starting this year. So is this entirely the difference 
between primary, secondary? That's my first question. 
Second is, is there a risk that it decelerates further? Or you think that you will be able to gain 20, 
30 basis point market share Q-o-Q from here onwards over the next few quarters as well. And 
lastly, mathematically, for you to sort of INR10,000 crores in FY '28 means 13%, 14% market 
share. So whereas if I understand correctly, you may be at 6.5% today, gaining 20, 30 basis 
points quarter-on-quarter. So what do you think from here can sort of drive acceleration in 
sequential market share trends for you? 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Thank you, Jai. I'm not sure how you're doing your calculations and how you're arriving at 
quarter 1, 20 basis point or quarter 2 at a slow market share growth. So first and foremost, I want 
to register the revenue reporting of paint companies has 3 broad components: decorative paints, 
putty business as well as industrial paints. Now we have a fair bit of idea of their industrial 
paints, some of them are also reporting a breakup between industrial and decorative paints. Now 
with decorative paints and putty business of the legacy players and decorative paints and putty 
business of Birla White, our assessment is we have grown very significantly. And last quarter, 
we had talked about reaching double digit, and we have grown more than 700 to 800 basis points 
in this quarter further. So, we are there. And on a stand-alone basis, our assessment is we will 
be in quarter 4 to quarter 1 of next year, double digit. We are trying to reach this in the quarter 
4. But we are between quarter 4 of this year or quarter 1 of next year, we should be in a double-
digit number. And our degree of confidence remains solid around there. So you may have your 
own internal calculations and the number that you are giving us as the end market share is quite 
different from the numbers that we have on our internal calculation basis. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 
Prateek Kumar: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, on PSF segment and caustic, the performance on a 
cumulative basis remains range bound like last few quarters. Do you see any figures which could 
provide any positive change in performance in this business. Some of it you have already alluded 
and like answered that. 
Vadiraj Kulkarni: 
Yes. See, we expect a slightly better performance in Q3. But obviously, there are a lot of ifs and 
buts in terms of U.S. tariffs, in terms of global pulp prices. We expect stability and a slightly 
better performance for Q3. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay. Also, another question is on resignation of Rakshit, which comes as a big surprise to 
anyone who has been tracking Birla Opus closely. My question is, should investor view this 
transition as a natural phase in generally difficult competitive business or as inflection point of 
any refreshed strategy? 

 
 
Grasim Industries Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Himanshu Kapania: 
It's a natural phase of professionals growing in their career. This will have no impact on the 
business and business will be as usual. And there will be no change in the growth strategy. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Rashi from Citigroup. 
Rashi: 
I just had a clarification. When you're saying that the paints industry has grown at low single 
digits in the second quarter, and it's negative, excluding Birla Opus. This just decorative 
organized paints or adding putty as well? 
Himanshu Kapania: 
Yes, including putty. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Due to time constraints, we'll have to take that as the last question. On 
behalf of Grasim Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
