 
 
 
 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400 001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai–400 051 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the post results earnings call held on November 6, 2025, pursuant to 
regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the Listing Regulations, please find attached the 
transcript of the Company’s Q2 FY26 post results earnings call held on November 6, 2025. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
DHAVAL N. SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MEMBERSHIP NO. FCS7063 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA 
SONI
Digitally signed by 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI 
Date: 2025.11.13 
11:07:21 +05'30'

 
1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q2 FY26  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
November 6, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. TUSHAR SHROFF – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED  
                                           MR. ALOK GARG - MD OFFICE, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
2 of 20 
 
Ganesh Nayak: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  It's my pleasure to welcome you all to the 
post results teleconference for the second quarter ended September 30th, 2025.  
For today's call, we have with us, Dr. Sharvil Patel - Managing Director, Mr. 
Tushar Shroff - CFO, Mr. Arvind Bothra - Head of Investor Relations and Mr. Alok 
Garg from the Managing Director's office.  To begin with, let me now give you a 
broad overview of the developments during the quarter.   
 
I'm happy to inform you that we delivered robust financial performance during 
the quarter with healthy growth across our key business segments. Our US 
formulations business delivered strong double-digit year-on-year growth driven 
by volume expansion and new products launched over the last 18 months. Our 
branded formulations business in India sustained growth momentum, outpacing 
the market growth for yet another quarter. The business has outperformed the 
market growth over the last several quarters. In the consumer wellness space, 
we made our first international acquisition by acquiring the UK-based Comfort 
Click Limited (CCL). This strategic move will significantly strengthen our 
international presence across key markets of the UK, EU, and the US. CCL is 
among the fastest growing digital consumer healthcare platforms in the VMS i.e. 
vitamins, minerals, and supplements space, and derives most of its revenues 
from e-commerce and D2C channels. Our international markets formulations 
business delivered strong growth for yet another quarter on the back of robust 
execution excellence across markets.  
 
With that, let me take you through the financial numbers for the quarter gone 
by. We registered consolidated revenues of Rs. 61.2 billion up 17% on a year-on-
year basis. Excluding the acquisition impact, the growth was in double digits. Our 
operating profitability continued to remain strong with an EBITDA margin of 
32.9% during the quarter, which is an improvement of 500 basis points on a year-
on-year basis. Consequently, EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 20.2 billion, up 
38% on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA margin for the first half stood at 32.3%. Net 
profit for the quarter was Rs. 12.6 billion, up 38% year-on-year.  
 
Now, let me take you through the operating highlights for the second quarter of 
FY26 for our key business segments. Our US business registered revenues of Rs. 
27.4 billion during the quarter, up 14% year-on-year. We filed six ANDAs, 
received four approvals, including one tentative approval, and launched seven 
new products during the quarter. On the specialty front, in October ‘25, we 
launched Beizray, albumin-solubilized docetaxel injection, further strengthening 
our 505(b)(2) portfolio. We remain committed to expand our specialty portfolio 
going forward and address diverse healthcare needs of patients. We received the 
first Notice of Compliance (NOC) approval, in Canada during the quarter with 
receipt of NOC from Health Canada for Varenicline tablets, 0.5 and 1 mg. We 
have received three NOCs from Health Canada so far, including two received in 
October ‘25.  

 
3 of 20 
 
 
As mentioned earlier, the branded formulations business in India grew faster 
than the market during the quarter, with 9% year-on-year growth driven by 
sustained traction in innovation products and pillar brands. Chronic segment 
continued to grow at a faster pace, driving the overall growth of the business. In 
terms of therapeutic performance, the business grew faster than the market in 
key therapies of cardiology, gynecology, and in the super specialty area of 
oncology.  
 
On the super specialty front, we continue to retain leadership position in the 
oncology therapy. Contribution of chronic portfolio has increased consistently 
over the last several years and stood at 44.5% as per IQA MAT September ‘25, an 
improvement of 500 basis points over the last three years.  
 
During the quarter, we launched VaxiFlu, India's first trivalent influenza vaccine 
for flu protection, aligning with the global recommendations of WHO. Flu 
remains a significant global health concern of seasonal influenza, causing 3 to 5 
million cases annually of severe illness with 290,000 to 650,000 respiratory 
deaths annually.  
 
In the consumer wellness space, acquisition of Comfort Click marked our entry 
into the high growth VMS segment. VMS market in Europe is estimated to be 
around £11 billion. CCL's business portfolio comprises of three brands viz. 
WeightWorld, which includes plant-based supplements, vitamins and minerals, 
collagen, omegas, probiotics, and micronutrients, and sports nutrition for adults. 
Maxmedix, a specialty VMS gummy brand, which caters to all pediatric 
nutritional requirements, and Animigo, a natural pet VMS brand, which offers a 
range of pet care products. The acquisition will enhance the company's digital 
business platform and is well positioned to benefit from rising health awareness 
and the growing focus on preventive healthcare. Overall, the consumer wellness 
business recorded revenues of Rs. 6.4 billion, up 31% year-on-year.  
 
Our international markets formulations business posted revenues of Rs. 7.5 
billion, with a strong year-on-year growth of 39%. Growth was broad-based 
across regions with strong demand-driven performance in both emerging 
markets and Europe, supported by focused execution.  
 
On the MedTech front, recently in October ‘25, we acquired the remaining 14.4% 
stake in Amplitude Surgical after acquiring 85.6% during Q2 FY26 and completed 
100% acquisition of the company. Going ahead, we are looking to expand our 
presence in focused areas of orthopedics, nephrology, and cardiology.  
 
 
On the operations front, our oncology injectable manufacturing facility located at 
SEZ-1 Ahmedabad and Baddi formulations facility received EIR reports with 
voluntary action indicated from the USFDA against the inspections conducted in 
June ‘25 and August ‘25, respectively.  

 
4 of 20 
 
 
This concludes the business review. I would now request Dr. Sharvil Patel to take 
you through the key drivers across businesses as well as initiatives in our 
innovation programs. Thank you.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you, Mr. Nayak. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It's a pleasure to 
have you all on the call today. We are pleased with our performance during the 
quarter and the first half of fiscal ‘26. The business continued to demonstrate 
strong growth momentum driven by consistent performance across segments 
and underpinned by robust operating profitability. We are on track to achieve 
our targeted top-line growth and profitability for the current financial year. We 
remain committed to accelerating innovation that drives our long-term growth 
across our businesses and are guided by our strategic vision of going beyond the 
pill to meet diverse patient needs and deliver superior outcomes for all 
stakeholders.  
 
In the US generics market, we consistently scaled our presence by building a 
diversified portfolio across multiple dosage forms through in-house development 
as well as partnerships. Our growing presence in the specialty through 505(b)(2) 
product development initiatives and a sharpened focus on the pediatric rare 
diseases, underscores our commitment to broadening patient access and 
delivering differentiated therapies. With strong customer relationships and a 
flexible manufacturing network and agile supply chain and disciplined cost 
management, our US business is well positioned for sustained long-term growth.  
 
On the India front, our branded formulations business has been growing ahead 
of market over the last several quarters. We are committed to building on this 
momentum by deepening our presence in key therapy areas through multiple 
growth levers. Backed by a rich and diverse innovation pipeline, we continue to 
deliver differentiated solutions that address unmet patient needs and expand 
our reach across a broader customer base.  
 
In the consumer wellness space, we aim to empower consumers to integrate 
wellness-driven products into their journey towards better health. Acquisition of 
Comfort Click Limited marks a significant step in the wellness domain. Through 
this acquisition, we look forward to enhance our global capabilities, expand our 
footprint in digital health and personalized wellness, and pioneer scalable, 
sustainable models that redefine the future of well-being.  
 
The international markets formulations business, which comprises of different 
countries of emerging markets and Europe, have emerged as another resilient 
pillar of growth and continues to grow in strong double digits over the last 
several quarters. In the emerging markets, we have adopted a focused, therapy-
led approach, tailoring the offerings to meet the needs of specific markets and, in 
turn, build a more agile, market-responsive portfolio. In Europe, the focus 
remains on expanding our offerings and enhancing the market coverage.  

 
5 of 20 
 
 
In the MedTech space, we have identified cardiology, nephrology, and 
orthopedics as the focus areas to execute our global strategy. We shall leverage 
Amplitude’s portfolio in Orthopaedics space to offer various value-added 
innovation to meet diverse patient needs, for surgeons and healthcare facilities 
across different geographies globally. On the cardiology front, we look forward to 
expanding our portfolio, and in the nephrology space, we are putting up a facility 
for producing high-end membranes for dialysis to meet the global demand.  
 
With this, let me share some other material developments on the innovation 
front during the quarter.  
 
 On our NCE research front, we reported a positive top-line result from the 
Pivotal EPICS-III Phase 2(b)/3 trial of Saroglitazar Magnesium in patients with PBC 
for the US market. The trial met the primary endpoint with a statistically 
significant treatment difference in the percentage of patients achieving a 
clinically meaningful biochemical response with Saroglitazar compared to 
placebo. We are on track to file the new drug application for Saroglitazar with 
the USFDA in Quarter 4 of FY26.  
 
On the vaccines front, we have received regulatory approval to initiate Phase II 
clinical trials for our Bivalent Typhoid Conjugate vaccine in India.  
 
Thank you, and now we will start with the Q&A session. Over to the coordinator 
for the Q&A.  
 
Question & Answer Session: 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait for a few 
minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to restrict to two 
questions and then return to the queue for more questions. While asking 
questions, we request you to please identify yourself and your company. Please 
raise your hand from the Participant tab on the screen to ask the question. 
 
The first question is from Devang.  
Mr. Devang: 
Good evening, Sir. Sir, there has been a significant increase of about 32% in other 
operating expenses. Could you elaborate, key drivers here, what aided these 
expenses?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, Tushar, can you take that?  
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
Yeah, sure. So, during this particular quarter, we had acquisitions, we completed 
the acquisitions of Amplitude and CCL. The Amplitude was for two months and 
CCL for one month, which has resulted into the increase in the other operating 
expenses. As well as we had… because of the M&A activities, there were project-
specific expenses, which also resulted into the increase in the overall operating 

 
6 of 20 
 
expenses for the quarter. Those expenses were not there in the previous quarter. 
And we expect the run-rate going forward, post-acquisition, to be at about 1,500 
to 1,550 crores.  
Mr. Devang: 
Thank you, sir. My second question is, could you please elaborate the rationale 
behind proposed fundraising initiative? Is the company evaluating any large 
acquisition opportunity or strategic investment in either domestic or 
international market?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, the key objective is to deleverage our balance sheet by reducing our existing 
debt. Also, there are strategic moves, which will enhance our financial ability and 
agility to strengthen our capital structure, positions us better for future growth. 
Also, the board has approved the enabling QIP resolution to allow us to have the 
flexibility to tap capital markets, which are when required. And more 
importantly, we also have potentially, as we have always stated, opportunities to 
look at the US specialty business and scaling it up beyond Saroglitazar. 
 Also, opportunities in the international market, specifically Europe, and also 
some more innovative assets that we are looking at. So, this will allow us the 
capability to execute on some of these.  
Mr. Devang: 
Sir, can you elaborate the potential deal size? In what band you are looking?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we don't have currently any immediate actionable deal. So, but as I said, the 
key areas is US specialty, international markets, and obviously, specific brands for 
India if any opportunity arises, and also our adjacency areas that we are working 
on, on the med devices side.  
Mr. Devang: 
Sir, lastly on Saroglitazar, can you please share the management perspective on 
the US market's opportunity size in the PBC, given Gilead recent acquisition of 
Livdelzi for $4.5 billion? What is your view on the transaction in context to 
Saroglitazar’s commercial potential and market positioning in the same 
indication?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, there are two approved drugs on the market today for PBC; we would be the 
potentially the third-to-market. We see this as a tremendous opportunity with 
the current, the use of medicines for PBC has seen a big uptick. And so, we are 
seeing a good traction for this class of drugs, and we are quite excited with the 
potential launch that we will see in about 14 to 15 months from now. So, we see 
it as a large, sizable opportunity and an unmet need that exists, and with our 
clinical evidence, we should be able to have a level playing field.  
Mr. Devang:  
Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Bino. 

 
7 of 20 
 
Mr. Bino: 
Hi, good afternoon. Sharvil bhai, would you give some idea about how Revlimid 
and Myrbetriq panned out? Has Revlimid come off from last quarter? And what 
is your expectation for next two quarters?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, Revlimid for the next two quarters, will not see any meaningful numbers as it 
was in the first quarter. So, it has significantly come off in terms of its sales. 
Substantial portion happened in Quarter 4 of last year and Quarter 1 of this year. 
And we are trailing quantities in this quarter and next quarter. But Quarter 4 
onwards, obviously, there will be genericization.  
 
On Myrbetriq, we are seeing good traction and steady market share increase. So, 
we are quite pleased with the performance.  
Mr. Bino: 
Got it. So, you said generic Revlimid in Q2 is significantly lower than Q1?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  
Mr. Bino: 
Okay. And do we have yet a clear visibility about how the US revenues will pan 
out into FY27, given that Revlimid is not there? Myrbetriq remains unpredictable. 
Do we have a confidence that the US revenues organically can grow FY27 over 
FY26?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think obviously, it is subject to the court decision, and we have to wait till 
February for the court decision to come. But, as I said, we believe that with the 
current pipeline of products that are supposed to come and the new launches, 
we will be able to maintain our current pace.  
Mr. Bino: 
I understood. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will wait for a few seconds to for the question queue to assemble. 
If anybody wants to ask the question, please raise your hand from the Participant 
tab.  
 
The next question is from Annamalai Natarajan.  
Mr. Annamalai N: 
Hello, sir. Good evening. First of all, thank you very much to have a detailed 
discussion on this. And congratulations for giving good results. Sir, my first 
question is on your US revenues being come for 45% of your...  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Mr. Natarajan, for some reason, I'm getting your voice is coming in.  
Mr. Annamalai N: 
There is a 14% decrease quarter-on-quarter… 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think we're not able to hear you well, so maybe we can get a better line. 

 
8 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, we would request you to join back in the line for the same. The next 
question is from Neha Manpuria.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. So, first on the MedTech business. In the 
opening comments, you mentioned wanting to expand presence in Nephro, 
cardiology along with Ortho. Could you give us some colour on how we see this 
evolving after Amplitude? When should we start seeing? What can we do? In 
Nephro, I think you're setting up a facility, but in cardiology, will it be another 
acquisition? And how should we look at the entire MedTech business evolving 
for Zydus, let's say, in a three-year perspective?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, for the orthopedics, obviously, we hope to bring the portfolio of Amplitude 
into more geographies and continue to strengthen their position in Europe with 
more market access. We are very close to… also we have a future launch with 
our robot. So, I think that is also going to also pave way for future entry into 
both, further market share increase in Europe, specifically France, and then also 
we take it to Australia, India, and other markets. And also build our front end in 
India in the orthopedic space. So, we believe Amplitude acquisition will allow us 
to commercialize this and grow in double digits for the business.  
 
On the cardiovascular side, we already have the stents business that we have, 
and we have both drug-eluting stents and normal stents, and we will also have 
future drug-eluting balloons. And also, TAVI, which we have in-licensed, and we 
are going through a clinical development for Europe, and also a potential launch 
in India for TAVI for intervention cardiology. So, that's how we will continue to 
build on the cardiovascular side.  
 
And Nephro, the facility will get commissioned in the coming year, and then we 
hope to start filing for the dialyzers for both India and for future European 
markets as well.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. And historically, if you were to look at, let's say, the European 
market. How much of a risk is pricing regulations in your assessment? Has there 
been instances? Because we've seen it in probably pharmaceuticals, I'm not so 
sure about MedTech. But is that a risk that we need to sort of keep in mind, price 
control or price regulations for MedTech in Europe? Any colour there?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
 Yes, every, like generics, there is price regulation. Yeah, so as generics are there 
in medical devices, there is every three to four years price negotiation. We did 
have a 3-4% kind of price reduction in France, which is sort of normal as it 
happens every three to four years. So yeah, that is some part and parcel of it. We 
do believe that going forward, it will be in similar lines as we move forward. 
 And we do see a lot of potential on cost reduction in Amplitude, by today what 
they're outsourcing as well as how they're sourcing. So we do see a benefit of 

 
9 of 20 
 
Zydus bringing in significant cost reduction to improve our margins and 
profitability there, and also gain more market share.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. And based on the comment that you made in fundraising, is it fair to 
assume that your priority for any M&A would actually be the specialty business 
in US and Europe over, let's say, you know, something in MedTech? Would that 
be a fair assumption?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Both are important, but yes, our first priority will remain the specialty in US, 
Europe.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
And in specialty, what areas would be focused on? I mean, which are the 
therapies or segments that you're looking at for acquisition? Any particular focus 
areas? I mean, part of it would be for PBC? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
For us, we have, I mean, so we are in, obviously, pediatric rare disease. So that's 
one area that remains important, but we don't see any very large ticket item 
there. The area which we are looking at is gastroenterology as a call point, and 
we are seeing how do we see if we can build some capability there through 
strategic acquisition. Also, we have Usnoflast in ALS and also Recurrent 
Pericarditis. So we see some opportunity also in the CNS or in the cardiology 
space. So I think these are some of the areas in the Super specialty, the specialty 
side that we will focus on in the US.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
I'm sorry, one last question. What would be given specialty assets don't come 
cheap, what would be your… when I think about sort of target net debt to 
EBIDTA, what is the level of leverage that you would be okay with, given the deal 
size that comes your way?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So currently, we don't have immediate, something that we can really talk about. 
But obviously, we are looking at a commercial capability in the US through the 
commercially launched products, which is either EBITDA neutral or EBITDA 
positive. And that's what we will look to do.  
 
And in terms of our net debt to EBITDA ratio, we have always said that, without 
any acquisition, we don't want to cross one time, and for a short period of time, 
we can go two times and obviously then obviously reduce our net debt to one 
time. So that's the kind of range of spend that we'll look at.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Kunal Dhamesha.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, thanks. Thank you for the opportunity. First one on Saroglitazar in PBC. Now 
that you would have some details on the results, etc., if you could share how 
does our molecule compare with the currently marketed therapies? And what 

 
10 of 20 
 
are the opportunity areas that we are seeing in terms of positioning the 
molecule?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, as I said, on Saroglitazar for PBC, we did meet our primary endpoint. I think 
the main results will be declared in one of the major conferences, because that's 
how we would like to release the data in a proper conference. So that will 
happen either most probably in the May ESL or maybe something before that. 
But in the coming calendar year… And that's where we will put out our results. 
But we are quite happy with the results in terms of what we have seen.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. And now that the Phase III trial is over, do we expect our R&D intensity to 
kind of go down a bit from where we were in the last 3-4 quarters?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Not really, because we still continue with our studies on Saroglitazar. We still 
continue with the new phase 2b for Usnoflast. We are adding Recurrent 
Pericarditis as a next trial. So no, I don't think we will see any major reduction in 
R&D because of this. 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. And beyond Saroglitazar, I think the next in the pipeline would be CUTX-
101. Is that fair understanding?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
CUTX-101 has completed all work. Yeah, so that will be, we are potentially 
looking at a fourth quarter or first quarter launch next year.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Quarter 4 or quarter 1 of next year, which is calendar year or fiscal year?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, between Jan to June, we will see a launch, exactly.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Jan to June of 2026?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Yeah. Okay. So, that would be the first one and Saroglitazar would be potentially 
the second one? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, you're right.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
And sir, with let's say getting a good trial result, would you be open to leveraging 
these molecules for other developed markets in terms of partnership or your 
own venture into other developed markets? How should we think about that?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. So, for them, for Saroglitazar specifically, we will look at other markets 
where we don't have direct access through partnership. And also, we already 
have direct market access partnerships for our rare disease portfolio. We'll also 
build that for CUTX-101.  

 
11 of 20 
 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sure. So, do we have anything like any potential partners, etc., with whom 
the talks for Saroglitazar are ongoing, given that we have trial results, etc.? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think, we will, we have opportunities and options in mind but we will wait for 
our publications, and then and our filing before we initiate some of these.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure and sir, if I can squeeze in? On the QIP or the or the fundraise resolution 
what are the areas? I think you suggested specialty and MedTech but do we have 
more of an upper cap on MedTech at this point in time that these are the 2-3 
areas that we want to invest in and then kind of execute it and see where it 
goes? How do you think from a let's say next 2-3 year perspective? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Our current priority will be US specialty and international market opportunity. 
MedTech, we don't have anything immediate, so that is not something 
immediate. But obviously, we continue to be opportunistic there.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sure. Okay, thank you and all the best. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Damayanti Kerai.  
Ms. Damayanti Kerai: 
Hi, good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. I hope I'm audible? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  
Ms. Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay, so my first question is, can you update us on three of your focused 
segments which are injectables, transdermals and vaccines, in terms of progress 
in last few years? And then what is the current contribution at the consolidated 
level and how do you see these segments growing in medium term?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, on the transdermal side, we have obviously launched hormonal patches as 
well as Rivastigmine and Scopolamine as the critical patches. So, we have four 
approvals for that. We have remaining capacity and launch for these molecules 
as well. One more hormonal patch and one Clonidine. And the business is doing 
well. It's a sticky business. We continue to hold good market share on that. So, I 
think that's going well and we have also filing plans for remaining one or two 
products, and we have capacities built for that.  
 
With respect to our injectables piece, obviously we have had not any substantial 
launches in the last 12 months because we had facility challenges, but we have 
niche products launched in the US through partners and also we have just 
launched our first 505(b)(2) in the injectable space which is Beizray, which can 
potentially be quite a significant product for us in the specialty injectable side. 
And with facilities coming out of issues, we see very important launches over the 
next two to three years, both from simple vials, PFS, cartridge and pen device 
products, as well as also products which are dyes related. So, we have a lot of 
products that we have in the pipeline for launch where we could have limited 

 
12 of 20 
 
competition in some of them. And it's still an under scaled business. We believe 
in the next three years we will see it meaningfully scale up the injectable side of 
our business in the US.  
 
With respect to vaccines, we are a strong Indian vaccines player. We have the flu 
as well as rabies as the two important products that are sizable today. With the 
winning of the MR tender, MR also becomes a very important immunization 
program vaccine for us. We have TCV which is approved and pre-qualified. So, we 
are also going to participate in TCV global tenders, and potentially also MR global 
tenders going forward. And the flu vaccine is doing extremely well. We are the 
first company to launch the trivalent flu vaccine now and we see significant 
market share for Zydus vaccine in India. So that's how we are scaling up vaccines. 
I think, as I have said before, in two years, it will become a very meaningful part 
of our business. It's already tracking very well and we are seeing good traction by 
winning these tenders. 
Ms. Damayanti Kerai: 
But vaccine mostly remains India-focused business, right, and your international 
part is yet to pick up.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Today rabies is partly export as well. But other than that, currently it is India-
focused. I think by FY27–28 you will see public market access to global tenders 
and we will see more foray of our vaccines in global market. 
Ms. Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay, so in medium term, when you say these will be sizable, so that will be 
broadly what 10-15 percent of consolidated number, or how should we look at 
that in terms of contribution at top line?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Which part? You're talking about, all three combined?  
Ms. Damayanti Kerai: 
Yeah, maybe injectables is something I guess which sounds more promising. So 
maybe from injectables if you can give some thoughts.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I say, injectables, we still need two years, at least two years to scale up. I would 
say they will be part of our overall generic strategy. We don't drive injectables as 
a separate strategy. So, part of our portfolio forms oral solids, topicals, 
injectables, transdermals, and that's how we are building the portfolio. So it's not 
a focus by that, it's focused by the value and product that we launch. We do have 
a lot of 505(b)(2) ideas on injectables on which we see traction. So, as you said, 
the Beizray product is our first launch which we are very excited about. And 
potentially, you will get to see more of these opportunities in the next couple of 
years. So, with 505(b)(2) as well as 505(b)(2) injectables plus generic injectables it 
will be meaningful. 

 
13 of 20 
 
Ms. Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure, that's helpful. My last question is on Comfort Click acquisition. So how do 
you see this portfolio scaling up, in again, say next three to five years? And what 
will be the key growth levers here?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, Comfort Click is a D2C platform for fast-growing vitamins, minerals and 
supplements business. It's a very strong Europe-driven business. It is the largest 
market share on the online platform in Europe. So, this allows us to be present in 
the D2C digital VMS market. It also has a very strong own loyal platform business 
that it does and it's also scaling up meaningfully. So that also helps us in terms of 
building it. CCL does enjoy very strong brand recognition and high customer 
loyalty and retention, and we believe that this product portfolio and business is 
strongly positioned towards the high-growth area that exists for VMS. And we 
are quite bullish with how we can scale up not only Europe where they are very 
strong, but also launch in more markets in the Middle East, US and other 
geographies. And they have gained significant share and lead the lion's share of 
the business, and we hope they can continue to build that in other markets also. 
Ms. Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure, so it's basically market expansion plus improving the reach within the 
existing? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, and so far it has three assets. One is WeightWorld, which is, then the second 
is the animal, I mean pet supplements, and then third is pediatric or the children 
gummy bear kind of range. So one of them is scaled up, the other two still need 
to scale up. So yeah, we have plenty of opportunity. I think, the key thing would 
be to focus and make sure we continue to build a market presence from there.  
Ms. Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure, thank you. This is very helpful. I'll get back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from Saion Mukherjee.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Hi, good afternoon. Dr. Sharvil, you mentioned about the specialty business is 
one area where you would probably like to invest. In the current context where 
there are some concerns on pricing, particularly in the US market, tariff is still 
uncertain, does that in any way change your view around specialty and do you 
consider it at high risk? And how you're factoring in that risk in case you want to 
make a big capital commitment for that market? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, from our point of view, in the space we are in, the price is already very well 
established by the incumbent players. So, it's a rare disease business. So I think it 
has a very different connotation. We believe that, currently, we don't see any 
major pricing challenge when it comes to the indication that we are working for. 
And there is already precedence there that exists. So, I don't see that as today's 
concern for us.  
And we see whenever we are looking at anything in the 
Specialty, we are obviously looking at the importance of what pricing could be in 

 
14 of 20 
 
the future, and that is going to be an important factor for us to make any kind of 
choices.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
And for Saroglitazar PBC launch. What is the kind of investment in terms of front 
end you need to make? Can you sort of… at least for the first year as you roll out 
the launch that we should model in our models? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think we still have to go through an NDA submission. We need to then wait 
and see whether we get fast track or we get… If it's fast track it's a  6 to 9 month 
launch. If it's a normal submission, it's a one-year launch. Depending on that 
obviously we need to then decide on scaling up our presence. So, what we are 
doing is the preoperative work right now in the US for preparing for Saroglitazar 
commercialization. But the feet-on-street and the real hiring will happen much 
later once we are more clearer towards launch. So, you would see that getting 
formulated in the next… as we present in the next financial year, we'll have much 
more clarity in terms of where we will be. As I said today, the major part is filing, 
and then maybe six months from then once we have a first review with the FDA, 
then talk about the ramp up.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
But can we assume like 50-100 kind of a field force that you need for this kind of 
a product, or do you think it could be more? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 60 to 80 kind of number. Yeah.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. And one more question I have actually, if I can? Essentially, if you have 
made significant investments in new areas, the business has expanded in terms 
of new verticals as well as geographic footprint like MedTech, Specialty etc. I 
mean, how do you ensure that there is enough management bandwidth so that 
execution is proper, given this very sudden and significant expansion that we 
have seen? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think, well, for us it is important to make sure we have the people and the 
process and the structure in place before we obviously do these things. So when 
it comes to our medical device or Amplitude acquisition, we have had a 
leadership position, as well as key people in the medical devices business over 
the last 12 to 15 months. So those positions have already been filled in the last 
15 months. Our leadership team in Amplitude will continue to work with us for 
the foreseeable future to build on to what they’ve already built. This was the 
team that built the business and they’re continuing. So there is business 
continuity in terms of the leadership team that exists in Amplitude, and they’re 
quite motivated to be there to scale this business up.  I think we are similarly 
the same I can say about Comfort Click acquisition; the leadership team that built 
the business from zero to now are also committed over the next five years to 
take it to the next level of growth and size and scale.  

 
15 of 20 
 
 
On the specialty front, more than two years, we have had a commercial head in 
space, we have a regulatory person, a medical director. We already have Sentynl 
which has all other core capabilities on pricing and market access.  
 
So, I think for the majority of the businesses that we have or we are building, we 
already had leadership in place, or the incumbents are ready to continue with us 
for the foreseeable future. So, I think, from that point of view, we not only 
obviously have the acquisition, but we also have the key talent staying with us. 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
And this talent, especially for the acquired entity like Comfort Click and 
Amplitude, how are you incentivizing? Is there a stock option available for the 
leadership team that they continue?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, there is a long-term incentive plan for all of them.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
And just a related question, for the consumer business, do you think it makes 
sense, at some point, to list the MedTech business, because that seemed to be 
something very different from pharma which is your core business?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think once it attains certain scale and certain revenues, we will potentially look 
at how to further expand it. So maybe not in the near term, but yeah, that we’ll 
see as we continue to stitch together more opportunities for MedTech.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vamsi.  
Mr. Vamsi: 
Hello sir. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. Most of my questions have been 
answered. But I just wanted to know with regards to Saroglitazar. So, is there any 
update regarding the drug’s capability to address pruritus and fatigue also?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Sorry, what is the second point you said?  
Mr. Vamsi: 
Fatigue sir, fatigue.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So I think, as I said, the primary endpoint has been met. The key secondary 
endpoints as well as the other benefits, obviously we would talk about it more 
once we have the right publications done. So, I think we will be able to talk more 
about some of these things in the future once the data is out. 
Mr. Vamsi: 
That’s it sir. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vishal Manchanda.  
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
As I can see in the balance sheet, our intangible assets under development has 
doubled in the last six months, from 1,300 crores to 2,600 crores. So, can you 

 
16 of 20 
 
share some colour on what these investments pertain to? Are these in-licensed 
complex generic assets, essentially?  
Tushar Shroff: 
So, in this particular quarter, we have completed two major acquisitions. One 
acquisition is related to Amplitude Surgical and the other acquisition is related to 
Comfort Click. All these acquisitions are… say for example Comfort Click had a 
couple of brands and these couple of brands have been revalued to ensure that 
they are reported as intangible assets. Similarly, as a purchase price allocation for 
Amplitude, a couple of technical know-how and other intangible assets have 
been classified as intangible assets. 
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
Actually, I meant intangible assets under development.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
That is mostly to do with our licensing. Yeah. 
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
Anything that can be commercialized in the near term?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We just commercialized Beizray which was one of our licensing products.  
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
On Beizray, could you talk about the clinical advantages that the drug has over 
the traditional Docetaxel formulation?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So I don’t think I can offhand tell you everything, but I think, there are a couple of 
benefits. One, it is a polysorbate-free formulation. So it does help in terms of 
other side effects. Also, I think there are benefits in terms of stability which exist 
with this formulation. So I think these are the two. But beyond that, there are 
many incremental benefits for this which we see in terms of better usage with 
the practitioners, and we are already seeing good traction with the launch.  
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And on generic Copaxone where we got an approval, has that been 
launched in the US?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It will be launched very soon. 
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
Right. And just one more on the typhoid vaccine. Any timelines on when you can 
bid for the tender and start supplies?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We have started already bidding for some tenders. Obviously, the major tender 
will still come out in the coming year. But we have bid for certain tenders, and as 
we see any success, we will obviously appraise you all about it.  
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
What would be the annual tender value?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So generally, the annual UNICEF tender volumes range between 80 to 100 million 
doses. And so yeah, it’s a meaningful opportunity if we get part of the tender.  

 
17 of 20 
 
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And just one final on the dialyzer project. Is this something that you’re 
going to front-end, or you’re going to be a supplier to the other dialyzer 
companies that sell across the world?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It’s a consumable part. So obviously, a good part of it will be for supplying to 
partners. And then, we’ll later see whether we can also build up further 
capabilities.  
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
You’ll do the final product and sell to partners?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
The final dialyzer which is used as a consumable in dialysis.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
The dialyzer membrane.  
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
Right. Understood. Okay. Thank you. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nitin Agarwal. I think we are not able to 
hear him. Nitin, are you there?  
 
We’ll move to the next question. The next question is from Tushar Manudhane. 
Mr. Tushar Manudhane: Hi. Am I audible?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, Tushar. Yes. 
Mr. Tushar Manudhane: Sir, just with respect to Saroglitazar, is there sort of a thought in terms of tying up 
with a partner who would have a well-established commercial channel, given the 
product has its own… definitely a great USP. But from a commercial channel 
perspective, given that we have limited presence, so is there a scope to tie up 
with someone so that the scale-up for the product can be faster?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So I think as a part of our strategic imperative, we are looking at all options. Our 
first priority is to build our own capability. But as we evaluate opportunities to 
license, opportunities to launch on our own, opportunities to have a larger 
footprint in the specialty front, we are looking at all options. And obviously, we’ll 
take the best option, which is in the long-term interest for the company. And as I 
said, our long-term interest is still to build it ourselves. But as I said, we’re not 
giving up on other options.  
Mr. Tushar Manudhane: Yeah, because that might take longer time. But, yeah. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, but we are there for the long term.  

 
18 of 20 
 
Mr. Tushar Manudhane: And just secondly, on Comfort Click, this business is also spread evenly across the 
four quarters per se, or like, the we have it in our wellness, it is concentrated in 
few quarters? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, it is well spread, the Comfort Click business. 
Mr. Tushar Manudhane: And is there an additional OpEx which is going to be there for this business in the 
initial year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I think the business is sufficiently manned. And it doesn’t have any 
manufacturing footprint or other things. So it’s quite a light-asset business that 
way. So it should, it has room to continue to expand without challenges.  
Mr. Tushar Manudhane: And just lastly, on the MedTech side on the similar lines, in terms of additional 
operational cost to think about with respect to TAVI or with respect to this 
Nephro facility coming up. How to think about let’s say the operational cost? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So on the TAVI, we already… we will be doing a clinical trial, Europe-based clinical 
trial. We will also be launching it in India. On the nephrology side, obviously, 
we’re still building the facility. We need to commission it and then start 
manufacturing, and then obviously registering it. On the Amplitude side, it’s 
already a well-established CE-approved product and business. Its robot is also 
close to approval and launch. So majority of the investments have happened. I 
think the value driver for Amplitude will be obviously growing in double digits, 
and then saving a lot of cost. I understand. So that’s it for my side. 
Mr. Tushar Manudhane: Understood, sir. That’s it from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Shayon Mukherjee.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Thanks for the follow-up. The dialyzer membrane market, I mean, what is the 
size of the market? And are there any local players manufacturing it, or these are 
all imported currently?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So currently in India, nobody is currently manufacturing and selling. So we can be 
amongst the first one or two people who can be doing it from India point of view. 
So, there we do still believe there is a good opportunity. Obviously, it will be 
competitive, but we will be able to bring scale and cost advantage.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
How large is the market size currently for India?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We are not targeting India. We’re targeting more than India. So I can ask maybe 
Arvind to give you the overall opportunity size, but it’s not an India opportunity 
launch. We are not… None of our business on the med devices are India-first 
strategy. It is a global-first strategy. 

 
19 of 20 
 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. So the other question I have was product-specific. For the Semaglutide 
launch in India, can you confirm like your visibility for being in the first wave for 
that?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Currently, yes, we strongly believe we will be in the first wave. 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. And for the Sitagliptin 505(b)(2) in the US, has the revenues kind of peaked 
out, or how should we think about that opportunity in quarters ahead?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think it’s peaked out. We will have a steady growth till genericization. And then 
obviously we still have a government business that will continue till the next one 
to two more years. So that’s how it is right now.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rashmi Shetty.  
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Yeah. Am I audible?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Just on the US business again, excluding Revlimid and Mirabegron, for your base 
business, have you seen any erosion quarter on quarter?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Our base business has been quite stable, generally. And I said we have generally 
alluded to a single-digit price erosion, and that’s what we maintain also. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And earlier you mentioned that you will be doing around 30 product 
launches, and we have done around 10 product launches in the first half. So is 
the guidance intact? I mean, are we on track on doing majority of launches in the 
second half?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, we will see 25 plus launches. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
25 plus launches for this entire year?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Year. Yes.  
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And so that means that your quarterly run rate for the US business will be 
higher compared to this quarter i.e. Quarter 2, in Quarter 3 and Quarter 4.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
No, you will have a Revlimid drop, right?  
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Yeah, but Revlimid is not significant in this quarter also, right?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
But it is still there in this quarter. So it’s not not there. 

 
20 of 20 
 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, got it. Understood. And just one more question on the operating margin 
side. You mentioned that we would be able to maintain 26% plus margin for this 
entire year. Is the guidance intact for the entire year, or are we… because in the 
first half, we have done around 32%.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, our guidance is intact for the year. And as I said, while US business has been 
stable and good, I think our international business and domestic business have 
driven good EBITDA growths.  
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And despite this Comfort Click, which has got a lower margin, right 
compared to the company level margin?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, it is lower.  
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
And despite that, you are still maintaining your 26% plus margin?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, 26% margin. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Devang Shah. Hi, Devang, requesting you to unmute 
and ask your question.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think if we have no more questions, then we can go ahead and wrap up. 
Moderator: 
 We don’t have any more questions. Requesting for management’s closing 
remarks.  
Ganesh Nayak: 
So, thank you very much. And wish all of you a Happy Christmas and a Happy 
New Year, and look forward to seeing you again in the month of February for the 
Quarter 3 results. Good night.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today’s conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines and exit the webinar. Thank you.  
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
