 
 
 
Ref. No.: AUSFB/SEC/2025-26/272 
Date: October 18, 2025 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051, 
Maharashtra. 
NSE Symbol: AUBANK 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400001, 
Maharashtra. 
Scrip Code: 540611, 974093, 974094, 974095, 
974914, 974963, 975017, 975038 & 976580 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Financial Result for the Quarter and Half Year ended 
on September 30, 2025 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
 
We submit herewith the transcript of the conference call held on October 17, 2025 for the 
Financial Results of AU Small Finance Bank Limited (“the Bank”) for the Quarter and Half Year 
ended on September 30, 2025. 
 
In compliance of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the transcript is also made available 
on the Bank’s website at https://www.aubank.in/investors/quarterly-reports. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For AU SMALL FINANCE BANK LIMITED 
 
 
 
Manmohan Parnami 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F9999 
investorrelations@aubank.in 
 
Encl: As above 
Manmohan 
Parnami
Digitally signed by Manmohan 
Parnami 
Date: 2025.10.18 20:46:04 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
“AU Small Finance Bank Limited 
Q2’FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY AGARWAL – FOUNDER, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. UTTAM TIBREWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. VIVEK TRIPATHI – CHIEF CREDIT OFFICER 
MR. GAURAV JAIN – INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. PRINCE TIWARI – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
& FIG 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the AU Small Finance Bank Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prince Tiwari, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Thank you, Rutuja, and good evening, everyone. And welcome to AU Small Finance Bank's 
earnings call for the second quarter of financial year 2025/26. Thank you all for joining the call 
this evening. 
 
On today's call, from management side, we have Founder, MD, and CEO, Mr. Sanjay Agarwal; 
Executive Director and Deputy CEO, Mr. Uttam Tibrewal; Interim CFO, Mr. Gaurav Jain; Chief 
Credit Officer, Mr. Vivek Tripathi; and the IR team. 
 
We will start today's call with 20, 25 minutes opening remarks by Mr. Gaurav Jain, highlighting 
the bank's performance, positioning and outlook. We'll follow the opening remarks with another 
40 to 45 minutes of Q&A from investors and analysts. 
 
For the benefit of all participants and so that we can take everyone's questions, we would humbly 
request everyone to keep the number of questions restricted to 2 to per participant and join back 
in the queue in case you have further questions. For any data keeping questions, you may kindly 
reach out to the IR team at any time post this call. 
 
With that, I'll now request Mr. Gaurav Jain, Interim CFO of the bank, to share his opening 
remarks. Gaurav, over to you. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Thank you, Prince. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. It's a pleasure to 
welcome you all to AU Small Finance Bank's earnings call for the second quarter. 
 
We begin by expressing our deepest condolence on the untimely demise of Mr. Vimal Jain, CFO 
of the bank. Over the last 15 years, Vimal ji had become one of the strongest pillars of our 
institution. His vision, leadership and unwavering commitment played a pivotal role in shaping 
AU's growth and values. He brought deep financial expertise, clarity of thought and unwavering 
integrity to every responsibility he undertook. 
 
Humble, approachable and generous with his time, he had an ability to connect with people, and 
to many of us, more than a leader, he was a mentor, a guide and a friend. He has built a strong 
team of motivated leaders, each one of them being proficient in their field. 
 
His loss is deeply felt across the organization. And on behalf of the entire AU family, we offer 
our sincere prayers and condolence to his family and relatives, and hope to honor his legacy by 
continuing to move forward and complete his AU Forever mission. 
 
Q2 marks completion of 34 quarters of our banking journey and 30 years as a financial franchise. 
We have often said, it takes a decade to lay the foundation of a well-run bank. And with 6 
quarters to go, we are on track. Our journey has been marked with resilience and steady progress, 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
overcoming challenges from macroeconomic cycles, industry crisis, asset quality cycles to once-
in-a-century event like pandemic. 
 
Over the last 8.5 years, we have built a pan-India liabilities franchise, scaled core asset 
businesses, maintained strong asset quality, expanded distribution, launched newer products and 
focused on talent and succession planning. Strategic moves like relocating to Mumbai and 
acquiring another bank have strengthened our presence, especially in South India. 
 
We have learned from our mistakes and acted quickly, positioning AU to deliver a sustainable 
and predictable growth beyond 2027. Notably, on August 7, we received an in-principle approval 
from the Reserve Bank of India to become a universal bank with an 18-month transition time. 
This is a strong endorsement of AU's business model, sound governance and commitment to 
financial inclusion. We extend our heartfelt gratitude to all stakeholders for their trust and 
support throughout our 30 plus year journey. 
 
In recent months, global economy has remained volatile with shifting trade flows and a more 
complex multipolar environment. Domestically, the banking system credit growth has slowed 
to 10% versus 16% in FY '24. However, the policy environment is turning more supportive with 
CRR cut, LCR changes, draft circular on reduction in RWAs and a well-staggered ECL 
implementation plan. 
 
These announcements supplement the earlier announced cuts in policy rates by RBI as well as 
income tax and GST cuts by the government. Looking ahead, we expect the broader economic 
environment to improve in the second half of the year, supported by revival in consumer demand 
led by GST cuts, above-average monsoon supporting rural growth, and government's continued 
thrust on capex. 
 
In this evolving environment, AU continues to deliver resilient performance with H1 profit after 
tax growth of 6% on Y-o-Y basis. Our deposit book grew by 21% year-on-year, which was 
nearly 2x of the system growth rate. Our loan portfolio, excluding unsecured businesses, grew 
by 22% Y-o-Y. 
 
Including unsecured, loan growth was at 17%, which is 1.7x of the system credit growth. 
Margins have started to grow with NIM expanding by 5 bps quarter-on-quarter to 5.5% 
compared to 5.4% in Q1, led by a sharp decline in cost of funds. Credit cost has also started to 
decline and is expected to normalize in second half. 
 
In many ways, Q2 marks the bottoming out of the current cycle with growth staying strong in 
core businesses, unsecured book beginning to stabilize, uptick in margins and commencement 
of reduction in credit costs. We expect to see tailwinds in second half from the onset of festive 
season, boost from GST cuts and expected economic recovery. And over the next 2 to 3 years, 
expansion of distribution in Andhra, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, UP and West Bengal 
will start contributing to our growth in a meaningful manner. 
 
Moreover, the central and various state governments have instituted a range of credit guarantee 
schemes and interest subsidy programs to lower the risk exposure of lenders and reduce 
borrowing costs for targeted groups. The bank has been actively participating in these schemes, 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
ensuring credit delivery and channelization of resources to the end beneficiaries. This, combined 
with recent reduction in PSL requirements from 75% to 60% for SFBs, would further help in 
ease of business for our retail and MSME segments. 
 
Now let me give some color on each of our businesses. First, on the deposits business. Our 
deposit base crossed INR1,32,000 crores, growing by 21% year-on-year and 3.8% quarter-on-
quarter, reflecting the growing strength of our branch banking franchise. CASA deposits grew 
by 9.7% year-on-year and CASA ratio remained stable at 29.4%. 
 
Within CASA, current account deposits grew strongly at 26% and savings deposits grew by 6% 
Y-o-Y. As highlighted earlier, cost of funds reduced by 25 bps during the quarter to 6.83% from 
7.08% in Q1. We have started to deprioritize high interest rate led deposits and focus is on 
increasing granular SA on the strength of our full suite of products, services, distribution and 
client relationships, with interest rate not being the only major differentiating factor. 
 
With effect from 3rd of October, we have cut peak SA rate by another 25 bps, taking the total 
SA rate cut in highest bucket to 75 bps in this financial year. The highest SA rate on offer now 
is 6.5% versus 7.25% in March '25. And for INR10 lakhs and lower balances, our peak SA rate 
is now down to 3.5% Newer acquisition of SA accounts continues to grow at robust pace with 
35% year-on-year increase in number of accounts opened and 17% increase in value for new SA 
accounts acquired in first half. 
 
Universal banking license will significantly enhance trust and brand acceptance among 
depositors, enabling the bank to optimize its cost of funds over time. Cross-selling our full suite 
of products across cards, payments, insurance, wealth, trade and FX remains a key priority for 
the bank with a dedicated cross-sell department leading this initiative. 
 
In one of the newer initiatives around cross- selling savings accounts to our retail asset 
customers, we saw promising results with 95,000 SA accounts opened in the last 6 months, 
contributing around INR180 crores in value. Our insurance penetration is increasing, and we 
have now added LIC and SBI Life as our bancassurance partners this year to take total 
bancassurance partners to more than 15. 
 
Wealth and forex services are also seeing a gradual pickup. In Wealth Solutions, we are now 
serving 2.4 lakh customers with around INR1,600 crores of AUM. On our AD-1 business, we 
are seeing pickup in transaction banking, BG/LCs and remittances with forex income growing 
50% year-on-year. 
 
We have also launched a multicurrency forex card in partnership with Mastercard at Global 
FinTech Festival 2025 to cross-sell forex services to our customers traveling abroad. Enhanced 
acceptance among prime customers like salaried individuals, senior citizens, NRIs and EXIM 
clients on the universal banking platform will further help the cross-sell initiative and reduce our 
customer acquisition costs over time. 
 
Now moving on to our assets franchise. Loan growth was led by core secured segments, which 
include Retail Secured Assets and Commercial Banking assets. The loan portfolio, excluding 
unsecured businesses, grew by 22% year-on-year. Unsecured portfolio degrew by 23%. Total 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
loan portfolio grew by 17% Y-o-Y and 4.5% quarter-on-quarter to reach around INR1.23 lakh 
crores. We remain positive on our overall loan growth and continue to target a full year growth 
in our guided range of 2x to 2.5x of nominal GDP. 
 
Retail Secured Assets is our flagship business, which includes wheels, mortgages and gold loan 
and has a legacy of more than 2 decades. This book stands at around INR83,000 crores and 
forms 67% of our total loan portfolio. This segment continues to deliver strong performance 
with growth of 20% Y-o-Y and 5% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Our wheels book forms 33% of our total GLP at around INR40,000 crores with 14% plus yield. 
Wheels grew by 26% year-on-year, which is market-leading in its segment. Credit cost remains 
in line with our expectations. We have a large runway for growth and expect to gain market 
share in this business with 20% to 25% annual growth over the medium term, led by our 
expansion in newer geographies and doubling of distribution from 550 branches in March '24 to 
around 1,000 branches by March '26. 
 
The second key product is mortgages, which stands at around INR40,000 crores and forms 32% 
of the total GLP. It includes micro business loan or MBL and home loans. Total mortgage 
portfolio grew by 14% year-on-year and 3% quarter-on-quarter. Credit costs and slippages 
improved sequentially in Q2. 
 
As highlighted previously, competitive intensity in MBL has significantly increased over the 
last few years with small localized and niche players competing in every micro market across 
regions. We have been cautious in our growth in this segment with growth at mid-teens in the 
last 3 years. Our endeavor is to increase this growth rate to around 20% by taking advantage of 
the expanded pan-India distribution post merger. 
 
The third product within Retail Secured Assets is gold loans, which has a GLP of around 
INR2,300 crores and forms 2% of the total loan portfolio. There is no risk weight for gold loans 
and portfolio yields around 16% with ROA being north of 3%. We have an opportunity to grow 
this business multifold and are scaling distribution, sales and operations team. In Q2, the book 
grew by 19% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
The second key business asset line is Commercial Banking, which is 21% of the total loan 
portfolio and includes 5 businesses: business banking, agri banking, emerging enterprises and 
financial institution, real estate and transaction banking. 
 
Commercial Banking has established a good track record with 30% plus CAGR growth in last 
5 years, stable asset quality and ROA of about 2%. A significant portion of this book is self-
funded, as this book contributes 8% of overall deposit book and 6% of overall CASA book. 
Total Commercial Banking GLP grew 22% year-on-year and 4% quarter-on-quarter. Asset 
quality remains in line with expectations. 
 
We have a strong understanding of MSME space, NBFC lending and construction finance, along 
with a full product suite backed by tech capability, including the AD-1 business, which we 
started last year. We are working on creating sector specialization and expect this book to further 
benefit from transition to universal banking platform. 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
 
So far, we have discussed the secured asset portfolios. Now let me walk you through the 
unsecured segments, which degrew by 23% year-on-year and 2% quarter-on-quarter and form 
8% of the total loan portfolio. MFI is the biggest product in this segment with bank having 
comprehensive micro banking relationship with customers, including micro savings account, 
insurance, payment solutions and DBT linkages. 
 
It's an important business line for the bank as it contributes substantially to fulfilling a 10% PSL 
requirement of lending to small and marginal farmers. MFI book is around INR6,200 crores, 
which is around 5% of our total GLP. Book has started to stabilize with quarter-on-quarter 
degrowth moderating to 1%. We expect the portfolio to start growing gradually from this quarter 
onwards. 
 
On asset quality front, ex bucket collection efficiency improved to 98.95% this quarter, the 
highest in last 5 quarters, with September collection efficiency being 99.05%. The SMA book 
reduced from 4.3% in Q1 to 2.9% in Q2. Most of the incremental disbursements are getting 
covered under the CGFMU guarantee program and the coverage at portfolio level has reached 
to 69% by the end of Q2. 
 
The other unsecured book is from our Credit Card and Personal Loan business. Total GLP is 
around INR2,900 crores, which is 2.4% of the total loan portfolio. Of this, credit card book is 
around INR2,200 crores, which saw a degrowth of 31% year-on-year and 3% quarter-on-quarter. 
Credit cost has started to normalize with Q2 marking the first quarter of decline in provisions 
and slippages in credit book in the last 1 year. 
 
We expect the book to start reflecting normalized credit costs by the end of this financial year. 
Incremental sourcing in credit cards is currently at a controlled pace, and it will take 1 or 2 more 
quarters for the impact of this new sourcing strategy to reflect in the overall book. Post evaluating 
the new book, we will accelerate growth in this segment. 
 
In terms of profitability, we delivered profit after tax of INR561 crores for the quarter and 
INR1,142 crores for the half year, with ROA and ROE, respectively, at 1.4% and 12.4% for Q2, 
and 1.4% and 12.9% for H1, respectively. Net interest income increased by 5% sequentially on 
the back of growth in loan portfolio and NIM improvement. NIM increased by 5 bps quarter-
on-quarter to 5.5% from 5.4% in Q1. 
 
This uptick was earlier than expected and is primarily driven by decline in cost of funds of 25 
bps through targeted actions on high-cost deposits and repricing of FABU and reversal of excess 
liquidity seen in Q1. This 25 bps decline more than offset the drop in advances yield of 19 bps 
from 14.1% to 13.9%. In the absence of any further rate cut, NIM should continue to expand 
over the next couple of quarters as deposit book continues to reprice. 
 
Core other income saw a healthy growth sequentially as disbursements increased 20% quarter-
on-quarter, and we witnessed increased traction in distribution of third-party products. Operating 
expense saw 11% Y-o-Y and 7% quarter-on-quarter increase due to growth in disbursement and 
investment in manpower as we expand our distribution to pan-India. 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
 
Additionally, as part of our ongoing talent management and succession planning, we increased 
our ESOP program this year, with ESOP awards increasing by 75% on a year-on-year basis. 
However, we continue to target disciplined control over operating expenses with opex by total 
assets falling to 4% in H1 as compared to 4.6% in H1 FY '25. 
 
Cost-income ratio was 56% in H1, which benefited from higher treasury gains. Credit cost 
declined to INR481 crores in Q2 versus INR533 crores in Q1. With this, credit cost for first half 
was at 1.28% on an annualized basis. 
 
Lower credit costs was driven by 12% reduction in slippages during the quarter with lower 
slippages seen in cards, mortgages and commercial banking. We expect to see continued 
recovery in unsecured and seasonal recovery in secured assets in the second half and expect full 
year credit cost to be within our guidance of 1% of average total assets. 
 
To sum up, Q2 was a milestone quarter for us as we received an in-principle approval for 
universal bank license. As we stand at this pivotal juncture, all dominos are aligning for the next 
phase of our journey. Supportive regulatory policies, accommodative monetary measures, 
aggressive government reforms are creating a fertile environment for growth. Our transition to 
universal banking is a once- in-a-lifetime opportunity and will provide us wider acceptance and 
strengthen our brand, which we are expanding across India. 
 
Our margins have started to improve. Credit cost is on a declining trend and our unsecured 
portfolio is stabilizing. With robust growth engines in deposits and assets, we are well positioned 
for sustainable growth and our investment in distribution expansion will continue to provide 
momentum to gain market share. Backed by a stable and experienced team, strong execution 
culture and no legacy systems in our technology stack, we are fully prepared to capture emerging 
opportunities and deliver consistent value to all stakeholders. 
 
With that, I will now hand over to Prince for Q&A. Wish you all a very happy and safe Diwali. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Thank you, Gaurav. Rutuja, we can now open the call for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama 
Wealth. Please go ahead.  
Mahrukh Adajania: 
I just had a couple of questions. Firstly, in fees, usually in the second quarter and even in the 
fourth quarter, there's a lot of seasonality. So even in the past if you see, you see a big jump on 
a sequential basis in second and fourth quarters. Last year, there was no festival either, but we 
still saw that. So what's the seasonality in these quarters? I'd like to better understand that. And 
then, are immediate green shoots already visible in October for a significant recovery in credit 
cost in the second half? That's my second question. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Thanks, Mahrukh. This is Prince here. So I mean, while I'll take the other income, I'll let Vivek 
answer on the credit cost. So as far as other income is concerned, you're right. I mean, typically, 
Q1 is generally a relatively slower quarter, immediately after the Q4 buoyancy. But historically, 
I think in the retail banking industry, if you see the half yearly closing and the annual closing, it 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
has always been great, both in terms of business disbursements as well as the third-party product 
distribution. 
 
So even this quarter, we saw 20% growth in our disbursement numbers on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis. And that does help in the overall other income as well, because you get a lot of fee income 
from the processing fees as well as the higher accounts that we have opened. 
 
So even on the banking fee, if you see, and I think Gaurav articulated in his call that we have 
started opening accounts for our asset customers, and we have opened some 95,000 accounts in 
the last 6 months. So that's an added delta that has come up over and above the branch banking. 
And to some extent, that also helps with the entire branch banking fees, right? So I think there's 
no one- offs there. It's just seasonal, and hopefully, it should continue. Vivek, do you want to... 
Vivek Tripathi: 
Yes. So Mahrukh, on the credit cost, though our unsecured book contributes about less than 10% 
of the book, but there is a significant portion of the credit cost was coming from MFI and credit 
card. Now having said that, in the last quarter, where we called out that our credit cost has peaked 
in credit card, you would have observed there is a significant reduction in that. 
 
And going by the current performance of microfinance book, where we see that it has peaked in 
this quarter and would come down substantially in Q3 and Q4. So we are very confident, and 
there is a seasonality attached to our secured asset as well, where we see a strong pullback in 
H2. And that has been always a trend for so many years. 
 
And so considering both the factors where we see the significant drop in the unsecured part on 
the credit cost as well as the pullback in secured asset in H2, we are confident that our credit 
cost for the full year will be on the guidance of 1%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jayant Kharote from Axis Capital. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. The first question is on opex. For the first half, opex control 
has been pretty strong, even despite this 20% uptick in disbursement. So how should we now 
think about opex? So you're averaging around 4% of assets versus your usual past few years run 
rate of 4.3%, 4.4%. So heading into second half, how should we think of opex? 
 
And broader question, I see in your PPT, you outlined that even after a transition to the universal 
bank, you don't expect opex to jump in a meaningful way. So if you could help us understand 
what has changed in the thought process around opex? That is my first question. I'll follow up 
with the second one. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Yes. So on opex, last year, I think we were at around 4.3% of average assets for the full year, 
right? This year, we expect to do better than that. And where we exactly land up, we will know 
more sort of as we progress during the year. But in Q3 and Q4, you will see some increase, 
which is accompanied or as a result of increase in disbursement during the stronger quarters of 
the year, right? But in terms of how to think about the opex line over the medium term, there are 
2 aspects. One is we will continue to invest in growing the franchise. And you saw some of those 
investments in increase in headcount as we increase distribution of our retail secured assets in 
the newer states. So that's one. 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
 
Second point is, for our overall overhead, we are continuing to be very, very disciplined on 
where we spend money and how we sort of control that line. So it will be a twin-pronged 
approach of being very disciplined generally, but not shying away from the investments that are 
sort of crucial for our growth over the medium to long term, right? Overall, our guidance has 
been that we will be below 60% in terms of cost-income ratio, and we will be below sort of, say, 
4.3% in terms of cost-to-opex. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Great, sir. Sir, second question is around the loan mix. I see the commercial mix -- I mean, 
commercial loan growth has come off even ex EEFI, sorry, if I see real estate is of course pushing 
hard, but I see business banking also has not moved meaningfully. So what is the thought 
process? Is this one-off this quarter? How should we think now? Would you be using commercial 
book to calibrate your growth and margin mix going ahead? How should we think about this? 
Vivek Tripathi: 
See, the growth in commercial banking book and when we talk about working capital book, 
business banking growth is largely driven by the underlying economic activity. I think Q1 and, 
to the extent, the larger part of Q2 was a little muted. Now we see, because of the GST reforms 
and the consumption picking up, the activity has picked up on the ground. 
 
And we see that the strong demand should continue in Q3 and Q4. So typically, the disbursement 
in  any business, even in retail asset is more skewed towards the H2. So we expect that the 
momentum will build up from here on. 
Jayant Kharote: 
And the EFI piece, sir, is it the NBFC loans that you have pulled back on right now? NBFC MFI 
loans, sorry? 
Vivek Tripathi: 
So NBFC MFI loan, that's a function, you do on-lending to MFIs, and if there is a muted credit 
demand -- the whole credit industry has grown by 10%, right? So you have to understand that if 
there is no lesser demand, the demand pickup for on- lending will also be lesser. But we are 
seeing a traction in the festive season where typically all the vehicle financiers, the MSME 
lending institutions, there is a greater disbursement traction. And we expect that Q3, Q4 should 
be much better. 
 
Plus, apart from the loan book, there is some part of the lending happens in the form of substitute 
credit, which is more like NCDs, which sits in the investment book. So it's always the structure 
which suits the customer and that kind of need which decides. So sometimes it does not reflect 
here on the advances, but it's a part of credit substitute in the investment book. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
I'm Sanjay this side. The agenda is not to degrow or grow some book on some basis, right? We 
are having a very clear agenda that growth has to come back. And the retail asset has done well 
in the last 2 quarters. So we have grown that book. Of course, commercial banking has their own 
challenge because of yield pressure. So we haven't gone and underwritten the lower yield assets. 
We are working on our micro finance book. We are working on our credit card book. 
 
So the growth agenda is back, but we will take the whole thing in place, so that our yield versus 
returns also get protected, right? So we are not taking only one dimension kind of strategy. It's 
a wholesome strategy where we'll see our yields and the asset quality, the growth number, and 
then we'll decide our course. 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
 
But we have so many books, honestly, right from retail asset, wheels, MBL, affordable housing, 
then we have business banking, agri banking, NBFC, REG, microfinance, PL/BL, credit card, 
right? So it's a combination of entire product mix now we want to focus on. Nothing being left 
out, nothing being focused more. We want to build every aspect basis the practicality and, of 
course, the reality of the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Param Subramanian from Investec. 
Param Subramanian: 
Congratulations on the quarter. Firstly, the question is on the -- so last time, you had called out 
issues in the South-based LAP segment in terms of asset quality. So how is that portfolio 
behaving as of now? I can’t see that in the presentation. 
Vivek Tripathi: 
Yes, Param, this is Vivek. So when I highlighted -- called out in the last quarter, I would say, it 
was for 1 state, we said south, it was just 1 state, which is Andhra. Second, as mentioned in the 
last call that we were building out the collection and legal infra. And that has started playing out. 
 
So we saw good recoveries in terms of slippage have reduced and in terms of good recoveries 
from NPA pool. So the process has already started, right? But it's typically a 6- to 9-month cycle 
when you start doing it because the repossession of assets or the SARFAESI instrument takes 
some time. And once you have a field collection in place, your slippage automatically get 
reduced, right? 
Param Subramanian: 
Okay. So it is not a problem anymore as such. Or it is normalized already? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Param, it was not a problem last time also. Sanjay, this side. Of course, Vivek was generous 
enough to very transparently telling everybody that we -- because we as a team has took over 
the southern market recently in the first quarter itself, right? So 1 market, 1 book were giving us 
a different color. So we were honest enough to call out and tell you all your people, but nothing 
to worry. 
 
The entire force is there. And we've been known as the good collection -- we've been known as 
a good team around our collection or recovery side. So that character and that culture has come 
back, and we are hopeful that southern markets will not -- will come back to our own numbers 
and our own standard and will also give us next phase of growth. 
Param Subramanian: 
Sure, sir. That's really helpful. Sir, but if you could call out what was the size of this portfolio? 
And basically, there has been some corrective action from a collection perspective, right, that is 
now helping us, right? So what was the size of this Andhra portfolio? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
INR1,000 crores. 
Param Subramanian: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. Fair enough. That's really helpful. Secondly, Sanjay sir and team, if you 
could help us with how you're seeing demand. So we are now 3 weeks into this post GST cut 
and festive season. So if you could talk about demand across your portfolios, especially wheels 
or across products, how it's shaping up and how third quarter and fourth quarter are broadly 
looking? 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Param, we are not concerned, honestly, our size is so small, and our franchise is being built entire 
-- full country, right? So it's very early days because GST cut happened last week of September, 
and we are just 2 weeks in October, right? So it's difficult for us to comment because sometimes 
it's just one-off. So we can't give you some direction that if something happening now, maybe 
reason of GST, maybe the reason of festivity, right? 
 
So we want to take maybe a little bit more conservative view here that we don't want to comment 
large there, but the growth is back. I can only say you that because our franchise has gone from 
a north market or west market, even to east and now in southern markets. So we have enough 
market to us. 
 
So our growth will happen through market share rather than market growth, right? So -- and that 
is the way we are focusing ourselves. So our focus is more on that let's reduce our cost of money. 
We have enough diversified asset classes, pick your asset class depending on the state 
requirement and then build on. So we are in 21 states, 4 union territory. And so I believe that 
AU you will see in a different avatar from here onwards because our approach has changed from 
the growth to capturing the market share in that way, right? Yes. 
Param Subramanian: 
Sure. I really appreciate that, Sanjay, sir. I was just trying to understand. I appreciate you are a 
market share gaining entity. But broadly, if demand is, say, better than what you would have 
expected post the GST cuts or in line or some sort of directional comment, if you would think... 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Difficult honestly, because this... 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Param, difficult as of now because last year also at the time of festivity, there was a growth. So 
I don't want to color the market because for me, if the growth demand remains same level in 
November and December, that would be the right kind of direction, right? Because October is 
full of festivity, right? So the vehicle demand is there, home loan demand is there. Business 
banking is picking up. So NBFC demand is there. Credit card demand is there, personal loan 
demand is there. But I don't know that whether it will sustain after the festival, right? So that's 
why -- but in our case, it's not about demand. It's about our market share in the existing pie, 
right? So that's why I'm saying that we will grow. 
Param Subramanian: 
Sure. Sure. Really appreciate it, Sanjay, sir. And one last question, if I may. Margins, how to 
think about margins going into the second half and next year because of what is happening with 
the mix along with what you're doing on the funding cost? Yes, that's it from me. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Yes, Param. So again, as we said -- as Gaurav said in his commentary earlier that the margin 
uptick kind of began a bit earlier than what we would have initially envisaged. And again, the 
deposit repricing, especially on the entire SA piece that we have taken. I think that has been one 
of the biggest beneficiaries. Also lower slippages has helped, right, given that last quarter, there 
was a relatively larger slippage. 
 
This time, we had a lesser slippage, 12% reduction. So that has also helped in terms of reversals 
of some of the incomes. But having said that, to answer your question, I think the impact of repo 
rate cut on the yields is done, right? We don't think that any more residual impact is left over, 
which is material or meaningful to call out. 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
 
So assuming no more rate cuts, right, assuming no more rate cuts, you would see deposit price 
continuing to fall for a couple of quarters because we had said earlier as well that it takes about 
12 to 15 months for the entire rate transmission to happen. And we are just about 4 to 6 months 
into the cycle depending on where you start from, right? So we do expect some amount of deposit 
repricing. 
 
But at the same time, as you rightly said, the asset mix is also shifting, right? The unsecured, 
while they will stop degrowing from this quarter onwards, but still the growth will not be more 
than enough to take care of the asset mix change. So because on the core assets also, we are 
growing pretty well, right? 
 
As you saw, 22% we grew year-on-year in our core assets. So I think some bit of adjustment for 
asset mix and some positive benefit on the cost of fund side should help the NIM to continue 
improving for next couple of quarters, at least. 
Param Subramanian: 
Fair enough. And come back to more or less Q4 of last year or somewhere close to that? 
Prince Tiwari: 
I mean we'll see, right? We don't want to call it out right now. We don't really know because as 
Sanjay said, there are too many variables. But let's just wait it out and watch it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renish from ICICI. 
Renish: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just 2 pieces. One on the strategy side. So once we get the 
universal banking license, we have got a few things… 
Prince Tiwari: 
Renish, sorry, the voice is not very clear. 
Renish: 
Yes. So the first thing on the AU mix side. So obviously, once we convert into universal banking 
and the minimum ticket size gap of 25 lac goes away, the inclination will be more towards a 
growing commercial banking fees, from a branch banking perspective. And once that happens, 
given this book is yielding 11 % much lower than the retail asset book. 
 
So how do you see the AUM mix changing over the next 2 to 3 years? So I get it the next 2 
quarters NIM expansion will continue. But getting into '27, '28 and once you start getting more 
businesses from your branch, which will be more from a commercial banking part, how do you 
see NIM settling in medium term? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So Renish, Sanjay, this side. So there is no plan to go above a level in commercial banking. Our 
comfort zone where we feel comfortable is more around retail asset. Our wheel book is only 
around INR40,000 crores. I don't think that AU should even look any other book than that 
because we can still build that book around INR2 lakh crores, honestly. 
 
You can see our competition level, right? They're around INR1.5 lakh to INR2 lakh crores book. 
Our mortgage book is just INR40,000 crores. We can take it up to INR1 lakh crores. Our gold 
loan book is just INR4,000 crores (Correction: Gold loan book is INR 2,300+ Crores) and you 
know how that book is shaping up. So I don't think that there is any kind of strategy in place 
where if we get to universal license, which we will, we want to change our mix or we want to 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
have a different strategy on a Universal Bank. We love this space so much. We like this -- we 
are working in this space for the last 30 years, and we are the market leaders, right? 
 
So the idea is to become universal to lower the cost, not to change the asset mix. Our business 
banking also gives a yield of around 10% plus. We are not at 8%, 9% as of now also, right? Our 
NBFC is also 10-plus. Agri banking is around 9 plus. So we don't play to the galleries, right? 
We have built our own niche, our own market. 
 
And we play on our product innovations, on our tech, on our speed, execution, our distribution, 
right? And we believe that in next 5 to 10 years, once AU will become pan-India franchise in 
terms of distribution placement, you will see our growth in a very different level, right, because 
we know that what made us till now will take it us forward also, right? So there is no plan to 
become a wholesale lender or be into a corporate finance unless until we have a low cost of 
money. 
Renish: 
Got it. No, sir, because also in PPT, you did mention about getting into renewable energy 
infrastructure and all. So I thought are we thinking expanding commercial banking or something 
like that? But thanks for the clarification. 
Vivek Tripathi: 
Yes. So Renish, Vivek, here. Just to clarify, what we are saying that the focused approach helps 
us to grow more sustainably and it also is better to manage risk because we are a very focused 
team. So when we started commercial banking, we started focusing on segment, right? That is 
why we created a different book for NBFC, we created a different book for real estate. 
 
Similarly, within the businesses, we have a sectoral approach, people who understand that sector 
can manage it better and can also grow it better, right? That's a reason we want to focus 
sectorally, right? So renewal energy is one area where we've already started, but others, we will 
slowly build. We'll see that how we get the sectoral insights and how we get the expertise to 
underwrite and to source those kind of customers. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
And if you become the subject expert in terms of lending, then your TAT improves. And if your 
TAT improves, you are in better position to bargain. So like we are the leader in NBFC, right? 
People give us 100 basis more than the other people, right? Because once our name is on the 
lender list, people value it, right? So I think we are playing on our strength. So sectoral focus 
will make us more strengthen in our whole positioning in terms of borrower side, right? 
Renish: 
Got it. Got it. 
Vivek Tripathi: 
And also we are not saying that we will change our ticket size. So that focus will remain on the 
same small and medium enterprise. That is what is our core area. 
Renish: 
Yes. Got it. And just the last thing on this ECL framework, which is sort of likely to be 
implemented. So any cost order if I can really say, would you like to share? Once that gets 
implemented? 
Prince Tiwari: 
On the tariff? 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Renish: 
No, no, ECL framework on the universal bank 
Prince Tiwari: 
ECL, Renish, honestly, it's too early to comment, right? It's on draft basis. And there are so many 
nuances. But we do prepare proforma. I think historically, we have done it. And we have -- I 
mean, in our view, it should be neutral to positive, right? But I mean, it's too early to give you 
any kind of directional comment right now, but definitely neutral to positive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citi Group. 
Kunal Shah: 
So again, just harping on the growth part. So when we say like 2x, 2.5x of the nominal GDP 
average, today, if you look at it, like we are closer to like 17% AUM growth. So maybe how 
quickly can we get towards that? Are we good enough in terms of the asset quality stabilization, 
NIM stabilization to get it quicker? 
 
And second is on the overall on balance sheet. So I think overall AUM growth has been lower. 
So I believe the reliance on downsell is not so high. But as we get to the growth part, again, we 
would get to the downselling or maybe the overall on-balance sheet growth will still continue to 
be higher than the AUM growth. So what would be the stance on the downsell after we reach 
that 2x, 2.5x GDP growth? 
Prince Tiwari: 
So, thanks for that, Kunal. And so see, even if you see today, our growth has been 22% Y-o-Y, 
right, on the secured side. The 8% book, which is unsecured, which is MFI and credit card has 
been going through its own reset cycle. And as we said on the early opening remarks that, that 
is also coming to an end now, right? 
 
We should start seeing microfinance growing from this quarter onwards as well as credit card 
will start growing probably in a couple of quarters, right? So on secured assets, we are already 
doing 22% plus, right? We don't really see -- Honestly, when we track, we track AUM growth 
of GLP, right? Because from our perspective, whether the asset is sitting outside the balance 
sheet or in the balance sheet, it's the same thing, right? 
 
But having said that, we used to securitize in a period when the growth was really, really strong. 
I don't think that at 2 to 2.5x, we are really looking to do an off-book built out, right? So you 
should look at a GLP level, which is the gross loan portfolio, we should continue to grow 
between 2x to 2.5x, and we are reasonably confident because second half is always stronger as 
compared to first half, right, both for secured assets. And of course, as I said, unsecured assets 
will now start contributing positively rather than negatively. 
Kunal Shah: 
Got it. So sequential momentum will definitely accelerate given the unsecured is now almost 
done. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Absolutely. 
Kunal Shah: 
Got it. And maybe with respect to ECL, so what would be the positive like it's maybe neutral, I 
could still understand, but you confidently have even indicated in the presentation that ECL 
impact could be positive as well. So what are the positive levers which are coming from the ECL 
and not much of the provisioning risk, maybe even, like say, on the vehicles and all, you would 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
have a relatively higher Stage 2, but it is good enough to even offset that. So I just wanted to 
understand that, yes. 
Prince Tiwari: 
So Kunal, I mean, as I said, it's too early to actually comment on how it will play out on the 
exact numbers. But the reason why we say neutral to positive is we do prepare pro forma, which 
we submit to regulators and whatever we did last basis that I was talking about it. And the 
primary reason is that our LGDs has always been lower, right? 
 
So if you go back and see our NBFC days and you compare our credit cost, right, on each of the 
books independently, you'll realize that the loss given default for us has been historically very, 
very low. I mean in vehicle, I think we have publicly called out in the previous occasion, it has 
been anything between 35 to 40 basis points, right, whereas our coverage ratios would be much 
higher. Plus there also will be an interest impact that will flow back to us. So I'm saying there 
are nuances to that, and we need to figure that out. But on an overall basis, we are not really 
worried. 
Kunal Shah: 
Got it. And one last question in terms of the data point. So what is the cost of SA? And how 
much of it has already got repriced? And in the coming quarters, would it be only another 25 
basis points, which is left now? 
Prince Tiwari: 
So I think with the latest rate cut, we are looking at going below 5. 
Kunal Shah: 
Going below 5 in terms of cost of SA. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Cost of SA, right? We were at ~5.1ish if I remember correctly. And we should hopefully try and 
see if we can reach there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Jain from Autonomous. 
Akshay Jain: 
Yes, sir, I have a question on capital. So can you please help quantify the impact on your capital 
ratios post conversion to the Universal Bank? Because now you don't consider a market and 
operational RWAs in your base. And second, on the draft credit risk circular, have you done any 
estimates on how it will impact the capital ratios for the bank? 
Gaurav Jain: 
Yes. So 2 things, right, on the capital structure. The first one is you're right that we will need to 
take into account operational risk RWAs and market risk RWAs. Of these 2 market risk RWAs 
are not meaningful, right? So it's the operational risk RWAs, which will increase. But on the flip 
side, the capital requirements would come down from 15%, right, minimum capital requirement 
to eventually 11.5%. 
 
So this will be sort of -- broadly, it should be neutral to positive for the bank. The Board will 
decide what capital ratios we want to run on the Universal Banking platform, and we'll come 
back to you on that. But overall, I think on the capital as a whole, it will be neutral to positive 
for the bank. So that's one. 
 
Second thing, on your questions around RWAs on the draft guidelines, -- so you will see a benefit 
coming from the collateral -- from the loans which are collateralized by residential properties, 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
right, where the risk weights would probably come down by 40 to 50 percentage, and that will 
give us a significant benefit on some of our loan books there. Other than that, there are some 
benefits and some negatives which broadly cancel out, right? 
 
So the biggest in the ultimate analysis is residential mortgage collateral, it will give us the most 
uptick. In the rest of the stuff, there are some positives in credit cards, some positives in the 
MSME, some positives in the ratings-based investment book, etc., which gets offset by increase 
in the risk weight of the unutilized sanction limits. 
Akshay Jain: 
So what will be the proportion of this collateralized -- that is collateral against residential 
property? Any indicative number? Like your MBL book is close to 25% of your overall loans. 
So like is it safe to assume that 25%? 
Gaurav Jain: 
So we have -- so you can just look at our loan mix, right? So INR40,000 crores is the mortgage 
book. And then you have another INR25,000 crores of commercial banking book, which is a 
mix of MSME, NBFC and real estate, right? So that will give you an indication of a portion of 
that would be backed by this collateral. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Yes. And on the mortgage book, most of it will be residential housing, majority of it. 
Akshay Jain: 
Okay. Is it safe to assume that because the 40% -- INR40,000 crores of your book is mortgages. 
And if I just do some reverse calculate, like 40%, if I assume on that book, it comes to INR16,000 
odd crores and your total loan portfolio is around INR115 crores, INR120 crores. So should it 
be safe to assume that a double-digit reduction in RWAs is what we should see for AU Bank? 
Gaurav Jain: 
I don't want to give out specific numbers. But what I would say is you also need to take into 
account the business banking and the agri banking books, some of that will be back, right? So 
your starting point is not INR40,000 crores, it's probably higher. 
Akshay Jain: 
So that increases the benefit? 
Gaurav Jain: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Sanjay ji and team, congrats on a good quarter. A few questions like first on the credit cost, now 
that we have reported a 64 basis points in the 1H based on total assets and maintaining 100 basis 
point guidance. So is this credit cost that you see in 2H will be a reflection of the trends in FY 
'27? And do you think that will improve further or is this 2H number slightly boosted by the 
recoveries that may be they are from the NPAs that we had in 1H? So can we expect an 
improvement further continuing FY '27 on the second half number? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So Nitin, we are confident about this year, right, because we can visualize the entire ecosystem 
we can see quarter 3, quarter 4, right? So we believe that 100 basis point credit cost, we all are 
working hard to be in that number, right? And we strongly believe that we should get that 
number. 64 basis points H1 is a great set of numbers because H2 generally helps us to reduce 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
the overall credit cost for the year. So we are absolutely on track for this year. But next year, 
again, too many variables, too many things, which comes from nowhere, right? 
 
So if you ask me that if things remain in a similar kind of zone, which we are seeing as of now, 
the credit cost still can come down because I don't think that credit card or microfinance business, 
which is giving us the 50% of credit cost, i.e. 50% credit cost is coming from that book, right, 
which should not give us that kind of challenge next year. 
 
So our idea is to be around 85 to 90 bps kind of benchmark. but I don't want to give you any 
number there because it's difficult to predict for entire next year. But I think this year is one of 
the best years for us from last maybe 18 months or maybe 2 years. So we are quite hopeful that 
from here onwards, the credit cost should remain in one zone or in one number.. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Right. And second question, Sanjay ji, is on the Universal Bank transition. While we know that 
the discussions and like this is still underway, but by when do you like tentatively think that the 
transition to Universal Bank should get completed? And do you see a material rise in opex 
towards branding and advertising as you undertake this transition? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So we actually have already commented that our idea is to start our 11th year as Universal Bank. 
So still we have 6 quarters to complete that. RBI has given us 18-month period, and we believe 
that we should become in that time line. But I would say, the advantage of getting in principle 
license has already been now on our balance sheet. People have recognized us very credible or 
a very forward-looking kind of institution. 
 
So from 7th August, we are getting enough, I would say, acceptance in the market as a whole, 
which is great for any financial institution that people are actually treating us like Universal 
Bank only nowadays. So that positive impact already started coming in. I would say that there 
will be some time before we really become Universal, but we are working with RBI, with 
regulator to achieve that. 
 
And what was the other question? But there won't be any opex or anything which may cost us 
on our balance sheet. Rather this whole staggered transitioning from SFB to Universal in the 
next 18 months will allow us to do really a market expense also, the marketing expense also on 
a long-term basis than a one-off kind of basis, right? So as of now, Nitin, difficult to comment 
on one-off on a marketing expense. But other than that, everything is business as usual. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Right. And the last question is on the number of employees, and there is a sharp rise at around 
4,500-odd employees that we have added this quarter. So how are we looking at that? I mean 
this is a very, very like sharp number to look at the increase that we have had in the last 2 
quarters, in fact. And so how do you see the opex? Any implications of this on the cost ratios? 
Will it again start to grow at a faster clip? How do you see that? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Nitin, the agenda of growth is back. We are seeing a lot much business opportunity in our newer 
geographies, like southern markets, East markets. The entire growth, which you are seeing in 
workforce, is our largely in sales force or largely in underwriting space. We haven't added much 
more force in back end. 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
 
So idea is to make them productive in coming time and bring the growth back. So we are now 
focusing ourselves more and more on the -- taking the market share from the newer geographies. 
So there will be some little bit higher opex, but it will eventually will help us to bring back 
growth on our business numbers. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Right. And Sanjay ji, one last question, if I may squeeze in, is also on the credit card portfolio 
because that is giving us quite an addition to the total credit cost, irrespective of the size of the 
portfolio, which has come down meaningfully. But it still contributes meaningfully in respect to 
the total credit cost. So what is the like outstanding revolver and the transactor mix now that we 
have in this digital portfolio? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Sorry, vivek... 
Prince Tiwari: 
That's given on Slide Number 36, Nitin, the revolver to transactor mix. So transactors are 48%, 
revolvers are 26%, and 27% is EMI or loan. And as we had highlighted earlier that the entire 
credit card book, I mean, we had taken a lot of corrective actions over the last 8 to 12 months. 
And we had identified a certain book where most of the risk basis our analytical tools, where the 
risk could emanate from. 
 
And that's the book which is now slowly winding down. And that's why you see this quarter, 
there's a substantial reduction, I mean, almost 50% in terms of the credit cost that's coming from 
that book. And that's why Vivek was saying that we'll continue to see positive benefits in the 
coming quarters. 
Vivek Tripathi: 
The credit cost would eventually come from the slippages, right? So slippages are a leading 
indicator that -- so in this book, my slippages has come down substantially from Q1 to Q2, and 
we would continue to see that momentum going forward. Maybe in the stand-alone basis, Q4 
should be more similar to what industry benchmarks are, right? That's what we think. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
And how much would this revolver would have been at the peak now that it has come down to 
25%? 
Gaurav Jain: 
So this would be around 35, 36. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pranuj from 3P Investment Managers. 
Pranuj: 
So just a couple of questions, both on the deposit front. So you have been pretty active in 
trimming your SA and TD rates. So from here on, what would be the key hope that you would 
have to gain share amongst the -- gain SA share amongst the customers? Previously, I think 
credit card and PL used to be one of the propositions which you used to cross-sell, but now what 
would be that hope? 
 
Second is you mentioned on your retail asset base, you are cross-selling SA. So if you could 
give some color, what is the self-funding ratio on your retail asset base? And what would be the 
pitch to move customers or to cross-sell the SA accounts to the customers? 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Prince Tiwari: 
Yes. So Pranuj, thanks for that question. See, I think the entire focus on build-out of SA has been 
to build granular SA, right? So that has to be on the basis of the engagement with the customer 
and the various products that we can try and cross-sell to the customer so that the engagement 
and the hook kind of increases. 
 
And that's why over the last 3 or 4 years or 5 years rather, we have been investing heavily in 
building out various hooks, which we can try and cross-sell. So you mentioned credit cards and 
PL. These are 2. 
 
And as we said in the earlier comment as well that we are looking to grow these businesses back. 
It's not that we are going to wind down these businesses, right? There has been some 
underwriting tweaks that we were doing. And having got some confidence, as I said, in a couple 
of quarters, we'll start growing that back, right? 
 
So that obviously remains one of the biggest hook. But apart from that, we have now got the 
insurance penetrations. We have now built out insurance partnership with more than 15 insurers, 
right, including LICs and SBI Life, right? 
 
Then we also have the entire wealth management that we have built out, right? And that is 
showing a good traction, right? Of course, SFB brand doesn't really help from a wealth 
perspective. But as we migrate to Universal, the team is ready. And incrementally, we are seeing 
traction, and we published those numbers. 
 
As I said, currently, the AUM is about INR1,600 crores, right? Then there is the entire AD1 
license where the FX and remittances piece is coming through. And I think in Gaurav's earlier 
commentary, he highlighted that the FX income is now growing almost 50%, of course, from a 
low base, right? But that also tells you that there is a lot of adoption in terms of remittances and 
in terms of customer forex requirements. 
 
We just launched the FX travel card as well. So I think the idea will be to try and reach out to a 
customer with a full basket of products, not necessarily only talk about interest rates. Of course, 
interest rates is important. But as we build the brand, probably we start putting interest rate in 
the rearview mirror and talk more about the bank, the products, the services, right? 
 
And maybe at some point in time, probably near future, I can also offer a very, let's say, a 
specialized rate on the saving -- on the car loans and housing loans to my liability customers. If 
somebody is maintaining good balances with me, I'm not going to incur a cost of acquisition, 
right? And there's bound to be lower credit cost on that business. 
 
So I don't really mind going to a customer with a complete bouquet of products rather than only 
talking about interest rates, right? So that's going to be the strategy and the team will need to 
work on. 
 
Distribution is definitely helping, right? Universal is definitely helping. As Sanjay ji said, just 
by getting the license itself, the number of conversations that we are now having with customers 
or the quality of customer conversations we are having with customers is very different than 
when we were probably SFB or early stages of our SFB life cycle. 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
 
Just last point, I think to your question, most of our asset customers are self-employed. I mean I 
know probably more than 90% plus maybe, but at least on the retail side, they're all self-
employed. So as of yet, because our cost of funds don't really allow us to reach out to a salaried 
customers like yourself, right? 
 
And that is where I need to bring you in with a liability and product and services and then try 
and cross-sell you on the asset with a specialized teaser rate. Hope that answers your question. 
Pranuj: 
Right. So is it fair to say the self-funding ratio would be quite low amongst the retail asset 
customers as of now? 
Prince Tiwari: 
Sorry, what was the question? 
Gaurav Jain: 
Yes, yes. So that's correct, right? Self-funding in the retail secured assets would be low. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
But that is with every bank because the retail asset we are building on is with the customer who 
lives in semi-urban and rural areas, right? That's why you get a yield of around 14% to 15%, 
right? You can't expect those customers having enough money to keep in the bank account, 
right? But our commercial banking self-funding as Vivek is around what 40%. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Which (commercial banking) contributes to 6% of the (CASA) and in fact, even on the retail 
side, we have made a beginning. As you said, I think we have opened 95,000 accounts from 
(retail)  
Sanjay Agarwal: 
That is close to 10% only, right? So if you have INR80,000 crores of book of retail assets, and 
it's just INR8,000, INR10,000 kind of deposit, right? So -- and we don't expect, honestly, to get 
a deposit from our retail customers. Rather, we want to cross-sell them insurance, we want to 
cross-sell them maybe the PL or BL in case they need it, right? So we earn decent ROA from 
our asset customer. That's our business model. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. 
Piran Engineer: 
Congrats on the quarter. Just firstly, 1 clarification. Prince, you mentioned LGD in vehicle is -- 
I didn't hear it correctly, but did you say 35% to 40%? 
Prince Tiwari: 
Bps. I mean, 35-40 bps. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
We have PCR of around 70% on wheel book, then 50% is only the real LGD, right? So he meant 
that. 
Vivek Tripathi: 
Yes. So basically, when loss given default is very different than the accounting entry in terms of 
the provisioning, right? So when we repossess the asset and sell it, eventually, what is my 
principal loss, right? That is what Prince has mentioned, somewhere around 40 bps, right, 35 to 
40 bps. That's the actual number. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Overall basis. Of course, some book would be giving you more, some be giving you less. But 
overall, it's not more than 50% of our provisioning. 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. Understood. Fair enough. Okay. Just coming from my questions. Firstly, given that your 
mix of loans has changed in the last 1.5, 2 years, first, you got the MFI book, now you've run it 
down, and we've seen this whole cycle play out. At what level would your gross slippage ratio 
sort of stabilize? Because obviously, currently also while it's improved, I don't think this is a 
steady- state number, INR900 crores a quarter. So what should we assume as a steady-state 
number? 
Vivek Tripathi: 
It's not something which we are targeting something. But yes, obviously, as these 2 assets, right, 
credit card and microfinance would stabilize, eventually, it's about 2.5% kind of a slippage ratio 
we would have, right? 
Prince Tiwari: 
Yes. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. 2.5%. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Yes, 2.5% to 3%. I mean, that will be the range that we'll work with or historically, we have 
worked with because even on the retail businesses, typically, there is a tendency of the customers 
slipping into NPA and then recovering back, right? So I think anything around 2.5% to 3% 
annualized slippage rate is where we should stabilize finally. But that's just a ballpark. I mean 
it's not a number that we target or we have a defined target around that number. We track credit 
costs more importantly. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. And just secondly, now I know you're not explicitly calling out 
how much NIMs will finally recover to over the next 3, 4, 5 quarters. But would you be still 
targeting erstwhile NIMs of 6%, 6.1% as in -- okay, or my question really is, let's say, your TDs 
reprice downwards, but you still hit a NIM of only 5.7%, 5.8%. Will you resort to, say, further 
SA rate cuts or actions on the asset side to get back to that 6% NIM? 
Gaurav Jain: 
So look, we don't want to guide specifically on NIM. I think we have talked about all the 
components of NIM, right? So the deposit rates will continue to come down. We are through 
almost all of the repricing from the repo rate cuts. Prince has spoken about asset mix changes, 
right? 
 
So effectively, your NIM would be a function of asset mix, right? And your current yields on 
the other books, which may be subject to competitive or market pressures, right, and would 
depend on your cost of funds and reversal of excess liquidity, right, especially in the lower 
quarter, right?. 
Prince Tiwari: 
when it came to 6, the Leverage was low 
Gaurav Jain: 
Yes. And then there are 2 components to look out for is you have very high slippages in your 
unsecured assets, which have been detracting from NIM through interest income reversals, right? 
So once my credit quality sort of stabilizes in those 2 books, that will not be detracting and they 
will be adding to the positive asset mix as well, right? 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
 
So there are a lot of moving parts. And then the other thing is sort of the capital structure that 
the Board decides to run on the Universal Banking platform, right? So a lot of moving points. 
What I can tell you is we will get better from here. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashlesh Sonje from Kotak Securities. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Just one question from my side. If I look at your mortgages business, including both LAP -- 
including both housing loans and MBL, if you look at some of your core states, let's say, if you 
pick up Rajasthan and MP, do you see any elevation in the delinquency level, let's say, over the 
last 1, 1.5 years? 
Vivek Tripathi: 
Ashlesh, Vivek here. See, both markets are different impact. When you're clubbing them, both 
behave differently. Rajasthan has a very different credit culture. MP has a very different -- it's 
more of an agri economy. So agriculture cycles will impact. Having said that, there is no 
significant difference in what it was there last year and what we are seeing this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Taluja from Aditya Birla Sun Life Asset 
Management. 
Himanshu Taluja: 
Congratulations on a good set of the numbers. Just a few small questions as most of the questions 
have been answered. Sir, given your opex, you have partly -- on the opex strategy, partly you 
already answered in the Nitin question that you don't want any opex to be on a front-loaded and 
will be on a more long-term basis. 
 
But anything from a -- given you wanted to transition in the next 5 quarters as a Universal Bank, 
any further investments which may be required towards the operational or on the digital journeys 
before you wanted to transition this? 
 
Second is, are you working towards an internal strategy where you wanted to keep the opex as 
a threshold -- cost-to-income ratio around the 60% level? And lastly, any gaps which have you 
identified before you wanted to successfully move this transition? Yes, that's it. 
Gaurav Jain: 
So on your first question, right, around expenses for transition, there is nothing specifically that 
we need to invest. As we have spoken multiple times, we have invested in the platform ahead of 
the time, right, in each of its aspects, whether it's product development, whether it's tech, whether 
it's team, whether it's governance, right? 
 
So the bank is fully ready to transition to a universal platform without having to incur any 
additional expense, right? So any expense that we choose to incur is discretionary, and that will 
be around the marketing expense that Sanjay ji spoke about, right? So that's the first point. 
 
The second point on expenses -- on your cost-income ratios, right? I think the way to think about 
it is we have guided to a 60% cost income as sort of as the maximum, and we want to stay below 
that. Now 2 things, right? So we think we can grow our balance sheet sustainably at between 
20% to 25% on a multiyear basis, right? And my growth in opex would be lower than that 
because of operating leverage and because of tech-driven efficiencies, right? 

 
 
AU Small Finance Bank Limited
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
 
Now as a result of these efficiencies, we will have capacity to invest for our growth as well, 
right? And that's a calibration that we do sort of on an annual basis, on a semiannual basis, 
depending on the trajectory of the business. So net-net, we would be better -- we would try and 
target sort of a cost-income ratio, which is better than 60%, and we would be better than 4.3% 
on an opex to asset basis. 
Himanshu Taluja: 
Sure. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Okay. Did you have a third question as well? Or was that it? 
Himanshu Taluja: 
Yes, that's it. Broadly, I think you have already answered on the third question. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Prince Tiwari for closing comments. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Thank you, Rutuja, and thank you, everyone, for joining the call and for your questions and for 
all your support. In case you have any further questions, kindly reach out to the IR team. Good 
evening and good night. Happy Diwali to all of you. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Thank you. Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of AU Small Finance Bank, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
