CONCORD BIOTECH LIMITED 
B-1601-1602, B-wing Mondeal Heights, Iskcon Cross Road, S. G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380015, Gujarat. 
Phone : +91-79-68138700  Fax : +91-79-68138725 CIN No.: L24230GJ1984PLC007440  
Email ID: complianceofficer@concordbiotech.com 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Regd. Office & Plant : 1482-1486, Trasad Road, Dholka, Dist. Ahmedabad-382225. (India) 
Phone : +91-2714-222604, 398200  Fax : +91-2714-222504 Website : www.concordbiotech.com 
November 19, 2025 
To 
The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Plot No. C/1 G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai -400 051 
Symbol: CONCORDBIO 
To 
General Manager, Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejabhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543960 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Subject: Transcripts of Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings call held on November 14, 2025 
 
In continuation of our letter dated November 15, 2024 regarding Audio recording of the Audited 
(Standalone and Consolidated) Financial Results of the company for the Second Quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2025, Earnings call for Investors and Analysts and pursuant to Regulation 30 (6) of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 2015, the transcripts of the Earnings call for 
the said period enclosed herewith and available on the website of the company at the following link after 
sending this letter to you. Also please note that this transcript and the audio recording of the call, both 
have been uploaded on our website as follows:  
 
https://concordbiotech.com/investor/ 
 
Kindly take the same into your records and oblige. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully 
  
For Concord Biotech Limited 
 
 
 
Ms. Hina Patel 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(ACS:56541) 
Encl: as above 
Hina Ronak Patel
Digitally signed by Hina Ronak 
Patel 
Date: 2025.11.19 09:50:44 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Concord Biotech Limited Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 14th November 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SUDHIR VAID – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
CONCORD BIOTECH LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR VAID – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CONCORD BIOTECH LIMITED 
MR. LALIT SETHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, CONCORD BIOTECH 
LIMITED 
MR. PRAKASH SAJNANI – ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT, ACCOUNTS & 
FINANCE, CONCORD BIOTECH LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRANAV CHAWLA – AMBIT CAPITAL PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Concord Biotech 
Limited 2QFY'26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital. 
As a reminder, all the participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations 
of the company as of the date of this call. These statements do not 
guarantee the future performance of the company, and they may 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav Chawla. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Pranav Chawla: 
Welcome to the 2Q and 1HFY'26 Earnings Conference Call of Concord 
Biotech Limited. We thank the Management of Concord for providing 
us with the opportunity to host this earnings call.  
From the company today, we have Mr. Sudhir Vaid – Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Ankur Vaid – Joint Managing Director and CEO, 
Mr. Lalit Sethi – CFO, and Mr. Prakash Sajnani – AVP (Accounts and 
Finance). 
 
I would now invite Mr. Sudhir Vaid, Chairman and Managing Director 
of Concord Biotech Limited, to give his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
Sudhir Vaid: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our Q2 & H1FY26 
earnings conference call. 
Revenues for Q2FY26 stood at Rs. 247 crores, while H1FY26 revenues were Rs. 451 
crore. The subdued performance is primarily due delay in Written confirmations from 
CDSCO, deferment of a government tender for Middle East region and shift in 
procurement patterns from US customers on the back of tariff uncertainties. We have 
experienced such cycles & uncertainties in the past and emerged stronger. We believe 
that this is just a timing difference & postponement of sales & not loss of business. 
Based on early discussions and forecasts, we anticipate a stronger performance in H2.  
On the EBITDA front, the decline was primarily due to the commercialization of our 
new injectables facility at Valthera, which had a temporary impact on margins. 
Excluding these initial start-up costs, our EBITDA margin stood at 41%. As the facility 
ramps up and achieves higher utilization levels, we expect it to start contributing 
positively to our overall margins in the coming quarters. 
Despite the challenges, I’m pleased to share that the last six months have been quite 
eventful on the regulatory front. We hosted multiple site inspections across our 
facilities — Unit II went through its emerging market inspections, and Unit III, our 
largest fermentation facility, successfully completed its first EU inspection. We also 
had successful inspections at Unit-1, Dholka from key global regulatory agencies such 
as USFDA and EU authorities. These successful outcomes give us the confidence and 
the credentials to enter new markets and secure regular supplies. 
In addition to the strong regulatory progress over the last six months, we also 
successfully executed several key strategic initiatives. Notably, we received USFDA 
approval to market Teriflunomide Tablets, marking another important addition to our 
portfolio. We also incorporated Stellon Biotech Inc., which will drive the marketing, 
distribution, and commercialization of Concord Biotech’s products in the U.S. market. 
Stellon will manage end-to-end commercial operations while ensuring full regulatory 
compliance, establishing our direct commercial footprint in the U.S. and advancing our 
goal of expanding market access and unlocking greater value across key global 
markets. 
We incorporated Concord Lifegen Limited as a wholly owned subsidiary to strengthen 
our domestic marketing, sales, and distribution capabilities. This move will enable us 
to sharpen our market focus, deepen customer engagement, and enhance our brand 
presence in India. 
We have also invested in Cellimmune Biotech Limited which is working on new ways 
to treat cancer using the body’s own immune system. Celliimune is developing 
advanced therapies like CAR-T cells, which are specifically designed to find and destroy 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
cancer cells. The goal is to move beyond traditional chemotherapy and offer smarter, 
more personalized options for treatment. 
Speaking about our CDMO opportunities, we remain actively engaged with clients and 
remain optimistic on finalizing some of the opportunities in the near term.  
With our strong product portfolio, requisite regulatory approvals, marquee clientele 
base and diversified business opportunities, we remain confident on our long-term 
strategies to grow.  
With this I hand over the call to Mr. Ankur Vaid, Joint MD & CEO of Concord Biotech 
Limited. 
Ankur Vaid: 
Thank you, Sir. 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
We have reported revenue of Rs. 247 crs in Q2FY26, a growth of 21% compared to last 
quarter, however on a year-on-year basis there has been a dip of ~20%. For H1 our revenues 
stood at Rs. 451 crs. The subdued revenue performance has been on account of 3 major 
reasons impacting the overall growth. 
• First being the renewal application for Written Confirmation from the Central Drugs 
Standard Control Organization (CDSCO), New Delhi—a prerequisite for selling 
products in the European Union. Although the application was submitted in July, 
processing delays impacted our EU sales, as shipments could not be dispatched 
without this approval. We received the Written Confirmation on 4th November 2025, 
and it is now visible on their website. Shipments that were on hold have now resumed 
and contributed to revenues in the  current quarter. So, in summary this is not a 
business loss this is just a timing difference where we were not able to sell in Q2 but 
will not ship in Q3.  
• The second issue relates to a government supply contract in the Middle East that was 
being executed through an Indian entity. This contract has been deferred due to 
regional uncertainties and ongoing conflict. We remain optimistic that the contract 
will resume soon, allowing us to recover the associated revenue going forward. 
• Lastly, we experienced a temporary shift in procurement patterns, particularly from 
our U.S. customers, driven by the ongoing tariff situation. However, following the 
clarification in September that these tariffs do not apply to generic drugs, order 
inflows have now returned to normal levels. Additionally, progress on the second-
source opportunity had also been slow due to the uncertainty, but with the tariff 
clarity, clients have begun responding more quickly. This positive development 
positions us to accelerate our second-source engagements with multiple customers 
and capture a larger share of the market 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
Overall, these are largely timing-related factors rather than structural ones, and we will try to 
mitigate the impact in H2 for the shift in the business, having said that we remain confident 
about the underlying demand and the strength of our products which will enable us to capture 
a larger market share.  
If we exclude these timing-related issues and the temporary shift in business, the underlying 
unit economics remain strong. The deferral of revenues to the following period affected 
overall margins due to de-operating leverage; however, excluding this impact, both gross 
margins and EBITDA have remained stable to improving. Additionally, if we adjust for the 
expenses from our injectable facility—where revenues will accrue in the upcoming period—
our EBITDA margin stands at a solid 41%. With higher revenues expected from the injectable 
facility and the recovery of deferred revenues in the second half, we are well positioned to 
sustain and further strengthen our margins going forward.  
Let me speak about a few positive developments: 
• Over the past six months, we have secured multiple regulatory approvals across our 
sites, strengthening business continuity and enhancing global market access. Our 
Dholka facility has received USFDA, EU-GMP, and Russian GMP certifications, while 
our Vathera facility obtained NAFDAC approval from the Nigerian authority for OSD. 
Additionally, our Limbasi facility has been granted EU-GMP certification. These 
approvals will help us broaden our customer base across regions and ensure 
consistent supply. 
• We are also in advanced discussions with innovator companies for generic API supplies 
and are witnessing strong positive traction on this front. 
• Furthermore, we have been actively pursuing qualification initiatives for second-
source opportunities, which are now progressing at an accelerated pace. Once we 
achieve second-source qualification, it will only be a matter of time before we expand 
our wallet share and potentially transition into a primary supplier over the long term. 
• Speaking about our newly commissioned injectable facility, we are witnessing a strong 
rise in enquiries and revenue traction. Our products have been successfully validated, 
and customer acceptance continues to grow. With the increasing interest and 
improving revenue run-rate, we anticipate stronger visibility and sustained growth 
from this segment going forward 
Alongside injectables, our CDMO business continues to progress well and represents a 
significant long-term growth driver, with a large addressable opportunity. We possess both 
the capability and capacity to serve this market effectively.  We remain actively engaged with 
clients and remain optimistic on finalizing some of the opportunities in the near term 
 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
Over the years, we have successfully positioned Concord as a leading supplier of 
fermentation-based API products, creating a distinct niche within this space. 
Our business is built on deep expertise in complex fermentation processes, operational 
excellence, product development, and R&D capabilities — all of which have enabled us to 
create strong entry barriers and establish a sustainable competitive advantage. With a 
diversified portfolio across therapeutic areas, scaled-up manufacturing facilities, flexible plant 
configurations, robust regulatory approvals, and an impeccable compliance record supported 
by backward integration, we have emerged as a trusted partner for our global customers. 
With this I hand over the call to Lalit Sethi, our Chief Financial Officer for Financial & 
Operational performance. 
Lalit Sethi: 
Thank You Sir, let me take you through the financial and operational 
performance for the quarter  
On revenue front,  
• 
Our revenues for Q2FY26 stood at Rs. 247 crs as compared to Rs. 310 crs in same 
period last year, a de growth of 20%, however on a Q-o-Q basis revenues have grown 
by 21%. 
• 
Our revenues of H1FY26 stood at Rs. 451 crs as compared to Rs. 526 crs in H1FY25 
• 
Revenue from API business stood at Rs. 345 crores in H1FY26 against Rs. 401 crores 
during the same period last year.  
• 
Revenue from Formulation business in H1FY26 stood at Rs. 106 crs as compared to Rs. 
125 crs in the same period last year,  
• 
Revenue from domestic business stood at Rs. 247 crs in H1FY26 & from exports stood 
at Rs. 204 crs 
 
Speaking on EBITDA 
• 
EBITDA for this quarter stood at Rs. 88 crs and for H1FY26 it stood at Rs. 150 crs 
compared to 218 crs. EBIDTA grew by ~44% on a Q-o-Q basis. 
• 
EBIDTA margins stood at 36%, but if we negate the impact of the expenses for 
injectable facility the comparable EBIDTA stood at 41%.  
 
On Profit After Tax 
• 
Profit after tax stood at Rs. 63 crs for Q2FY26 and for H1FY26 it stood at Rs. 107 crs, 
with a PAT margin of 24% 
 
With this I shall now leave the floor open for Q&A. 
 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question comes from the line of Chintan Sheth from 
Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Sheth: 
On the results front, if you can quantify the revenue loss for the EU 
part, just to help us, how much of growth we have anticipated,  which 
we could not execute because of the challenges we faced during the 
quarter. If you can just quantify if  those challenges were not in place, 
how much revenue growth or how much revenue can be spilled over 
into subsequent quarters, would be helpful. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, on account of the written confirmation, the total amount was close 
to around INR 20 crores to INR 25 crores, which, as I mentioned that 
has been realized in Quarter 3, On  account of  the Middle East tender, 
that amount also stood at around INR 20 crores, for which, as I 
mentioned, we still do not have clarity, and there is a deferment of the 
tender. So, part of it has been realized in Quarter 3. The other part, we 
are still awaiting clarity from the government on the tender results or 
when it will be opened up. 
Chintan Sheth: 
And that seems the full-year guidance will continue to be healthy if we 
add this back up. We are anyways single digit or slightly lower on a Y-
o-Y basis. Prima facie, the annual run rate or annual growth does not 
seem to be very much affected because of the weak Q2 in the first half. 
Ankur Vaid: 
No, as I mentioned, that there had been a temporary shift in the 
procurement patterns because of the  U.S. tariffs, and this has 
impacted the industry as a whole. So, as I mentioned, we expect to 
recover , deferred revenue in the coming quarters, but the exact timing 
and the quantum is difficult to specify at this stage.  

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
But that being said, our current visibility for H2 is strong, and we are 
seeing positive indicators. We anticipate delivering growth in H2 higher 
compared to what it was in FY '22 of second half. But the magnitude 
will depend on several factors. So, we are kind of working towards 
achieving that growth, but we will be in a better position to provide 
clarity only by Quarter 4. 
Chintan Sheth: 
And on the CDMO opportunity, any color on the ongoing one of the 
projects we won last quarter? Any color on how it is progressing? You 
mentioned that the final or confirmed offtake guidelines will be 
provided next year as the product gets launched and ramped up in the 
end market. But if you can, how has that been the progress, then it 
would be helpful. 
Ankur Vaid: 
Yes, again, there is no change there. So, we continue to supply them 
quantities. They are also in the process of increasing their field force to 
cater to this new product that they have launched in the U.S. And we 
will be getting the visibility on the forecasting by, as I mentioned earlier 
also in our previous discussions, by the next year.  
 
So, we have executed orders. We continue to have orders in place that 
we will be executing. But our customer will be able to provide a much 
better visibility by the beginning of next year because by then they 
would have the field force, and they will have also put the inventory or 
finished products in the market in all areas. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Last, we turn to the U.S. part. I believe that last year, the full year, the 
contribution of the U.S. to our overall revenue was somewhere around 
INR 100-odd crores, which was  10%-12% of the overall revenue. Given 
the fact that the visibility of the tariff situation, even though the clarity 
has came through, the pattern still remains a little blurry for you to 
provide that at the timing of the reversal of all the shipments, which 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
we couldn't deliver this quarter. Do you feel that, that portion of the 
business will face some degrowth this year, or how should we look at 
it? 
Ankur Vaid: 
No. As I mentioned earlier, while our direct sales to the U.S. were 
around 10%,, we are also supplying material to Indian companies,  and 
they are manufacturing the finished formulation and then supply it to 
the U.S. market. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Those indirect sales. 
Ankur Vaid: 
Exactly. . Therefore, the impact would also have come through   the 
indirect route, as I mentioned. However, as, our current visibility on H2 
stays strong. And this deferment of revenue, we will try to mitigate to 
the extent possible. But the magnitude, I will be unable to kind of give 
through. But definitely, the H2 is going to be stronger than H2 of FY'25. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Ankur, thank you so much for the explanation. I will join back in queue 
for other queries.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Hardik Doshi from White 
Whale Partners. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Doshi: 
Just continuing on the previous question. If you add, let's say, even INR 
50 crore of revenues from these two one-offs, there is still a slight de-
growth on year-on-year basis , on a decline in overall revenue. I think 
we get to about INR 300 crore versus INR 310 crore last year. I 
understand that there is this U.S. demand deferment as well that 
happened. Some of it would have come indirectly, as you mentioned, 
from the customer. Is there any way to quantify that?  
 
And the second question is, what happens to the customers in Europe 
who did not get the orders in time? I mean, do they kind of switch to 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
other suppliers, and then how does this impact your long-term 
relationship with them? 
Ankur Vaid: 
It is difficult to quantify because when we supply the API to our 
domestic formulation customers, they make the formulations and 
cater to global markets such as the U.S., Australia, New Zealand, LatAm, 
and other markets. So, how much quantity of that has moved to the 
U.S, as API manufacturers, we would not know but we know that we 
have issued them a letter of access for different markets. So, we know 
that their end markets are all, but what has been the split between 
those markets, even as API manufacturers, we would not know. So, 
that is to answer your first question.  
 
The second question, with respect to the EU, our EU customers were 
also very worried in terms of this delay of the written confirmation 
because some of them were  at a stockout situation, or say, close to a 
stockout situation. And they were worried that if this thing had moved 
on to December, we would be somewhere getting closer to the 
December holidays for Europe. So, they were also worried, and there 
were concerns with them also.  
 
However, in the APIs, particularly in fermentation, where there are 
limited players, there is also a lot of stickiness. And our relationship 
with these customers goes much beyond 10-15 years. So, our 
customers also understand that this is not something that is in the 
hands of Concord, but we are also relying on third parties, but they 
were also a bit jittery in terms of   not getting the material delivered,  
and  positively that issue is behind them, and we have not seen any 
concerns after that since we  have informed them about the written 
confirmation. 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
Hardik Doshi: 
Has this issue happened with CDSCO in the past as well, or is this the 
first time? 
Ankur Vaid: 
No. We receive the approvals every three years. The last time, there 
was no issue as such. It is not an annual thing. But yes, I mean, for us, 
such a long duration was a first time. 
Hardik Doshi: 
The other question I had was that we have been talking about kind of 
diversifying into other areas like away from  immunosuppressants  and 
built in the other verticals. So, can you maybe give some sense or color 
in terms of numbers in the sense that what is the proportion last year, 
where is it now, and what kind of growth rate is happening in 
immunosuppressant versus the rest? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, most of the development that is happening on the new product side 
is primarily happening in the non-immuno segment. The product like 
Nystatin that we launched in February, March, and where we have said 
that we are seeing a lot of second-source conversions also happening, 
that second-source conversion in Nystatin, we continue to observe.  
 
But in this case, the quantum of API required is relatively very small. So, 
you may not see it in the revenue contributions, but that effect has 
already started taking place in Nystatin. And we are pretty confident 
that once the product becomes commercial with them, we will see a 
good market penetration of Nystatin, which is an anti-infective 
product.  
 
The couple of innovators that we said we are trying to work with, one 
of them is in the oncology segment. So, it is also in the non-immuno. As 
time progresses, we will see greater market penetration in the other 
segments. However, immunosuppressants have a much longer life 
cycle, and as a result, their contribution levels are higher.  

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
So, it is also, in a way, an added advantage because our innovators see 
that Concord has a good market share with the generics, so why not 
work with Concord for their supplies as well? So, it also, in a way, helps 
us to kind of build business with the innovators on the 
immunosuppressant. But the new products penetration is also 
happening in the non-immunosuppressant, as I mentioned. 
Hardik Doshi: 
What is the current, like what percentage of revenue is coming from 
immunosuppressants currently? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, for the six months, it is  around 76%. 
Hardik Doshi: 
And let's say two to three years out, I mean, can this come down to like 
50%, or it would not be at that stage? 
Ankur Vaid: 
No, no. It won't dip that much because, as I said, newer products will 
take time to build up, but we anticipate bringing it below 70%. 
Hardik Doshi: 
Just one last question is on the, we are obviously expanding our 
formulation business. Just from a customer perspective, I just want to 
understand, does that create any conflict because we are going to the 
market and kind of competing with them in certain products? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, it's been nine years now that we have been on the market  on the 
finished product. We have not seen any concern on that matter. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, Firstly, the delay in EU as well as Middle East, was it for API or 
formulations or both? 
Ankur Vaid: 
APIs. 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
Alankar Garude: 
So then what is the reason for the sharp drop in formulation sales on a 
year-on-year basis? 
Ankur Vaid: 
Sorry, my mistake. Again, I will stand corrected. The written 
confirmation is on the API, and the Middle East one is on the 
formulations, which is through an Indian entity that we have supplied 
to. I stand corrected. 
Alankar Garude: 
Ankur, this CDSCO deferral, it seems a bit uncommon. So, you explained 
the issue, but what can we do to avoid such issues in the future? 
Ankur Vaid: 
We can all represent to the government that they should move on. 
Actually, I will tell you that there were  certain issues with respect to 
compliance,  we did face the cough syrup issue because when we 
followed up with the authorities, they mentioned that around that 
time, the whole cough syrup issue came up, and all the authority 
people  were  occupied  in addressing the issue.  
 
So, there was a lot of delay in terms of looking at the documentation 
because of this matter. So, I think this delay probably is, to our 
understanding, because of that. Of course, we don't know the real 
reasons for that, but what we believe is that it is because of this. 
Ankur Vaid: 
I mean, I am sure other companies would have also faced similar issues. 
Because when you go online and you see, we do see that between the 
time that they have got the approval and the time that they have 
submitted, the timelines look to be a little bit more stretched out. But 
my sense is it is because of the concerns that they saw from the 
industry on this whole cough syrup issue. That is what our 
understanding would be.  
 
But if you see that this was a renewal, the previous confirmation was 
getting expired in July, and we had made the application in June after 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
our US FDA and our EU inspection. We had made the application in 
June. So, the expectation was that by July, August, or so, we should get 
the approval. But I think it got delayed by a couple of months because 
of this issue. 
Alankar Garude: 
The second question is, I mean, even if we adjust for the INR 45 crores 
of delayed sales, both the EU aspect as well as the Middle East contract, 
our first-half sales have still declined by 5%-6% on a year-on-year basis.  
 
You spoke about YoY growth in the second half, and we have that 25% 
long-term guidance also, which we were given. Now, the base is also 
fairly high as far as the fourth quarter FY'26 is concerned. So, 
qualitatively, is it possible for you to provide any comments on the 
extent of growth you are expecting in the second half? 
Ankur Vaid: 
As I mentioned, we anticipate that the growth in H2 is going to be 
better compared to what it was in FY'25. But as I mentioned earlier, the 
magnitude, we do not know because we depend upon several factors. 
So, while we have more visibility on Q3, we know what potentially 
could come in Q4, but that clarity, we could be in a better position only 
in Q4 that we could give.  
 
But from where we see things right now, our H2 numbers look to be 
better than last year's H2. But as I said, if what has impacted has 
impacted the U.S. tariff issue, if it has impacted, it has impacted others 
as well, particularly companies. So, Concord would be no different 
there.  
 
So, this is more of a timing thing. It is not a loss of the business 
opportunity. So, we will try to mitigate it to the extent possible. We 
have to see how much we can do this year. But that quantum, we will 
have to wait and see how that goes.  

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
And when it comes to the guidance, as I said, I mean, we have spoken 
on multiple occasions, Alankar, that it is not guidance basically, 
Concord has all the right ingredients in place to achieve a 25% CAGR, 
whether it is in terms of the facility, in terms of the product mix, or in 
terms of the new facilities that we have set up, which were not 
contributing earlier to the overall growth that we have historically 
seen. So, that's where we get the confidence of going to that number 
as capacities from injectable units start picking up, as CDMO starts 
picking up. So, I will reiterate that we have all the things in place to go 
to that.  
 
Now, there can be dips like these. This is definitely an unusual dip we 
have also not seen, and I am sure you people have not seen this kind of 
volatility in global markets because of the conflicts, because of the 
uncertainties in the U.S. But many of those things are behind us. So, I 
think that is how we are seeing things improving, and what we have 
also seen  the improvement in the second half of the year. 
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough, Ankur. The next one is, can you comment on the pricing 
of your immunosuppressant portfolio in particular, especially in the 
context of these challenges around the shift in procurement patterns 
you mentioned earlier? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, the shift in the procurement patterns doesn’t really change the 
pricing. But our pricing, as you see, customers that we have been 
working with have been fairly stable. And if you see that excluding the 
injectables or excluding the Stellon, our EBITDA stands at 41%, which is 
pretty much in line with what you would have seen historically.  
 
So, pricing with the current customers would not change. But yes, of 
course, with certain newer customers who may be bringing in larger 
volumes, in case there is an expectation on better pricing, then that is 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
something that, in the larger interest, we may look at on a case-by-case 
basis on what could be done, but things have been fairly stable, I would 
say, with the existing customer base. 
Alankar Garude: 
And the final bookkeeping one, Lalitji, can you share the utilization 
rates for the three facilities, or maybe the injectable one as well? 
Lalit Sethi: 
The injectable has just started. So, it is not much utilization as far as the 
capacity is concerned. But as far as Unit-1 capacity utilization is 
concerned, it is around 76% for the H1. And for Valthera, it is around 
24%. And for Limbasi, it is around 52%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Huseain Bharuchwala from 
Carnelian Capital. Please go ahead. 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
I just wanted to understand. I think we have earlier done some 
contracts on the CDMO part with some of our customers, and I think 
we have done a few dispatches on that front. So, any color on that, 
basically, how are things shaping up with those customers? Are there 
further opportunities that are opening up  which can build in future 
revenues for us in the CDMO side? Because we are in discussion for the 
second supplier, but the earlier dispatches on those clients, can there 
be a meaningful, sustainable revenue that can be built? 
Ankur Vaid: 
On the CDMO front, is what you are asking? 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
Yes. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, on the CDMO front, currently, on the commercial side, we have only 
one project. And as I mentioned, sales of that have started, and it is 
progressing well. But by next yearonly we will have more clarity in 
terms of how the full year looks. The rest of the projects that we have 
commercialized, we have a couple of  which have been 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
commercialized, but the quantum is relatively small there. And some 
of them are with the intent to kind of build a larger relationship with 
that global MNC company. So, basically, it is like making inroads into 
that account. So, those are smaller opportunities, and that is why we 
have not highlighted that.  
 
But the commercial one is just one right now. We had been in 
discussion, as we have mentioned in earlier conversations, that we 
have been in discussion with two potential innovator companies, of 
which one was put on hold because of this whole Trump issue. So, we 
have again started reaching out to them now that there is clarity that 
they don’t get impacted even if they look at Concord as a potential 
supplier for their product. 
 
So, hopefully, we could get some visibility in the coming few quarters 
in terms of once their confidence level also builds up, that if they do 
take that step, they won’t have any impact. So, I think we will continue 
to engage with them with the hope that in the coming quarters, we 
should  hear some positive news from them. 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
Further on this, I would like to know, the molecules that you are 
working on with them, are they early-stage molecules? If you can give 
some color, are they late-stage molecules? Any sense on that? 
Ankur Vaid: 
No. These are commercial molecules. They are already commercially 
selling these molecules in the U.S., so they are not under development, 
but commercial products. 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
That's it from my side. Thank You. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kartik from Bajaj Life. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Kartik: 
I would like to know about your investment in the CAR-T cell therapy. 
So, which stage is it? How much time would it take to commercialize? 
And what will be the scope of it? Will that be only restricted to India or 
also in the other geographies like the U.S.? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, right now, what we are doing is we are doing the development part 
in the CAR-T cell therapy. Basically, once we have the prototype ready, 
we will be targeting multiple indications. I wouldn't name the 
indications that we will be targeting at this stage because while we do 
know what we want to, but it's a little early to kind of give it out.  
 
But right now, the development work is happening. We expect that for 
the next 12 to 15 months, we will be focused on the development 
aspect of it. And then this is something that we are primarily targeting 
the Indian market because this would also require some clinical studies 
to be done.  
 
But as we work on this, this also opens up the opportunity to kind of 
work with global players or to kind of showcase the capabilities that 
Concord would develop in these coming 6 to 12 months in this space. 
So, the idea would be to not only cater to what we are doing in this 
area for the Indian market, but also to kind of cater as a potential 
partner when we reach out to global players in this space. 
Kartik: 
Secondly, if you can split the U.S. and ex-U.S. revenue in the export, 
how would that be? 
Lalit Sethi 
That could be in this quarter; it is around 7% to the U.S., and the 
remaining 38 % % is to the rest of the world.  
Ankur Vaid: 
This is direct U.S. 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
Kartik: 
So, that is 7% of the total revenue is from the U.S., and let's say 38% is 
from the ex-U.S. countries of the total revenue. 
Lalit  Sethi : 
Yes. 
Kartik: 
And about the injectable facility, like in the last two quarters, we have 
put in some costs in the injectable facility, which has turned down to 
our EBITDA. How long will this cost continue? Will that continue in the 
third quarter and fourth? 
Ankur Vaid: 
We have been informing our investors on this matter for quite some 
time that there is this facility  which will be getting commercialized. It 
was to get commercialized in November and December, which did get 
in March. So, it does take some amount of time for it to start generating 
levels for break-evens. Now, for the initial year, we had mentioned that 
this is going to be primarily targeting the India market, and after 12 to 
18 months, we will start seeing revenues coming from the emerging 
markets.  
 
So, in the India market, we have already started doing it under our own 
branded generics. But as informed in our earlier calls as well, that once 
we have the WHO GMP, which we expect that by January or February, 
we will have it, after that, we will start engaging with the companies 
for out licensing activities. So, in the  next year, we expect the India 
business to fully pick up by our own branded generic sales as well as 
manufacturing for third parties.  
 
The quantum is, again, a little early to say because what we would be 
focusing on is that we are a backwardly integrated company. So, with 
all quality focus right from API to the finish, because no other company 
than Concord makes the API and is integrated to the finish formulation,  

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
So, there is an advantage that we will be giving it to our customers. But 
how many customers we work with and at what time frame, that will 
kind of, it could be in the first quarter, it could be in the second quarter. 
So, it is a little early to say, but the approach is what we can talk about 
is that the next year is going to be about India. And after that, it is going 
to be the emerging market.  
 
Now, this facility can do close to INR 400 crores to INR 600 crores, but 
the potential market for the products that we are manufacturing or 
intend to manufacture from this site is over INR 3,000 crores to INR 
4,000 crores. So, absorbing this facility for the Indian market itself is not 
a problem, but we have to see which customers we kind of work with 
and what the quantum is that we get out of those customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aditya Pal  from MSA Capital 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Adityapal: 
Sir, just wanted to understand from you, so in our first concall, a couple 
of years back, we had said that our Dholka facility has a revenue 
potential of INR 600 crores, and the Limbasi facility has a revenue 
potential of close to INR 1,600 crores to INR 1,700 crores of revenue at, 
obviously, 75%-80% capacity utilization. So, I just wanted clarification, 
The Limbasi and Dholka facility takes into consideration that some part 
of the capacity will be manufactured for our Valthera units. Is my 
understanding correct? 
Ankur Vaid: 
Correct. That is correct. Not only for Valthera, but also for Dholka, 
because it can also be manufacturing certain raw materials, certain 
intermediates, which may be, say, now we may be using it from the 
Limbasi facility, while this facility kind of caters to other products. 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Aditya Pal  
And also a bookkeeping question. If you can give me the capacity 
utilization across our four units. 
Lalit Sethi : 
As I said, the injectable is the new facility which has been commissioned 
in the month of March. The remaining three units, which are the Dholka 
facility,  is operated at around 76% in H1 2025- 26. The Valthera facility, 
the OSD facility, has worked at around 24.31% in H1FY  2026. And the 
Limbasi facility has worked at 52% in H1 2026. 
Aditya Pal : 
Sir, now that we are targeting CMO opportunities for larger 
international manufacturers, I wanted to understand from you that the 
products that we will manufacture for them, the generic APIs part that 
we will manufacture, will be more of our own existing catalog products, 
or will they be more of non-catalog products because we have 
fermentation manufacturing excellence? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, the products that we manufacture do not get classified under CMO. 
They are our products. So, they get classified under our API business. 
Only products where we are working with the third party's IPR and their 
intellectual document, I mean, their process, that is where we say it is 
classified under the CMO. So, our own manufactured products will be 
under the API category only. 
Adityapal: 
But the molecules will be different, or molecules will be the same? 
Ankur Vaid: 
No, the molecules will be different because, like say, if I am supplying 
an API to an innovator, it gets classified in the API sales, not in the CMO 
sales. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take that as the last question for today's conference 
call. And I would now like to hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments. 

 
Concord Biotech Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, thank you, everyone, for joining our Q2 and H1 FY'26 earnings call. 
We hope we have been able to address all your queries. For any further 
information, please get in touch with us or SGA, our Investor Relations 
Advisors. Thank you once again. Have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. This brings the conference call to an end. On behalf of 
Ambit Capital Private Limited, we thank you all for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
