 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
CIN: L27100PN1999PLC245720 
Registered Office 
G Block, Bhosari Industrial Estate, Near BSNL office, Bhosari, Pune - 411026, Maharashtra, India. 
Corporate Office 
602 & 603 Amar Business Park, Baner Road, Pune - 411045, India 
 
Tel: +91 20 29804621 I website : www.cie-india.com  I  Email: contact.investors@cie-india.com  
SEC/2025/130                                                                                                                     20th October, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532756
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051.  
 
NSE Scrip Code: CIEINDIA
 
Sub: Transcript of CIE Automotive India Limited Q3 & 9M CY2025 Post Result Conference Call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Schedule III and Regulation 46(2) the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and our letter dated 7th October, 2025 in respect of advance intimation in relation to Q3 & 
9M CY2025 Results Conference Call, please find enclosed herewith transcripts of the said call 
held on 17th October, 2025. 
 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company at the following weblink: 
https://www.cie-india.com/periodic-public-information8.html#Quarterly-Result-Calls-and-
Transcripts  
 
Kindly acknowledge the receipt and take the same on the records. 
 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For CIE Automotive India Limited 
 
 
 
Pankaj V. Goyal 
Company Secretary, Chief Compliance Officer, 
and Head- Legal 
Membership No. F 13037 
Encl: as above 
 
 
PANKA
J VIJAY 
GOYAL
Digitally signed 
by PANKAJ VIJAY 
GOYAL 
Date: 2025.10.20 
09:59:25 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“CIE Automotive India Limited's Q3 CY '25 Results 
Conference Call” 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANDER ARENAZA ALVAREZ – CHIEF EXECTUTIVE 
OFFICER, CIE AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED 
MR. K. JAYAPRAKASH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
CIE AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VIKAS SINHA - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
(STRATEGY), CIE AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED 
MR. OROITZ LAFUENTE - BUSINESS CONTROLLER, 
CIE AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. VISHAKA MALIWAL - ICICI SECURITIES 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to CIE India's Q3 CY'25 Results Conference Call 
hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchstone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vishaka Maliwal from ICICI Securities. Over to you 
ma'am. 
Vishaka Maliwal: 
Thanks, Swarnali. Good evening everyone. Thanks to CIE Automotive India Limited 
Management for giving us the opportunity to host the call.  
We have here in the call the Senior Management represented by Mr. Ander Arenaza Alvarez – 
CEO; Mr. K. Jayaprakash – CFO; Mr. Vikas Sinha – Senior VP (Strategy) and Mr. Oroitz 
Lafuente – Business Controller. Over to the Management to take this ahead. Thank you. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Apologies for the delay in starting the call. Ander & Oroitz are in Spain and we were trying to 
connect them but couldn’t. Then we used a very sophisticated technology, it is called off and on 
and that's how we got into it, but sorry for the delay. So we welcome Ander, our CEO. I will 
present CIE India results for Q3 C'25 and 9-month C'25. We start with the Q3 C'25 results of 
the India operations on page six. 
In Q3 C'25, India business sales were at INR15,232 million, which marks the highest ever 
quarterly sales reported. The Indian operations have grown at 9% year-on-year versus Q3 C'24 
and on a sequential basis they're roughly about 4.5% higher. The quarterly growth is higher than 
the weighted average market growth and significantly better than what we have seen in the recent 
past. If you would recall, we were about 3% growth in Q1 C'25, 7% in Q2 C'25 and 9% this 
quarter. So you can see the improvement trajectory. As discussed earlier, some of the new orders 
that were delayed and we have talked about them in the past are coming back on stream. The 
market growth, while not spectacular this quarter, has also been generally good and supportive. 
The light vehicle market grew by 5.6% in Q3 C'25, two-wheeler by 10%-10.5% and tractors by 
about 14% in production terms. 
The EBITDA margin in India for the quarter was 17.3%, lower both year-on-year and 
sequentially, mainly due to the energy tariff increase in Maharashtra, where many of our plants 
are located. We are working on improving our profitability to offset part of this cost increase in 
the next few quarters. So the impact is in the range of 0% to 0.5%, which we will try and offset. 
Going forward, the market situation in India is expected to become more attractive as the effects 
of the optimization in GST structure, which will lead to lower taxes and hence lower prices for 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
the retail buyer. As vehicles become affordable, most estimates suggest that the three-year 
growth CAGR could improve by 2.5% to 3%. For example, the passenger vehicle market, which 
was expected to grow at a 3-year CAGR of 2% to 3%, which was the earlier forecast, now this 
could increase to 5% to 6%. And similarly, the earlier predicted 3-year CAGR of two-wheeler 
market could also increase by similar 2% to 3% points. Now, if these predictions translate into 
reality, they will represent a significant growth cumulatively over the next three years. The real 
impact of the GST reform can be gauged only after the festival season is over, because right 
now, both the effects are overlapping and we'll keep an eye on the same. 
Where there is a silver lining, of course, there are always headwinds. While the Indian market 
seems to be on an upward trend, the impact of enhanced tariffs on India from the United States 
is a dampener. While the situation continues to be fluid, currently, the US tariffs on the 
components for light vehicles are roughly about 25%, while parts meant for trucks, tractors, and 
off-highway vehicles carry a 50% tariff. So roughly, that is the basic classification. Light 
vehicles, passenger vehicles at 25%, trucks, tractors, and off-highway at 50%. 
Now, compared to other countries like China and Vietnam, who are major exporters of auto parts 
and compete with India, the 25% tariff does not impose that much of a relative disadvantage. 
They are also within striking distance. But those parts which are subjected to 50% tariffs can be 
adversely affected if the status quo remains. There is an expectation that the tariff situation will 
settle down in the next few months. The impact on CIE India due to US tariffs is not very 
significant. Roughly about 1% of the revenue of Indian operations are in the high-risk category 
from US tariffs. 
On page 7, we have the results for the European operations of CIE India in Q3 C'25. Sales at 
INR7,866 million represent a growth of 18% over Q3 C'24. Now, this includes a positive 
exchange rate effect of 11%. On a sequential basis, the drop between Q2 C'25 and Q3 C'25 is 
around 5% to 6%.This is much better than what we have observed in previous years, though 
exchange rate has also played a part. So, there is a slight improvement. Q3 C'25 sales in Europe 
are normally lower than Q2 C'25 due to the three-week holiday in August. So, this is an improved 
performance compared to the last few quarters. There is some improvement in the market 
situation with the light vehicle production in Europe, ex of Russia. That is, without Russia 
showing a nominal growth of 0.3% in Q3 C'25. The heavy truck production in Europe is 
estimated to have grown by roughly 18% in Q3 C'25. While the numbers are heartening, the 
situation in the European market continues to be sobering. The very low base from H2 of C'24 
has played a significant part in this improvement that you are seeing. Overall, the market 
situation continues to be complex with stagnating EV penetration, variance on the part of OEMs 
to produce ICE vehicles due to environmental-related penalties and the increasing threat of 
Chinese imports. Now, these three factors we have discussed in past calls and these factors 
remain. So, the basic reality of the European auto market is similar. It is just that the base is 
making the numbers look better in this half of the year. The EBITDA margin in the European 
business for Q3 C'25 was 14.1%, which is lower on a year-on-year basis, but higher sequentially. 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
If we adjust for the one-time restructuring cost that we incurred in Q2 C'25, the EBITDA margins 
are roughly similar on a sequential basis. 
Given the uncertain market situation in Europe, our key priority is to defend these margins. We 
have been taking proactive corrective actions to adjust our operations to the changing market 
conditions. On page 8, we see the consolidated CIE India Q3 C'25 results. Consolidated sales 
for INR23.1 billion at 12% growth over Q3 C'24. EBITDA INR3.75 billion at a margin of 16.2%. 
EBIT INR2.86 billion at a margin of 12.4%. And EBT INR 2.8 billion at a margin of 12.2%. 
The 9-month C'25 results for our Indian operations are on page 10. Sales increased by 6% versus 
9-month C'24 to INR43.9 billion. The EBITDA margin was 17.8%. EBIT margin 14.1%. EBT 
14.3%. And PAT margin 10.7%. 
On page 11, we have the 9-month C'25 results for our European operations. The impact of a poor 
H1 C'25 has contributed to a 3% drop in sales to INR24 billion. EBITDA margin in this period 
was 13.4%. EBIT 9.3%. EBT 8.2% and PAT 6.4%. On page 12, we have the 9-month C'25 
consolidated results of CIE India. Sales were INR68 billion, which is higher by 3% versus a 9-
month C'24. The EBITDA margin was 16.3%. EBIT 12.4%. EBT 12.2%. And PAT 9.2%. 
So with that, let us proceed to Q&A, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Siddhant Dand from Goodwill. Please go ahead. 
Siddhant Dand: 
Hi. Just a clarification about our Mahindra sales. Just content for vehicle in M&M ICE versus 
EV. If you could repeat it again, what is it as of now and in the future model of M&M considering 
the good response? 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, what do you want to know about that? I couldn't get that. 
Siddhant Dand: 
Content for vehicle. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Fairly similar, except for Scorpio and Bolero, our rupees per vehicle for other M&M models are 
fairly similar. 
Siddhant Dand: 
And upcoming, any new technology that we are trying to get in over there or across OEM in 
electric? 
Vikas Sinha: 
In EVs we are in aluminum, gears, forgings & stampings for four wheelers. So, these are the 
four areas where we are into EV for four wheelers. Bill Forge also includes a lot of exports of 
4W EV parts. We are there with the gears, of course, very significant business. We are there 
with stampings with M&M, that's very, very significant business. And we are now moving into 
aluminum. As far as two wheelers are concerned, we have Bill Forge, you know that we supply 
races. We are the major players in races business. Races is common to both ICE as well as EVs. 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
So, we are there. Of course, our aluminum business, which is has a big stake in the two wheeler 
business and composites for three wheelers and others. So, that's our basic EV spread, so to say, 
as far as segments are concerned. So, in terms of the parts that we supply, I think, if you 
remember last year's annual report, I think in that we had given the photographs, you can also 
look at it, but we have been developing newer parts also this year for EVs, especially in 
aluminum. So, in EVs, we have a fairly good spread in India and in terms of the customers also, 
we are fairly comfortable. We are there with the market leaders in all the three segments that I 
talked about, in two wheelers, three wheelers, as well as four wheelers. 
Siddhant Dand: 
Okay. Talking about aluminum, what kind of margins are we expecting that business to have 
going forward? And right now, considering a lot of guys are struggling, competitors are 
struggling in aluminum, despite the growth? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Two things I would point out here. And the first, at CIE, and this is a philosophy that CIE follows 
worldwide, it does not matter whether it is EV or ICE, we work towards the same margins. There 
is, in fact, whether it is EV, ICE, or whichever segment that we operate in, or whether we operate 
from this geography or that geography, there is a base level EBITDA margin that we work 
towards. So, we don't believe that one segment should be at a lower margin forever compared to 
other segment. Coming back to aluminum, this business is not easy. Even for us, we have 
identified aluminum as an area where we have to improve. We have talked about it in the past. 
If you look at our aluminum business, it remains a step down subsidiary. So, you have the 
subsidiary annual reports to look at for the last 2-3 years, you can see the steady improvement 
we are making. But yes, we need to improve more. So, for us, I would not say that our EV 
margins are way off. On that count, EV aluminum parts are not very different from any other 
aluminum parts. We don't distinguish like that. Aluminum versus ferrous, we don't distinguish. 
For us, it does not mean that ferrous casting can be at 15% and aluminum casting can be at 5%. 
We don't follow that. That's the point we make, whether it is for EV or ICE. Ander if you want 
to just buttress this point, please. 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: 
Yes, I just wanted to reinforce that our margins in aluminum are improving in the last years. 
However, we are still below our expectations and we are improving and working in the 
technology transfer from Europe to India. We have some engineers that are deployed in our plant 
here in India where they are training and showing how to work with more efficiency and 
reducing costs. So, that is our job. That's what we do around the world in all our plants in the 
different continents. I would say that the aluminum, when we entered, when we bought the 
company in 2019, was about 10% EBITDA. Now, it can be around 15%. But, okay, we continue 
working on the efficiencies. We continue working with the acquisition of higher added value 
components with higher tonnage machines and higher machining and assembly activities to be 
incorporated to the products, so that's the trend that we are following in the aluminum division. 
And we think that we will continue improving in the next quarters. The situation is stable, but 
we are pushing to continue improving in the next quarters, and we expect to grow this business 
in both ICE and also electric vehicles. 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Siddhant Dand: 
Wonderful. Second question, do we have any exposure to KTM in Europe and is there any 
chance to increase it because today itself Bajaj announced that they will try and get more parts 
from India to Europe for the KTM manufacturing? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Siddhant, this is a specific point. I'll have to check this and get back to you. 
Siddhant Dand: 
No issues. And, I think that's largely it. And something around, is there an export opportunity in 
casting that we spoke about? Is it still online or has it been hampered because of the duties? 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, it's online. No problem on that. 
Siddhant Dand: 
Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Jain from AlfAccurate. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the same set of numbers. My first question on the 
Indian business. In 9 months CY'25 numbers, how much contribution of the Mahindra & 
Mahindra? And how much YOY growth on the revenue? 
Vikas Sinha: 
What is contribution of? 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
How much contribution from Mahindra in India business? And how much Y-on-Y growth? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Mahindra, exactly. I'll have to check that for us how much did Mahindra grow, but it would be 
in line with whatever they have been growing in the market. The last that we have compiled the 
data, Mahindra is close to about a third of our business in India. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Okay. 1/3rd of business. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Exactly. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
And how much is the tractor versus auto from the Mahindra business? 
Vikas Sinha: 
We have not compiled it latest. So this is a little dated, maybe six months. As I said, Mahindra 
is 1/3rd of India. Two thirds is on light vehicles, which includes the LCV business. And 1/3rd is 
on tractors, roughly, these are just rough numbers. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Okay. And in India business, how is the revenue mix in the passenger vehicle, two wheelers, CV 
and tractor? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Again, right now this is a little dated from the same time period around February when we had 
compiled for the annual report. Light vehicles is roughly about 52%, two wheelers 21%, tractors 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
18% and trucks and off roads and others are about 9%. So that's roughly again these numbers 
might change here and there based on the growth in this year, but roughly you can say close to 
half i.e. 45% to 50% comes from light vehicles, which includes LCVs, close to 1/5th to 1/4th 
comes from two wheelers and roughly about 15%-20% from tractors, depending on how the 
market is behaving in a year. So this is roughly what you would see. Of course, we'll again 
compile these numbers sometime later, maybe a couple of months later, and then we'll get the 
exact numbers. But by and large this is how it looks like. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Okay. In India business, we have seen a very decent growth of the 9% to outperform the industry 
growth. So just wanted to understand, how is the outlook ahead, when it is expected that car 
sales will be strong annual 50% more than 50% comes from the car sales. So if you can throw 
some more light over there? 
Vikas Sinha: 
In fact, yes. It is expected to be better. But as I'm sure you're aware, the light vehicle market has 
not done that well this year. For example, if you look at the nine month number for the less than 
six ton light vehicle market, which is essentially passenger vehicles, including UVs and LCVs, 
that has grown only by about 4.6%. So that has been a little weak. In fact, growth this year has 
come from tractors, nine month growth of tractors was 13%, the market growth, and the nine 
month growth for two wheelers was 5.8%, which was also higher light vehicles. So yes, when 
things on light vehicles improve, we'll also improve with that. So you're absolutely right there. 
We expect to improve going forward. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Absolutely. And my last question on the European business, basically, we see that excluding the 
exchange rate, growth is around 7% to 8%. We just wanted to understand how would be the 
European business growth, especially in the coming quarter? And how would be the current 
situation in the truck and off-road segment? 
Vikas Sinha: 
As I explained in my opening remarks, I think the European market is similar to earlier quarters. 
The light vehicle market in Europe, as I said, grew by 0.3% this quarter. And on a nine month 
basis, the light vehicle market in Europe has actually de-grown by about 2%. The light vehicle 
market is expected to  remain like this. Even for the MHCV market, for which we have the latest 
it is about minus 2.6. The nine month MHCV growth rate in Europe without Russia is about 
minus 2.6. H1 was way worse and Q3 is a little better. But again, as I was mentioning, Q3 looks 
quite good because the base of last year was very bad. So the situation in Europe is not 
qualitatively different from what it was last quarter, or even two quarters back, the same issues 
remain, the market is stagnant at this point of time. And we expect it to continue like that. So 
optically, yes, you will get get some traction because of the base last year. But other than that, if 
you look at it, I don't think much has changed in the European market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next participant is from the line of Sridhar Kalani from Antique Stock Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Sridhar Kalani: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Congratulations on the decent set of numbers. Firstly, on the 
Europeans, you have already explained us in very brief detail about the European business. Just 
wanted to understand, since we have included the Mexico operations under the European arm, 
if we set aside the Mexico business, is it fair to assume that the European business has grown in 
low to mid-single digit? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Ander, would you like to take that? Basically, our European business minus Mexico. 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: 
Yes, the Mexican business margins are similar to the European ones. So, in terms of margins, 
there is no effect on that, okay? The turnover on Mexico is around 3 million euros -3.5 million 
euros per month. This is stable. In Mexico, we were expecting to grow further, mainly because 
we had a very important program awarded by American OEM, and it was a battery electric 
vehicle program. But unfortunately, because of the, let's say, subsidy elimination to the battery 
electric vehicles in US, we see that this program will probably continue, let's say, a little bit 
below expected during the next 2 to 3 years, okay? So, what we see is that in a stable business 
in Mexico, and this business is not affected. It's more or less similar to the European business 
margins, okay? So, no impact on that. 
Sridhar Kalani: 
And what about the growth, like excluding Mexico, the growth in revenue terms in European 
operations, is it fair to assume it's in low single digit because the market, as earlier stated by 
Vikasji, that it's in, like, flat to slightly decline? Is it fair to assume our business has grown in 
low single digit in Europe? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: 
Yes. This quarter, we have had this growth of 7%, mainly because of the, let's say, low base that 
we had last year. But the general trend of the European market, as Vikas explained, is negative. 
I mean, last year, in the calendar year 2024, the market dropped around 4%-5% globally. This 
year will continue dropping around 3%-4%. And for the next years, we expect to have a flat 
evolution, okay? So, all the forecast says that the amount of cars produced in Europe will remain 
stable around 16 million cars during the next 4-5 years. That means that we expect to have a flat 
or a slightly negative trend in Europe in the next years. 
Sridhar Kalani: 
And how is the Metalcastello operations with respect to US supply? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: 
Yes. In Metalcastello, you know that in Q2, we had this all the restructuring job as, let's say, the 
volumes compared to the previous years dropped importantly. Now, we are at about 45 million 
euros turnover per year. That is the range where we are. And we think that this will be a stable 
figure. We are exporting to the US, to our main customer, Caterpillar, in a, let's say, smooth 
ways. Market in US is still low, but, okay, we have a fantastic relationship with Caterpillar, and 
we continue developing the relationship. So, we expect we will maintain this situation in the 
next quarters. And in the midterm, we expect that all off-highway vehicle business will continue 
or will recuperate and will revamp. So, we will be able to recuperate part of the business. So, I 
would say that now we are in the lower side, in the valley of the business, and slowly we expect 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
to recuperate. And in the future, we expect to be in a better position. And regarding margins, 
after all these restructuring activities that we have done, the company is doing well now. 
Sridhar Kalani: 
Okay. And my last question is with regards to, so, we had sold two years back the commercial 
vehicle business, and the proceeds of the same was with the parents. And we were getting interest 
income from the same. So, currently, is it the same situation that the proceeds are with the parent 
company? 
Vikas Sinha: 
JP, would you like to take that? 
K. Jayaprakash: 
No. The parent company, I didn't get that. We received, within the subsidiary, Galfor was 
holding the German operations. So, money came to Galfor only. It was not outside the group. 
Sridhar Kalani: 
So, I mean, it's still in Europe. Like, it has not been repatriated to India. 
K. Jayaprakash: 
No, we have no reason to repatriate it into India. We use that money to fund, to retire the debt in 
Mexico. 
Sridhar Kalani: 
Okay. 
K. Jayaprakash: 
Part of it. 
Sridhar Kalani: 
Okay. And just one question regarding the sunroof business, which is like, parallelly it has grown 
significantly from, I think, a Rs. 50 crore in the last 2-3 years to almost Rs. 300 crores. So, is 
that business, like any chances of that business being included in the Indian arm? Because it's 
an unlisted company, which is under direct control of CIE Spain and we have CIE Automotive 
India as a listed entity and the benefits of growth in that vertical is something which the minority 
shareholders are not enjoying? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Sridhar, we have explained this in the past. I think the basic logic was that this is a tier 1 kind of 
business with a lot of design support required, which they get from a centralized team and 
therefore it is run as a separate global unit within CIE and that's the reason why it has been kept 
separate. So, that logic holds for now. So, that's the arrangement that we have. Whether it will 
be reviewed in the future or not, at this point of time, we cannot comment. But as of now, it will 
remain as it is. 
Sridhar Kalani: 
Okay. Thank you so much for the opportunity. All the best. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes. Thanks, Sridhar. 
K. Jayaprakash: 
Thank you, Sridhar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ruchi Jain from Asit C. Mehta. Please go ahead. 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Ruchi Jain: 
Hi, sir. Good evening and congratulations for a good set of numbers. My first question that the 
way we are anticipated, some kind of possibility that Europe operation may stabilize and as in 
your initial remark you commented, we are not in anticipation now any kind of further 
improvement. Because we were earlier in anticipation that second half will be better. So, your 
commentary is like it is going to be not improvised. So, Indian operation is doing well. So, by 
considering all these facts, can we expect that at least we can grow some kind of close to topline 
somewhere close to higher single digit in this particular calendar year or consequently next year 
kind of thing? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Let me first say that, of course, in Europe, H2 is always worse than H1. It's a seasonal thing. We 
know that there is a three-week holiday in August and roughly 1-1.5 week holiday in December. 
So, roughly about a month of production is less, again, very, very rough. So, H2 is always lower 
than H1. It's a seasonal thing and you can observe it over the years. In fact, if you look at the H2, 
the Q3 performance this year, and that is I was commenting and if you compare it with, say, 
drop from Q2, the drop is not as much as you see every year. So, in a sense, there has been a 
little bit of an improvement compared to what H1 was showing. So, normally it is down, as I 
said, one out of six months is gone. So, that is roughly about 15%. So, it should be roughly 15% 
down. It is not lower by 15% in this quarter and hence better. Of course, there is an exchange 
rate effect that is there. So, H2 is in fact, as per what we have discussed, a little better. But a lot 
of that little better is also related to the fact that H2 of last year was quite bad. So, optically you 
see good numbers. So, what we are saying is that the European market structurally at this point 
of time remains stagnant. You will see (-2), 0, (+2) growth in that range. You are not going to 
see anything higher than that. In fact, that C'26 forecast by IHS of the light vehicle market in 
Europe is roughly about (-1.5%) and roughly the same for trucks. So, that is the point. It is almost 
stagnant, like (-1) can become 0 or it can become (+1). It is a different matter. So, that is the 
point we are making. It is structurally like that. And that is what in that situation, we then have 
to control our costs, which is what we are doing. We have already done the restructuring 
operations in Metalcastello. And as Ander explained in a previous question, Metalcastello is now 
back to reasonable EBITDA margins. And if need be, we can look at costs at other places also 
in a similar manner. So, that is what we are trying to say. We have not said that there is going to 
be an improvement in the market itself. If you remember, even in the earlier calls, we have said 
that for the next few years, we expect the production of light vehicles in Europe to remain in the 
range of 16 million to 17 million. That is the forecast. And that is the reality we have to work 
with. So, that is what it is. Optically, you are seeing a very good number in Q3. That is because 
of the base. But this yearly production of16 million to 17 million units is going to be the reality 
in Europe in 2025, in 2026, in 2027. Let us talk only about three years because after that, things 
can change. There could be more EV penetration. There could be pent-up demand when the 
CAFÉ norms become clear. So, that is what is being said. 
Ruchi Jain: 
Yes, I agree, sir. But you know what I am trying to say, in the last phone call, you have also 
mentioned that certain product innovation, new product development, and certain customized 
requirements for the OEM also you are developing. So, on that front, sir, this development you 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
feel is going to benefit for the Company and that will be sufficient enough because Indian 
operations are doing well. So, the question is that can we have such kind of development that 
will make at least what I mentioned that some kind of higher single digit kind of topline. So, it 
will compensate both as a costing restructuring strategy and here also some development, some 
demand environment that will compensate and we can have some kind of growth trajectory. That 
is what something I am trying to ask you that higher single digit kind of possibility because I 
know that your EBITDA margin is going to do it. You are doing very good as far as your margin 
control is concerned. If your growth comes, then naturally, the thing is that it is going to show 
in our financial performance as well. Over to you, sir. 
Vikas Sinha: 
So, look, and I will, of course request Ander to talk more about it. In Europe, it is like a treadmill. 
You are running very fast to remain at the same place because a lot of changes are happening in 
Europe. It is not that the market is not changing. EVs are coming, they are roughly about 15% 
but they are a little stagnant at this point of time because people are waiting for the takeoff period 
when the expectation is a new version of battery will be available which will have significant 
higher range. So, there is an expectation that it is going to come in a few years' time and that 
might happen. As far as ICE vehicles are concerned, the environmental norms are getting more 
and more stringent. So, that requires a lot of innovation. Of course, there is a lot of competition 
which is coming from Chinese makers and I think they are absorbing the higher tariffs. So, yes, 
when you say innovation is required, yes, innovation is required in Europe. For example, we are 
developing aluminum forging. For example, we are developing gears for crossover EVs for the 
US market. We are developing all of that. We have orders also for the same. But as I am pointing 
out, the market itself is going through a churn. Are they innovating? Yes. European companies 
are innovating a lot but it will not translate into growth because of all these factors, not for the 
next couple of years at least. After that again, as I said, if things change, there will be pent-up 
demand, there will be many other things. But as of now, this is what it looks like. Ander, if you 
want to amend any of the things that I have said. 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: 
No, you explained perfectly. Because what is really happening in Europe is that since some years 
ago, we had an expectation and also the forecast that all the EV penetration will grow up very 
fast. So, we will see the market share of the battery electric vehicles to be about 50% in the next 
4-5 years. That was the hypothesis where we all were planning our production. So, in certain 
products, we are making the innovation on the, let's say, aluminum forging for electric vehicles 
and we are working a lot. But what is happening, and that's why all the automotive sector in 
Europe is suffering a lot, is that this battery electric vehicle penetration is much lower than 
expected. So, there is not reaching, the growth is not there. So, the volumes that we are producing 
for battery electric vehicles are much lower than expected previously. And we think that this 
will also be much lower in the next 4-5 years. Then probably there will be, let's say, finally a 
quick increase once all the technical problems are solved, all the technology issues are solved, 
the capacity of batteries and also infrastructure installation in the different countries are 
completed, then we will probably see this jump. But during, I would say that during the next 3-
4-5years, we will have a transitionary period where the battery electric vehicles and the 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
combustion engines will survive or they will be in the market together. And probably electric 
vehicles are growing slowly, but the base of the market will be the internal combustion cars. So, 
that's how we see the situation. And I can give you several examples of companies that are really 
in a very bad shape financially because they invested a lot for the battery electric vehicles and 
the sales are not coming. So, they are suffering a huge debt because of the investment done. So, 
that's the environment in Europe. I would say the environment in Europe is quite pessimistic due 
to that. But okay, let's see how this evolves and also let's see how the European politicians, I 
mean the European Commission, tries to solve or to adapt the laws to the new situation. 
Ruchi Jain: 
Okay, understood, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Raje Sangvi from Ambit Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Viraj Raje Sangvi: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, most of my questions have been answered. I just have 
one question for Ander. So, in Europe, can you shed some light on as to how has the competitive 
scenario for you evolved in Europe over the past 12 months to 18 months when the underlying 
volumes have kind of remained weak because it must have been difficult for the competition as 
well, right, especially some smaller players. So, have you seen some consolidation in that market 
and would it allow you to gain some market share over there while the outlook on the underlying 
volumes remain weak? 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: 
Yes, you are right. I mean the situation in the market because of the low volumes and excess of 
capacity are generating certain companies that are having financial difficulties. So, I would say 
that every week we see companies going to insolvency and the trend of the consolidation we are 
sure that will happen. It is not happening at least in our area. In certain customers we have got 
some businesses coming from this kind of consolidation, natural consolidation that is happening 
in the market, but I think this trend will continue and will increase in the next years. It's true that 
part of the suppliers in the European market will not survive. This is because of the difficult 
situation and the consolidation will happen. In certain other technologies, in CIE, this is already 
happening and we have had a couple of examples on this. So, yes, we expect that we will be one 
of the consolidators in this difficult market situation. So, you are right and your view is correct 
in my opinion. 
Viraj Raje Sangvi: 
That was my question. Thank you, sir. 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajakumar Vaidyanathan from RK Investment. 
Please go ahead. 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I have three questions. So, if you permit me, I 
will ask one by one. So, the first question is on the GST cut. I just want to know what is the 
impact of this on the three segments, two-wheeler, passenger car and heavy commercial vehicle? 
I just want to know, is it a game changer or is it going to just be a one-time kicker? 
Vikas Sinha: 
So, the answer to your question is we will have to wait and watch. Well, as you know, 22nd 
September when GST changes were implemented coincided with the festive season, Navratri. 
So, we will have to see. Whether it is a game changer or a one-time thing. How long the effect 
lasts? Look, it makes vehicles more affordable. And we know that the car, two-wheeler and 
tractor markets, especially the car and two-wheeler markets are a function of affordability. So, 
to that extent, yes, it is a structural change. It should not be a one-time thing. But as I said, we 
will have to wait and watch because, for example, in the car market, it is also linked with the 
idea of the kind of vehicles people, high end feature-rich. So, if you are buying XUV 700, you 
may want the higher variant rather than the lower variant because of the GST cut. So, with the 
GST cut, more vehicles may not be sold as people shift to  higher-end vehicles. So, we will have 
to see what happens. But it is a very significant move and it is a welcome move. And it will have 
an impact. It will not be a one-time impact of just 2 or 3 months. It will have a longer-term 
impact is what our assessment is at this point of time. But how much? We will have to wait and 
watch because as of now, there are two things that have happened, which is the reason why I am 
saying we have to wait and watch. Number one, it is coinciding with the festive season. So, the 
effect of the festive season as well as GST is mixed up. Number two, I think the inventory 
corrections in the supply chain also has to be taken into account from a production perspective. 
So, that also, once the inventory correction happens and it becomes stable inventory at, say, 25 
days to 30 days of inventory in the supply chain, then we'll have a better assessment of what is 
going on. So, let's wait and watch. But we believe it is a structural one and it will have a longer-
term impact than just a one-time thing. But the jury is still out. That's how I will leave it at that. 
Okay? 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Yes. Thank you so much. So, you're not seeing any kind of increased offtake from the OEMs 
because of this? 
Vikas Sinha: 
You have seen the Q3 numbers. They are quite good. So, you have the proof of the pudding is 
always in the eating. So, you have the Q3 numbers, which include September, at least from 15th 
September onwards, people were preparing. So, you have seen an uptick. So, it is there. The 
question, your question was whether it is one time or it will remain for long. The answer to that 
is, let's wait and watch. But our hunch is it will remain for long. Our assessment is it will remain 
for a longer period. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay, sir. So, the second question is, I see many of the NBFCs who are into this CV financing, 
they're all reporting higher NPAs of late. So, do you see any systemic issues here and how much 
it will have an impact on the demand side? Because we have also reported negative growth on 
the MHCV segment. So, I just want to know what is your take on it? 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Vikas Sinha: 
The MHCV segment, you know, the Q3C25 degrowth reported by IHS, that's an interim number. 
Whatever it is, you know, on the truck market, I think there are a lot of factors that drive it and 
that's why it makes the truck market the most difficult to assess among all the segments. In 
trucks, it is not just a game of just affordability or, you know, replacement, because there are 
many things that are changing in the transportation sector itself. It is becoming much more 
efficient, newer technologies, AI, everything is coming. So, transportation is becoming more 
efficient, tools are being rationalized, over and above that, higher tonnage trucks are being used. 
On the negative side, there is enhanced competition from railways which is, putting up a 
concerted effort to take a share of business in long-term freight. Over and above that, you have 
financing and you have the GST cuts and so on. So, unlike in the other segments, where the GST 
cut has a direct influence on buying pattern, here there are many other factors which are at play 
and therefore it is not easy to assess what the truck market will look like. Going forward, it has 
always been very difficult. In fact, when we speak to our colleagues who do forecasting and 
others, what I have observed and, you know, these are very senior people in the financial sector 
or even in the, from the OEMs, it is, we don't get the forecast for trucks right, because of the 
various factors as I said. So will lack of financing have an impact on trucks? Yes, it will have an 
impact. We'll have to get into further details of what is happening on the NBFCs, but will it have 
an impact? Yes, it will have an impact because it is a financed business, no doubt, I think the 
large majority of trucks, maybe 3/4th of trucks are financed. So, it will have an impact. But then 
there are other factors also at play. So, again, the forecast as far as I see for the truck business, 
IHS is forecasting roughly about 5% next year. This year, you know, they are forecasting about 
2% growth. the YTD number for MHCV growth is roughly about 5%. Only this quarter it was, 
they are saying negative. So, they are forecasting similar growth to the YTD Sept for next year. 
So, I think there will be some growth in the truck business. But then there are lots of factors at 
play. The transportation industry itself is changing. The number of trucks sold is a second order 
outcome of what happens in the transportation industry. And therefore, again, we'll have to see 
how much of an impact this NBFC thing has on the numbers. Because as I said, there are many 
other factors at play here. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. Thank you so much for the detailed answer, sir. So, the last question is in housekeeping 
one. So, you reported almost Rs. 1,200 crores of trade receivable as of June, which is almost 
double of regular numbers. So, has that situation improved in September? 
Vikas Sinha: 
No. JP, did you get the question? The trade receivables? 
K. Jayaprakash: 
Yes. The doubling of receivables was because we didn't do discounting in the quarter of June. 
So, the receivable situation continues to be similar. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. So, it's back to normal in September. Okay. 
K. Jayaprakash: 
Yes. 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Got it, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Ander Arenaza Alvarez: 
Okay. So, I would say thank you to all the participants for the good questions and the interest in 
our company. I also say thank you to all our team in India that is working in a fantastic way to 
develop the business and to continue our growth and margin improvement path. And I would 
like to wish you all a Very Happy Diwali in the next days. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: Transcript edited to improve quality of communication. 
