 
Date: November 24, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 544258; Scrip Symbol: WCIL 
ISIN: INE0CJF01024 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call held with Investors with reference to 
discussion on the Operational and Financial Performance of the Company for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
In furtherance to our earlier communication dated November 11, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, November 17, 2025 at        
11:00 AM (IST), with regard to the discussion on the Operational and Financial Performance of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The said transcript is also hosted on the Company's website at www.western-carriers.com 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Western Carriers (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Name: Sapna Kochar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Mem. No.: A56298 
Place: Kolkata, West Bengal 
 
 
SAPNA 
KOCHAR
Digitally signed by 
SAPNA KOCHAR 
Date: 2025.11.24 
13:32:48 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Western Carriers (India) Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KANISHKA SETHIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
WESTERN CARRIERS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ARYAN SUMRA – MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Western Carriers (India) Limited Q2 FY26 
Earnings Conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aryan Sumra from MUFG. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Aryan Sumra: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference call for Western Carriers (India) Limited. To discuss this call's business 
performance, we have from the management, Mr. Kanishka Sethia, CEO, CFO and Whole-Time 
Director.  
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forwarded looking and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more details, 
kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the company's 
website and on the stock exchanges. 
 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for the opening 
remarks and then we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, Kanishka, sir. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Early morning today on Monday for the Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings call of your Western Carriers 
(India) Limited. It is my pleasure to host you all on this call and I am joined by my colleagues, 
Ashish, Sapna and Surya for this call. I truly appreciate your time and continued interest in our 
journey together. 
 
Over the course of this call, we will walk you through key developments, our financials and 
operational performances for the quarter and for the half-year H1 before opening the floor to 
your questions. I would like to begin with a small global snapshot which I think is very important 
and pertinent in today's world. As you all know, the global environment remains one of cautious 
moderation. 
 
Globally, growth is projected to soften modestly over the next two years, even as inflation 
continues to ease across many regions. Policy uncertainty and trade fragmentation still weighs 
on sentiments, making credible transparent macro-frameworks and steady structural reforms 
essential to anchor expectations and support for the investment. Supply chains have stabilized 
relative to the pandemic era, but not fully returned to pre-2019 conditions in several cases. 
 
Composite container spot rates have retreated substantially from their peak, which is a good 
sign, yet they remain structurally higher than the pre-pandemic levels in many cases. As per 
Drewry's composite World Container Index in early 2025, despite sequential declines, stayed 
approximately  59 to 118% above the 2019 averages in many cases, underscoring a higher floor 
and route-specific volatility.  
This has a direct and obvious impact on EXIM trade in the short term. But overall, in the mid to 
long term, the global logistics market itself is expanding significantly. It is projected to reach 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
approximately 8.1 trillion by the end of this decade, driven by expanding commerce, 
globalization of trade, increased demand for faster delivery and better adoption of AI across 
planning, visibility and several layers of execution.  
Last mile delivery innovations have emerged as a critical global trend as well as a domestic 
trend. According to Maersk and Statista survey of logistics decision makers, last mile innovation 
now ranks 7th among the top 15 trend reshaping supply chains. Market estimates broadly cover, 
converge the global last mile delivery market and was valued at approximately 145 to 175 billion 
in 2023.  
This is expected to more than double to 300 billion in the next seven years by 2032, with a 
CAGR of a strong 9% to 10%. This reflects a rising premium on the speed and efficiency and 
the edge of the network. Turning into India's macro environment, the outlook remains extremely 
supportive of logistics growth.  
The country continues to be among the fastest growing major economies in the world, with FY26 
growth widely expected to be in the range of 6.5% to 7%, underpinned by structural reform and 
resilient consumer demand. Inflation has turned very benign. CPI readings have moderated 
through FY25, reaching a multi-month low in the first half of FY26 and dipped further in 
October on softer food prices and tax rationalization.  
Core inflation has remained broadly stable near 4% for Western Carriers and our customers. 
These favorable conditions support purchasing power, temper operating inputs such as fuel and 
finance and create room for rate-sensitive capex in assets and fleet upgrades as we align 
continuously towards a more reliable, cost-effective and logistics supply chain execution. Our 
goal always remains to ensure customer delight.  
On a slight tangent, talking about your company here, your company has completed a capex of 
INR30 crores already in H1, mostly into heavy equipment, specialized containers and road assets 
in line with our business plan and in line with the situation that the country finds itself in, which 
remains extremely favorable towards support in purchasing power, towards operating inputs and 
creates a room for further rate-sensitive capex.  
Talking more in detail for a minute, India's logistics sector is on a very strong growth trajectory, 
like I said. We are valued at about 215 billion in 2021 and projected to grow at a strong CAGR 
above 10% through 2026. According to KPMG India, this phenomenal momentum is sustaining 
a robust CAGR of 12% to 15% since 2017 and is being fueled by explosive growth in e-
commerce, global emissions of India's, corporates as well as MSMEs and an unwavering 
national push for digital transformation.  
The sector is now recognized not merely as a service provider, but as a critical enabler of 
economic growth, digital commerce and employment generation and has become the central 
nervous system of India's supply chain. As per the Economic Times, India's third-party logistics, 
3PL, has reached approximately 36 billion in 2025, while projections range from anywhere 
between 48 to 73 billion by 2030. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
Either way, it portends to very strong CAGR growth, reflecting rising outsourcing, network 
aggregation and a tech-led orchestration. Over the last decade, massive improvements are seen 
on the national road networks. This has fundamentally altered the logistics sector. 
Today, nearly 70% of domestic volumes move by road and the broader infra-push by the 
government matters as India has about 6.6 lakh kilometers of roads, which is second-largest 
globally and the national highway network has expanded by approximately 60% since 2014 to 
1.46 lakh kilometers, directly supporting first-mile, mid-mile and last-mile reach.  
This aligns very well with our multi-modal operations offerings, especially through DFCs, which 
I will get to in a minute. Massive improvements to the national road network has been matched 
by investments in ports and rail. Port infra globally was estimated at 163 billion in 2024 and is 
projected to reach over 207 billion in the next six years, with CAGR of approximately 4% as 
nations accelerate capacity expansion, automation, sustainability.  
With over 80% of the world's trade by volume moving by sea, modern ports are a direct lever 
for trade efficiency and resilience. Our country matches and outpaces most in the world. India's 
port sector is now outpacing most of the major economies. Cargo handling at Indian ports have 
grown at approximately 6% +CAGR between FY20 to FY25 and the government has articulated 
an ambition to expand total port capacity to 10,000 MMT by 2047, positioning our ports as a 
key enabler in India's journey towards a $10 trillion economy.  
Major gateways illustrate this momentum. JNPT, the Nhava Sheva handled a record 7.3 million 
TEUs in FY25 and is commissioning capacity expansion, taking installed capacity above 10 
million TEUs, this strengthens our rail seaport exchanges for the Western Corridor, 
complementing this, private terminals have also kept pace.  
Example is Mundra, which has crossed important throughput, through holds and Chennai port 
reported an all-time high of approximately 1.8 million TEUs by February to March of 25, 
underscoring broad-based capacity utilization across coasts. Coming to DFCs, both our DFCs 
are now nearing completion.  
The Western DFC, by March 2025, 96.4% of our combined Eastern and Western DFCs have 
already been commissioned, with the final approximately 100 odd kilometers of the Western 
DFC to JNPT slated to come online by March 2026, that is in less than six months. This will 
enable us to approximately 480 trains per day across both corridors and sharply compressing 
transit times on these pivotal EXIM flow routes. 
 
This portends very well for your company, which remains a large player in the multimodal 
business using these corridors. Now India has made significant strides in logistics facilitation 
and digitization. All of this has portended into jumping India to the 38th position on the World 
Bank's LPI 2023 from 44 less than five years ago. 
And these are all backed by the PM Gati Shakti, the national logistics policy, the rollout of the 
ULIP, and the Logistics Data Bank, which is digitizing 100% of the containerized EXIM cargo 
tracking. In addition to this, I would be remiss if I didn't talk about the government's open 
network for digital commerce, ONDC, which is set to democratize e-commerce and logistics by 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
creating a unified, transparent and digital platform. This enables sellers and logistics providers, 
including smaller players with limited fleet and limited access, to get access to a much larger 
market without intermediaries, fostering inclusivity, efficiency across the supply chain. ONDC 
has also launched targeted financial assistance programs to strengthen logistics layers on the 
network.  
On the external front, India's EXIM activity has demonstrated both resilience and diversification 
in an unstable geopolitical global situation. Merchandising exports for Q2 FY26 was estimated 
at just over 108 billion, with non-oil exports rising on the back of strong performances, 
particularly in electronic, pharma and engineering goods. 
 
In metals, India has made meaningfully outperformed its global peers. Steel outputs rose 
strongly from 2019 to 2024, as you're all aware and is projected to grow further through FY27, 
while non-ferrous segments such as aluminum and zinc have benefited from supportive prices 
and steady demand.  
Exporters have now diversified shipments to other non-U.S. markets, including the EU, UK, 
Middle East, Africa, and ASEAN, with notable gains coming in the Middle East, in UAE, in 
Belgium, in Vietnam and in Thailand, helping to create a hedge in tariff headwinds in certain 
markets, like the U.S.  
Major impetus to EXIM is expected soon once the India-U.S. treaty is signed, which will be 
significant for your company as well. Together, these EXIM dynamics expand flow into 
engineering, petroleum, metals, FMCG and your company is well positioned to serve these needs 
with multimodal capacity, terminals and reliable bulk and container solutions across the entire 
internet.  
Turning to the domestic side for our company, during the quarter, I'm very pleased to announce 
that we successfully completed our Gati Shakti multimodal cargo terminal at Devaliya Station 
near Morbi and this is spread over more than 30 acres. The terminal handles both container and 
wagon rake operations and serves a broad industrial ecosystem, including salt sector in the Malia 
belt, the ceramic sector in the Morbi cluster, chemicals, agri-imports, fertilizers and hundreds of 
MSMEs. Its strategic location enhances origin to gateway connectivity, complements DFC-
enabled long-haul economics and is designed to deliver seamless, safe and cost-effective 
logistics at a critical western note. Like I pointed out earlier, you can see a lot of focus of your 
company on growing our business from the western India part, and this financial, this fits very 
well with our long-term vision. 
 
From our MMCT at Devaliya, I'm pleased to announce that new rail services, Ex-Western India, 
Ex- Devaliya to South and North has started and consolidating well. We expect to have huge 
boost in MSME business from here. We have already had services started to Bangalore, Jaipur 
earlier and now we have launched into Central India in Indore. 
 
Another area of growth for us from the West has been towards the NCR, especially in CMLK at 
Kathuwas, as well as in Western India in Indore and both have been growing for us month-on-

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
month. Our numbers from most of the ports have also seen a positive number. Paradip, we have 
started import work. 
 
We have started anchoring movements which have consolidated between Ankleshwar and 
Lanjigarh. We are looking at expanding this new business development in other parts of 
Maharashtra and Goa and Gujarat has also started, and these volumes are also starting to pick 
up post-Diwali festivities. 
 
So, you can see a lot of focus on growing businesses from the western part of India, this financial 
and this fits very well with our long-term vision. We are also getting long-term commitments 
with large customers, Pan India and several contracts are in the pipeline, which I don't want to 
talk about much in detail right now. So, these are things that we see. 
 
Operationally, our focus remains on safety, reliability, modal flexibility, proactive planning, rail 
alternatives to isolate local disruption, predictive tools to compress variability and uphold 
service levels which are at the core of what we do. Our deep focus remains on customer delight, 
and this continued customer confidence is due to the customer centricity and deep operating 
excellence of my team. They're seeing very good demand, both in domestic stream as well as 
specialized stream. 
 
We are also seeing good signs of growth in our capex business. I would like to before turning to 
financials, I would also like to give you a position of where the container movements are 
currently for the TEUs for Q2 and for H1. So, in quarter 2 of FY26, the domestic business has 
actually surged by more than 25% quarter-on-quarter to 21,940 containers from 17,498. 
 
We are also happy to report that we are seeing positive growth in our EXIM numbers finally to 
33,897 from 33,286. So, it's a very marginal percentage increase of less than 2%. If you look at 
the numbers comparing H1 to H1, 25- 26 to 24- 25, we see that there is a good growth, steady 
growth of 2.7% overall, taking us to a total container TEUs of 106,621 compared to 103,816.  
And we have a very strong order book. We are feeling very confident that H2 will be even better. 
In EXIM, we are hopeful for a strong recovery in EXIM in this financial year. As the growing 
signs of stability, we see export orders have increased for us. Like I said, EXIM boxes has gone 
up by 611 to stand at 33,897. And in fact, if you look, if you compare quarter 2, 24 to quarter 2, 
25, you will see a robust growth of almost 8% in EXIM. 
 
So, very strong EXIM order book for the rest of the quarter and is also giving us additional 
confidence. Signs are very good for the rest of the year and for the near term future. Realizations 
are also expected to improve as we grow back our EXIM business. This is something which is 
very key and which is very, something that we are very focused on.  
Talking further on the financials, Western Carriers delivered a resilient performance despite 
operational headwinds and higher expenses this quarter due to capex investments aimed at 
strengthening infra for Q2 of FY26. Revenues from operations stood at INR440 crores, having 
shown a growth of 6% quarter-on-quarter, while EBITDA was stable at INR19 crores, margin 
at 4.3%.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
PAT came in at INR9 crores, again, stable with a PAT percentage margin of 2% plus. For H1 
FY26, revenues are now at INR855 crores, with EBITDA of over INR40 crores and PAT for the 
first half being over INR20 crores with a PAT margin of 2.3%. Our net debt significantly stands 
at only INR8.4 crores, a significant improvement from INR228.55 crores last year, supported by 
lower finance costs.   
The sharp reduction in leverage strengthens our balance sheet and positions us well for a strong 
future growth. We remain focused on optimizing receivables and improving cash conversion in 
the coming quarters as well. Despite monsoon-related disruptions and major GST adjustments, 
our asset-light multimodal model ensures steady volumes and strong service reliability, 
positioning us well for the remainder of FY26 and beyond.  
Despite short-term moderations and global trade flows, our diversified and asset-light logistics 
model enables steady performance. Multimodal volumes have grown 3% and we remain strong 
service reliability, we maintain strong service reliabilities across all our sectors. As we move 
into the rest of FY26 and beyond, our priorities remain clear with disciplined execution, tech-
enabled efficiencies and prudent capital allocation. These pillars will ensure we support our 
customers' growth while creating sustainable value for our own stakeholders. Thank you for 
your attention and for your continued trust in Western Carriers. I now welcome all your 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Vrudhi Vora from SAS Capital Advisers. Please go ahead. 
Vrudhi Vora: 
Yes, so my question is that could you share us the update on the Gujarat plant and what has been 
the status for that? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Sure, Vrudhi. Thank you for your question. So, the Gujarat plant is anchored around our new 
multimodal cargo terminal, which is a 30-plus acre facility, which is in proximity of Morbi. 
Morbi is a large industrial hub in Gujarat and it supports a very large ceramic tiles, salt, industrial 
aggregates, chemicals, FMCG, pharma and MSME cluster. So, our idea is to basically 
consolidate our play over there and grow the service offerings. We've already started services to 
all parts of India. 
 
We were already doing West to East before the terminal came operational. We have now started 
services from West to North and West to South as well and the frequencies of these offerings  
are expected to go up quarter-on-quarter. We've handled approximately 30-plus trains already 
in the first quarter and we expect the number to significantly grow up in the coming quarters and 
months ahead. 
The capex there that we have done is towards building the platform, the infrastructure and we've 
created a facility which in my understanding is absolutely world-class, is well-positioned to 
create and take care of the customer demand and our customer demand profile is rapidly 
changing because of this. we are able to attract and keep hundreds of new MSME customers 
here. They're already in discussion with doing works with large corporates over there, and so it's 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
basically a large anchor position for us. Our business in the rest of Gujarat has also been growing 
steadily. 
And since Gujarat and Maharashtra remain two dominant points of cargo creation in our country,  
it was an obvious move for us to start looking West and start concentrating on that. So, we've 
been doing this now for I would say about four to five quarters and our focus remains firmly on 
driving growth from western India. 
Vrudhi Vora: 
Okay. Thank you. And my second question for you is that what are the future plans of capex and 
any guidance for future? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
So, while we don't give any future guidance, but I can tell you that we've planned very strong 
capex. We've already completed more than INR30 crores of capex in H1 and we look at very 
strong capex for the rest of the year as well as for the next financial year as well. The capex is 
going mostly into specialized containers, specialized vehicles and assets that we need, industrial 
heavy assets that we need to run our supply chains. 
 
We are focused on creating rail dominated multi-mode supply chains in which we use road for 
the first mile and last mile and rail for the major sector. That's where we dominate and that's 
where we are making our assets. Most of the specialized assets have more than 200 odd 
specialized assets have already bought in this year and we plan to do further going forward for 
the rest of the year as well. So, capex plan already INR30 crores done for this year and strong 
capex expected for the remaining year as well as the next financial year as well. 
Vrudhi Vora: 
Okay. Thank you, sir, and all the best for the future. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Thank you, ma'am. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pinaki Banerjee from AUM Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Good morning, sir, and thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is regarding that IPO 
proceeds of about INR500 crores, about INR150 crores odd is now parked in the new fixed 
deposits. So, basically, can you tell what is this purpose? Is it for payment of loan or your further 
capex or keeping it as a buffer in uncertain economic conditions? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Pinaki, thank you for your question. So, basically, the IPO raised an amount of INR495 crores -
- INR492 crores and the utilization of it was in three parts. First was the prepayment or scheduled 
repayment of certain portion of our outstanding borrowing. So, that was INR163 crores and the 
next portion was INR151 crores approximately of capex going towards commercial vehicles, 
specialized containers, shipping containers, and industrial equipment.  
Out of this INR151 crores, we've utilized about INR41 INR42 crores. So, we have about INR110 
crores in equity for this. And the remaining INR47  INR48 crores, which was GCP we have 
utilized already INR52 crores. So, we have about INR14 crores, INR15 crores left. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
 
So, out of a total raise of INR360 crores, INR370 odd crores, which we received post payment 
to the bankers, we have about 120 in our hand. And this capex is planned in such a way that we 
would use it over three years. So, we are well in target to actually use up the entire capex before 
three years. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay. So, my next question is actually you have now reduced your debt by almost more than 
INR100 crores. So, in future capex  are you going to raise further equity or will you be able to 
undertake plans to undertake any further debt for this? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Pinaki it depends on the size of the transaction. I don't have a general answer for this. It’s a 
general capex for business needs we should be able to do it from our cash flows. And as 
profitability increases, we also have funds left from our IPO proceeds to take us for the capex 
for the next year. And if further opportunity comes, we are always on the lookout and we'll take 
a call based on what the opportunity comes. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay, sir. And last question is, sir, actually you are a leading leader in the rail transport segment, 
but in the domestic road segment, actually much needs to be done. So, competition is already 
heating up in this segment. So, sir, where do you see yourself in future in this segment 
particularly? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
It's a good question. We are not as a company very hard focused on plain vanilla road 
transportation. Though you're right, it's a large opportunity. I would say 20% odd of the 
movement is happening by road today. We do plain vanilla, but our focus remains more on doing 
multimodal and supply chain operation. Having said that, whenever we get an opportunity to 
work with our customers in creating a solution in plain vanilla, which adds value to them, they're 
always happy to look at, but one off, we don't try to grow in that business very hard. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay, sir. That's all from my end. Thanks and all the best for the future. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vivek Gupta from Star Investors. Please 
go ahead. 
Vivek Gupta: 
So, the TEU volumes grew only 2.7% Y-o-Y in HY FY26. That was from 103816 to 106621. 
So, what is driving this mutual growth compared to the historical CAGR of 19%? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Yes, Vivek ji, I'll just give you a brief background on what this is. So, the numbers actually 
quarter-to-quarter on domestic from quarter 1 to quarter 2 has actually grown 25.39% and EXIM 
has also grown almost 2%. And when you look at H1 to H1, you see a growth of about 2.5% to 
3%.  
The reason for this is the major surge of growth is usually going to come from EXIM numbers. 
You know, EXIM, because of the geopolitical situation, we've not seen robust growth. So, what 
you are seeing is growth only coming on the back of domestic. EXIM has now turned net positive 
for us quarter-on-quarter.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
And we are hopeful that as we move towards a large trade agreement, primarily with America, 
that should really help in our EXIM numbers and we should be able to see robust growth if that 
happens. Primarily, your numbers of growth are looking muted primarily on the EXIM base, 
because domestically we are growing extremely fast. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. That was from my side. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Thank you, Vivek ji. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aditya Varma from Synergy Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Varma: 
Yes, good morning, sir. Once again, I think you just answered my last question. My last in the 
previous candidate's question. So, my question was only this that looking at the trade deals, 
which India is going further with, with New Zealand we have a trade deal almost finalized with 
UK, with US, we can have the good news anytime.  
Looking forward to these trade deals, can we expect a better EXIM model and do you see that, 
we can foresee our growth in the future quarters? Because I've been tracking your company since 
the IPO listing and we have had some headwinds, but it seems like the worst is over now and 
with the geopolitical situations easing up. So, we can expect some better quarters and better 
figures on the balance sheets? Thank you, sir. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Yes, sir. To be honest, I completely agree with your assessment. We've had the last year because 
of the geopolitical situation, especially with America, it's been very hard, not only for us, but for 
all our major export partners, our clients as well. And what we have done in the meantime as a 
country is that we have pivoted into diversified export basket.  
We are as a country, focused more on EU, UK, Middle East, even Africa and Asia. And this has 
shown notable gains in the volumes that we've been able to pump out there. Having said that, 
once the Indo-US treaties or whatever form it gets signed, I think that's going to give us 
significant strength in EXIM numbers for the country and especially for us as well.  
If we are able to go back to the numbers of EXIMs that we've actually delivered in the past, that 
will be a tremendous growth opportunity. I'm not even talking about new business opportunities, 
I'm just talking about going back to the numbers that we've already done in the past for several 
years. 
 
So the opportunity, I think the worst is over now and H2 onwards, I think the EXIM numbers 
should start showing great signs of growth. And that will not only help in the EXIM business, 
but it will help in the overall numbers for us as a company. You'll be able to see the growth 
because whatever we are delivering now, this is a very strong domestic performance. 
 
Like I said, 25%, 26% growth in domestic quarter-on-quarter and that basically is getting 
absorbed in the growth numbers. So for the quarter, if I talk about, we delivered 55,837 TEUs 
in quarter 2 compared to 50,784. So in an absolute number, that's a growth of about 5.5 thousand 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
containers, almost a 10% growth year-on-year. So assume that the same growth starts coming in 
EXIM and you can do the math yourself. 
Aditya Varma: 
Correct, sir. And also, sir, one more thing for the part of shareholders, your company I feel, is 
still quite undervalued. There's just one good quarter which we all, the shareholders are waiting 
for and I wish you all the best for this. Thank you, sir. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
I agree with you, sir. And the company, the promoters themselves have put the skin in the game 
as you know last quarter we purchased shares and we remain very, very confident that what we 
are doing is a long-term play and we are very, very hopeful that we'll be able to show some good 
numbers going forward basis the EXIM business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Preeti Agarwal from SK Associates. Please 
go ahead. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Yes, thank you so much for the opportunity. I would like to know that the EBITDA margins 
have dropped significantly from 8.4% in Q2 FY25 to 4.3% in Q2 FY26. So like what are the 
key drivers behind these compressions? Are they higher cost, operational cost or pricing pressure 
or any changes in the business mix? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
That's a fair question, ma'am. So it's a mix of both. Though the gross margin remains good, 
EBITDAs have dropped mainly because of higher operations cost. We've had a lot of 
maintenance and optimization payments coming out in this quarter in terms of container 
optimization and upkeep, vehicle upkeep, as well as certain detention and damage due to the 
imbalance in EXIM trade played a factor also, not a very large factor, but a small factor.  
This led to an increase in operations cost in the EXIM business, which is now more or less 
stabilized. And we expect that EBITDA margins should start improving in H2 FY26 because 
now the situation is more or less stable. My gut feel is that we are over the hump now. And so 
we should be able to start seeing improvement in our EBITDA margins. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Understood. And the working capital days has also increased to 119 days in H1 FY26. So what 
steps are being taken to improve it as there are little to no inventory for us? So has the receivables 
been decreasing? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
So basically, there's been an increase in payment cycles.  this is a large acquisition of new 
businesses in the MSME cycle. So that's led to an increase in the payment cycles for us. And the 
debtor days are also slightly higher. So we are working with our customers to try to remove it. 
There were some imbalances towards the end of the quarter due to the GST ratification, etcetera., 
which led to some delays in receiving of payments. But that hopefully in H2 we should be able 
to see a drop in both debtor days as well as the working capital cycle. We are quite confident. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Understood, sir. Yes, that was it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Subham Agrawal from Subham A & Associates. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Subham Agrawal: 
Yes, sir. I just wanted to ask why the employee benefit expenses have grown up by 40% if we 
compare it from year-on-year, whereas the sales revenue has only increased by 2%. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
So it's a fair question. Basically this is driven by new talent acquisition that we have done quite 
assiduously over the last two to three quarters in keeping in alignment with our new facility that 
we've opened. It requires a lot of more manpower, a lot of more people on the ground to do the 
marketing and management since it's MSME business. It's not a large corporate business and 
that's why it has come in. It's more or less going to now stabilize at this level. It shouldn't increase 
more, but whatever increases happened has already happened over here, basically because of 
that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions and in the interest of time, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Aryan Sumra from MUFG for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Aryan Sumra: 
Thank the management for taking your time out and to all the participants. If you have any 
further questions, feel free to contact us. We are MUFG Intime, Investor Relations Advisors to 
Western Carriers (India) Limited. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Western Carriers (India) Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
