 
Confidential 
 
 
AX1/ISD/STEX/103/2025-26  
                                                            Date: 17.10.2025 
 
 
The Vice President 
BSE Ltd., 
P.J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 The Vice President 
 National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
 Exchange Plaza,  
 Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532525                              NSE Scrip Code: MAHABANK                      
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Institutional Investors / Analysts held 
on 14.10.2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of conference call with Institutional 
Investors/ Analysts regarding Financial Results of Bank for the quarter and half year ended 
30.09.2025 held on Tuesday, 14.10.2025. 
 
The transcript of conference call is uploaded on Bank’s website and same can be accessed 
through below link:  
https://www.bankofmaharashtra.in/financial_results  
  
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Bank of Maharashtra 
 
 
 
(Vishal Sethia) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
प्रधान कार्ाालर् / Head Office: “Lokmangal”, 1501, Shivajinagar, Pune – 411005 
कॉर्पोरेट कार्ाालर् / Corporate Office: 134/1, Mont Claire, Baner- Pashan Link Road, Pashan, Pune - 411021 
टेली /Tel.: 020 71658139 ईमेल / Email: investor_services@mahabank.co.in वेबसाइट/ Website: www.bankofmaharashtra.in 
VISHAL 
SETHIA
Digitally signed by 
VISHAL SETHIA 
Date: 2025.10.17 
15:55:23 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
Bank of Maharashtra  
Q2 & H1 FY-2026 Earnings Conference Call 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NIDHU SAXENA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CEO 
 
MR. ROHIT RISHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND ALL 
CHIEF GENERAL MANAGERS& GENERAL MANAGERS 
OF THE BANK 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Bank of Maharashtra Q2 and H1 FY 2026 
Earnings Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
We have with us from the management, Shri Nidhu Saxena, Managing Director and CEO; Shri 
Rohit Rishi, Executive Director, and all Chief General Managers and General Manager of the 
bank. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Shri Nidhu Saxena for opening remarks. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Good afternoon and thank you for joining this conference call.  We have announced our Q2 
and H1-FY2026 results, will quickly cover the main highlights while you would have gone 
through the presentation. 
Our total business grew by 14% to Rs. 5.63 lakh crore. Deposits has gone up by 12.13%, 
Advances have gone up by almost 17%, CD ratio for us has improved to 82%. Gross NPAs have 
declined to 1.72%. Net NPA have declined to 0.18%. Our provision coverage ratio is standing at 
98.34%. 
 
Our net profit has increased by 23% to Rs. 1,633 crore. Operating profit has grown by 17% to 
Rs. 2,500 crore. Net interest income has increased by almost 16%. NIM stood at a healthy 
3.85%. Cost to income has also improved to 37.1%. ROA has improved to 1.82%. 
 
Yes, our capital adequacy is improving to 18.13% within which the Tier-1 is standing at 14.96%, 
almost 15%. SMA, the loan book is also behaving well. SMA-1 plus 2, which is always an element 
of concern within the overall SMA book, so that SMA-1 and 2 have actually gone down from 
2.61% to 1.87%, it has been an improvement of 74 bps. A couple of things over and above these 
parameters of business growth, asset quality, efficiency ratio, profitability and capital adequacy 
metrics.  
 
I would like to mention about that S&P Global has assigned us a BBB- rating, and which is three 
notches improvement of what other international rating agency has assigned to the bank. Now 
we have two international agencies that have assigned ratings for the bank.  
 
Our GIFT IBU, which was made operational in this quarter within a period less than six months 
of the Reserve Bank of India’ approval to our application; and we have closed this half year with 
Rs. 100 million of business in the IBU. There is a complete pipeline that is getting built to see 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
that we are getting more and more traction in that IBU. We are keeping aspirations. We have 
yet to put some numbers, but maybe it can be a $1 billion book in the next 12 months, it should 
be a profitable business which is also our aspiration in the GIFT IBU branch. 
 
The sharp rating improvements, which has come from the international rating agency. We are 
also seeing traction in FII holding, which is going up steadily. Recently, we are seeing interest 
getting built up in FIIs who are looking and tracking our stock. From 0.39% FII holding in 2023, 
for September 2025 the FII holding has improved to 2.58%. Likewise, mutual funds have also 
been building books with our Bank of Maharashtra scrip in their kitty. 
 
We are consistently outperforming the industry. We are fast expanding our presence in 
potential growth centers of the country and that is one thing which has not only helped us 
register more than industry performance, but it is also helping us sustain this kind of growth 
performance in the years to come because this is a 5-year plan to open 1,000 branches in the 
next five years is what the broad Board approval we are having.  In this FY26, we have taken 
one big initiative to open 321 branches, we are calling it as the Project 321, and the plan is to 
open 321 branches in the next 18 months. The new branch opening that we have shortlisted 
after doing a scientific exercise, taking help of external agencies, for us to understand these 
potential growth centers of the country, where we will be opening our presence in a phased 
manner. This is what is going to support and sustain our fast growth rate that we are clocking 
every quarter-on-quarter. 
 
I am satisfied as a bank, as a management that whatever guidance at the beginning of the year 
for the last 12 to 15 months we have been talking about, we are maintaining and beating our 
own guidance quarter-on-quarter.  If you look at the metrics of importance to the investors, 
specifically the ROA, ROE, NIM, these numbers, we are having a decent guidance for NIM of 
3.75%.  
 
This quarter also, we have, despite the rate cut impact coming in completeness in this quarter, 
we have been able to maintain our NIM above the guidance that we had shared in the 
beginning. And the Q3 and Q4, we have seen that with most of our deposit maturity profile, 
seeing the deposits getting repriced, we should see that further NIM contraction should not 
be. But yes, we are keeping a conservative number of 3.75% in terms of the NIM guidance. 
 
Let me take a pause here and maybe take some questions before we keep sharing couple of 
other things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question comes from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir, I wanted to understand the movement in cost of deposits this quarter, which has gone up 
by 8 bps. So, what was the benefit from term deposit rate cut? And what was the adverse 
impact from the current account changes, the decline in CA balance? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Right.  If you see our deposit growth for this quarter, year-on-year, we have grown by 12.12%, 
but within which CASA has grown at almost 15%, so, focus clearly stands out to have more and 
more low-cost deposit in the system. The high-cost bulk wherever we have identified, which is 
sitting in our deposit book, we have been very consciously not renewing the bulk high-cost 
deposits. What data we will share is that our bulk deposits have seen a 9.9% de-growth.  
Deposits have grown majorly from the CASA, which has grown at 15%, and that's how the total 
story is growing at 12%. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Right. But sir, the question is on cost of deposits, which has increased. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Our focus is to maintain our deposit growth majorly through the low-cost element. We have 
done a lot of efforts to see that both the components, the core CASA that is coming from our 
branches and the institutional CASA, which we focus from institutions, government 
departments, ministries, corporates. We have a separate vertical that takes care of that. The 
two objectives are strategically achieved through a lot of strategies that we have put in place. 
 
If I have to tell you, in terms of business that is happening in branches, we have done a lot of 
product improvements, we have introduced products for some segments where we were 
missing. Today, we have a complete basket of products that is taking care of the professionals, 
the HNIs, the NRIs, the business community and so current savings, salaried, non-salaried, we 
have a complete basket of products. We have also looked at the process part, whether the 
process is a healthy seamless onboarding of clients to the bank's business and once they are 
on boarded, whether they are able to seamlessly transact. 
 
Our mobile banking application, which we have revamped, we have not just upgraded our 
existing mobile application by introducing a new version, but we have revamped the version, 
and this is moving faster.  The concept of giving ease of doing business for a client that they are 
able to transact on this mobile application with minimum number of clicks has been our 
theories in building, developing this mobile banking application. Someone should experience it 
to understand what I am indicating. A lot of technology is helping in this segment, the individual 
core segment that is happening in branches. 
 
For the institutional segment, we have started with putting up a new business vertical, calling 
it as new business customer acquisition vertical headed by a lady General Manager. Having a 
complete structure with her, the only two KRA is to reach out to institutions and look at their 
banking needs and try to get institutional deposits from them. Bringing some value also to the 
institutional clients and understanding their specific needs and also offering some technology-
based solutions there, so, these two verticals are independently working. As I said there is a 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
core business of CASA, there is an institutional business of CASA and we are trying to address 
both these components with a different strategy that is working for us. We are trying to see 
that we maintain this low-cost element in our deposit profile, which is a big enabler, 
contributor to our bottom line. The system would have seen the average CASA at some point 
of time, which was in the industry 43%, 44%, came down to almost 37%, but we have been able 
to maintain our guidance to maintain it above 50%. That is one. Second, a lot of our experience 
is that with this rate cuts in the deposit side also, clients are also parking their money from the 
CASA to creating term deposits with us.  
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir, we heard all of these points. This point is well understood. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Okay. So, I think we can move to the next question 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir, second was on what is the outstanding AFS reserve at the end of Q2? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
It's around Rs. 340 crore on the gross basis. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Okay. And just kind of the similar number, Rs. 500 crore at the end of Q1, right? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Yes. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Okay. lastly, there's almost 10.5% Q-on-Q increase in credit RWA this quarter, so if you can 
explain what is the reason for that? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
My CRO is just joining the call, and he will respond. 
Sobbhasish Rooyy: 
 The total RWA from the June to September 2025 has increased around Rs. 16,000 crore, out 
of which, the credit RWA has increased around Rs. 15,000 crore and market RWA has increased 
around Rs. 1,180crore. If you see the credit RWA has increased because of gross advances have 
increased around Rs. 14,000 crore and there is some extra undrawn so, that has also increased 
around Rs. 7,000 crore.  Likely, it is around Rs. 16,000 crore on credit RWA has increased. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Okay. So, the higher share is because of the undrawn lines as well. Okay, sir. I got it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Kothari from Aviva India. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kothari: 
Sir, if you could guide with respect to your growth that I am seeing in the RAM portfolio, retail 
has grown very nicely, but SME and Agri, the growth is lagging behind. So, any thoughts over 
there? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Overall share of RAM is 62:38 and our guidance has been to maintain it at 60:40 plus/minus 
2%.  We are doing a conscious rebalancing again in the two verticals. The idea behind is the 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
loan book that we are creating, and it must be of good quality borrowers, prime borrowers. In 
the Agri portfolio, we are going from production credit to investment credit and trying to look 
at reaching out some mid-segment kind of clients. The overall guidance is 60:40 plus/minus 
2%, we are already at 62%. If you see in the retail, there are a couple of products which are 
seeing a lot of traction. The home loans are growing at fast growth rate of 30% - 31%, gold 
loans have grown at 47%, vehicle loans have grown at 49% and these are our own set of clients 
who have been banking with us. We have tweaked some schemes to introduce new customer-
friendly schemes to bring them on our fold. The entire focus in this segment is towards the big 
ticket advances where we are seeing the LTV is also very favorable to the bank. We are having 
that comfort that this growth in the retail portfolio, we are growing in the segment which is 
constituting the prime and super prime borrowers. 
 
In the bank, today, there is no loan that is available for a client having CIBIL score less than 681, 
as per the definition of TransUnion CIBIL is a subprime segment. We have strengthened our 
underwriting benchmark, so, that is one of the reasons that industry growth is supporting in 
these retail segments. Plus, we have done a lot of product improvisations, introducing new 
product lines to see that there is a good traction in the retail. In the agriculture and MSME, 
while we grow the loan book, we are mindful of the pool of assets that we are going to create. 
 
We are focusing this time more on investment credit, some big ticket mid-segment kind of 
proposals where we will see a lot of ancillary business opportunities coming in cold storage, 
dhal mill, rice mill, so ticket size and portfolio will improve. We will get some tangible securities, 
which are going to be with those credit limits that we are going to consider for borrowers, so, 
that kind of consciousness migrating from production-linked to investment-linked credit. In the 
production, in the KCC, we have already created digital journeys, and we would want the 
underwriting for small ticket KCC loans to be end-to-end digitalized. 
 
To begin with two states, state of Maharashtra is the first where luckily, we have good 
exposure, and the land records in this state are fully digitalized. With that, end-to-end journey 
is possible in underwriting for the small ticket size KCC loans so, that's how the strategy is and 
I think in coming quarters, we will see a lot of traction in these two segments also. 
 
To answer your question in one line, bank is looking at wherever profitable opportunities for 
growth are there, we will definitely be participating. We will be mindful of the quality of the 
loan book that is getting created and how the loan in times to come should be behaving. We 
are fully mindful of that, and then that's how we are going to increase. 
Abhishek Kothari: 
Okay. Sir, your capital consumption was high in this quarter, around 193 bps. You have a 
resolution or Board approval in place for fund raise. So, by when could we expect your fund 
raise to come by? Will it be in this fiscal, Q4or will it go to next fiscal? 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Nidhu Saxena: 
So, there are plans. We have approvals in place from our Board, from the government, RBI, 
shareholders. So, approvals are in place to go for a fundraise. Within this FY2026, we are 
looking at the opportune time and opportune mode to do that. And the one aspect that I would 
like to share here is while the capital adequacy stands at almost 18%, which is our guidance to 
maintain it going forward, and yes, 193 bps that we have consumed. But if I factor in the 
profitability of these two quarters, my CRAR improves by another 1.72%. So, this is one thing. 
And coming back to your fund raise query, I have Rs. 7,500 crore of approval from the Board 
within which equity is Rs. 5,000 crore, the rest is debt.  At the opportune time in the remaining 
FY26, we would definitely like to take a call on this and we will use to go for the fund raise. 
That's the two reasons for us. 
Abhishek Kothari: 
Sir, just to ask, would you be raising the entire Rs. 5,000 crore or it will be like Rs. 2,500 crore 
kind of a number? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Since this enabler is there and we take it from the beginning of the year, so that approval is on 
the higher side. With the healthy CRAR of 18%, there is no urgent emergent need for raising 
the growth capital, but going forward, our guidance is to maintain at this healthy level, that 
makes the case for going for a capital raise to fund the growth that we are fast clocking. The 
branch expansion reaching out to new geographies is only helping us with more and more 
business opportunities coming to the bank. 
 
And second, one of the reason with us is that we started the last financial year with the 
Government of India holding standing at 86.46%. With the last rate, it has come down to 79.6%, 
so, it is below 80% now. To comply with the SEBI MPS norm, we have just to complete this 
tranche of 4.60% and once that is happening, we are complying with the SEBI guidelines of 
minimum public shareholding. These two reasons are very much there, which are there in our 
mind and at the opportune time, we are definitely going to decide to do this effort within this 
FY2026. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Suraj Das from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Suraj Das: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. Sir, two questions. First one, your Agri GNPA has 
increased quite a lot over the last one year, and the number is touching almost 10% now. 
Anything specific that is happening there or any particular state or anything there? That is 
question one. Question two, sir, your comment on ECL, any impact there on both the credit 
cost or the asset quality side as well as on the fee income side, because now I think fee will be 
amortized?  
Nidhu Saxena: 
So, there are three elements of your question, if I have understood correctly. One is the 
increase in the agricultural NPA. Second is on fee income. And what was the third part? Credit 
cost.  

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Suraj Das: 
Sir sorry, fee income and credit cost is in the context of ECL. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Understood. Agri NPA is a conscious strategy to recognize the issue and then go ahead and 
resolve it. Although what we have seen is the first half of the year and more particularly the 
first quarter, we would see some slippages in the Agri segment. We have seen some agriculture 
stress in some pockets, in some branches where we have seen incessant rains and flooding, 
and those kind of small, small issues. At the holistic level also, I have mentioned about we are 
rebalancing our Agri book and taking it towards the investment credit side. We were a little 
slow in doing the production KCC credit for some time. We had consciously decided to have 
the underwriting in one level above, not allow the branches, so, somehow the portfolio in 
terms of volume has not grown. Denominator actually reduced and the NPA stays there and 
you see the percentage slightly going up. 
 
The RBI guidelines on classifying your advances, gold loan advances and agriculture had gone 
some changes. That's how a lot of our agriculture classified gold loans, we had marked them 
as nonpriority to comply with the RBI guideline, as it was a substantial number. In real terms, 
nothing has happened in the agricultural NPA, but this rebalancing plus this RBI guidelines 
undergoing a change, which again, now up to Rs. 2 lakhs RBI has permitted.  We are again able 
to reclassify that to the agriculture gold loans because anything and everything that is getting 
to be done has to be compliant with what the regulator regulatory guidelines are. That is first 
and foremost requirement. 
 
This is how the agriculture NPA for the moment is looking elevated, but we are very consciously 
working on it. Going forward, we do not see any major challenges. Our strategy may take a 
quarter or two when we are onboarding fresh advances, big ticket advances in the Agri 
segment, and we are able to build the denominator also. So, you will see the percentage also 
normalizing in the following quarter. 
 
Coming to the next question is ECL. ECL calculations, once it was indicated as something as a 
forthcoming guideline so, the broad number is there with us, Rs. 2,500 crore. We had already 
started proactively providing for ECLs provisioning. I am holding in my balance sheet, Rs. 250 
crore of ECL provision. If I give you a sense of it, it is Rs. 2,500 crore to be maintained from 1st 
April 2027 to 31st March 2031.There is a glided path available. The number is requiring me to 
provide Rs. 100 crore to Rs. 125 crore every quarter towards ECL, which is very well managed, 
and we see absolutely no challenge in making those provisions when the guidelines are coming 
into effect from 1st of April. 
 
Credit cost has seen a slight improvement in this particular quarter. Credit cost has actually 
come down from Q-on-Q, if you look at from 1.19% to 0.92%. Our new underwriting norms, 
which are put in place for the last 10, 12 months, wherein even in the individual segmented 
loans, we are not underwriting to the subprime category and for the MSME loans, we are 
benchmarking our underwriting to CMR ranks given by the TransUnion CIBIL. Anything which 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
is below the investment grade, it is not considered in the bank, so only CMR 1, 2, 3, 4 and up 
to CMR 5, which are defined as investment grade, we have restricted. 
 
If I give you a sense data, home loans that have happened in this bank, this fantastic growth of 
30%-31% after we have introduced that no home loans below 681. An outcome of the one 
simple step of no underwriting in the bank below 681 in the home loan segment, one product 
category. My 27% of home loan sanctions that have happened in the last 12 months are 800 
and above CIBIL score category, 57% has happened in CIBIL score category, 750 and 800. You 
will see the major underwriting that is happening is in the prime and the super-prime 
categories, so that's how in times to come, quarters to come, we will see that the slippage 
number, which has shown slight improvement. We are on the right track of building a loan 
book which is of, good rated borrowers, prime category borrowers and the slippages, which is 
a guidance for us is to maintain below 1% we would be able to maintain it on a sustainable 
basis. 
Suraj Das: 
Sure, sir. Just one follow-up, sir. On the fee income, do you see any decline in fee income 
because now you have to amortize fee under the ECL versus now, I think upfronting of fee 
income? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
The way we are growing the credit along with fund-based and non-fund-basedso, the 
opportunities that we are creating for enhancing our fee-based processing charges, LCBD 
commission, then we have identified other areas of augmenting the fee income. We have gone 
for entering into new partnerships, we are joined with SBI Cards, where we are offering co-
branded cards for clients. So, my clients, I am seeing are enrolling in large numbers. We are 
seeing the traction, and I am getting fee-based. 
 
 A couple of bancassurance is another area we have ramped up our partnerships in life and 
non-life. These partners are in the process of onboarding, but we are also very conscious of the 
misselling part of it.  We are digitalizing the entire end-to-end policy issuance so that there is 
no chance left for any income leakage, revenue leakage and right selling practices, customers 
getting what they actually require. We are mindful of that.  All these elements, which 
contribute to enhancing our fee-based is definitely in our to-do list and very consciously, we 
want to improve this parameter of performance. 
Suraj Das: 
This you have COVID provision of Rs. 1,200 crore also. So, that Rs. 2,500 crore of ECL provision 
is after adjusting for this Rs. 1,200 crore or this, you can use towards this Rs. 2,500 crore? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
It is not just Rs. 1,200 crore of COVID provisioning. Today, we have ad hoc provisioning in the 
balance sheet cushion, which is almost now Rs. 3,000 crore. This is a very conscious strategy 
going by what guidance comes from the regulator also from time to time that these are the 
good times for the industry and all the players, entities operating within it. We should be 
looking at building extra cushions and buffers in the balance sheet, so that's how we are doing 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
it. I am holding today almost Rs. 3,000 crore and I can do it in one go, but that's not what is the 
right prescription to do. Rs. 2,500 crore as against that. We have already built Rs. 250 crore, 
and we may follow a glided path as is also allowed by the regulator to create the provisions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Siddharth Rajpurohit from Systematix 
Group. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Sir, first on gold loan. What will be your LTV in the Agri and non-Agri side? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
. LTV in gold loans, the RBI guidelines are 75% at all times, so, for agriculture, we have kept 85% 
LTV. We have some variance within this range in the nonpriority, but wherever we get higher 
LTV, we offer a lesser ROI to incentivize clients to come and pay a higher rate. If they want 
more loan, they have to pay me a higher pricing. The pricing is tweaked towards the higher 
LTV, which is our safety. But in agriculture segment, we are 85%. All our product variants are 
following the RBI LTV norm of minimum 75% at all times. 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Sir, second, on your small and medium segment. In the segment, sequentially, the NPAs have 
gone up. So, what is the trend that we are seeing? Is there incremental pain that is in this 
segment? And also, these are numbers above Rs. 5 crore. So, if you can give some trends that 
we have observed in, say, below Rs. 5 crore? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
The NPA in the lower segment, we are trying to address in a long-term basis. Mostly for like 
Mudra segment loans, we have created digital journeys end-to-end online.   A customer can 
apply online through application, without reaching to our branch The processing, the 
documentation and disbursement happens end-to-end online. We do for maintaining the 
quality part of it that the rules we are prescribing in this digital journey, BREs are decided by 
the bank to see that the beneficiaries are the right kind of beneficiaries that are entering into 
this loan book, my system once they follow this underwriting. 
 
Our experience is whatever physical mode that we have been erstwhile doing, legacy, the loan 
book that is getting created through digital sanctions. End-to-end digital journeys, the quality, 
the stress level, everything is far, far better. The low-ticket loans, in the Agri segment or in the 
micro MSME segment, we are all migrating to this digital journeys. 
 
We also have done a lot of co-lending partnerships; almost eight to nine co-lending 
partnerships we are having today. The RBI guidelines have undergone change and I have to 
make it compliant now with those things, but we have built a good book through co-lending, 
where we are getting a reasonable pricing and we are having this co-lending and the business 
that happens entirely digitalized. There is no intervention from the branch when they are 
dealing with the low ticket size. so, this is the broad way to look at the micro and that kind of 
stress that generally may be experienced in the lower segment and pricing the risk also 
properly. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Sir, are you seeing some incremental stress in the MSME space, of late? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
It is not something too alarming in the retail and MSME. If you ask me the stress which is there, 
so retail, more than 50% of book is home loans it is backed by mortgage. If there is an account 
which is experiencing stress and tomorrow, SMA-2, it will slip to a delinquent category, we can 
start the recovery action very fast and with the mortgage, I am able to recover my dues also. 
We are seeing quick upgrades also happening because since it's backed by mortgage and the 
value of security only appreciates. So, we are not seeing any stress in that retail element.  
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Just a final question, sir. On the MSME particularly, sir, are you seeing any incremental stress? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
MSME, in fact, if you see my absolute number, percentage terms, in the presentation, if that is 
accessible to you. MSME has the stress number, year-on-year if you see, September '2024 was 
2.39%, it has come down to 1.73% now. If you see for our bank, the MSME portfolio is also 
behaving well. There's no issue. 
Siddharth Rajpurohit: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Akshay Badlani from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshay Badlani: 
Given the fact that the ECL provisions, the impact is Rs. 100 crore to Rs. 125 crore per quarter. 
So, what are we sensing in terms of a credit cost, like a sustainable credit cost guidance, if we 
could get? Also given the fact that our tax rate would get normalized also maybe to some extent 
in FY'26 or '27. So, what could be the normalized credit cost range that we are looking for? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Right, credit cost guidance has been to maintain it below 1%. If you see September '25, we 
have achieved 0.92%on a half yearly basis, it is marginally 2 basis points above, 1.02%.  I think 
we are seeing that the steps we have taken to keep the credit cost in line, they are delivering 
the results and this guidance number going forward also, we would be maintaining to keep the 
credit cost below 1%. 
Akshay Badlani: 
This is including the ECL impact as well that we will additionally provide for the next four to five 
years, right? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
If you see in terms of IRAC norms, if you look at my NNPA, it is 0.18%. Now to maintain that 
kind of NNPA number. Whenever we are encountering slippages, so as against the IRAC norm 
of providing 15% on day one, we are providing 100% and that’s how my credit cost also looks 
elevated. If I say from the IRAC perspective, it is ranging from 0.4% to 0.45% in real terms. If I 
look at as per the regulatory norms, my credit cost is 0.4%. But because of this maintaining the 
fine NNPA of 0.18%, I am providing 100% against the regulatory prescribed of 15%. 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
And just to add, our PCR, if you see is 98.37% now. With 98.37%, I do not have the pressure of 
aging provisions. It's mostly book which is provided for. Minus two, it is also 90.37%. So, with 
that kind of high provisioning we are holding, the aging provision pressure is also not there. 
Akshay Badlani: 
Understood. Got it. And the second question was given the fact that you have given this target 
of 321 branches in the next 18 months, in which geographies are we seeing these incremental 
branches? Which geographies how much of it would be like non-Maharashtra, given the fact 
that we are looking to expand beyond Maharashtra as well? So, which kind of geographies are 
we looking for to expand? 
Nidhu Saxena: 
Today, Maharashtra, is the highest contributing state to the nation's GDP, we all know is 
Maharashtra. We are adequately represented within Maharashtra. Our expansion is all beyond 
Maharashtra, outside Maharashtra. If you see 12 months from now, our branch ratio was 52% 
Maharashtra and the other side is non-Maharashtra, that ratio has changed to 42% now in 
Maharashtra, rest is all outside Maharashtra. The 1,000 branches that we have taken approval 
and this 321, it is all opening branches outside Maharashtra. Very consciously, we are planning 
our presence where two things are happening. One, there is an existing banking business 
potential already there, Second, the growth is also happening. 
 
The scientific work that we have done using lot of data points, they have down to the PIN code 
level. One center suppose has three PIN codes, the Kanpur city, if has three to four PIN codes, 
we have a recommendation from the external expert that this is a PIN code that you should be 
opening the branch. Where the city is expanding, that makes a lot of sense. and we are opening 
branches where the existing banking potential is there and potential for growth is also there. 
 
Our sense is that when you are going to be one another player in a mature market, it will be 
very difficult to get traction. But if you are going to open your shops in places where the 
opportunities are increasing, business is growing, you will find that there will be a scope for a 
new player to also garner reasonable business in the first year of operations. We have very 
clear laid down metrics that if it's a metro branch, that branch, how much of business in the 
next 12 months of opening is that they will be expected to garner, within which what should 
be the ratio of advances, what is deposits and we would expect a branch on their own to 
become a profit center head for us. That's how very clearly measurable metrics for the new 
branches in metro, urban, semi-urban and rural. 
 
If you see my new business verticals that I mentioned about, they are now in this year, given 
five focus states, which are, of course, Maharashtra, we have a strong traction edge, we are 
building on that relationship through more cross-selling to the institutional clients also. But 
outside Maharashtra replicating our experience and handling institutional business in five focus 
states. If you ask me those focus states, these are the states where the central allocations are 
coming in big numbers. We have done an analysis, studied the budget, the allocations, and we 
have a sense that there is always a scope for a new player to even garner an institutional 

 
Bank of Maharashtra 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
business. These five focus states, my new business vertical approaches and they are able to 
understand their needs and offer customized tech-based solutions and get that business on 
the board. 
 
We have got a lot of tractions from this initiative. This year, we have only gone ahead and 
strengthened the vertical further with every 50 zonal offices having some extended arm of the 
new business vertical so, that's how we are approaching the branch expansion strategy. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we take that as the last question, and we 
conclude the question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to Shri Nidhu 
Saxena for his closing comments. 
Nidhu Saxena: 
So, I think there were rounds of disruptions and probably sometime got consumed, but we are 
very actively and aggressively doing the reach out outside these quarterly calls and meeting 
the investors and analysts and the community as a whole, both domestic and foreign. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Bank of Maharashtra, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
 
