 
 
 
Tata Technologies Limited 
Plot No 25, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park | Hinjawadi, Pune 411057 | India 
Tel: +91 20 6652 9090 | Fax: +91 20 6652 9035 
CIN L72200PN1994PLC013313  
Email: investor@tatatechnologies.com 
Website: www.tatatechnologies.com 
Ref. No.: TTL/COSEC/SE/2025-26/59 
 
 
October 22, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call on financial results for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call on financial results for quarter and half 
year ended September 30, 2025, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors held on October 
17, 2025. 
 
The above information will be made available on the website of the Company: www.tatatechnologies.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Tata Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________________ 
Vikrant Gandhe 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
BSE Limited                                
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 544028 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051, India 
Trading symbol: TATATECH 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHE
KHAR GANDHE
Digitally signed by 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHEKHAR 
GANDHE 
Date: 2025.10.22 
15:31:54 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
“Tata Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. WARREN HARRIS – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MS. SUKANYA SADASIVAN – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MS. SAVITHA BALACHANDRAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MS. GEENA BINOY – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES 
OFFICER – TATA TECHNOLOGIES 
 
MR. VIJAY LOHIA – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tata 
Technologies 2Q FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note, 
this call is being recorded. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 26 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Lohia, Head of 
Investor Relations at Tata Technologies. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you, Yashashri. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Tata 
Technologies Second Quarter of FY26 Earnings Call. I am Vijay 
Lohia, Head of Investor Relations. 
Joining me today are Mr. Warren Harris – CEO and Managing 
Director; Ms. Sukanya Sadashivan – Chief Operating Officer; 
Ms. Savitha Balachandran – Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. 
Geena Binoy – Chief Human Resources Officer. 
We will begin today’s session with an overview of the 
Company’s Performance from our Leadership team, followed 
by Q&A. 
Before we begin, a quick reminder: We do not provide specific 
revenue 
or 
earnings 
guidance. 
Any 
forward-looking 
statements made during this call should be considered in the 
context of the risks outlined in the second slide of the 
quarterly fact sheet available on our website. 
Our Press Release and Earnings Presentation have been 
submitted to the stock exchanges and are also available on our 
website. We hope you have had a chance to review them. 
With that, let me now hand over the call to Warren. 
Warren Harris: 
Thank you, Vijay. Hello, everybody, and thank you for joining us. 
It is a pleasure to be with you today to discuss our 
performance for the second quarter of fiscal year 2026. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 26 
 
This quarter marks an important step forward for Tata 
Technologies – a return to sequential growth and a 
reaffirmation of the resilience, innovation, and execution 
excellence that define our company. 
In Q2, we delivered 5.1% sequential growth in our services 
business and 6.4% overall revenue growth in Indian rupees. 
After a few softer quarters, it is encouraging to see 
momentum returning across our key accounts. This reflects 
both an improving demand environment and the trust our 
customers place in Tata Technologies. 
We continue to see strong performance in aerospace, which 
alongside the industrial heavy machinery vertical, delivered 
14% revenue growth in US dollar terms. This was driven by 
sustained demand and consistent execution across MRO, 
PLM, manufacturing engineering, and digital transformation 
engagements. 
The automotive vertical also regained positive momentum, 
recording a 0.5% sequential increase in US dollar terms, a 
clear sign of stabilization and improving demand. 
Our technology solutions business grew 10.6% quarter-
over-quarter, with strong performance in both the Education 
and 
the 
Products 
segments. 
The 
education 
vertical 
rebounded as previously delayed projects went live, and we 
also closed a large deal in this space. With a healthy pipeline 
ahead, we are confident as we enter the second half of FY26. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 26 
 
We also closed three large deals during the quarter:  
• One, with a Tier 1 automotive supplier where Tata 
Technologies has been engaged to harmonize its product 
data and information technology landscape across a 
series of recent acquisitions. 
• The second is for the development of a heads-up display 
unit for a Scandinavian OEM, showcasing our capabilities 
in delivering advanced in vehicle digital solutions. 
• And the third is our first direct deal with a German OEM, 
focused on traditional body engineering services that 
will 
contribute 
to 
all 
future 
vehicle 
programs, 
highlighting the accelerated progress we continue to 
make in this region. 
These wins exemplify both the scale and diversity of our 
engagements, and demonstrate our ability to deliver 
complex, high-value solutions across multiple regions and 
segments. 
Our EBITDA margin for the quarter was 15.7%. However, 
adjusting for one-off cyber incident-related expenses that 
we booked in Q2, relating to an attack that we reported earlier 
in the calendar year, margins improved from 16.1% in Q1 to 
16.4% in Q2, reflecting steady progress in operational 
efficiency and cost discipline.  
This performance underscores our balanced approach, 
focusing on margin improvement whilst also protecting 
delivery capacity in anticipation of growth in the second 
half of this year.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 26 
 
We have made deliberate choices – prioritizing capability 
building, customer delivery and innovation investments 
over maximizing short-term margins, because we believe 
this approach best positions us for sustainable long-term 
value creation. 
A major strategic milestone this quarter was the signing of a 
definitive agreement to acquire ES-TEC, a move that 
significantly advances our European presence and automotive 
engineering capabilities.  
This acquisition:  
• Provides direct access to Volkswagen as a key customer, 
• Strengthens our leadership position in Germany, and  
• Adds deep expertise at the top end of the systems 
engineering automotive V-cycle.  
With a team of over 300 highly skilled engineers, ES-TEC 
brings advanced capabilities in ADAS, Connected Driving, 
and Embedded Software – areas central to the industry shift 
towards software-defined intelligent mobility.  
ES-TEC’s longstanding relationship with Volkswagen, the 
world’s leading automotive R&D spender, together with 
Tata Technologies’ industry-leading automotive services 
portfolio, opens the door to deeper collaboration on next-
generation mobility programs, including EV platforms, 
software-defined architectures, and virtual validation 
initiatives.  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 26 
 
This acquisition also creates substantial cross-selling and 
portfolio synergies, enabling us to engage more deeply with 
OEMs as they navigate their way through the once-in-a-
generation structural changes that are currently defining 
the global mobility sector. 
Q2 was also a quarter of strong operational and innovation 
milestones.  
• We successfully introduced the Digital Key feature for an 
Indian automotive OEM, enabling iPhones, Apple Watches, 
and Android Devices to function as smart keys. 
• We launched WATTSync, our digital battery passport 
platform, 
which 
combines 
block 
chain-based 
traceability and AI-driven insights to help manufacturers 
meet global sustainability regulations and unlock new 
business models like Battery-as-a-Service. 
• We achieved ASPICE Capability Level 3 Certification, 
reinforcing our credibility and readiness to collaborate with 
leading global automakers. 
• We announced a strategic partnership with Synopsys to 
enable virtual validation in software-defined vehicles, 
accelerating OEMs ability to integrate and validate 
software more efficiently. 
• We expanded our European footprint with a new office in 
Munich, strengthening our engagement with OEMs in the 
region. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 26 
 
• We secured key projects with major automotive suppliers 
in 
North 
America 
and 
Europe, 
including 
PLM 
implementations, PDIT harmonization, and battery 
management systems development. 
• We partnered with the Government of Maharashtra to 
establish a Center for Invention, Innovation, Incubation 
and Training, deepening our commitment to developing 
future-ready engineering talent in this state. 
• We scaled our BMW joint venture to over 1,000 
employees.  
• We also invested in employee development, training over 
7,200 employees in this quarter, including 1,200-plus in 
generative and agentic AI. 
• We also received, and we are very proud of this, Gold at 
the 2025 Brandon Hall Group Excellence Awards for our 
Employee Recognition Program, celebrating our culture of 
engagement, collaboration, and excellence.  
Together these achievements demonstrate the depth of our 
innovation, the strength of our partnerships, and our focus 
on building future-ready capabilities across our business. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the second half 
of fiscal year 2026.  
We are seeing encouraging signs of recovery across all three 
major industry verticals, with large deal wins providing strong 
visibility into future growth.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 26 
 
While Q2 performance was solid, we anticipate some 
moderation in Q3, followed by a sharp recovery in the fourth 
quarter. 
As you may have read in the press, JLR’s IT systems are in the 
process of being carefully restored, and we are at the 
moment grappling with the implications of that. 
To sum up, Q2 has been a quarter of meaningful progress.  
We have delivered a return to growth, improved margins, 
strengthened our strategic presence in Europe, advanced 
our innovation agenda, and continue to invest in our people 
and partnerships. 
I want to extend my sincere thanks to our employees for their 
commitment to our customers for their trust, and to our 
shareholders for their continued confidence in our company. 
As we enter the second half of FY26, we do so with renewed 
confidence, a robust foundation, and a clear focus on 
delivering sustainable technology-led growth. 
Thank you, and I will now hand over to “Savitha to take you 
through the Financial Details.” But before I do that, let me 
extend a very Happy Diwali to everybody. 
S Balachandran: 
Thank you, Warren. Hello, and a warm welcome to everyone 
joining us on the call today. 
I am pleased to report that we delivered a sequential revenue 
growth of 6.4%, reaching Rs. 1,323 crores this quarter despite 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 26 
 
operating in a macro environment marked by economic 
uncertainty. On a constant currency basis, our total revenues 
were up 4.5%. 
Our services business that contributes 77% of our total 
revenue, grew 5.1% sequentially to Rs. 1,013 crores, and by 3% 
in constant currency, in line with the outlook we shared during 
last quarter’s call. While we continue to see some delays in 
ramp-up of large deals and protracted decision cycles, this 
quarter’s growth was supported by contributions from deals 
closed in the last quarter, along with a strong performance in 
the Aerospace and in the Industrial Heavy Machinery 
segments. These segments delivered a 14% sequential 
revenue increase in US dollar terms, driven by steady 
demand and consistent execution across MRO, PLM, 
manufacturing engineering, and digital transformation 
engagements. 
Looking ahead to the second half of Fiscal ‘26, we remain 
cautiously optimistic. While Q2 marked a return to growth, we 
expect some moderation in momentum during Q3, primarily 
due to the near-term temporary headwinds. That said, we 
anticipate a recovery in Q4 supported by recent deal wins, 
improving demand signals, and normalization of customer 
operations. 
Our Technology Solutions portfolio, which contributes the 
remaining 23% of our revenue, delivered a strong 10.6% 
sequential growth this quarter. This performance was driven 
by strong momentum both in the Education and in the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 26 
 
Products business. The education business saw a meaningful 
recovery as previously deferred projects moved into 
execution. With a healthy pipeline and continued traction 
across key accounts, we remain confident as we enter the 
second half of fiscal ‘26. 
Our EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at a reported number 
of 15.7%, which includes a one-time consulting expense of 
approximately over Rs. 10 crores that was incurred in 
connection with an incident that was referenced by Warren in 
his remarks.  
Adjusting for this exceptional item, our normalized EBITDA 
margin came in at 16.4%, reflecting a 30-basis points 
improvement quarter-over-quarter. We also continue to 
upgrade our digital infrastructure, our global footprint, such as 
the opening of the new office in Munich, as well as in people 
capabilities in line with our business requirements and outlook. 
Looking ahead in Q3, we anticipate some margin pressure due 
to the upcoming salary revision and some temporary 
headwinds in our customer operations as they continue 
efforts to restore their systems. 
Reported EBITDA came in at Rs. 208 crores, up 3.8% 
sequentially. Our share of profit from our joint venture with 
BMW grew 10.6% sequentially to Rs. 5.3 crores, while the net 
benefit from the joint venture stood at Rs. 13.6 crores, 
contributing 6% to our overall pre-tax profits. As a result, our 
operating profit or EBIT grew 4.6% quarter-on-quarter to Rs. 
190 crores. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 26 
 
Our other income saw a decline of 24% sequentially to Rs. 48 
crores, driven mainly by the lower unrealized foreign currency 
gains of about Rs. 18.5 crores compared with Rs. 25.3 crores in 
the previous quarter.  
As a result, our profit before tax declined 3% quarter-on-
quarter to a number of Rs. 226 crores. On a year-on-year basis, 
our profit before tax was up 3.9% and in the first six months of 
this fiscal year, our PBT is up 5% compared with the first half 
of last fiscal. 
Our effective tax rate remained flat at 26.8%. Resultantly, our 
profit after tax was down 3% to Rs. 165 crores. In the first six 
months of the fiscal year, our PAT is up 5% on a year-on-year 
basis. 
In terms of collection efficiency, we saw an uptick in DSO, 
which stood at 109-days as of September end from 87 days 
in June. This increase primarily reflects broader business 
conditions and certain customer-specific temporary 
situations that have impacted payment timelines.  
Our net cash position as a result stood at $123 million at the 
end of September compared with $159 million at the end of 
June. We continue to, however, operate as a debt-free balance 
sheet company.  
That said, we expect our DSOs to gradually revert to their 
historical range over the next couple of quarters as these 
temporary factors normalize and collection cycles stabilize. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 26 
 
Turning to our operational metrics: 
Our total headcount at the end of the quarter stood at 12,402 
compared to 12,407 in Q1, remaining broadly stable and aligned 
with our calibrated hiring approach. During the period, we 
continued to invest selectively in strategic talent across digital 
engineering, embedded systems, and AI-led transformation to 
strengthen differentiated delivery and long-term growth.  
We also advanced internal mobility, rotation, and re-skilling 
through our internal tech varsity, enabling talent repurposing 
as well as improved utilization.  
Investments in upskilling continue to accelerate, particularly 
across areas such as SDV, AI, and cybersecurity to deepen 
technical expertise and build a future-ready workforce.  
Our trailing 12-month attrition rate rose modestly to 15.1% 
compared to 13.8% in the previous quarter, reflecting natural 
market movements and industry normalization. Attrition 
remains within acceptable levels, supported by strong 
employee engagement and internal career pathways.  
We continue to emphasize retention through growth 
opportunities, continuous learning, leadership development, 
ensuring that our talent ecosystem remains motivated, 
capable, and aligned with the company’s transformational 
agenda. 
Before I conclude, I would like to also briefly touch upon a 
strategic development during the quarter, the signing of the 
definitive agreement to acquire ES-TEC.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 26 
 
We expect the transaction to close in Q3, subject to 
customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. Post-
closing, our immediate focus will be on ensuring a smooth 
integration, 
aligning 
our 
go-to-market 
strategies, 
and 
unlocking synergies across talent, technology, and customer 
relationships.  
We are confident that this acquisition will be attractive to our 
growth and margin profile and will further strengthen our 
position as a trusted partner in the automotive engineering 
ecosystem. 
To conclude, Q2 has been a quarter of meaningful progress 
and renewed momentum. Despite operating in a complex 
macro environment, we have delivered sequential growth 
across both services and technology solutions, maintained 
profitability, and continued to invest in strategic capabilities 
that position us well for long-term success.  
While we expect Q3 to reflect some temporary headwinds, 
including seasonal factors, we remain confident in our ability 
to navigate these challenges and return to a much stronger 
growth in Q4.  
Our focus remains on deepening customer relationships, 
driving operational excellence, and building a future-ready 
organization 
through 
continued 
investment 
in 
talent, 
technology, and transformation.  
Thank you to our employees for their unwavering commitment 
to our customers for their continued trust, and to our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 26 
 
shareholders for their support. We look forward to building on 
this momentum in the second half of fiscal ‘26. 
And before I close, I take this opportunity to wish you and your 
family a very Happy Diwali. We hope the festival brings you lots 
of joy, good health, and success your way. We will now open 
the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. We will take our first question from the line of 
Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
C Muthiah: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my questions. My 
first question is just around the contract which you mentioned. 
There was some lumpiness and delays in education-related 
business from the previous quarters. I just want to understand 
what would be the approximate case of that contract. 
Moderator: 
I am sorry, your voice is breaking. It is sounding muffled. 
C Muthiah: 
My first question is just around the education business. You 
mentioned that there were delays in education business 
contract actualization in the past two quarters which has 
benefited this quarter. I just want to understand what is the 
sizing of that deal which has benefited this quarter? 
Warren Harris: 
In terms of the situation that has played out in education, 
earlier in the calendar year, there were some delays in terms 
of getting access to some of the innovation centers that we 
were equipping with the next-generation capabilities and 
training curriculum that support our education value 
proposition. Those centers have now come online and so we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 26 
 
have been able to play some level of catch-up in Q2. We also 
have continued to reinforce our order book. I referenced one 
deal that we closed in Maharashtra in Q2, but there have been 
other deals that we have closed. So, we expect continued 
momentum in technology solutions and specifically in 
education in the coming quarters. 
C Muthiah: 
Just to follow up, I just want to understand, we have seen close 
to 11% QoQ growth in technology solutions. If it is most of that 
growth, let us say in terms of quantifying it, all of that growth is 
due to the lumpiness benefit? I think education and 
technology solutions is positive in the third quarter and the 
second quarter. I just wanted to follow up on if any 
quantification you are able to provide around the lumpiness of 
this deal? 
Warren Harris: 
The improvement was both in products and in education. The 
first quarter of our fiscal year is typically a soft quarter for 
products and so we have seen improvement in that. In the 
second half of the year, as a number of maintenance contracts 
continue to get refreshed and renewed, the second half of the 
year is a good seasonal period for our products business. 
Again, we expect continued growth in education, and we also 
expect to enjoy the seasonal benefit of the improvement in 
the second half of the year that typically underpins what 
happens in products. 
C Muthiah: 
Got it. That is helpful. Second question is just around your 
prepared remarks. We have, I think, done much better this 
quarter in terms of QoQ growth than the previous two where 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 26 
 
there were potentially macro headwinds that were delaying 
decision making at some of our core customers. You did 
mention that you are cautiously optimistic on the back half. 
Maybe 3Q will be seasonally weak, but you are hopeful that 
things pick up in 4Q. I just want to understand, based on some 
of the recent deal wins, do you think 4Q can be equally as good 
as this quarter in terms of QoQ growth you have been able to 
deliver in the core business? Any additional color you are able 
to provide on what is giving you confidence around potentially 
better 4Q in this part of the recovery in the cycle? 
Warren Harris: 
Just again to provide confidence, in Quarter 1 and at the 
beginning of the fiscal year, I have commented that we 
expected strong momentum in this year based upon the 
conversations that we were having in the fourth quarter of last 
year. Last year was somewhat unsettled because of the 
election in the US and some of the EV incentives in Europe 
running off. So, early part of the calendar year, we had some 
very, very good discussions with our customers about new 
products and the contribution that we can make to that.  
We saw some of that get somewhat undermined by the tariff 
announcements at the beginning of Q1 that not only impacted 
the North American manufacturing sector, but also impacted 
those customers in automotive, aerospace, and industrial 
heavy machinery that looked to sell into the United States 
because everybody was impacted, I think, in either direct 
terms or indirect terms through their supply chains.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 26 
 
So, what we anticipated in Q1, it started to play out in Q2 
because the uncertainty that was there after the tariff 
announcement is starting to clear and most of our customers 
are now getting aligned with the new normal in terms of the 
tariff environment specifically.  
So, many of those investment decisions that we were looking 
to intersect with at the beginning of the fiscal year have now 
come through in Q2, and that is what has largely driven the 
improvement that we have seen. We expect that to continue. 
Our customers and the markets that we serve are largely 
product-led. In all of the sectors, there has been some impact 
as far as investment – related to some of the geopolitical and 
the macroeconomic issues. Whilst not everybody will agree 
with the changes that have been enacted, at least we have got 
clarity now. Our customers, as a result of that, are returning to 
making investments in the next-generation products that 
stimulate the demand that we support. So, we are expecting a 
continued improvement from the perspective of the needs 
that our customers are looking to place with us. 
C Muthiah: 
Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Manik Taneja 
from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to get 
alternative inputs on a couple of things. You are saying that 
third quarter should probably be soft. Q4 is when you expect 
a sharp rebound. Just to understand if that comment 
essentially is on an organic basis, or even you will probably 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 26 
 
close this acquisition and thereby that is supporting the 
revenue growth momentum? That is question number one. The 
second thing is if you could give us some qualitative sense in 
terms of our automotive vertical performance between anchor 
customers and external customers, how they may have done 
in the second quarter, and how should we be thinking about 
the prospects between these two segments on a go-forward 
basis? 
Warren Harris: 
Thank you for the question. I think our comments in terms of 
our opening remarks relate to our organic performance. As has 
been referenced a couple of times, Q3 is seasonally soft given 
the festivals and the holidays in different parts of the world. 
We, like everybody else, are going to be impacted by that.  
Our commentary is related to seasonal issues and specifically 
one or two customer situations that we are looking to quantify 
at this point in time. As far as automotive is concerned, one of 
the things that was very pleasing in Q2 was that we were able 
to drive growth across the three industry verticals. Even 
though the aerospace and industrial heavy machinery verticals 
delivered double-digit sequential growth, we were also able to 
squeeze out growth in automotive. That is really the first time 
for a number of quarters. We really think that all goes well in 
terms of the industry and by association, the prospects for 
Tata Technologies. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Would it be possible for you to give us some sense on 
your double-digit aspiration that you had through a better part 
of this year, do you still think that is a possibility for FY26 or 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 26 
 
probably given the way we have performed and given your 
expectations for the third quarter, that expectation may not 
turn out to be true? 
Warren Harris: 
Our aspirations of double-digit growth will always be there. I 
think at this point in time, our objective and our target will be 
to ensure that the order book and the momentum that we take 
into the next fiscal year will provide a platform for double-digit 
growth in FY27. I think at this stage, I certainly do not want to 
quantify specifically what we will look to drive in terms of 
growth in this fiscal. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. The last one is on the BMW joint venture. You achieved 
the 1K headcount mark much ahead of the initial plan by 
December. Are you essentially willing to share some more 
milestones or the progress that you expect on that joint 
venture over the next couple of years? 
Warren Harris: 
What I will say is both in quantitative terms and also in 
qualitative terms, the JV continues to exceed the expectations 
of both Tata Technologies and BMW. We have exceeded the 
headcount targets through the teams that we are managing in 
the three hubs, in Pune, in Bangalore, and in Chennai. That 
momentum we expect to continue. I think the brand has really 
been established now in the Indian context. That is allowing us 
the opportunity to attract and retain some of the brightest 
automotive talent in the industry. I think what is also 
encouraging is the fact that the type of work that is being 
undertaken by the JV is of a very high level of complexity and 
sophistication. The feedback from BMW and the teams in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 26 
 
Munich specifically is that they are very, very pleased with the 
work that is being undertaken. I think that augurs well, not only 
for growth, but the type of responsibility that the JV will 
increasingly be given. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you. All the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: Hi. Good evening. Warren, you mentioned in your initial 
opening remarks that Q3 headwind is because of delays in JLR, 
IT systems still being restored, etc., Just wanted to understand 
what is the visibility we have at this stage of these challenges 
getting resolved during the quarter, and what would be the 
potential impact from JLR alone in Q3? And a related question 
is that when we say headwind in Q3, are we referring to some 
decline in sequential growth or just lower growth for Q3? 
Warren Harris: 
I think as far as JLR is concerned, let me just qualify the 
comments that I made at the beginning. We are very much 
involved with supporting the phased restoration of the IT 
infrastructure at JLR, and I am very, very proud of the work that 
our teams have undertaken to support the ability of JLR to 
bring back up their production facilities and their core 
enterprise IT systems. We are working with JLR to ensure that 
all of our teams that are strategically important to JLR are in a 
position to continue the contribution that we have now made 
for many, many years. But the comments that I made is that 
JLR themselves are still going through, as they bring up their 
systems, what their short-term priorities are. And whilst they 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 26 
 
are going through that exercise, I think it is prudent for us to 
signal that there could be, and I want to stress could be, some 
impact in the next couple of months. But the visibility on that 
is something that will only play out in the next two to three 
weeks. So, right now, I am not in a position to quantify. All that 
I will say is that we are working hand in glove with the JLR 
teams. We are doing everything that we possibly can to 
support their phased deployment of their IT systems, and we 
are going to do everything that we can to ensure that they are 
in a position to restore their operations to where it was before 
the attack. 
Abhishek Kumar: Yes, and so potentially Q3 can be a negative quarter from 
services perspective, negative growth quarter? 
Warren Harris: 
Again, at this point in time, I am not going to size what the 
impact of JLR is going to be because I simply do not know. And 
I think outside of that, we are going to continue to reinforce our 
support towards growth. And so, we are doing everything that 
we can to ensure that we build upon the momentum that we 
have established in Q2. 
Abhishek Kumar: Sure. My second question is on your acquisition, ES-TEC, looks 
like a very exciting asset, they are growing very fast. So, what 
are the kind of synergies we see? Is the buyer of their services 
versus what we would typically sell to in Volkswagen similar or 
do we have to leverage on their relationship to build more 
relationships? And also, Savitha mentioned it is margin 
accretive. Any color on their margins, because what we have 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 26 
 
seen is onsite centric, niche firms like this generally are margin 
dilutive for IT services firms? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, I think what attracted us to the organization were two 
things. One was the capability that they have at the top end of 
the automotive V-cycle. They do an awful lot of work in the 
area of systems architecture, functional and specification 
definition. And they do a lot of work in and around test and 
validation. And to your point, that is very high end and very 
niche and complex work. And they have not only been able to 
protect themselves during the recent downturn and continue 
growth, but they have also been able to reinforce their 
strategic position as far as the VW ecosystem is concerned. 
Because of that special position, they have a great deal of 
influence at the top end of the VW group. And certainly, we are 
expecting that influence and the trust and confidence that VW 
has in them to influence our ability to be able to sell the 
broader Tata Technologies portfolio to VW. And one of the 
things that we are working very hard on right now is to identify 
what lines of service we should prioritize as part of that pursuit 
of synergies. As far as margins and growth are concerned, we 
expect ES-TEC to continue the momentum that they have 
established. We are not disclosing the specific margins that 
they support. But we do not expect any impact upon the unit 
economics of that asset as a result of the transaction. 
Abhishek Kumar: Sure. Thank you and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Puneet 
Lineswala from Win Investments. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 26 
 
Puneet Lineswala: Yes. Hi, this is Puneet. I wanted to ask a few questions regarding 
the aerospace division, which we look forward to knowing what 
exactly is the core we plan to explore in the aerospace division, 
like, is it more about the passenger vehicle segment or any 
other segment where we eye to venture into? 
Warren Harris: 
Well, if you look at aerospace, there are a number of domain 
areas that we are developing capability in. We are developing 
capability in aero structures and interiors. We are developing 
capability in propulsion systems. We are developing capability 
in MRO systems. And we are also leveraging our experience 
from automotive and industrial heavy machinery to help 
aerospace customers deploy digital solutions to address one 
of the big challenges of the industry, which is manufacturing 
throughput. And so, we are investing in those areas and we are 
seeing double-digit growth across all of those domains. We 
have not only built a relationship that we are very proud of at 
Airbus, but we are growing within the Airbus supply chain. And 
we are also investing very heavily in North America, specifically 
with the propulsion system manufacturers. So, there is an area 
that has demonstrated growth whilst automotive and 
industrial aerospace has been somewhat flat. And we expect 
that to continue. We are confident because of the growth that 
is projected for aerospace. But we are also confident because 
India specifically and the Tata Group will play a very big part in 
the aerospace industry in the future. And we intend to take full 
advantage of the opportunity that that represents. 
Puneet Lineswala: Thank you very much. I will go to my next question. In the 
coming years, once the tariff and everything is settled down, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 26 
 
how do you see the aerospace affecting or making its mix in 
our revenue structure ahead? 
Warren Harris: 
I think that the OEMs will have to factor their sourcing 
decisions and their supply chain decisions against the impact 
of tariffs. But I think if you were to canvas opinion from the big 
players, Airbus and Boeing and their associated supply chains, 
I think while tariffs are important, building as many aircraft as 
the demand requires at the moment is an even greater priority. 
And so, our view, and I think this is the view of the industry, is 
that accessing capability will be more important than the 
implications of some of the recent tariff regulations that have 
been rolled out. 
Puneet Lineswala: Okay. Thank you very much. I am done. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Rohit Jain from 
Tata Capital Partners. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks. My first question is on attrition. Attrition levels 
have moved up noticeably from last quarter to this quarter and 
are at multi-quarter highs. So, what are your thoughts there? 
And the second question is on margin. You highlighted that 
there is going to be margin impact in the coming quarters 
because of wage hike. Can you help quantify that? Thank you. 
Warren Harris: 
I will have Geena, our CHRO talk about attrition. 
Geena Binoy: 
Yes. So, there has been a slight uptick in attrition from 13.8% 
that we had in Q1 to 15.1% now. But this attrition is broadly in 
line with the trends that we are seeing in the industry. A little 
bit of this is on account of the engineering area and we see 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 26 
 
some uptick in the attrition in this area. And this is mainly 
because we are losing some talent to the GCCs and the OEMs. 
So, that is the only comment I have on this. 
Rohit Jain: 
Okay. And on the margin? 
Warren Harris: 
In terms of margins, we are looking to balance the capacity that 
we believe that our growth expectations in the second half of 
this year and next year will require with the ongoing pursuit of 
ever improving and optimizing of the profitability of the 
company. And that balance is something that we will continue 
to strive to effect. 
Rohit Jain: 
Given that you have wage hike in the next quarter, can you 
quantify the impact of wage hike without looking at other 
factors? 
Warren Harris: 
All I will say is that we rolled out wage increments or salary 
increments for about 88% of our employee base. And we are, 
as we always do, applying the various operational levers that 
will allow us to mitigate the impact of those changes. And so, 
as we do every year, we will look to offset operationally the 
cost and the impact of the expenses that are related to the 
increments that we are committing ourselves to. 
Rohit Jain: 
And so, just to harp on this, given that next quarter is going to 
be a weaker quarter because of the factors that you have 
highlighted and the fact that we have wage hike also in that 
quarter, is it fair to assume that next quarter the margins could 
be lower than the actual reported margins this quarter, is that 
the right takeaway? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 26 
 
Warren Harris: 
As Vijay said at the beginning, we do not provide specific 
guidance on revenue or margins. I am not going to quantify it 
for you. All that I will say is that we rolled out salary increments. 
That will represent an incremental expense in the third quarter. 
And we will apply the traditional levers to do what we can to 
offset that. 
Rohit Jain: 
Fair enough. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Lohia for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you all for joining us on today’s call. We hope we have 
addressed most of your questions. If you have any additional 
questions, please feel free to reach out to the investor 
relations team and we will be happy to assist you. Wishing you 
all the best and goodbye from all of us here. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Tata 
Technologies, that concludes this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
