 
 
 
 
 
 
ICFL/LS/0205/2025-26 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department, 1st Floor, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 541336 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: INDOSTAR 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of analyst(s) / institutional investor(s) call held on October 31, 2025 at 12:00 p.m. 
(IST) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of analyst(s) / institutional investor(s) call held on Friday, 
October 31, 2025 at 12:00 p.m. IST, pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.indostarcapital.com.  
 
Request you to kindly take the above on record and disseminate the same on your website. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
 
 
Shikha Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(Membership No. A59686) 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
Registered Oﬃce: Silver Utopia, Third Floor, Unit No 301-A, Opposite P & G Plaza, Cardinal Gracious 
Road, 
Chakala, 
Andheri 
(E), 
Mumbai 
- 
400099, 
India. 
| 
T 
+91 
22 
4315 
7000 
| 
contact@indostarcapital.com | www.indostarcapital.com  
CIN: L65100MH2009PLC268160 
 
SHIKHA 
JAIN
Digitally signed 
by SHIKHA JAIN 
Date: 2025.11.07 
17:34:02 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
“IndoStar Capital Finance Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
October 31, 2025 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RANDHIR SINGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN, INDOSTAR CAPITAL 
FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. JAYESH JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. AYUSHI GUPTA – MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to IndoStar Capital Finance Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ayushi Gupta from MUFG. Over to you, ma'am. 
Ayushi Gupta: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you all to Q2 and H1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call for IndoStar Capital Finance Limited. 
To discuss this quarter's performance, we have from the Management, Mr. Randhir Singh - 
Managing Director and Executive Vice Chairman and Mr. Jayesh Jain - Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more details, 
kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the company's 
website. 
Without further ado, I would like to hand the call over to the management for their opening 
remarks and then we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Randhir Singh: 
Thanks, Ayushi. Good afternoon, everyone. 
I am Randhir Singh – Managing Director and Executive Vice Chairman of IndoStar Capital 
Finance Limited. 
On behalf of the entire IndoStar team, I extend a very warm welcome and thank you all for 
joining us on our Earnings Conference Call for Q2 and H1 FY '26. I trust you have had a chance 
to review our detailed Financial Results and Investor Representation, both of which are available 
on our website and filed with the Stock Exchanges. 
I will begin with a strategic overview of our business and operational performance for the 
quarter, following which Mr. Jayesh Jain, our Chief Financial Officer, will take you through the 
financial performance in detail. 
As you know, IndoStar has undergone a significant transformation from being a predominantly 
corporate and large-ticket lender to a retail NBFC. We have successfully sold our wholly-owned 
subsidiary, Niwas Housing Finance Private Limited, a strategic shift allowing the management 
team to focus on the vehicle finance and build Micro LAP business, two of our core growth 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
engines. IndoStar today stands as a stronger and more agile retail franchise with a clear focus on 
sustainable and quality growth. We continue to scale the vehicle finance business, supported by 
improving collections, deepened customer relationships, and robust domain expertise. And the 
Micro LAP business, launched in FY '25, continues to gain traction. 
In terms of overarching macro trends, India's real GDP grew at 7.8% in Q1 FY '26, driven by 
the government's spending on infra rural wage growth and services. The Reserve Bank of India 
has revised its GDP growth forecast for FY '26 to 6.8%, while CRISIL maintains its estimated 
6.5%, reflecting sustained momentum in private consumption and investment activity. Inflation 
figures for September 2025 came in at 1.54%, the lowest since June 2017, which is reflected in 
the RBI's CPI inflation forecast, easing to 2.6% for FY '26 from 3.1% previously, driven by 
GST, rate rationalization and easing commodity prices. The Central Bank's monetary policy 
remains supportive of growth, with the RBI having delivered 3 rate cuts of cumulatively totaling 
to 100 bps during calendar year, bringing the repo rate to 5.5%. These measures are gradually 
translating into lower borrowing costs across the system. 
Credit growth remains robust, particularly in retail and MSME lending, which continue to 
expand at a double-digit rate. According to ICRA, the NBFC sector is expected to record 15%-
17% year-on-year loan book growth in FY '26, led by strong traction in vehicle finance, MSME, 
and micro-lending segments. IndoStar remains well-positioned to leverage the improving credit 
cycle, with a clear focus on retail-led growth. 
Moving to the commercial vehicle industry, ICRA expects overall CV volumes to grow by 3-
5% in FY '26, driven mainly by the light and medium commercial vehicle segments, while 
demand for heavy trucks remains moderate. The outlook remains positive, supported by 
continued infrastructure projects, e-commerce expansion and logistics growth. In the used 
vehicle market, demand continues to rise, supported by growing logistics and construction 
activity, and a shift towards cost-efficient fleet ownership. The implementation of stricter BS6 
emission norms has increased the cost of new vehicles, further boosting demand for new CVs. 
Disbursements in vehicle finance business grew 8% this quarter, compared to the last. Several 
steps taken recently, like adding a prime business, widening of customer funnels, aligning DSA 
payouts with market standards, offering flexible pricing by segments, upgrading our 48 micro-
branches, and hiring more field sales staff, are helping build momentum. These efforts should 
continue to support growth in coming quarters. Typically, disbursements in H2 for the company 
have been about 1.4-1.5x of H1. 
Over a period of time, we have also achieved significant diversification in our vehicle finance 
business, away from medium and heavy commercial vehicles, and have built significant volumes 
in passenger vehicles, construction equipment, farm equipment, and small commercial vehicles. 
Our eminence CV disbursements are now just about one-third of the total disbursements. On the 
Micro LAP front, NBFCs remain key players, and this segment has emerged as a high-growth 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
area. According to CARE Edge Rating, the Micro LAP loan book is expected to grow by over 
25% in FY '26, driven by self-employed borrowers and small businesses seeking secured 
affordable funding. 
Micro LAP continues to be a key growth driver for IndoStar, fully aligned with our retail 
strategy. To strengthen this momentum, we have onboarded Mr. Amit Khan as Chief Operating 
Officer for the Micro LAP business. With over 25 years of experience, primarily in secured 
market products, Amit has successfully built a mortgage business from the grounds up to nearly 
Rs. 10,000 crores in his previous organization. After a successful launch in Tamil Nadu, we are 
now expanding to Andhra Pradesh. To support this, we have hired senior professionals with deep 
experience in micro-markets across the state. We have sanctioned our first loan in Andhra 
Pradesh this week. We are on track to start Micro LAP business in 3-4 states using our existing 
vehicle finance branch network this year. 
Disbursement of scaling up through a structured roll-out across Tier-3 to 5 towns with loan 
tenors of up to 7 years and average ticket sizes of Rs. 3- 6 lakhs, much smaller than the legacy 
SME loans that averaged over Rs. 50 lakhs. At the same time, our funding profile continues to 
strengthen. The company's weighted average cost of borrowing declined from 10.8% in Q2 FY 
'25 to 10.2% in Q2 FY '26, marking a reduction of 60 basis points over the past year. This 
declining trend should continue as our incremental borrowing cost is now around 9%-9.25%, 
supported by improving credit profile, strong lender confidence, and access to more competitive 
borrowing sources. 
We had previously highlighted during our Q4 earnings call about proactive credit policy 
adjustments, undertaken in response to collection softness that we had absorbed within our own 
portfolio and across our peer groups. Loans originated under the revised policy framework are 
showing significantly lower delinquency rates. 30-plus BPDs are tracking at nearly half the 
levels seen for the corresponding period in the last year. In future too, we will continue to 
strengthen our credit policy by proactively adjusting our framework in response to software 
collection trends. This strategic move is designed to enhance our portfolio's performance and 
reduce credit costs moving forward. 
In Q2 FY '26, our total loan portfolio stood at Rs. 7,564 crores and disbursements for the quarters 
were Rs. 927 crores compared to Rs. 858 crores in Q1 FY '26. The sequential growth reflects 
improving business momentum and demand across our focus segments. Overall, our portfolio 
continues to grow, supported by several operational improvements. We have scaled up customer 
self-service through the Indo Mitra app and other digital tools, including customer eNACH, at a 
rate of 27% for vehicle finance and 95% for Micro LAP business for the month of September. 
Technology-driven collections have helped minimize cash handling and an optimized collection 
infrastructure with a one-plus flow process has improved recovery speed. 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
With that, I hand over the call to Jayesh Jain, who will provide a comprehensive overview of 
our financial performance. 
Jayesh Jain: 
Thank you, Randhir. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As shared by 
Randhir earlier on the call, we shall be discussing the standalone numbers. 
Let me begin by sharing an overview of our Q2 FY '26 numbers. Our retail disbursement for the 
quarter amounted to Rs. 927 crores compared to Rs. 858 crores in the previous quarter and Rs. 
1,452 crores in the same period last year. We expect disbursements to pick up sequentially in 
the coming quarters as we continue to deepen our presence and tap into growing demand across 
our focus segments. In Q2 FY '26, we achieved an average disbursement yield of 17.8%driven 
by our strategic focus on Tier-3 and Tier-4 towns and a growing share of secured lower-ticket 
vehicle loans. Our asset under management stood at Rs. 7,564 crores compared to Rs. 7,783 
crores in the previous quarter. While this represents a marginal dip, our on-book portfolio stands 
at Rs. 7,022 crores and our off-book portfolio stands at Rs. 542 crores. We remain firmly focused 
on scaling our co-retail businesses with discipline, prudent risk management, and strategic intent. 
For the quarter, our net interest income stood at approximately Rs. 190 crores, marking a 15.7% 
year-on-year increase from Rs. 164 crores in Q2 FY '25. This was supported by an improvement 
in our net interest income margin, which rose from 5.6% to 7.6%. The yield on loans improved 
to 17.1% and 16.1% as compared to the same period last year. The operating expenses for the 
quarter were Rs. 121 crores as compared to Rs. 129 crores in Q2 FY '25. During the quarter, we 
took a proactive step to strengthen the quality of our own book assets by undertaking the sale-
of-the-best portion of our commercial vehicle loan book. The transaction involved dues 
amounting to Rs. 309.6 crores sold for a purchase consideration of Rs. 220.3 crores. 
The ARC transaction was a strategic step aligned with our newly adopted policy to write off 
loans over 210 days past due, with our aim to maintain a high-quality book and keeping headline 
GNPA firmly under control. With policy tightening initiatives taken from the beginning of this 
calendar year, the forward close on 210 DPD is expected to slow down in the next few quarters. 
Our collection efficiency remains healthy at around 92% supported by adoption of data-driven 
recovery tools. As a result of above and our continued focus on portfolio quality and disciplined 
trade practices, our gross Stage-III assets have improved to 3.04% while Net Stage-III assets 
stand at 1.13%. 
We closed the quarter with a net profit of Rs. 10.4 crores compared to Rs. 18 crores in the same 
quarter last year. Our capital adequacy remains strong at 37.3%, which gives us more than 
enough headroom to fund growth while staying financially solid. Our debt-to-equity ratio is 1.4x, 
so we have plenty of room to expand further. Our cost of funds continue to come down this 
quarter to 10.2% from 10.8% over the past one year. Our incremental borrowing cost is now in 
the range of 9%-9.25%. As we look ahead, our focus will remain on improving our cost of funds 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
and maintaining a balance between growth, profitability and asset quality. With the 
macroeconomic environment continuing to look positive, we plan to lean into the momentum 
growing our book responsibly under tighter credit norms. At the same time, the fall in our 
funding costs is opening up opportunities for us to serve the prime customer segment, helping 
us expand our reach and diversify our portfolio. We believe these steps position us well for 
steady, profitable growth in coming quarters and beyond. 
With this, I now hand over the call to the moderator to begin the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Rhea Jain from SDA Finance. Please go ahead. 
Rhea Jain: 
Hi, good afternoon team and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have a few questions from my 
end. Currently, the disbursement mix is heavily concentrated in the vehicle finance at around 
97%, while micro loan against property contributes just 3%. Also, moreover, the Micro LAP 
disbursements have remained almost flat over recent quarters at around Rs. 27 crores. So what 
is the company's plan to scale up the Micro LAP segment going forward? Are there any specific 
strategies or regions being targeted to drive growth in this portfolio? 
Randhir Singh: 
Rhea, I will take that. First, I think on the concentration point, Micro LAP is obviously a recent 
business and that is why you are obviously seeing the heavily concentrated towards vehicle 
finance business. However, like I mentioned in my initial comments, within our vehicle finance 
business, we now have significant diversification, not just across products, but also across 
geographies and you will find those details actually in our presentation. We have now built, 
within vehicle finance, significant scale in passenger vehicles, in construction equipment, in 
farm equipment versus small commercial vehicles, pickup, etc. And that business is very well 
diversified now across various zones. So we are present obviously in all the zones. We are 
present in 23 states. You will find more details of this in our slide number 16. You will find how 
diversified we have come to be over a period of time, not just geographically but in our 
production. 
Coming to Micro LAP, like we said that we have launched recently, you will see this business 
grow. Typically, even in Micro LAP business, like in this vehicle finance business, second half, 
you would see a significant momentum compared to what you have seen in the first half. So 
typically after March, there has been typically a drop in the disbursement, but it will pick up the 
pace. Like I mentioned, we are obviously taking all the right steps from being present only in 
one state in Tamil Nadu. We are building the business in AP and Telangana and we should offer, 
some people have already joined. In fact, we should be able to disburse our first loan either today 
or tomorrow in AP. So with that, we will have TN, AP plus Telangana coming on board in the 
next 3-6 months. And we would also guide that we will try to be in at least 3 or 4 states in this 
financial year. And I think we are absolutely on track. Like we also discussed, all of this is using 

IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
Page 7 of 15 
Rhea Jain: 
Randhir Singh: 
Rhea Jain: 
Randhir Singh: 
Rhea Jain: 
Randhir Singh: 
our existing vehicle finance, branch network and obviously without any incremental cost on 
infra. Hi Rhea it just answered your question. 
Yes Sir, it does answer my question. I just had a small follow-up question on what you said 
right now. So sir, how do you view the growth potential of the used vehicle financing segment 
going forward? 
So I think the segment is a growing segment. We ourselves have grown by 8% over last quarter. 
And in general, second half is anyway better for this one. So we should continue to see growth 
in this segment. We had also guided that we proactively in January, given seeing the softness all 
around, not just in our portfolio, we did take the step of tightening our policies. And it was a 
conscious decision to tighten the policy, which obviously led to some drop in disbursement. But 
I do see that now the momentum is reversing. We have grown by about 8%-9% this quarter. And 
I think this momentum should continue. 
Got it, sir. Any key trends you are observing in terms of demand, customer profile and 
competition here? 
So I think it remains the same. There is no real change. If you see, it has been a very stable peer 
set except potentially one more NBFC, which has entered the space. There is no really, I cannot 
say that there has been any increase in competitive intensity in the segment. I think we obviously 
look at ourselves as someone who is getting the advantage of funding cost. And we can obviously 
widen our customer funnel, but significantly, there are a lot of segments that earlier we could 
not target, but with our own cost of funds down significantly, we are able to do more new 
vehicles, more time customers. So I think, in general, the macro environment is supportive for 
us and our own, obviously, cost of funds, and our strong distribution of strength, which can help 
us to increase the amount significantly, actually. So we are just probably being cautious, trying 
to adjust the risk and reward. And that is how we are building our business on strong foundation. 
But from macro demand wise, there is absolutely no issue. 
Got it, sir. One last question from my end. Where do you see IndoStar positioning within this 
market, both in terms of scale and differentiation? 
Sure. So I think we essentially, our focus continues to be, we want to be one of the top performing 
retail NBFCs with very strong governance framework, professional board, professional 
management. And essentially, we want to become a multi-product company because we have 
very strong distribution of strength. So our trajectory is very clear, very strong capital base, very 
strong investor profile, including a majority investor, easy access to capital, senior experience 
team. And we are in both segments and both of the segments that we are targeting are growing 
segments with a large addressable market. So we feel quite good about where we are and about 
our future prospects. 

IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
Page 8 of 15 
Rhea Jain:  
Moderator: 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Randhir Singh: 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Randhir Singh: 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Randhir Singh: 
 Got it sir, thank you for answering all my question that will really help me 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from Phillip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Hi, sorry. So I just had this question on vehicle finance. With the rate cuts, my sense is that there 
should be some bit of uptick, but if you can please call it out, with all segments, we will see 
sustained growth. Also, we have been talking about. 
Shubhranshu, you were not very clear. Can you just repeat your question? Shubhranshu, can I 
request you to repeat your question? We couldn't hear you very well?  
Right. So with the GST rate cuts, what kind of volume uptick are we going to see in vehicle 
finance? And the delinquencies in small commercial vehicles and light commercial vehicles, 
how long will that continue? 
So I think, see, the GST rate cut obviously is recent. It is still playing out. But essentially, for an 
entity like us, with our AUM and scale, we really do not see any sort of meaningful, this thing 
because we obviously have enough target market to recover. So this is not something that 
obviously, this is something that will play out over the longer run, not really on a quarter-by-
quarter basis. On your other question, I think, like I mentioned to Riya earlier, we do see 
significant growth opportunity available, right, in the market. And essentially, what we want to 
do is, obviously balance growth with risk management, right. So that is really the philosophy 
that we have. With our 450 branch network and a fleet on the street with 4,000 plus people, about 
1,200-1,500 people in the field, we do have a significant distribution strength to cater to this 
growing demand. So we have all the building blocks, strong capital base, reducing cost of funds, 
low leverage, steep distribution. So we feel good in catering to this growing demand. And we 
will obviously calibrate our response to developing market situation. 
Right. And just one last question. With the GST rate cut, there would be price deflator in the 
new vehicles, right. So what is that blended price deflator? 
So we are not really sort of presenting new vehicles that much like we discussed. We have been 
predominantly, right, if you see our disbursement trends. Though you would see that growing 
over a period of time, in the past, it has been 2%-3%. It may increase over a period of time 
because obviously new vehicle financing is at obviously a much lower rate. But essentially, what 
will happen in the industry, and which is what we will do and many of our peers are doing, that 
essentially what you do is the impact on the valuation of the used vehicle. Because the price of 
the new vehicle itself drops, the price of used vehicles should also drop and that requires 
adjustment to valuation grid, which is what everybody is working out. It is yet to play out 
because the change has been very recent. So we will have to see what is the financing amount, 
for example, if something was costing, let us say, 5 lakhs before the GST cut in the UCV, it 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
should cost now lower technically, right. But we have not seen that transmission fully with the 
prices. But as it happens, we will obviously adjust our grid values. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
And is the OEM likely to increase its pricing after December 31st? 
Randhir Singh: 
Sorry, volumes increase after December because of GST? 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
No. GST rate cut and the discounts should be done by December 31st. Post that, do we expect 
OEMs to increase pricing? 
Randhir Singh: 
I think these are the questions that you should really honestly ask the OEMs. That is not for us. 
And I am sure like we are keeping a very close track on our peers and what is happening in the 
new vehicle. We will not be able to guess on what is the pricing action OEMs should take. 
Obviously, it does seem very obvious that price should come down for the GST rate cut. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Understood. Thank you so much. Best of luck for ensuing quarters. 
Randhir Singh: 
Thanks, Shubhranshu. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Bhalotia from MK Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking this question. The question is a slight repetition of the last 2 questions, 
primarily focusing on the growth front. So a few pointers that your branch count has come down 
Q-o-Q, your employee base count has also come down Q-o-Q. And when you were talking about 
in your opening commentary, you mentioned that the second half growth typically is 1.4-1.5x of 
the first half growth. And if I look at the disbursement numbers for the first half, it implies a 
disbursement of around Rs. 2,500 crores in the second half. So how do you see that overall 
growth situation for FY '26 as a whole? And also, this would be the first quarter probably when 
we have de-grown in the core vehicle finance book as well, adjusting for the ARC that obviously 
the transaction is there. But at one hand, we talk about the huge opportunity which is there in 
this segment. And given the size at which we are and also with the new capital coming in, how 
do you see that growth scenario playing out for the second half and then maybe in the next 2 
years, if you can throw some color on that, that will be helpful? 
Randhir Singh: 
Sure, Sumit. So I think what you would see is, essentially ballpark, our branch number has sort 
of really been almost constant with the small changes in there, which is really part of our 
consolidation exercise. Sometimes we merge few branches if we are unable to really get 
productivity and if we feel that we can just manage it from one rather than two. So that really 
has been the case. You would see, right, like we typically sometimes close, but we also open a 
few small branches. So as we speak, we are also opening some branches in Tamil Nadu and 
Kerala. And I think you may again see us going back to 450. But I think what is also fair is that 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
we will not have a significant increase in the branch network for some more time because we 
obviously have opened significant number of branches in the last 2 years or so. And we 
obviously want to stabilize, fully spread out our infrastructure, improve the productivity, utilize 
these branches fully before we open new branches. So to answer your question on the branches, 
I think the number is ballpark has remained 440-450, plus minus few branches here and there. 
That is what will be consolidation and new branches we will continue, but broadly the numbers 
remain at 450 for 2 quarters. 
There has been some drop in the number of people. And I did cover in my opening speech, we 
do plan to make it up. We have a significant pipeline of sales people joining. And you should 
see us actually exceeding our numbers in last 2 quarters. So you would see that significant 
amount of hiring in progress because we obviously want to build on the growth momentum as 
we have sold our HFC and got significant capital. So you will see both branch numbers 
stabilizing around 450. The Human Capital will go back to the numbers that you saw earlier. 
And again, at the peak, we are at about 4,300. So you will see both of these getting normalized. 
And we want to do that for a simple reason that we obviously want to pursue growth. 
Another step that we have taken was even within  these branches, Sumit, one significant step we 
took was, we had a few micro branches, about 48 micro branches, wherein micro branches 
operated on a very simple concept where essentially we had kept one salesperson who was the 
leading and then subsequently we were converting these to full-fledged branches. We have 
chosen to convert all these 48 micro branches to full-fledged branches. And that itself will lead 
to about 100 plus, I suppose. So a lot of this is in the pipeline, but you will see in the next 2 
quarters, you will see all of this reverting to the mean that we had. So very clearly, the intent is 
to grow. But I think where we have been very focused, given general softness in the NBFC 
industry, especially on the commercial vehicle segment, and we have obviously very close 
studies of many of our players, including banks, and you will see in the commentary from some 
of the banks, as well as many of our NBFCs in the last quarter and some more that will come 
this quarter. 
We surely want to calibrate our growth and not get ahead of ourselves, because we also want to 
make sure that our portfolio quality remains pristine, and so that we shouldn't have any 
challenges going forward. Like I mentioned, I think we have absolutely all the ingredients for 
ramping up. And some of this has been fairly conscious decision, but with 450 branches, in 23 
states, absolutely we can grow our business and we would. Few things which are work in 
progress is basically as we have added more prime customers, better credit quality customers, 
we had obviously, we had to reorient some of our sales team, as well as some of our DSA 
channels, because the prime customers cooperate at 13%-15% are very different than 18% 
DSAs, right? So a lot of that onboarding, new channel engagement is going on, typically takes 
some time, it is not immediate, because you need to obviously build that relationship. So a lot 

IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
Page 11 of 15 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Randhir Singh: 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Randhir Singh: 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
of this is obviously a process. But you would see us on that path very soon, the numbers will 
start showing up in the subsequent quarters. 
Sir, on disbursement, if you can throw some color and also, this degrowth in AUM that we have 
seen in the last 2 quarters, from the next quarter onwards, as you are saying that it is improving. 
Should we return to growth phase from next quarter onwards? 
Yes, I think, like you said, except for ARC, we should have grown because it was 8% growth. 
So I think, your analysis absolutely sort on, it was basically that is what led to degrowth. But 
otherwise, of course, our disbursements have grown by 8%. Another thing that we have done so 
much, and this is again, in part, obviously, our strategy is to obviously keep your headline GNPA 
numbers to a very accessible level. We have also been maybe a little more conservative, we 
have started a new site of policy, where after 210 days we are doing a technical write-off. So 
some of that obviously happened last quarter and this quarter. And that is why, because of 
change in policy, you have seen that degrowth, but there will be normalization of that in the 
subsequent quarters, and that effect will go away. 
Sure. So there is a significant improvement in asset quality, because of all the effort and the 
focus that the current management has. But now we are back to say 1%-1.1% net NPA. Are we 
within the comfort zone now? Or do you want to, what is the first comfort level of GNPAs for 
you as a philosophy for this, particularly vehicle finance business? 
Yes. So Sumit, very clearly, what we guided in Q4 was that we have taken a significant policy 
response because we obviously, our intent is to have a good portfolio quality. So that has been 
really the intent. And that is basically a tossup between growth and portfolio quality, we 
obviously want to balance it. In general, you would see, and like we also guided that, since the 
tightening, our delinquencies are half, which you would note that is a significant improvement. 
And it is really on a fairly large amount of data in the first half, we disburse about give and take 
about 40,000 loans. So compared to the previous quarter, a significant amount of data. So we 
feel very good about our portfolio quality on what we are getting after January. So I think purely 
on that book, obviously, we are tracking closely and things are also looking very good. And then 
I think that is where we are headed, which means much lower GNPA. I think some of the 
headline GNPA is also a function of what is the technical write-off policy some people may have 
and that obviously plays a role. But in general, what we really want to target is the headline 
GNPA which is about 3%. That is where we want to be. And it has significant positive value 
during our discussion like from lender. It does give a very positive signal and which is also 
reflected in our cost of funds. 
Sure. So last question on cost of funds, it has come down already, but with the significant amount 
of inflow, because of the transition that we have seen, and now we have the cash in hand. Can 
you throw some color on the high cost NCDs that we had done, whether they are completely out 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
or there will be a meaningful improvement from that getting replaced with the incremental low 
cost borrowing? How would that get reflected in the P&L? 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes, I think I got your question, Sumit. Did I interrupt you while you are asking? 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Yes, so basically, there should be a significant improvement in the cost of funds going forward 
because of the replacement of high cost debt, whether it has already started getting reflected 
from this quarter, or it is still due if you can throw some color on that? 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes, so I think it is running off, it is running off quite fast. So that is why you were seeing a 
reduction in the overall stock of the old borrowing. Some of the very high cost borrowing has 
already been paid off. The remaining there is some bit which is getting paid off in the next 
quarter. But in general, essentially, if you look at our slide number 25, what you would see there, 
that our incremental is about 9.2. And our on the book cost is about 10.2. Eventually, they should 
converge. And I think they should converge sort of quickly in the next few quarters, like I said, 
one of the highest cost NCDs entirely running off next quarter. 
Sumit Bhalotia: 
Thank you, sir. Very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Faizaan Joad from Singularity AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Faizaan Joad: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to get some sense on sequential 
disbursement growth. Because if I recall correctly, mid-August, the management said you were 
expecting some disbursement growth from 15% on a sequential basis. We ended Q2 on roughly 
half of that. So what changed here? 
Randhir Singh: 
So I think, obviously, some of it was general softness that we saw, right. There has been a general 
softness in the disbursement, some bit of demand and some bit, obviously, because we had 
tightened our policies and also put a lot of restrictions in few micro markets, which we are hoping 
that would go away. A lot of that has been now with restriction of the micro markets we have 
now removed actually, just about a month back. So there has been delay in removing some of 
the restrictions because you want to see the data. The data was actually quite interesting. And 
that is why we have removed restrictions in about 110 micro markets that we put in. So that 
relaxation in restrictions, we just delayed it a bit consciously and that is really the difference 
between 10%-15% that we guided versus 8%. 
Faizaan Joad: 
Understood. And given the H1 performance, do we continue to stick to our AUM guidance of 
12%-15% for FY '26 and 15%-17% for FY '27? 
Jayesh Jain: 
Hi. So as you have already seen the H1 number, and we are kind of behind our guidance, while 
the effort would be there to kind of maintain the guidelines and deliver the performance as per 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
our guidance. But as mentioned, generally our trend is 40-60. So let us see, I think things are 
evolving. Randhir did mention in his opening remark, as well as during Q&A, a few of the 
initiatives which we are taking in terms of winding the funnel, conversion of few branches to 
large branches, hiring plan, we kind of want to do that. But the core, as we mentioned, quality 
and the customer segment, which we want to target would be something which we would 
primarily focus on. And within that framework, we would want to grow. 
Faizaan Joad: 
Sure. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Gajaria from Omkara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand that we are looking at 95% or 94% collection efficiency. But at 
peak, I think we used to be doing 97% until the last 2 quarters. So what has faltered the 2% 
there? And when are we expecting that to come back up? 
Randhir Singh: 
Sure. So I think you are referring to our presentation slide or I think more on 28. So typically, 
you would see, I think, what I would really request you to compare ourselves with last quarter, 
you compare this with the Q2 FY '25, which was 92%. And versus that, we are up to 94. So there 
has been improvement there. Like I said, that you will actually see this, you will see this 
improving, because our policy tightening, right, the new book creation has led to significant 
improvement on the collection. So the trend is obviously, but you have to just compare it with 
the right period, which is really one year back, because there are obviously seasonalities involved 
in both the demand and the realization. And typically, March is really the best period and the 
last quarter typically is, so what you need to see is, you will see this 97% versus what happens 
in 2 quarters from now. So that really is, but essentially, the trend from a one-year basis is 
obviously from 92, we move to 94. And you should see this number improving on a quarter-by-
quarter basis, as our new book is increasing in percentage and the old book is cutting off. 
Varun Gajaria: 
And with reference to Micro LAPs, since we are targeting now Andhra Pradesh and Telangana 
markets. So how do you see the ramp up going there and how will we go about adding branches 
there? 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes. So essentially, we are like we discussed, we were openly only using our existing vehicle 
finance network. So we have about 45 existing branches. So we will be launching this business 
in those branches only, there will be no new branch expansion, because it helps in reducing the 
cost, helps in amortizing the branch infrastructure costs over a larger area. So that is the strategy 
we would follow. I think we already had very experienced professionals as a state head. We have 
done the recruiting for 2 areas, which is about 12 branches and that is how we started. So we 
will keep gradually from 12 to about 45. I think that should happen over the next 3 quarters will 
be fully live in AP in all 45 branches. But we want to give ourselves time, build it cautiously, 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
because we obviously there is nothing which really stops us from launching in 45 branches, but 
we are more comfortable building it gradually, lending along the way and making sure that while 
we invest, we obviously maintain the productivity and portfolio quality. So far, I think we have 
done quite well on that front, calibrated growth in Micro LAP, we have about 1800 customers, 
and only 3 delinquent customers. So that is really the approach that we are taking to build Micro 
LAPs. With confidence, of course, because we have the network, so it is a great opportunity for 
us. We can essentially launch Micro LAP in 450 branches, but we are doing in a calibrated way, 
maintaining portfolio quality and maintaining the risk reward and investment versus profit. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Just follow up question on that and if I can squeeze in one, Micro LAP currently is relatively 
small. So with the kind of network that we have, what kind of risks are we looking at, probably 
in the next 2 years? 
Randhir Singh: 
So that is something that obviously, we will decide on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We want to 
make sure that when we grow, obviously we grow making sure that profitability and portfolio 
quality remains supreme. But in general, our guidance is that eventually as a company, we would 
be launching Micro LAP in majority of our 450 branches, right, over a period of time. And I 
think we would look to build a significant AUM, about 20%-30% of our total AUM should come 
from LAP business and which is no different from what many of our peers have. They have built 
this over a period of time. We made the start just about a year back and that is the journey that 
we will also pursue. But like I said, we will not do this in great hurry because we obviously want 
to make sure that if there is any course correction required, we can do that. But it is a big picture 
guidance from our side. And that is our intent that we will eventually have Micro LAP business 
in majority of our 450 branches. So we are truly multi-product. And that is our intent we have. 
And that we are obviously making significant investments in the business hiring senior team. 
We talked about Amit Khan, who has about 25 years plus experience in mortgage business and 
is leading that business buildup. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, this was the last question for today's 
conference call. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ayushi Gupta from MUFG for closing 
comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Ayushi Gupta: 
I would like to thank the management for taking time out for this conference call today. I would 
also like to thank all the participants for joining the call. If there is any further queries, feel free 
to contact us. We are MUFG Intime India Private Limited, Investor Relation Advisors to 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited. Thank you so much. 
Randhir Singh: 
Thank you. 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IndoStar Capital Finance Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
