 
 
Ksolves India Limited (Formerly known as Ksolves India Private Limited) 
Registered. Office.: 317/276-Second floor, Lane No.3, Mehrauli Road, Saidulajab, Saket, New Delhi-110030,  
Corporate Office: C-28,29, Second floor, C-Block, Smartworks, Tower -D, Logix Cyber Park, Sector 62, Noida, UP - 201301 
Telephone No: 0120-4983851 Email Id: cs@ksolves.com Website: www.ksolves.com   
CIN: L72900DL2014PLC269020 
 
 
Date: October 24, 2025 
 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Listing Compliance 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Subject: Transcripts of Post Earnings Conference Call- Q2 & H1 FY’26. 
 
Ref: Reg. 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543599; NSE Symbol; KSOLVES; ISIN: INE0D6I01023 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
attached herewith the transcripts of Post Earnings Conference Call- Q2 & H1 FY26. 
 
 
        
For Ksolves India Limited 
 
 
Manisha Kide 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANISHA 
KIDE
Digitally signed by 
MANISHA KIDE 
Date: 2025.10.24 18:34:34 
+05'30'

 
 
 
Ksolves India Ltd. 
 
Q2 & H1FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
 
 
Management Team 
 
Mr. Ratan Srivastava - Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Umang Soni - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Manish Gurnani - Chief Technical Officer 
Mr. Darpan Audichya, Head - Business Transformation & Consulting 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q2 & H1 FY26 Post-Earnings 
Conference Call of Ksolves India Limited.  
 
Today, on the call, from the management we have with us, Mr. Ratan 
Srivastava, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Manish Gurnani, 
Chief Technology Officer; Mr. Umang Soni, Chief Financial Officer; 
and CA Darpan Audichya, Head Business Transformation and 
Consulting.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to detail us about the business and 
performance highlights for the period ended September 2025, post 
which we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
Umang Soni: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone and welcome to the Ksolves Q2 
and H1 FY26 earnings call. Let me walk you through our financial 
performance for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. 
 
Okay, so at a high level Q2 has been a strong quarter for us. Revenue 
from operations for the quarter grew 5.3% sequentially to Rs. 39.67 
crores, which is our highest ever quarterly revenue and it grew 13.9% 
on a year-on-year basis. Our operating profit margin for the quarter was 
30.4% with a PAT margin of 21.2% reflecting our strong operational 
execution. This performance was supported by high utilisation, 
improved billing rates and prudent cost management including lower 
event marketing-related expenses as compared to Q1. All this being 
achieved while maintaining the same headcount which demonstrates 
our scalable operations. 
 
EPS for Q2 FY26 rose to Rs. 3.55 per share as compared to Rs. 2.71 
per share in Q1 FY26 which highlights our sustained earnings 
momentum. Strong cash generation continues to be a key highlight I 
would like to focus your attention on. The cash generation remains 
strong as our balance sheet remains healthy and continues to strengthen 
with the cash and cash equivalents of Rs. 17.65 crores and Ksolves 
continues to remain net debt free. Further, we remain committed to 
returning most of our free cash flow to shareholders. The Board has 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
declared the second interim dividend of Rs. 5 per share. That brings our 
total dividend for FY26 at Rs. 6 per share.  
 
We are also happy to share that Ksolves India Limited has been 
honoured with Odoo Best Partner India 2025. The company received 
this prestigious award at Odoo Awards ceremony during the flagship 
event Odoo Experience 2025 in Brussels, Belgium, honouring its 
excellence in ERP implementation and outstanding client service.  
 
Next slide. So, this reflects our continued sequential growth in both 
revenue and profitability.  
 
Next slide. On the client front, we continue to deepen relationships and 
expand portfolio size through cross-selling and made meaningful 
additions to our client portfolio during the quarter. Our top 10 clients 
contributed 57% of our revenue in H1 FY26, and around 78% of our 
revenue comes from overseas customers. We also maintained a diverse 
industry mix in our revenue streams, with telecom remains our largest 
segment, we continue to serve broad spectrum of industries including 
telecom, services, technology, BFSI, Edutech, retail, healthcare and 
manufacturing. 
 
Next slide. Okay, so for the first time, we are reporting the performance 
of IT services and IT products separately. This initiative is a part of our 
strategic focus to provide greater transparency to understand the distinct 
economics growth drivers and underlying factors affecting the margin 
performance in each vertical. So, by representing the segments 
individually, we aim to provide a clearer view of how our investment 
in products and the execution in services contribute to overall business 
performance. 
 
Our Services segment primarily includes IT consulting, project delivery 
and client implementation where revenue is linked to utilization and 
project execution. The Product segment on the other hand encompasses 
on software development products and recurring product-related 
revenues in Odoo, Big Data, Salesforce and AI with higher upfront 
investment but scalable growth potential.  
 
As you can see in Q2, IT services delivered a revenue of Rs. 38.64 
crores with a contribution margin of 37% reflecting a stable execution 
and a strong operational discipline. The IT Product segment recorded 
revenue of Rs. 1.03 crores. While still early in its growth phase, this 
segment is strategically important for scaling our product portfolio. For 
H1 FY26, the pattern is similar. The lower contribution from the 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Product segment has impacted our overall margins. Again, we are 
reporting this segment separately because they have distinct cost 
structures and growth drivers.  
 
In summary, services deliver predictable recurring revenue per project 
while Products involve upfront development and marketing investment 
but provide long-term scalability. So going forward, we will continue 
to invest selectively in product segment to capture scalable 
opportunities while maintaining operational discipline in services.  
 
With this, we look forward to sustaining the momentum, while 
continuing to build an innovation-driven enterprise and remain 
confident in Ksolves' long-term growth trajectory supported by our 
scalable business model.  
 
So, thank you all for joining and now I will hand over to Mr. Darpan. 
 
Darpan Audichya: 
Am I audible? 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yes. 
 
Darpan Audichya: 
Okay. Thank you, Umang. I'll take this opportunity to share a very good 
news with all of you. Like what Umang mentioned, we were actually 
recognized and awarded the Best ERP Implementation Partner, Odoo, 
in India for 2025. That's a good achievement for Ksolves. With each 
quarter, we are actually building up, we are growing up and we are 
showcasing our potential, not at the India level but at the world level 
this time. 
 
Our Odoo Head Mr. Om and our CEO and Founder Mr. Ratan was there 
to witness this specific event, and we want to share this specific thought 
with all of you. This is not the only team's effort. Your own support is 
also very helpful in motivating us for all these initiatives and 
recognitions. So, thanks to you. I'll move ahead with this thought.  
 
Why this specific event is very crucial and strategic for Ksolves? This 
is the first time where we extended our marketing thought and we 
initiated one more step ahead to create billboards and to display Ksolves 
on the billboards at that event where Odoo was actually -- this Odoo 
experience was actually happening. This is actually very much 
connected with our long-term marketing initiatives and strategy where 
we are now focusing on how we can enhance the visibility of what we 
are doing. So that is actually another step around the strategic initiatives 
we are taking. 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
I'm moving to the next step. I wanted to showcase and share one 
thought. Ksolves as a whole organization, as an organization is growing 
ahead. You all know how we are growing, the numbers, the facts all are 
shared. But within Ksolves also relevant business units are growing. 
Odoo itself is an example of it. In FY22-'23, we were having Rs. 10 
crore revenue from this specific stream which is growing on 100x rate 
or supposedly double rate. In FY23-'24, we were having Rs. 20 crores 
plus and in FY24-'25, we were able to showcase or demonstrate Rs. 33-
plus crores revenue from Odoo itself. Like any business unit, this is also 
growing in a manner which is actually helpful for the overall growth of 
Ksolves. But it is actually connected with the thought that it itself has a 
mini organization set up now.  
 
The delegacy, the connect from the Odoo Head or from the specific 
team is actually helping us to showcase or enhance our visibility in all 
these industry areas. We are able to connect with all these sectors which 
are mentioned here through this ERP provision and then it can be further 
enhanced to other business units also of Ksolves like supposedly 
Salesforce, AI/ML, Big Data. So Odoo as a business unit is actually 
helping Ksolves in even extending the services to other industries and 
which is very strategically connected to our thought that we as an 
organization of Ksolves are actually one-stop solution for all the digital 
initiatives where any client is trying to help.  
 
So, our practice -- Odoo practice is actually having all these numbers 
which are mentioned, 120 plus of developers, 50 plus of client 
testimonials and everything. So, I just wanted to showcase how business 
units are also growing within Ksolves. 
 
I'll shift to the next screen. Now, this is not only helping the obviously 
organization or numbers, we are also enhancing and passing on the 
same to our shareholders. We discussed this thing earlier also. The 
initial investment of Rs. 1.20 lakh, 1,20,000 supposedly is now actually 
at the value of 59,76,000. The initial value of 1,200 shares is now at 
19,200 shares which is 58x of the same. So, with all bonus and splits, 
we are at this stage what I am presenting on the screen with a strong 
IRR of 125%. And it is not only the growth on the valuation, even the 
dividend is actually amounting to Rs. 9,28,000 which actually 
demonstrate the factor how we are sharing the value with our 
shareholders. 
 
Our focus remains same. We are not modifying the focus areas. We are 
partnering with SMEs for mutual and concurrent growth. This is 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
helping us a lot when the organization or business is growing and 
extending us also in their own journey. We are starting small with large 
enterprises like we are penetrating in their own organizations but then 
based on our skills, based on our capabilities, we are scaling 
indefinitely.  
 
And the third level, we are actually executing high-impact projects with 
a steady pursuit. I will give an example of this but then this is one such 
area where we are focusing more now because these high-impact 
projects will be actually taken by detailed deliberations. Journey of this 
would be hard but then the result would be effective and would connect 
us to the next specific stories because they would be able -- these stories 
we will be able to showcase to our next clients, the prospective clients. 
So, these would be good credentials for us. 
 
This is the example which I was taking. A leading private sector bank 
in South America was connected with us for a Salesforce solution and 
this actually happened after multiple iterations or multiple rounds of 
discussion, even a round of discussion, face-to-face round of discussion 
happening in South America. So, we are diligently following, we are 
diligently connecting with the clients to showcase our capabilities and 
skills and to grab all the opportunities which are coming ahead for us. 
 
Strategic collaboration on the sector of big data was also done in the 
previous -- this specific quarter which we are discussing. We actually 
initiated cyber security connects also or supposedly cyber security 
sector also and we are actually showcasing or sharing our skills around 
DevOps and Big Data with them. And we collaborated with multiple 
non-profit organizations and NGO in Australia showcasing our and 
supporting them in Salesforce development and consulting.  
 
I'm just showcasing this slide with a factor that it is not only one specific 
tech we are talking about. Salesforce, Big Data, DevOps, Salesforce, all 
these areas, Odoo, all these areas are actually helping Ksolves to go 
diversified as well as together in a direction of growth. Apart from this, 
the showcasing of skills and capabilities are at the global level. We 
attended Big Data London event highlighting our DFM excellence. We 
attended Community Code event at Apache Ecosystem and showcased 
our DFM project. And the last two in Indian Odoo experience as well 
as Odoo community days. These two were the events for Odoo. One 
was in Brussels, Belgium and one was in Gandhinagar, very hyped, very 
connected. All the industry connects relating to Odoo were there and 
we showcased our presence. And like I mentioned in the Brussels Expo 
of Belgium, we were recognized as Odoo Best Partner of India.  

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
Mentioning to, or adding to the thought, we are moving towards the 
matured business model. The retention, the profit, the sustainability, 
everything is on the positive side. We are moving towards the full-
fledged business model wherein we are picking up turnkey projects, 
focusing on product-centric growth, taking responses from the market 
around the DFM or supposedly on the products based on the feedback, 
updating the same. Obviously, some projects or some opportunities, 
pursuits are taking time because the numbers are high. Supposedly, the 
decision makers are at the high level but then the discussions are 
actually moving towards positive note. 
 
The year-on-year growth and numbers are actually on the positive side 
-- size which defines that yearly we are growing towards a good 
direction. And then supposedly, if there is any variability in the short 
run, based on the experience we are having, based on the skills we are 
having, we know that okay, this would go towards a good matured 
business thought which would be visible in the next quarters and in the 
next years.  
 
So, I think, with this, I'll close down and Ratan sir, anything you want 
to mention or we can take the questions. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Yes, definitely. Thank you. Thank you. So, thank you first of all for 
joining this call. This is our 21st result after launching the IPO. Out of 
21st, 20 quarters, we have made quarter-on-quarter growth and there 
was one dip and that dip was due to certain changes in the strategy. 
Hopefully, they will give the same results but -- and better than this 
results next quarters.  
 
I wanted to share a few thoughts with you. I'm not from top college. I 
have not done engineering from the top college. I have done engineering 
from the normal private engineering college from the UP. So, what I 
wanted to share with you that this is first generation business for me, 
and after launching the IPO, five years, more than five years, this is 21st 
IPO, what I have observed that and what I have done, I have maintained 
three pointers. Growth means sales, second profit margin and third 
retention. Retention means employees as well as the customer.  
 
So, if you see out of 21 results, okay, I have given positive results most 
of the time, 20 times maintained a good profit margin, most of the times, 
very rare. You can see that less than the expectation. And at the same 
time, employee retentions and the customer retention, both, I have 
maintained, means I have very -- I have employees who are working 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
with me since long time and I have customers who are working with me 
since long time and they are continuously growing, employees and 
customers.  
 
So, I will try to maintain all these pointers in the future also, this result, 
in this result, Umang has shown you result in two parts, one part for the 
service and one part for the product. However, I assume that someone 
will ask this question that why it is or what is -- why we are spending 
the money in the product. These products are mainly in the either AI or 
Big Data. And we have made a huge investment in last one year for the 
Big Data product. And we have done almost 25 to 30 demos and you 
will be surprised that out of these 25 to 30, 100%, means the result was 
100%. All customers or leads were very happy with this product. They 
said that this is a unique solution, unique idea and definitely it is a 
problem-solving solution which everyone is facing with the Big Data. 
But due to the current world situation, most of the customers, they don't 
want to spend money on the new product and they don't want to change 
their strategy. Everyone is watching, but I'm very hopeful that in near 
future, this product is going to give us a big success and it will 
contribute a huge percentage in the services as well.  
 
So, thank you everyone. And we can open the question-answer round 
and I will try to give my best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. All those who wish to ask a question may use the 
option of raise hand. In case you are unable to raise hand just drop a 
message on the chat window and we'll invite you to ask a question. We'll 
take the first question from Nishita Shanklesha. Nishita, you can go 
ahead please. 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Yes. Hello.  
 
Moderator: 
Yes, you're audible. 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
So, I just wanted to understand, you mentioned before that you will do 
a 20% revenue growth in FY26. So, is that achievable? Where are we 
with that? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Considering the current situation, means the pipeline, and the progress 
we have made, I think it is achievable. 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay. Understood. And you also mentioned that the margins will 
normalize by Q4 FY26. So, at what range will they normalize and what 
are the sustainable margins going forward, you see in FY27? 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So, see, first of all, I will explain that why margins went down, 
because we have spent a lot of money attending the events, and all. This 
quarter, all the events are done, means next quarter, we don't have any 
event. And from the next year, we will go only one or two, three events 
maximum. This year, we went approximately 10 events. And few 
events were very costly. So, these kinds of expenses will not happen 
next year. But new expenses will, you will see, means for example, 
definitely we are not going to attend these many events, but we will start 
traveling frequently to meet customers and hot leads, means me, 
Manish, Darpan and few other colleagues will keep traveling to meet 
customers and to meet hot leads.  
 
So, but again, this will not be -- these expenses will not be huge as we 
have done in last three quarters. And regarding your question margin, I 
will be conservative. As I said in last two calls that 25% margin, I will 
always maintain. I will try to reach 30%. But I cannot give you the 
guarantee. We can see that some sudden expenses and all but 25% 
definitely is the line which I will maintain. You will see that -- you may 
see better than this, you may see better than this margin. 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
So, you're saying in FY26 and FY27 we'll have a 25% margin? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Minimum. 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
But I see that in like past we've done the margins of around 35% to 40%. 
So why the 25% margin?  
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So, if you see the PPT, which Umang has shown you, okay, we have 
started investment in the product development first thing. And in last 
few calls, I have explained that I have hired Salesforce director, and 
started traveling, branding. So that is the reason that margins are down, 
but still it is better than -- better as compared to all other companies, I 
will say, most of the companies.  
 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay, so it's safe to assume that the margins will normalize. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
That time we were not doing expenses, as right now we are -- we have 
those expenses. For example, we didn't have any Program Director. So 
expenses got increased but now it is a standard, now it is a standard 
ESOP expenses. Now it is at that level where company should be. Now 
we have divisions, now have we have people to manage. And now we 
have people to help in increase the business and sustain the business. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay, so the margins will normalize at 25% is what you're saying. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
It is normalized already, and it is better than as compared to all other 
companies.  
 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay, understood. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
You can compare. 
 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Darshil Jhaveri. Darshil, 
you can go ahead, please. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Hello. Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question, 
sir. So, with lines of the participant that was asked the earlier question, 
I wanted to ask like, in terms of our 20% revenue growth, if I have to 
see then in H2, we have to do roughly Rs. 90 crores of revenue. So, do 
we have the visibility for that, sir? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
At this moment, considering the current pipeline, yes, I can see. But 
things can get changed, because so many things does -- means so many 
things does not depend only on me. They depend on -- things depend 
on other things also like U.S. situation or any other country situation, 
but considering the current pipeline, okay, I can see that I can achieve. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Fair enough, sir. And so, like just want to know like what portion 
of our revenue is recurring in nature for us right now, sir, because that 
-- because as our services, we would have some element of recurring or 
how would we describe it as sir?  
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Sure. So, see numbers Umang can tell you. Okay. 
 
Umang Soni: 
85%. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
How much? 
 
Umang Soni: 
85% is the recurring revenue that we are getting from our repeated 
clients. More than 85%. Yeah. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay, so 85%. So, we have a strong base right now, like the number 
that we delivered in Q2, we should add -- we can keep on adding only 
for that.  
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Perfect. So actually, as I said in my statement that we are, I'm a first-
generation businessman. Honestly speaking, three, four quarters before 
I didn't have idea about the next two quarters, next three quarters. But 
at this moment, I have a team, I have a person who is taking care of all 
the numbers and I have numbers of next two, three quarters also, okay 
that from where I will start next quarter and from where I will start that 
next-to-next quarter. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. That's really great to know, sir. And sir with regards to our newer 
vertical of IT products, I wanted to understand, like I think the PPT we 
mentioned around, I think in H1, we've spent around Rs. 3.7 crores, 
right? That's the investment, I think so by the business vertical 
contribution that we had. So, what kind of further investment that we 
can put on this because that would kind of dampen our margin. I know 
it will give us rewards later on when the products start picking. So, it's 
a two-parter questions sir, how much investment more we are supposed 
to -- we are planning to invest and when will this become breakeven 
where it can become self sustaining and we can generate profits from it 
because you are saying clients are loving the product? And so, what is 
the point at which this can scale up? Is the first contract in for it or first 
big contract that can give us validation? So, anything that you could like 
to brief us upon the IT products opportunity, sir. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So, see, for H1, most of the time, we were building the product, 
okay, or we were mark busy in the marketing of the product. So, I do 
not say that 100% product is done, but most of the part is done. Okay, 
now, we are trying to connect with the customers. We are giving them 
demo and all so that we can sell it. Customers are in the pipeline, but 
they are afraid with the current situation all around the world. So, they 
are not making any new investment. They are putting us on hold.  
 
So, for the product development, I do not see that we are going -- we 
will have to make huge investment in the development. Only part is 
remaining that marketing which we will continue but again, this kind of 
investment as I said that 10 events we have attended okay, and I think 
approximately Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 6 crores or more than this, we have 
spent. These kinds of expenses, you will not see in future. Only organic 
marketing we will do. But we will travel to meet customers. So, 
expenses will drastically reduce. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
I believe that as we develop a new product, we should spend on 
marketing. So, as we can enter, but my whole question is revolving 
around what is the traction that we are getting with the client like what 
areas are AI and everything. So, is it specifically targeted towards 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
industry? So, is there scaredness about there will be so much 
development in AI and Big Data that you know, the product that's taken 
will become irrelevant or not irrelevant, but bit out of date, or how 
would you describe it? Like, so if we can, any client is very close to 
giving us a contract or a trial run of a bigger scale.  
 
Could you just help us with your strategy? Like how will we 
differentiate ourselves? Because I'm sure a lot of people are coming 
with AI. So just wanted to know a bit more about that. So, what is the 
potential that you see in this IT Product segment, and maybe it doesn't 
need to be quarter on quarter, sir. Maybe FY27 we will scale up. That 
is not the worry. We should be investing in new stuff for the growth of 
the company. So just wanted to get an idea of when you see. It can be 
quarter or a year down the line, that's also fine, sir, whatever you see. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So, see, first of all, AI is not hurting us. We are also using AI. If you 
will see the number of employee count, we have not increased 
drastically, but revenue is continuously growing. So, we are also using 
AI to optimize the quality of the core performance of the product. So, it 
is helping us. So, we do not have any fear with AI. Actually, if we could 
have AI years before we could have done better than this. Now AI is -- 
AI cannot do alone without the data without the JavaScript and all. So, 
AI is not something that AI will do everything. AI will always need the 
Big Data, means data experts, the front, front end experts and all 
experts. I'm talking the experts, okay. But at the same time, the lower 
skill work will be done by the AI. 
 
And we have started doing this. We -- I have Manish also, okay, who is 
our CTO, I will pass this question to Manish. Manish, you have you 
heard this question means when Darshil was explaining?  
 
Manish Gurnani: 
Yes, to sort of as mentioned right, you are looking at if number one, AI 
is going to challenge us, right? Second is in terms of products, right? 
The… 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Just sorry to cut you off, sir. I didn't mean AI is going to challenge us. 
I'm just asking that so many AI based products are coming in. So where 
does our product stand with the other AI products? Like what is the 
space that we're trying to get? Because even in AI, there are multiple 
applications, right? So that way, I was trying to set up what is the 
targeted area that we are trying to… 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Whatever we have done for the DFM and KDS, can AI do? 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
Okay, no, no. So, let me -- let me first -- so there are two stages, right? 
First is the product itself. The product that we have built, that product, 
like Ratan already mentioned, was praised by everyone who was given 
the demo of that product. So that product itself is a niche domain. It's 
something that you will not see others building. So, we have built it on 
a technology called NiFi and it's like an ETL tool.  
 
The second part is, the other one that we have built, right? That product 
also is into a big data domain. And both of these are growing domains. 
Coming to the second part, the AI that we have used, the way that we 
have used AI in that is, it is going to help the customers save their cost. 
So, it's going to give them a good return on investment compared to 
what you would have been doing, let's say from scratch otherwise.  
 
The other products which are out in the market, they are not in the same 
domain. Some of them are -- the domain is very different. You will not 
find those products doing things that we are doing. Second is the way 
that they have used AI. To use AI in the right way to give you right 
answer, you need to have expertise on the technology also. For example, 
if you talk about ETL, right? DFM, that product that we have built. We 
have been working with technology for almost a decade. Others out 
there -- who are out there, other products they are not that much capable. 
You can even search on the net also; we will come on the top.  
 
So, we are counting on these two things. Number one, the product is 
into a domain which is relatively niche. Second, we have expertise onto 
that domain for almost a decade. So, our expertise also counts in making 
the result of AI more, I would say, accurate. AI is all about accuracy. 
Anybody else can also use some AI and start building things, right? But 
will that solution be that accurate? That will depend on your experience 
and your expertise. So, we are using that also to make sure that our 
product is, I would say, ahead of the curve. I hope that answers. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yeah, that really helps a lot, sir. Yeah, thank you so much. That's it from 
my side. All the best, sir. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Darshil. We'll take the next question from Ankur Agarwal. 
Ankur, you can go ahead, please.  
 
Ankur Agarwal: 
Yeah. Hello. Am I audible?  
 
Moderator: 
Yeah, yeah. 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Ankur Agarwal: 
Yeah. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, I am little -- I, sorry, I am 
a little confused on the margin side. In this quarter, we have done over 
30% margin. And you said a lot of event related issues are behind us. 
So, and second of all, sir, you are expecting improved revenue side. So 
operating leverage should also help. But on that front, you said 
minimum 25% margin. Why are you being conservative? Is there any 
some expense that is we're expecting in next, say 12 to 18 months, 
which are by -- because of which you're saying minimum 25% and not 
minimum 30% is what I wanted to understand, sir.  
 
Sorry, you're on mute, sir. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
It is always better than -- speak less and perform more. So that's why I 
always like to be conservative when I am giving any numbers. Now, it 
is your analysis. It is your expertise on the data that what Ksolves will 
do. Based on the past data, based on the past performance, I would 
request and I expect that because you guys are analysts. You will tell 
that what this company will do. I am -- I have given you a result for the 
last 21 quarters continuously. I have always given the better -- good 
margin, good quarter-on-quarter growth year-on-year growth. 
 
So, you can guess that what will be the number, but I will be -- I will 
love to be a -- to give a -- to be a conservative when I'm giving a 
numbers. I have given you indication that now the huge expenses, you 
will not see from the next quarter. It is done. But as I said that, 
considering the current world situation, okay, anything can be happen 
tonight. What announces will be on the internet? I don't know. Last few 
months. You also know that every day you are getting new announces. 
Okay, and it is affecting the market. So how I can give you the rigid 
number. It will not be good. So that's why I'm conservative. 
 
If everything is good, everything will be good, you will see the better 
number than this I said. 
 
Ankur Agarwal: 
Okay, got it sir, got it. Yeah. And on the product side, can you comment, 
when do we expect to breakeven or how should we think over the next 
say 12 months or so? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See breakeven is very easy. Means we have spent not more than Rs. 10 
crores, not more than Rs. 10 crores is a very high number. If everything 
will go well, we can achieve in one year, or maybe six months. But 
problem is that the businesses are not ready to take any new investment. 
With one customer, I'm telling you, if with one customer, if we can get 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
50% of the expenses with one customer only with one big customer. 
But problem is that all these businesses are very cautious right now.  
 
But once things will be correct, you will see very good results. So that's 
why I'm very optimistic about this product. It is not something that I'm 
just talking that okay, I have idea and as everyone said that my idea is 
great. So same thing I'm saying that yes, my idea is great. I have seen 
the demo results. I have a appreciation from the people, customers and 
big names, I cannot take the names, big names, but they are very 
cautious right now. They don't want change anything in their existing 
product model. However, they are not happy with the charges and all. 
But still, they are not ready to take any changes in the current state. We 
need to wait.  
 
Once things will be done, you will get a huge surprise on the product 
side. So that's why I have separated this considering the future strategy. 
 
Ankur Agarwal: 
Got it, sir. Any timeline you would like to comment or is it too early to 
ask on timeline? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
It is too early. See these things are not in my control. I don't want to 
take names. But people who are making announces every week and that 
is affecting the business, how I can control them.  
 
Ankur Agarwal: 
Sure. Got it, sir. And last question would be generally as in what is our 
dividend payout policy? Is there do we have any specific policy that this 
much percentage of profit will be distributing or how do we think on 
that front? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
No, I don't think that at this moment, we have any policy. Only thing is 
that whenever we give the dividend, we always keep few things in our 
mind that we should have enough pipeline of the business. We should 
have enough cash arrangement for the salaries and all. So, these things 
we keep -- definitely we don't give all the money in the dividend. 
 
Ankur Agarwal: 
Got it. Just final confirmation. You said 20% growth for this year and 
like to a Rs. 90 crore type in second half. So, this Rs. 90 crore we have 
visibility even if some things happen on the tariff side, Trump side, are 
we confident on that? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Or this thing, I can say that I have the pipe. Currently, I can see the 
pipeline, I can see the meetings with the customers. So, I'm very 
optimistic about that thing. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Ankur Agarwal: 
Sure. Got it and all the best. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Pranay. Pranay, you can 
go ahead, please. 
 
Pranay Rayavarapu: 
Yeah, thank you so much for the opportunity and welcome sir. So, I just 
have a question on -- a follow-up on the previous question on the 
product side. So just to get clarity. So, do we currently have any active 
clients for the product or is it still single client? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
We have two active clients. One is a multi billion dollar and one is a 
$500 million revenue customer. Okay, these two customers are already 
using. Right now, I'm in Dubai, okay, to attend GITEX event. And we 
have received multiple interest in the existing product, from the banks, 
from the big institutions. 
 
So only thing is that these products are a very big product. This is not 
something that a $500 - $1,000 product. This will start from $200,000, 
$100,000. Okay, and it can go up to $500,000 one customer. So, this is 
not a small deal. This will not be a small deal. So, it will take six months 
to nine months for the complete conversion, means sales cycle. But 
once it will be started, then it will be continued. This process every 
month or every quarter, we can keep adding but I don't know that when 
this time will come. But as Manish said that idea is unique. Okay, even 
competitors came to watch this demo, and we have given them demo 
because we felt proud to give them demo. 
 
So, idea is unique and it is not something that someone can build it in 
next three months or six months. Best thing is that see, whenever you 
develop any product, you should have a beta customer. If you have the 
beta customer, you can solve all the problem on the runtime. Because 
anyone can develop the product if they have -- if that person has the 
funding. But problem is that without beta customer, you cannot build 
the right product. And this product we have built with the beta customer.  
 
We built with their requirement, with the rigorous testing and all. and 
once -- it took six months for the complete testing. Then we made it 
live. So, it is not something that just product is done. Okay, it is well 
tested on a very big environment. And then second customer directly 
bought it with 15 days or one month trial. That person, that business 
bought it, okay, and they're using it. 
 
Pranay Rayavarapu: 
Great, great to know sir. So just another follow up on the product side. 
So, are we -- is there any focus area -- focus geography for us for this 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
product? Like, since given the ongoing geopolitical scenario, are we 
what is our strategy for the -- are we planning to diversify away from 
U.S. or how are we planning for this product? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
As I said, that two customers I have one is from the US and one is from 
the Europe. Okay. So, U.S., Europe, I already -- we are covered. But 
right now, the traction we are getting, that is from the UAE. So, UAE, 
U.S. and Europe, all these countries have the same requirement. They 
are facing the same problem. They are spending a lot of money to 
handle that problem, which we have resolved. 
 
Pranay Rayavarapu: 
Okay, okay. One final question is, is it this is on the Salesforce front. 
So, I know this is still early, but since the hiring of the new Director, it's 
been overall four months and all. So how is the scaling going on? Is it 
as expected or is it fruitful? Is it there's still a long way to go? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. I will be very honest with you. Initial five, six months the result 
was not expected, as we were expecting. But now results are coming. 
We can see the results. So, in next six months, I can say that we will see 
the better result. Initial five, six months he -- that person took time to 
understand the Ksolves, to understand the culture to build a relation 
with the leads. But now he's doing very well. 
 
Pranay Rayavarapu: 
Okay. That's awesome. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Pranay. So, sir, we have received one question from the 
chat. This question is from Anand. He's asking that for 35% revenue 
growth in FY26 versus FY25, we need a Rs. 90 crore revenue in H2. 
Given the uncertainty in IT budget spends, what would be lead 
indicators to define we are not on track to achieve Rs. 90 crore revenue 
in H2? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
I think I have given two, three-time answer. Umang, can you answer 
this, this time? 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yeah, sure. So, see, to complete that guidance we have given for 20% 
revenue on a year-on-year basis, definitely around Rs. 87 crores approx 
of revenue needs to be generated in next two quarters. And as Ratan sir 
has already communicated that we have that in pipeline and everything 
goes well, then definitely we would be reaching that number along with 
the margins, good margins, then what we have currently. So, indicators 
would be mainly, we can say the client spending, because if the client 
which…  
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Q2 & H1FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 15, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Not that we have currently. Okay. But more than 25%, then it will be 
better margin number margin. Right now, we have 30%, so more than 
30% we're saying. 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yes. So, what I'm saying is, which we have given like 25% minimum 
we would maintain, but yeah, the current margin 30%, 25% to 30%, that 
would be the range we would like to keep minimum. I hope that answers 
your question. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. So, I now pass over the call to Vinay sir. Vinay sir, go 
ahead.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you for this. Ratanji, would you like to give any 
closing comment before we end this call? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
I don't have any closing comment. I have already given my comments. 
So, but yes, thank you everyone. Thank you everyone for trusting on 
Ksolves. We are working very hard. And we will try to do better than 
this in future. Thank you everyone. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. Thank you to all the participants for joining on the 
call and thank you to the management team for giving us their time. 
This brings us to the end of today's conference call. You may all 
disconnect now. Thank you. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
