 
November 7, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Services, 
Piroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
 
Re: 
Security 
BSE 
NSE 
ISIN 
Equity Shares  
532313 
MAHLIFE 
INE813A01018
  
Sub:
 
 
 
Ref: 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call - Regulations 30 & 46 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
Intimation of earnings call vide letter dated October 28, 2025, and Outcome 
and audio / video recording of earnings conference call dated November 3, 
2025 and November 4, 2025
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In compliance with Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings call for the 
second quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2025 (“Financial Results”), held on 
Monday, November 3, 2025, with several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds. The transcript 
includes list of management attendees and the dialogues including but not limited to the 
Questions & Answers. 
 
The text transcript and audio / video recordings of the Q2FY26 earnings call are also uploaded 
on the website of the Company at the weblink: https://www.mahindralifespaces.com/investor-
center/?category=earnings-conference-call.   
 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared / discussed by the Company during 
the earnings call. 
 
 
 

 
This intimation will also be uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
weblink: https://www.mahindralifespaces.com/investor-center/?category=material-disclosure-
intimation  
 
For Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
 
 
 
Bijal Parmar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A32339
 
 
 
 
BIJAL 
BHARAT 
PARMAR
Digitally signed by 
BIJAL BHARAT 
PARMAR 
Date: 2025.11.07 
21:45:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited Q2 FY26 
Earnings Update” 
 
November 3, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: Mr. Amit Sinha - MD and CEO, MAHINDRA 
LIFESPACE DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
 
Mr. Sriram Kumar – CFO, MAHINDRA LIFESPACE 
DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
Nov 3, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Hi everybody, hope you can hear us. We have a little bit of a technical issue. This is the first 
time we are following this format. So, apologies for slight delay in our start and the tech issues, 
but we'll hopefully make it up during the conversation, during the presentation.  
So welcome again to Mahindra Lifespaces’ quarterly update. We are excited to share the 
highlights as we take this along. We have a few slide on our strategy, I think it hasn't changed. 
We launched this strategy two years ago in terms of our ambition, in terms of GDV, in terms of 
choices we are making on the business, the focus on business development, we'll talk more. The 
superior customer experience that we are striving to provide to our customers. You can't take 
your eyes off execution. The focus and value extraction from IC & IC. And then doing all those 
things with strong financial discipline. That's our strategy, and supported by a few enablers that 
you see at the bottom. So it hasn't changed, and we continue to work towards solving the 
challenges that we have along the way to realize the opportunity that we see in this sector. 
Going forward, key highlights for us has been on the Resi side. The H1 we finished roughly at 
1,200 crores. The Q2 was 752 crores. Small, yet powerful launches in H1. NewHaven, which is 
80% sold. Marina, which is a Navy lot in Malad; Lot B and C, 50% sold. Citadel, 80% in Pune. 
Lakewoods, HNI, 100% sold during the festival season. You haven't seen the full impact in 
Quarter 2; it will be in Quarter 3. We had a sustenance side, which has contributed significantly. 
Some of our big launches are coming through later in this latter half of this financial year, which 
is Hope Farm. This is in Bangalore, Mahalakshmi, Bhandup, and Citadel Phase 3. So all in all, 
I think we have seen good progress from the sustenance side, but a lot more good news driven 
by H2 launches is supposed to come in the second half of this year.  
Our good momentum on GDV side. As you know, last year was a watershed year for us where 
we had significant momentum. We had done 18,000 crores. The question was, how should we 
continue the momentum? The H1 GDV additions are 5,200 crores, but in the last 30 days, you 
would have seen two announcements where the GDV addition is now totaling close to 9,500 
crores. We have done one large one in Mahalunge, Pune.; that is included in that 9,500 crore 
number.  
Our accumulation of GDV for us to realize our aspiration has reached 46,000 crores, providing 
multi-year visibility. And a big support that has been there in this number is unlocking of Thane. 
If you recall a year or so back, we had updated you that Thane land parcel has three steps of 
approvals. Step 1 is getting that out of industrial lands, called 63-1A exit. The second is getting 
it converted into the right zones for us to pursue, including potential IITT policy, et cetera. And 
the third is the RERA related approval. We are glad to share that, while last year we had done 
part 1, step 1, now we just got the DP plan announced for Thane region, and our land is now 
designated as R-Zone. Which means from a step 2 of the approval, it's all clear. It unlocks GDV 
worth 7,000 to 8,000 crores. We have put 7,500 crores in the number that you see here. But for 
us, it's a big unlock because it was in our GDV for a long time, and now we are ready to launch 
it. So now the process is simple: design, go through concessions, IOD and RERA. That part is 
already started in terms of development. We’re trying to make it exciting project because of the 
large land bank that we have.  
On the IC side, I hope you can see us. Put your comments in the chat box if you're not able to 
hear us or see us. First time doing it has its own challenges.  
Let me just continue with the third, which is third box here, IC and IC. We're seeing strong 
leasing activity in Jaipur and Chennai. And the positive news on that front is the healthy 
realization that we see, so far, in both these locations. We are working hard to bring other 
locations to the market. OC-2 which is the extended partnership with Sumitomo is in the last 
stages of DTCP and EC clearances. I'm hoping to hear back in this quarter of this financial year.  
Overall financials, H1 consolidated, Resi and IC sales of 1,419 crores. Strong PAT delivery of 
H1, 99 crores that you see here. Resi collections has been strong, close to 1,100 crores. And we 
have maintained a very healthy balance sheet with very good net debt to equity of… actually we 
are cash surplus. We also have the benefit of the work that has happened over the last month is 
to make sure the cost of debt also comes down. So you can see it's quite healthy right now. Move 
forward.  
This is the GDV addition that you see. Lokhandwala 2, Mulund and Navrat 2 happened in Q1. 
Chembur happened in Q2. And then the remaining two, Mahalunge and Navy 2 that you see 
here, are after September 30th, but it happened in the first two weeks of October. So we've shown 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
Nov 3, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
these so that we capture the full story. I think of these overall, if you look at these six, three of 
them are going deep into the location which you had already acquired in the past. So 
Lokhandwala 2 is contiguous to Lokhandwala 1. Navrat 2 is next to Navrat 1, so that we now 
have a bigger parcel which we are designing a large premium project. And Navy 2 is contiguous 
to the Navy 1, Marina 64 that we have. It gives us a huge amount of market presence in those 
locations. Mahalunge, Chembur, these are strategic locations, and so is Mulund, which is giving 
us a strong market presence in those locations.  
So overall, while we are trying to add GDV, we are following two principles. Principle one is, 
are these the right locations for us for the long term, from a demand perspective as well as from 
a visibility perspective, from a branding perspective.  And then second is, we never bring down 
the guardrails for financial returns to the shareholders. And that's reflected when you do projects 
which are contiguous to the first set of projects. It helps you leverage infrastructure, resources 
and synergize with all the efforts that you're putting there. So that's a good story on GDV, I 
would say. In the past, I think the question was, are we going to continue the momentum that we 
have seen in last financial year? I think this goes in the right direction of what we have seen, and 
we'll continue to see more momentum in this direction.  
If you move forward, cumulatively, our GDV is reaching 46,000 crores, which is healthy. And 
as you can see, a big part of the acquisition or unlock has happened in the last few months, which 
is positive. That shows the momentum that our Business Development team, our Resi team has 
shown in terms of signing the right set of projects. And that's very exciting for us because it 
gives us the ability to build a formidable business, which is in line with our brand aspiration and 
the strategy that we have outlined in the past.  
This is the launch plan. I think you largely see that the launches that you've seen are smaller 
launches in H1. And that's why a bulk of the H1 launch is contributed by these smaller launches. 
But I would say, a significant part is coming from sustenance sale of the launches that we have 
done in the past. Our big launches are likely to happen in H2. Not only Marina 64 that you see, 
Plot A, we're just waiting for the EC. You all know about the EC issues. That, as soon as it 
comes, we'll be able to launch the bigger part of the inventory from Marina 64.  
The Hope Farm, we already have the EC Bangalore. We're waiting for the final set of approvals 
from BBMP and we can go to RERA post that. Mahalakshmi, Bhandup, Citadel Phase 3, they're 
all in the progress. Mahalakshmi and Bhandup are in advanced stages. Citadel, we are waiting 
for some approvals specific to the market, to which we'll get back in a few months. But I'm 
confident that the pipeline that we have in H2, will allow us to achieve the target that we have 
for this financial year on the pre-sale side. In the past, we always used to struggle with not having 
enough GDV. Now we have the GDV and now just waiting for the approvals to come through 
for us to convert that GDV into pre-sales. 
And in the past, as we’d shared first time in April with you how our multi-year growth journey 
looks like. We have high visibility in our pre-sales plan. Year by year, as you see, this is how 
we've built up. The overall CAGR from 25 to 30 is visible. Many of you, in the past, asked about 
what is the short-term guidance. I think for FY26, we've said put a straight line on using the 
CAGR. But for FY27, as we have highlighted in the previous discussions, we're hoping that it 
will be somewhere between 4,500 to 5,000.As you can see, the building blocks now are falling 
in place for us to feel comfortable that we'll have enough inventory for us to achieve that 
guidance comfortably, and we are working towards that goal and I'm hoping that that goal really 
comes through for us to really scale the business to a level which is in line with our brand and 
strategic aspiration.  
You also see a few blues that we had in later years, ‘28, ‘29, and ‘30. We are systematically 
filling them up. But that doesn't mean that they will be launched only in that year. If we have the 
opportunity, for example, Mahalunge, that's a project we are hoping to bring up into the market 
in FY27. And we have planned it for our ‘28., but always puts and takes happen depending on 
the approvals and other issues related to design. So there'll be some movement between the 
years, so that will happen. But overall, at least we have put a mark in the ground to say that this 
is where our targets are and let's work towards resolving them and achieving them.  
The other thing that you'll see at the top of the chart is our dependence on new launches is coming 
down from let's say what we saw in FY25. And that's healthy because, even this year, you'll see 
that we are dependent on our launches, but hoping that slowly comes down and our sustenance 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
Nov 3, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
portfolio allows us to achieve a big part of the sales, which is much more predictable, much 
easier to model out in our financial plan.  
As we move forward, the IC business has been a bellwether. I think it has supported us really 
well and will continue to do so. We are investing in that business. We are also bringing in 
partners. This almost a year back, Sumitomo gave a commitment to pursue OC2A, Origins 
Chennai 2A, and potentially 2B as well. This start of the year is good, both from a Chennai 
perspective as well as from a Jaipur perspective. We will continue to mine this opportunity. 
We've given a guidance of somewhere between 400 to 500 crores annually from the IC business, 
and I think we are well on our way to achieve that. There are certain problems and challenges 
just like any business that we have. We're resolving them as part of our growth momentum from 
these businesses. 
This is the status of our IC assets - Jaipur, Chennai, Origins Chennai 1, they're all in play right 
now. We are awaiting approvals for 2A and then land acquisition going on 2B. Origins 
Ahmedabad is relatively new. So we're looking for right size customer. All the title, etc., we 
have kind of gotten validated. We're looking for push-button ready infrastructure there. Some 
infrastructure investments have already happened, but we're looking for one or two anchor 
clients that will allow us to start that location at the earliest.  
Origins Pune is an area where we are still doing land aggregation. We are in advanced stages of 
finishing some of the critical access and contiguity land parcel, but it will be a 1-to-2-year 
journey for us to get all the acquisition done, get all the approvals in place for the infrastructure 
for us to attract a new set of clients. But the location is fantastic, and I'm hoping the kind of 
success you have seen in Chennai or Tamil Nadu or Jaipur, can actually happen in Maharashtra 
as well as Ahmedabad. So we'll keep you updated, but at least it looks promising to us given the 
tailwind that we see in the market.  
Let me hand over to Sriram. As you know, Sriram has taken over as the CFO for Mahindra 
Lifespaces. Avinash is still here. He's moving to an internal role. I want to thank Avinash for 
amazing contributions for Mahindra Lifespaces, and then wish Sriram to take us to newer heights 
on the foundation that Avinash has built. So over to you, Sriram.  
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Thank you, Amit. Thanks. I hope everyone's able to hear me clearly. Q2 sales, as Amit 
highlighted, we were at 752 crores, which compared to last year is at 89% growth. And H1, we 
were at 1,200 crores, slightly lower compared to H1 last year because we had a strong set of 
launches in Q1 of FY25.  
IC and IC revenues continue to be doing very well for us. In H1, we did about 219 crores of IC 
and IC revenues. GDV continues to be very strong for us. The momentum, as we had highlighted, 
in the YTD period, we are at 9,300 crores. And in H1, we did about 5,200 crores compared to 
2,050 crores last year; almost two and a half times compared to last year in H1.  
Residential collections continues to be very healthy. In H1, we had about 1,086 crores, which 
indicates a 9% growth over last year. And with the launches coming up in H2, it positions us 
very well for a continued strong journey on the Residential collections. 
Our net debt to equity is at -0.17, which presents a very healthy balance sheet for future growth. 
And compared to Q2 last year, we were +0.26. And our cost of debt continues to be lower. And 
in Q2 of FY26, after paying off the long-term debt with our rights issue proceeds, we are 
currently at 6.9%. And we continue to explore opportunities to further optimize on the cost of 
debt. 
Moving on to the next slide. This is a segment comparison for Resi and IC business in H1 FY26 
versus H1 FY25. Key points to highlight: The EBITDA for the Resi business, as you see, is 
positive for this quarter. And the IC and IC business continues to generate good amount of 
profitability. And as an overall basis for H1, we are at 99 crores of PAT versus negative 1 crore 
in H1 FY25. It indicates a swing of about 100 crores. And our net debt to equity, as I'd explained 
in the previous slide, continues to be very healthy. 
Moving on, in page 13, we talk about the cash flows at a consolidated level. Just to reorient, this 
is based on a full consolidated basis. And at an overall level, we had a healthy cash position as 
of H1 FY26. Our operating cash flows were at 425 crores for the first half of the year. And the 
launches coming up in H2, we are hopeful that this number will continue to be very positive in 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
Nov 3, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
H2 as well. And in an overall level, we had a closing cash of around 830 crores compared to 
similar levels in H1 FY25. 
Moving on, these financials is prepared based on Ind AS financials. The first two columns are 
for Q2 and Q1 of this year. And as we had highlighted, on a full consolidated basis, we account 
for the JVs and the associates and consolidate their numbers on a line-by-line basis. But as per 
the Ind AS financials, the profits from our associates and JV get consolidated in our share and 
net profit loss of JV/associates line. So as a result, totally our net profit for H1 is around 99 
crores as I'd highlighted, which indicates a better position compared to a Q2 of FY25 and the 
full year of FY25 last year.  
Moving on, this is a consolidated balance sheet position. As you would see, the borrowings, the 
long-term borrowings are completely zeroed out as of 30th September, 2025, which is paid from 
the rights issue proceeds we had. There are some short-term borrowings in the company, but that 
said, we have also had a healthy cash position. And overall, our net debt to equity position is in 
a very, very healthy shape. And again, this is prepared as per the Ind AS financials, indicating a 
very healthy position from an overall perspective.  
With that, I will hand it over to Amit for taking any questions. We have also completed the 
sharing of slides that we wanted to prepare. The rest of the slides are as… 
Mr. Amit Sinha:  
Sriram, you did a very smart thing. All the questions will come to me. That's what you said, 
right? All right, so we will take the questions from the chat window first 
Question & Answer Session: 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
So, I think a question from ICICI Securities is being around primarily on CapEx update. And I 
see a lot of questions coming on the CapEx update.  
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yeah, I think we see a healthy market. Overall, Residential market; a lot of worries at the start 
of this financial year that it might take a dip, given we have seen three years of buoyancy, like 
‘22, ‘23,’ 24, or ‘23, ‘24, ‘25. ‘22 was a recovery year, right? But as you've seen, the market 
continues to be healthy. In some cases, we have seen some market, the volume may have come 
down, but the square foot apartments have become bigger, or the pricing has made up for the 
decline in volumes. But overall, we feel that the market momentum continues. The demand is 
shifting favorably in terms of… towards the segment that you want to participate.  
So, if you see, we had a huge portfolio in affordable, we have exited. We had practically no 
portfolio on the luxury that's actually doing decently well. But our bread and butter is the mid-
premium and premium, and that actually continues to expand as an overall share at the expense 
of affordable. And we feel very good that we are in a market which continues to be healthy. 
After a very strong up-cycle, it stays healthy. The participation from our side is the segment that 
is ripe from a customer point of view. 1 to 5 crore is the segment as we define as mid-premium 
and premium.  
So I think we feel good about where we are playing. Our choice of location also is suitable. 
Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore continue to be the top 3 locations in terms of volume, and then NCR… 
if you include NCR, which is something that we have participated in the past, we have not done 
new launches, but we feel that of the top 4 markets, we are already there in three. So good choice 
in terms of where we are playing, and we are seeking depth in the market, not trying to look for 
breadth. So that's why we prioritize all of our capital allocation in markets where we see overall 
market momentum and we have the ability to go deep. 
So on the CapEx side, we are quite good. The rights issue has helped us in terms of cleaning our 
balance sheet. This was just used for the growth. As we look forward, there are two avenues for 
more capital. Avenue one is, we have the ability to raise a healthy amount of debt, and this 
market is quite ripe for that. The highest gross debt we have taken till last year was roughly 
1,400 crores. So I think, depending on how the market is, how the kind of projects are, I think 
we have the ability to take on debt for the right set of projects.  
We also are keeping in mind our strengths and how should we leverage our balance sheet along 
with the brand. So examples of society redevelopment, examples of JDA are very suitable for 
us. It doesn't take as much capital, but gives us the ability to do a lot bigger projects. And we 
have done with Bhandup, we have done with many societies already.  

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
Nov 3, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
And finally, we continue to have discussions on strategic partners for equity perspective. We 
had gone very far, but we had to put that on a pause given our desire to do rights and raise our 
own equity from the market. But I think those discussions are back. There are huge amount of 
interest in terms of different types of customers or partners looking to participate in Indian Resi 
market, Indian real estate market, and we have advanced discussions with some of them.  
So I think if you look at all three, like can we raise debt to support our CapEx expansion? Can 
we think about the right mix of projects to support our CapEx requirements? And then, do we 
have other avenues from a strategic partner? All three are being looked at.  
Our goal from a volume perspective is not to slow down for right projects, right? I think this is 
a market which is healthy, inventories overhang is healthy. So we want to make sure that we 
continue to sign up projects that will give us the financial returns for the future, and gives rubber 
for the rest of our brand across other businesses. So those things are keeping in mind. I think 
9,500, 9,300 crores is not a number that we are chasing per se. Good projects, we will do that. 
And that's how we have designed our systems and processes and approvals in terms internally. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar:  
So, Amit, we can take next question from Parikshit from HDFC Securities. Quite a few 
questions, I’ll go one by one. What is the status of project approvals on Bhandup Hope Farm 
and Mahalakshmi?  
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yeah, I think they are going well. let me start with Bhandup. Bhandup is in the final stages of 
plan approvals. So as you know, there are concessions, IOD, CC. And now for CC, you need an 
EC. And EC also, we got the TOR approved. So for us to do RERA, there is a CC route and an 
EC route, and they converged in CC, which leads into RERA now. So, Parikshit, as you know, 
in the past, we could launch the project and the EC would come subsequently for us to start 
construction. So anyway, it's good for the customer because many times it has caused delay. So 
while we haven't finished a year on Bhandup deal; it was November sometime around this time. 
But our feel is that in another month to two months, we'll have most of the approvals in our hand. 
All the final concessions are undergoing right now. We've gotten many of the other approvals 
done. Concession leads to IOD. Then EC part comes and they both lead to CC, which leads to 
RERA. So I would say a healthy progress on approvals. It's a large project and we want to make 
sure the design is right and we do it with all sorts of clarity on what we are trying to do. So that's 
Bhandup.  
The second is Alembic, which is in Bangalore. The EC has come for Alembic already. So that's 
further along. We are waiting for BBMP approval, which is the last stage before it can go to 
RERA. But the EC has come, I think I'm hoping that it is any day. And that's again a large project 
for us in a great location. So, like almost there, but we are not there until we are there, right? So 
that's also in good shape. 
And similarly, on Mahalakshmi, the EC meeting has happened. So we are waiting for the 
Minutes to come out for us to use it as part of our concessions and IOD. Given it's a 
redevelopment, we have to make sure that the vacation happens and demolition needs to… the 
process has to start for us to apply for RERA. My sense is, all of these will happen in the next 
three months, let me put it this way. That's what we are hoping for, shooting for, right? There 
could be ups and downs, but at least in our planning, we are making sure that they are happening 
in the… some will be earlier, some will be later. 
In the same breath, I just want to highlight the Navy Plot A. Plot B and C had come already, but 
Plot A was awaiting the EC clearance vide the Supreme Court issue. That meeting has also 
happened. The authority meeting has already happened. So we are just waiting for the Minute. 
The moment that Minutes come out, we can attach it to our IOD, get CC and RERA for us to… 
Demolition has already happened. People have vacated. So that also is around 400 to 500 crores, 
probably more inventory that's there.  
So all those four are almost there, but we'll keep you updated. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
What is the value of new launches, GDV for H2, FY26?  
Mr. Amit Kumar: 
Yeah, so roughly 7,000 crores is the value of the launches that we are planning, or let me just 
say, this is the value of the launches we are seeking approval. We might branch out the launches 
so that it is bite-size manageable and we're not just putting so much volume that affects the 
pricing. So I think even a 20-30% penetration of that will give us a tremendous pre-sales for this 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
Nov 3, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
financial year. So that's 7,000 crores we are thinking for the numbers that I mentioned to you, 
the names that I mentioned.  
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Next question, Amit, is on strong BD as we have done for the full year, for the year to date till 
now. Do we expect the BD momentum to continue?  
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Absolutely, absolutely. The BD momentum, as I said earlier in the previous CapEx question, I 
think right projects, right locations, which are good for our brand salience, we will continue to 
pick them up. So absolutely. We also want to update that on West Era, which was a project that 
was getting delayed, we got the DA sign for that also. It's a marquee location. There were some 
issues that we had to resolve. All of that have been resolved. We expect to launch it, now that 
the DA is signed, in the next financial year. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
The next question is on the balancing factor and pre-sales reported on the slide on the project 
data, data project wise. So Parikshit, I'll take this.  
I think what we have done is whenever the projects are completed, especially in Chennai, we 
move them out from the ongoing projects to completed inventory. So the completed inventory 
sales is not probably reflected in the slide because that slide is primarily on the ongoing projects. 
So the difference, as you're talking about, is primarily due to the sale of the completed inventory.  
Next question is on project completion and deliveries for FY26.  
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yeah, so we have some that have happened, but I think the bulk of the completions are in H2, 
second half of this year. We have roughly eight completions that are being planned for this 
financial year. I think they are all across; they are in Delhi, they are in Pune (two in Pune 
actually), there are three in Mumbai, including some of the affordable projects that we are doing, 
there is one in Bangalore and one in Chennai, right? So that's our portfolio that we are trying to 
complete.  
In most cases, the completion is either done or almost done, right? Some are places where even 
OC applications have been filed after CFO and Consent to Operate, Consent to Establish. So 
that is from a recognition point of view, both revenue and PAT. So we are expecting those 
recognitions… completions to happen that will lead to recognition of profit and revenue. So 
eight of them. Five of them are bigger that are there, that's Eden for us in Bangalore, Luminaire 
for us in Delhi, NCR, it's P21 in Chennai, it's Nestalgia in Pune and then Alcove in Mumbai. 
These are the five bigger ones. And then there are three on the affordable side, which is Palghar, 
there is Kalyan, one tower, and then Tathawade in Pune. So these are the three on the affordable 
side. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Which is a good segue into the next question, Amit. Do we expect to be EBITDA positive from 
which quarter or financial year? With the project completions… maybe Parikshit, I'll take this.  
With the project OCs expected, as Amit outlined, the EBITDA, you will see that getting reflected 
in the EBITDA for the quarter and the full year as well. As these are the recent projects, like the 
five completions that Amit talked about, the bigger ones are all expected to get completed in this 
year and contribute to the revenue EBITDA and PAT.  
Next question, Amit, is on execution. Ashish Agarwal from Sundaram AMC. How is the 
execution of the under-construction projects going on? Are all the under-construction projects 
expected to be completed within RERA timelines? Do we expect any impact on financials in the 
near term?  
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yeah, that's it. I think that's my biggest priority. Ashish, right? Yeah. I think it's my biggest 
priority because the construction phase is typically we get so much excited with GDV and 
launch, that at times we forget that the longest phase is construction and delivery to the 
customers. And that creates a moment of truth for our customers. We don't deliver a good 
product on time, it really affects the brand perception and the quality of the work that we do. So, 
we are particularly focused on that. 
And so overall short answer is, I track it on a frequent basis, make sure on the quality, cost, and 
timeline, all those are balanced in the best possible way. And that's happening. We also, as 
Sriram and Avinash has put together a system of tracking the IRRs. IRR is capturing both the 
cost, revenue, as well as the timeline. So, from a timeline perspective, most of the projects tend 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
Nov 3, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
to be delivered earlier, unless there is an issue with approvals or something in some cases; very 
few that we see.  
But I think going forward, it's something that we had highlighted in our strategy, that how do we 
actually think about our execution? And last week itself we signed an MoU with Tata Projects, 
starting with Mahindra Vista in Kandivali, it's a large project, to make sure that the quality, cost, 
compliance are in line with what we expect from the project. In fact, if we can over-deliver on 
each one of them in terms of quality, in terms of cost, in terms of compliances, in terms of 
timelines, I think that partnership will hopefully flourish. And that is not the only project we will 
do with tier one partners like Tata Projects. We'll continue. This is our second one. We did the 
same thing with IvyLush in Pune a few months back. And I think that's one way for us to ensure 
the execution happens in line with the planning for the project and we meet the OC and the 
customer expectations.  
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
One question from Deepak from Svan Investments. After good traction in BD, how should we 
think about the management bandwidth going ahead? Whether it will shift to launches and 
execution? And how should we think about the BD going forward?  
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yeah, I think it's a good question about management bandwidth. I think, I would say that all of 
us could do with some vacation. But I think that's the fun of building a firm from ground up, 
right? We had tremendous potential, but it was not yet converted into business. Now we are 
starting to see that potential getting converted into BD, then hopefully pre-sales and then the 
financial returns like cash flows and other things.  
We are adding management capability. We are hiring people in our Construction team. We are 
hiring people in our Sales team. We are hiring people in our… all the functional Design team, 
Technology team. We just hired our… Parijat joined us… She has joined us as chief technology 
officer. You see the role of technology going to be amplified significantly, even in this kind of 
industry. So I think, all across the functions, we are taking strong steps to create a good execution 
and management bandwidth. And that we will continue to do so. I wish we had a situation where 
we create bandwidth and then build a business.  
I think in this case, they'll happen concurrently. And it will stretch people, to be honest. It 
stretches all of us in the leadership team. But rather have it this way than the other way where 
we have too much time for not many projects, right? So we are building the capability.  
And I'm also thinking about capabilities that would be required in future. For example, if you're 
going to construct tall buildings, right? Taller buildings, right? Mahalakshmi, for example, that 
would be the tallest building we are constructing. How do we think about structural engineering? 
How do we think about learnings that can be deployed for other projects, right? From a safety, 
compliances, facade, right? Those capabilities are something that we have to build. We have, 
let's say, lower on those capabilities, but by the time these projects are launched, we would have 
enough experiences to make sure we support these projects with the right set of capability in the 
management team.  
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Next question is from Shreyans from Equirus. This question is on BD, I think, for H2, which we 
talked about. Other question is on Sai Baba, if we have any update on Sai Baba that we can do.  
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yeah. I think Sai Baba, I think the design has been submitted. The DA was on some time back. 
We are facing a small issue with some road alignment with the neighboring society. I think those 
discussions are underway. We have to take a call whether we go ahead as is or we go back a 
couple of steps and do it in the right way. And if we don't have the comfort of the other society, 
we'll have to either find an arrangement with them or do it from scratch. Doing from scratch has 
a time delay angle tied to it, so we are evaluating both the options. We, at the end, want to do 
the project which is the right project for our customers. So we'll ensure alignment with all 
stakeholders. My expectation is, this project may get launched in the next financial year, H2, of 
that, given it's a large project. And I think… I was visiting the other day. The access is amazing 
and the area is just really flourishing. So great location for us to be doing this project. So yeah. 
So that's Borivali.  
On BD, I think we covered it. But I just want to highlight that we're getting tremendous response 
for us in redevelopment. And that is an area that is capital efficient, time inefficient, if I can say, 
Borivali is an example. We'll continue to push that and we want to be a leader in society 
redevelopment for sure. 

 
Mahindra Lifespaces Developers Limited 
Nov 3, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
One last question from Debojit. You acquired a big land parcel in Bhandup at LBS. How are 
you thinking of planning to construct? If you could talk about a little bit on the schedule for 
project completion. 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Yeah. It's a large project. It's roughly 4 million square foot, overall. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
RNA. 
Mr. Amit Sinha:  
Yeah, RNA. So roughly 6 million square foot, 6.5 on the saleable side. Right. So very large 
project. 37 acres of land. Great location. I would say, one side metro, the other side train station, 
roads on all four sides, DP road connecting from east to west. So it's a beautiful setup. And, mall 
right across. And we are doing Residential, we are doing Commercial, we are doing Retail. So 
it's an outstanding location.  
In our business plan, we have planned roughly eight and a half years for sales and 10 years of 
construction on the time of approval. And this is not an outright acquisition, it's a JDA with 
GKW, Joint Development Agreement. And this is something that we aligned with our partner, 
JDA partner. Our goal, obviously, is to fast track that, right? Not only the sales part, but also the 
construction side. We have this planned in, let's say, four to five phases, three phases of 
Residential, one phase of Commercial, and one of Retail. That doesn't mean there will be 
sequential, it can be concurrent, depending on how we see the demand pull up for that. But the 
Residential, the first launch will happen H2 of this year, as of our current plan, as soon as we get 
the approval. And then we'll continue to monitor the market absorption velocity to plan for the 
next set of launches.  
So it's a large project. We are very excited. It's going to be one of the flagship premium projects 
that we would have done. I'd love for you to visit when we have the sales gallery done. Maybe 
we do one of the physical meetings in the sales gallery whenever it's ready. So I'd love to invite 
you and host you there. 
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
I think a lot of other questions are primarily on Thane and Bhandup, which I think 
Mr. Amit Sinha: 
Okay, yeah. So any other last questions? No, this is done? Okay. So thank you so much. We 
covered… Apologies for a delayed start and the interruption that we had. We're experimenting. 
Please share your feedback, whether this format was useful or not. We try to move it from audio 
to video. And we will continue to do in-person. I think as per your guidance, we'll do one H1 
and then the next financial year end in-person, because we did already two. So we thought maybe 
this one will be virtual. We also are meeting some of you on 20th as part of Investor Day. So we 
will address questions that you might have. 
But we’re really excited to be sharing the results and the plan to really grow the firm in line with 
your guidance and our aspirations. So thank you for all the input. Please keep the channel open 
if you have any thoughts and feedback. We’d love to listen to them and address them. Thank 
you.  
Mr. Sriram Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
***END OF TRANSCRIPT*** 
 
 
