 
HCL Technologies Ltd.  
Technology Hub, Special Economic Zone  
Plot No. 3A, Sector 126, NOIDA– 201304, UP, India  
t: +91 120 4306000 
 
Corporate Identity Number: L74140DL1991PLC046369 
Registered Office:   
806 Siddharth, 96, Nehru Place, New Delhi -110009, India 
 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532281 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Code: HCLTECH 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on October 13, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
 
In terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
enclosed please find a copy of the transcript of the Conference Call held on October 13, 2025, 
post the announcement of the financial results of the Company for the quarter and half-year 
ended September 30, 2025.  
 
The is also available on our Company’s website https://www.hcltech.com/investor-relations. 
 
 This is for your information and records.               
  
Thanking you, 
    
For HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Manish Anand 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
MANISH 
ANAND
Digitally signed by 
MANISH ANAND 
Date: 2025.10.17 
17:54:45 +05'30'

 
 
 
“HCLTech’s Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. C. Vijayakumar – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Mr. Shiv Walia – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Ramachandran Sundararajan – Chief People Officer 
Mr. Nitin Mohta – Senior Vice President & Head - Investor Relations 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to HCLTech’s Q2 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator 
by pressing "*", and then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Mohta – Head (Investor Relations). 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good morning and good evening, everyone. A very warm 
welcome to HCLTech’s Q2 FY26 Earnings Call. 
We have with us Mr. C. Vijayakumar – CEO and Managing Director, HCLTech; Mr. 
Shiv Walia – Chief Financial Officer; along with the broader Leadership Team to 
discuss the performance of the Company during the quarter, followed by a Q&A. 
In the course of this call, certain statements that will be made are forward-
looking, which involve a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such 
forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements made herein are 
based upon information presently available to the Management, and the 
Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that 
may be made in the course of this call. 
In this regard, please do review the safe harbor statements in the formal investor 
release documents, and all the factors that can cause the difference.  
Over to you, CVK. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Nitin. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. 
Thank you for joining our 2nd Quarter Earnings Call. I hope all of you are doing 
well. 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
 
This was a strong and energizing quarter for us with broad-based growth, 
expansion in margins, and exceptional bookings. We are seeing the results of a 
strategy come to life, and I am proud of how our teams are executing and 
winning in the market.  
 
Our revenue grew 2.4% sequentially and 4.6% on a year-on-year basis in 
constant currency. Our Services business grew 2.5% sequentially and 5.5% year-
on-year in constant currency with robust growth in IT and Business Services and 
ER&D services. 
 
Our Software business’ Subscription, Support and Professional Services 
revenue grew 9% year-on-year, while the overall revenue was lower due to lower 
perpetual license revenue. This reflects our objective to increase subscription 
revenue, which is expected to provide more sustainable value compared to the 
perpetual license revenue. 
 
Our operating margins came at 17.5%, an increase of 116 basis points 
sequentially. This aligns with the recovery plan shared last quarter. While there 
is more to do, I am pleased with our progress so far.  
 
This quarter saw strong, well-balanced bookings across service lines, 
geographies and verticals, resulting in $2.6 billion of new booking. This is the 
first time we crossed the $2.5 billion mark without a contribution from any mega 
deal. We also signed two large deals this quarter, which we mentioned as 
delayed last quarter.  
 
We grew our employee base in line with the demand as we saw strong bookings 
and a good demand environment. More importantly, we continue to grow our 
revenue per employee as we leverage AI in everything we do. 
 
I am proud and happy to share Time Magazine recognized us as the highest 
ranked India headquartered technology company for the second consecutive 
year in the World’s Best Companies 2025.  

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
 
Little later, Shiv would unpack detailed financials across service lines, 
geographies, verticals, and the client segments. 
 
I will cover a little bit more on our AI propositions. 
This quarter, we reached a major milestone by generating over $100 million in 
Advanced AI revenue through our diverse service lines and IPs. This is about 3% 
of our total revenue. The credit goes to our exceptional teams across the 
company and the leadership for achieving this impressive milestone. Our people 
are embracing the transformation from a people-based business towards a 
model that seamlessly blends AI IP with human-in-the-loop capabilities.  
 
Over the past few years, we have made significant investments in building 
intellectual property, deepening partnerships and strengthening our GTM and 
delivery teams. These efforts are now yielding results as we transition from the 
AI pilot stage to the AI monetization phase.  
 
As we called out in our Investor Release, Advanced AI includes rapidly evolving 
AI technologies like Agentic AI, Physical AI, AI engineering, AI Factory, etc. To 
clarify further, this excludes Classical AI, Data and Analytics services, and the 
services delivered using GenAI and Agentic AI.  
 
This achievement is a clear outcome of our strategy. As we have shared before, 
our strategy is clear and focused on shaping the future of our business and the 
industries we serve. There are four key elements to this strategy: 
1. 
First, we are proactively transforming our services with a long-term view 
and the confidence to evolve even if it means disrupting parts of our 
existing revenue base. This mindset keeps us agile, relevant and future-
ready.  
2. The second part of our strategy, we are investing in building 
differentiated IP that accelerates and scales AI adoption for our clients. 
While companies like OpenAI, tech OEMs, hyperscalers, continue to 
advance the core intelligence layer and the computing needed for this, 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
our opportunity lies in making that intelligence enterprise-ready and 
impactful at scale. We are developing IPs that power transformation 
across IT, SDLC services, engineering services, BPO services, as well as 
industry-specific use cases built on top of that intelligence layer.  
3. The third element of our strategy, we are expanding into new AI-led 
services, including AI Engineering, which has a lot of silicon for 
inferencing chips, AI Factory, AI Advisory, and these services leverage 
our strong foundation in engineering, infrastructure, and the deep 
industry expertise. 
4. The fourth element, we are strengthening and expanding our AI 
partnerships across the entire technology stack from GPU providers to 
model and agentic platform providers. These partnerships are 
instrumental in helping us deliver impactful end-to-end AI solutions 
that drive real business outcomes for our clients.  
 
Transformation of our talent and onboarding new talent to enhance our 
capabilities is central to our strategy. We are fully committed to this strategy. 
The momentum is building, the results are encouraging, and our conviction is 
stronger than ever. We believe this approach positions us to lead in the AI era 
and define the next phase of growth for our company and our clients.  
 
I would like to share our AI progress last quarter across three key dimensions: 
1. 
One is offering. 
2. Second is engagement. 
3. The third is partnerships. 
 
On offerings, our AI Force platform, we launched v2.0 beta release with GA 
planned in January 2026. This version marks a significant leap forward, bringing 
agentic workflows, orchestration, and responsible AI together into one unified 
platform across IT, software, and business operational services.  
 
Our AI Force platform is now deployed across 47 accounts, up from 35 last 
quarter, and this is the key solution enabler for most of our wins. I would also like 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
to mention that we are working towards the goal of leveraging our AI Force 
platform to 100 of our top clients. 
 
We continue to invest and build repeatable AI solution for industries, the 
InsightGen in Financial Services, and VisionX in Manufacturing are two that are 
seeing good traction. Under Advanced AI, we have added two new offering 
pillars of AI Factory and AI Advisory.  
 
The AI Factory proposition we are taking to market in very close partnership with 
partners like Nvidia, Dell and HPE. We are engaged with one of the global top 10 
tech companies in implementing global AI Factories. We see strong demand 
here and we are scaling our teams to service this demand.  
 
In AI Advisory, we will be helping our clients deploy AI at scale by advising its 
strategic points in their adoption journey from use case prioritization to 
business case formulation to POC and deployment blue prints followed by 
organizational level change management and Responsible AI.  
 
We also launched a new AI Security and Red Teaming offering. 
 
In Physical AI, we signed a deal in robotics with AI which is a proposition that is 
catching great interest in tech and heavy industries. In Data and AI and AI 
Foundry, we launched new capabilities and accelerators to enable business 
persona-driven agentic AI solutions for data modernization and analytics.  
 
On engagement maturity dimensions, we are witnessing the size of our 
engagements becoming bigger every quarter. Most of our services deals are 
now embedded with Advanced AI capabilities as they come up for renewal. Five 
of our top 10 renewables came with increased ACV, while the specific SOWs in 
the remaining ones had a decline due to AI-linked productivity. These are from 
large growing clients, and we do see opportunities to consolidate more work 
due to our proactive strategy in scaling AI with these clients.  
 
Some key examples from Q2 reflect the maturity in our AI engagement. We 
signed a major legacy modernization program with a leading European retailer 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
to upgrade their auto management system. Using AI Force, we are automating 
design, build, and test workflows, resulting in 30% to 40% increased developer 
productivity, shorter cycle times, and greater agility in software development.  
 
A Fortune 100 Aerospace company chose HCLTech to create contour scanning 
software and a simulation testbed. Using Physical AI and automation, HCLTech 
will support position manufacturing, faster validation, and improved production 
efficiency.  
 
A U.S. global manufacturer selected HCLTech AI Advisory Services to build an 
Enterprise AI and governance framework to scale AI initiatives with measurable 
ROI, regulatory compliance, and responsible AI principles.  
 
A large U.S. telecom company selected HCLTech to launch an NVIDIA-powered 
emerging tech AI Lab. Here we are setting up a high-performance AI cluster and 
deploying state-of-the-art models, such as Llama 405B, Maverick and Scout.  
 
Apart from this, we have several clients who are leveraging our Advanced AI 
services. We think there is great potential to partner with these clients to grow 
our Advanced AI business further.  
 
On the third axis is the maturity of our enabling ecosystems consisting of our 
people and partners. We see good demand for Open AI enterprise adoption, and 
we are training more people to support this journey. We announced two more 
significant collaborations this quarter. We announced a multi-year strategic 
partnership with Pearson to co-develop AI-powered products and services 
designed to close skill gaps, empower individuals to advance their careers, and 
help organizations succeed amidst the rapid technological change.  
 
We joined MIT Media Lab in the U.S. to collaborate in shaping the future of AI 
and emerging technology areas such as quantum computing. While we signed 
these new collaborations, we continued to excel in our existing AI ecosystem. 
We received the Dell AI Partner of the Year Award for VisionX Solution. HCLTech 
is the only SI partner to receive this award.  

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
 
We announced new partnerships with SailPoint on AI-driven identity 
transformation and with Thought Machine to accelerate AI in cloud-led 
transformation of banks.  
 
On the people side – we continue to train our people at scale. We are building 
black belt cohorts on every technology stream. We trained 820 black belts in H1 
alone, while our data and AI principal cohorts are now strongly embedded in 
more than 50% of our priority accounts.  
 
We have also undertaken an AI skills standardization framework and have 
identified 14 top AI skills for scaling our AI talent base. 
 
As a testimonial to this maturing momentum, we received multiple leadership 
citations for our AI business this quarter that are mentioned in our investor 
release. The progress we have made on Advanced AI over the last few quarters 
gives us great confidence in our AI propositions as it resonates with our clients. 
Every investment we have made till date builds the conviction that it was very 
well invested. 
 
As we further accelerate our journey to address the expanding market to help 
enterprise clients realize value out of their AI investment, we expect to further 
invest in Advanced AI propositions, IPs, go-to-market capabilities, and 
partnerships. 
I will dwell a little more regarding our bookings. We crossed $2.5 billion of new 
bookings without mega deals. We continue to invest in a strong global sales 
engine that meets diverse client needs. For instance, our public sector GTM 
group secured a large aerospace and defense contract with a new client last 
quarter. As you would all know, new bookings we disclose do not include rate 
card deals or renewals. We emphasize more on the new booking metric, which 
generally has a strong correlation with revenue growth, typically observed with 
a one to two quarter lag. Nearly all deals include AI, and a comprehensive suite 
of AI offerings was instrumental in securing multiple large strategic wins. You 
would find the details about our key wins in our investor release. 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
As you would have noticed, we have been growing strong in three large verticals, 
which are BFSI, Technology, and Telecom & Media. We see a similar trend 
emerging in Retail CPG that should help us grow in the future as well as diversify 
our portfolio. We continue to win and grow in our Retail and CPG business as 
clients show intense interest in a prudent approach to adopting and scaling AI. 
A couple of areas where we see this include integration work in M&A, a carveout 
related separation work, and in large scale SDLC transformation work supported 
by Generative AI, especially our AI Force platform. We are seeing similar trends 
in Lifesciences & Healthcare as well as in our Public Services. While the broader 
Manufacturing segment is doing fine, there is continued impact due to the Auto 
sector slowdown within the overall Manufacturing vertical. 
Next, I want to share some thoughts on our Software business. As a business, 
this is growing from strength to strength. For example, HCL Software has been 
named a leader in 2025 Gartner Magic Quadrant for application security testing. 
This is significant as we advanced from challenger position in 2023 to Leader 
position in 2025. We received the second highest score on completeness of 
vision among 16 evaluated vendors, a strong validation of our forward-thinking 
approach to application security and our alignment with the market needs and 
buyer expectations. HCL Software has been named a leader in 2025 Gartner 
Magic Quadrant for Service Orchestration and Application Platform, acronymed 
as SOAP, which makes it twice in a row for us. This consistent recognition from 
Gartner is all thanks to HCL UnO, especially the recent HCL UnO agentic delivery 
platform, which was called out for its end-to-end orchestration capability. This 
is a missing piece in the entire agentic AI and Services-as-a-Software 
proposition, so UnO is a very strategic component in that. This feature enabled 
us to be the second highest rated in completeness of vision among the 12 
vendors evaluated this year. 
Coming to the pipeline and market trends: 
Our pipeline remains robust and has grown to a record high, well supported by 
our Advanced AI propositions. It's well distributed across business segments, 
verticals and geographies with AI, GenAI, Agentic now central to nearly every 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
deal, serving as a productivity enhancer as well as an innovation toolkit. While 
the external environment continues to be unpredictable, our key business 
indicators like revenue growth, booking, pipeline, AI demand etc., all look 
promising. While there are some concerns about the long-term trajectory of the 
industry, we feel there is and will be a huge tech services market. This AI wave 
would create big winners, and those winners would benefit big over the long 
term as clients always need a partner who can bring various technology 
capabilities together to build and operate solutions that solve business 
problems. To be a winner, one needs to have the scale and reach to develop AI 
IP-led propositions, have a great ecosystem of partners and most importantly, 
have strong engineering and a software culture, which we pride ourselves. We 
strongly believe this core competence of technology services partners is what 
global enterprises will always seek to realize value beyond buying technology 
tools and platforms. At HCLTech, we are focused or rather obsessed to be such 
a partner to enterprise clients. 
Coming to the last topic, which is on immigration: 
I know a lot of you may have questions regarding H-1B visa fee revision and its 
potential impact on us. Over the years, we've made conscious effort to reduce 
our reliance on visas by strategically strengthening our global delivery model. 
Our dependence on visa is now down to a few hundred visas a year. In Q1 this 
year, Forbes recognized us as one of America's best employers for new grads 
2025, underscoring the success of our approach towards fostering innovation, 
career growth for early professionals and talent readiness. Overall, we intend to 
increase our local hiring and training to enhance our localization. 
With that, I would request Shiv to walk you through more details on the 
numbers. Over to you, Shiv. 
Shiv Walia: 
Thank you, CVK. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening to all of you. 
Thank you for joining our Q2 FY26 earnings call. 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Let me walk you through our financial performance for the quarter, starting with 
the revenue performance: 
Total revenue for the quarter is $3,644 million, a growth of 2.4% quarter-on-
quarter and 4.6% year-on-year in constant currency terms. Services revenue for 
the quarter came in at $3,322 million, a growth of 2.5% quarter-on-quarter and 
5.5% year-on-year in constant currency terms. ITBS services grew 2.6% quarter-
on-quarter and 3.8% year-on-year and the ERS segment grew 2.2% quarter-on-
quarter and 13.4% year-on-year in constant currency terms. Our recent CTG 
assets acquisition from HPE has been delivering financial results in line with our 
business plan. It has also given us the opportunity to address the needs of a 
much larger global telecom client base with a richer value proposition. Software 
revenue for the quarter is $333 million, a growth of 0.5% quarter-on-quarter and 
a decline of 3.7% year-on-year in constant currency terms. Within the Software 
segment, Subscription & Support and Professional Services revenue grew at 8% 
year-on-year in constant currency terms. This performance reflects our priority 
to grow the Subscription & Support and Professional Services revenue line. 
In terms of geographies: during the quarter, USA, the largest IT services market 
grew at 2.4% year-on-year, Europe grew at 7.6% year-on-year, while India grew 
at 0.6% year-on-year, and the Rest of the World grew 17.9% year-on-year. 
Regarding verticals, we saw broad-based QoQ growth across key verticals, with 
some achieving double-digit year-on-year growth despite the macro 
environment. Our top-performing verticals on a sequential basis were 
Lifesciences & Healthcare and Public Services, whereas on a year-on-year basis, 
Financial Services and Technology fared well. They grew at 11.4% and 13.9% 
respectively in constant currency terms. In terms of clients, we remain focused 
on adding and expanding G2000 equivalent and emerging enterprises. This 
quarter, we made good additions to our client portfolio across verticals and 
geographies. On a year-on-year basis, we added 2 clients in the $50 million 
category, 14 in the $20 million category, and 7 in the $10 million category. HCL 
Software is steadily broadening its client base across multiple industries and 
geographic regions, with its portfolio exhibiting strong performance and 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
facilitating the acquisition of new clients. This impressive execution positions us 
well for the future growth. 
Now let me share the details on profitability: 
Our EBIT is $637 million at 17.5% of revenue. Net income for the quarter is $486 
million at 13.3% of revenue. The margin bridge explaining the same is as follows. 
The company margins have increased 116 basis points quarter-on-quarter. The 
improved profitability for the software segment gave us 35 basis point benefit. 
For Services, the 81 bps quarter-on-quarter increase was driven by the following 
factors: 
Absence of one-off that hurt margins in Q1 gave us positive 30 basis points in 
this quarter. Project Ascend helped us to obtain 50 basis point gain from higher 
utilization during the quarter. Forex gain from INR depreciation gave us positive 
56 basis points and restructuring expenses had an impact of negative 55 basis 
points. As we had indicated in July, our annual guidance, quarterly numbers, and 
commentary, all of them include the impact of the one-time restructuring hit in 
FY26. For peer comparisons, we would encourage you to keep this in mind. 
Now moving on to Return on Invested Capital, ROIC: 
Our ROIC continues to improve, thanks to our ongoing focus on profitability and 
efficient capital management. The last 12-month ROIC is at 38.6% for the 
Company, which is up 290 basis points year-on-year. And for services, ROIC now 
is at 45.3%, up 180 basis points year-on-year. Software continues to improve 
with ROIC at 21.8%, up 396 basis points year-on-year. 
Let me share the details on our strong cash generation now: 
Over the last 12 months, Operating Cash Flow is at $2.62 billion, while Free Cash 
Flow amounted to $2.48 billion. Operating Cash Flow to Net Income conversion 
is at 133%, and Free Cash Flow to Net Income is at 125%. The balance sheet 
continues to strengthen with gross cash at $3.56 billion and net cash at $3.29 
billion. This cash generation is on the back of our continued improved DSO 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
performance. Our total DSO, including unbilled, is currently at 78 days, an 
improvement of four days quarter-on-quarter and one day year-on-year basis. 
For our shareholders, the diluted EPS for the last 12 months came in at Rs. 62.57, 
which is up 0.9% year-on-year. The Board has declared an interim dividend of 
Rs. 12 per share for the quarter. The record date is 17th October 2025. Payment 
date of the same shall be 28th October 2025. That brings our 12-month payout 
to Rs. 60 per share, effectively distributing 95.7% of our net income. 
Now on the guidance: 
On the back of standout quarter and sustained growth momentum, we are 
raising our full-year Services revenue growth guidance to 4%-5% in constant 
currency terms. Given the softness in Software segment, due to decline in 
perpetual license revenue, we are keeping the company-level guidance 
unchanged at 3%-5% in constant currency terms. We remain on track to deliver 
our full-year EBIT margin guidance of 17%-18%. The wage revision cycle will kick 
in Q3, the revision is expected to be similar as last year. Q3 is expected to have 
70-80 basis point impact and Q4 to have an incremental impact of 40-50 basis 
point. The impact is baked into our margin guidance. 
That's all from my side for now. I would like to hand over the session to our 
moderator for Q&A session. Thank you. Over to you, Dorwin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
Moderator: 
Our first question comes from the line of Abhishek Pathak from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Hi, team. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a solid quarter. CVK, 
very encouraging to see Advanced AI revenue broken out. Quite curious to know 
how are these revenues being offered to clients? Are they mostly through 
standalone POCs or standalone projects or are they embedded into a bread-
and-butter business? That's one. And secondly, how do you see HCLTech's 
revenue mix evolve over the next 3 to 4 years? Do we expect IPs to contribute 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
more and more percentage of our revenues? And if that's the case, how do you 
see our R&D expenses go up considering we will be competing head-on with a 
lot of the rich world OEMs in their own backyard? And lastly, a question on 
margins for Shiv. On the restructuring charges, would we expect a similar sort 
of quantum of hit over the next couple of quarters as well? That's all from my 
side. Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Abhishek, for a lot of interesting questions and first is Advanced AI. 
It's got a number of different ways of billing. For example, a lot of inference 
silicon build work are more fixed price projects which we take with clients and 
deliver. It has got a lot of scaling and reusable components. That's number one. 
And for example, for the AI Factory, the implementation could be even time and 
material, but there is a run piece which is based on per rack. Then there are a lot 
of custom AI solutions that we are building for our clients, which is continuing 
to be contracted in the traditional ways. Most of them in some kind of a fixed 
price model, because we also leverage some solution accelerator there. But 
there could be a number of time and material also. On top of it, there is an IP 
element. Like, for example, AI Force is being used in the SDLC transformation. 
The AI Force has got a licensing price list, and that's what we are considering as 
Advanced AI revenue. All the services that are being delivered is not considered 
in this category. There are a couple of small products in HCL Software. They are 
also being sold as IPs. So, right now, the IP component is small.  
Now, going into your next question, on what do we expect our IP trajectory to 
evolve. We believe this industry will have to evolve from being a pure labor-
based service provider to people plus IP and platform-based service provider. 
When you have the platform as a third-party platform, there is very little 
leverage, very little stickiness that we can build. And we can really deliver very 
good quality vertical IP solutions, which can be replicated across customers. So, 
that is why we are investing. However, the investment that is required to create 
that intelligence layer, that's not something we are taking on ourselves. We are 
leveraging the intelligence layer created by OpenAI and Llama and other tech 
companies. We are creating IPs, which make this intelligent layer a lot more 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
usable, scalable and relevant for the enterprise. This is the sweet spot we are 
focused on, and everything goes through a rigorous exercise. We are open to 
invest. We don't have a full picture on how much investment this will need, but 
this is required for the long-term vibrancy of the business and is a very good 
investment to make. We have already identified a few products. AI Force is, what 
I would strongly call, the killer app, which is really making a lot of big deals 
happen. We are competing head-on with all the big players who have a lot of AI 
mindshare. We have been able to showcase the technical depth of the product. 
Especially when the client evaluates by getting their hands dirty, we come out 
winners. So, it's a strong proposition. It's a big strategic initiative for us. We will 
not hesitate to make the right investments to make this a big success. I don't 
have a revenue number as to what our IP will be, but for sure, it is going to 
consistently increase in our services portfolio.  
Abhishek Pathak: 
That's very helpful.  
Shiv Walia: 
So, regarding restructuring, Abhishek, in July, we announced around 40 basis 
point impact of restructuring for the full year. We expect this to be slightly on 
the higher side for the full year based on visibility we have right now. As you 
would have noticed, we started this exercise in Q2, and this will continue 
through Q3, and we expect to have some spillover in Q4 as well.  
Abhishek Pathak: 
Got it. Perfect. Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
And the list of IPs is already called out in our Investor Release for your reference. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please 
go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi. Thank you and congrats on pretty broad-based growth. So, the first question 
is on the EBIT margin. When adjusted for that 55 basis points of restructuring, 
you are almost back at your 18% to 19% range, and you should surely get some 
cost benefits from restructuring going into next year. The question I had is how 
much will the benefit be once you finish the restructuring? On a structural basis, 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
how much margin improvement should we factor in because of the 
restructuring? 
Shiv Walia: 
As we said, we have given the guidance for this year, 17% to 18%. At the time of 
lowering the guidance last quarter, we talked about one-offs which are hurting 
us. We also clarified that we are not structurally lowering our margin band. But 
in terms of what it is going to be next year, we would like to address that 
question when we give our next year guidance in April. 
Ravi Menon: 
That is fair, but just trying to understand what's the benefit that you're expecting 
to get- is it 20 bps, 30 bps?  
Shiv Walia: 
It's difficult to call out. Some of the one-offs we talked about, we have recouped 
the benefits. The restructuring process is still on. We have just started this 
exercise in this quarter. It's going to continue for next quarter and maybe it is 
going to spill over to Q4 also. So, it's difficult to exactly pinpoint the benefit we 
are going to get. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Ravi, we will definitely transparently call this out during the Q4 numbers 
because there are a lot of moving parts. So, we will definitely provide 
transparency around that. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you. I understand that only part of it is employees and part of it is rentals 
and things like that. The other question is, a lot of people have been worried 
about the impact of AI on the existing book of business. If I understood correctly, 
the most impact is happening in the area of development where Gen AI plays a 
really significant improvement in productivity of coding. But in the more IT 
outsourcing side of things, whether it's infrastructure or application 
maintenance, do we see a significant pressure on the existing book of business? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I called it out in the Investor Day. We think the biggest impact is on the BPO 
business, which could be as much as 40% to 50%. In SDLC, 25% to 30% is what 
we think is doable with a lot of maturity. In IT Ops, application support and 
maintenance, it will be 10% to 15%, but it also depends on where you are in the 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
automation journey. In the infrastructure and application operations, a lot of 
work can be automated by the traditional machine learning, AI and rule-based 
automation. But if you have fully leveraged the existing machine learning and 
rule-based automation, then incremental impact can be 10% or 15%. So, this is 
the direction and you know the mix of our business. Some of this will play out 
over a longer period of time. Like with software development, even if we are able 
to deliver 25% to 30%, but to scale for the entire 1000 or 2000 people in large 
setups, it takes significant amount of time. It could run into a couple of years. 
So, this productivity will be realized over a period of time. But certainly, there is 
a good headroom in improving either velocity or productivity, whichever way 
you want to look at it. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you again. Are you seeing, where you have passed it on, is there enough 
elasticity in the demand to more than offset it? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I think the biggest demand elasticity is in modernization. While discretionary 
spend is whatever it is, we are seeing a number of programs which are coming 
up based on legacy modernization. Like we called out a very large legacy 
modernization program for Ericsson in our Investor Release and a very large 
European retailer as well. They were probably not even looking at these 
programs a year ago. With a lot of conviction and proof point on what can be 
done, they are much more open. And now these are close to $100 million plus 
programs, which is quite big from a discretionary spend perspective. This is 
where the demand might open up as we see more and more success. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks a lot once again One last clarification. I know that you do not include 
renewals in your TCV, but even with a scope expansion, do you even include the 
expansion of scope, like say, the renewal of Volvo, would any scope 
enhancement be factored into the TCV? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes. Any new revenue coming in scope expansion gets added into booking 
numbers.  
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much. Best of luck. 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from 
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Hi, CVK and team. Congrats on a good quarter. As the largest IMS player 
globally, how do you see the need for enterprise data center refresh as we go 
through the AI upgrade cycle? And what would our play be in this value chain? 
Will we continue to focus only on the managed services piece or are we willing 
to now offer services on co-location and cloud service provider modes as well? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
We strongly believe in an asset light business model. There are enough 
opportunities in the current world to do a very good asset-light business scale 
up. Our direction is actually going slightly in the reverse. We are going to build 
more IPs and monetize IPs. Of course, this AI Factory is all about servicing large, 
mega, & giga data centers that are being set up by large tech players. That in 
itself is a huge services opportunity. It is getting very specialized and, 
fortunately, we have one big program, which we are managing for one of the 
large tech companies. It can expand and there are at least 20 such players and 
sovereigns and some enterprises who are building this. So, that can be a big 
opportunity without having to invest in big assets and data centers and real 
estate. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Sure, sir. And just a follow up. So, if you look at the IMS cycles, they have their 
own rhythm, a little bit different from the app development and modernization. 
So, do you see the next up cycle in the IMS space beginning anytime soon, partly 
led by this CPU to GPU upgrade of the existing data centers? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, we are seeing some traction. From an enterprise side, it's still not picked up 
in a big way. But there are some Edge use cases, where we see Edge Compute 
with GPUs becoming relevant. I think it's early days to look for a large cycle of 
enterprise upgrade of CPUs to GPUs. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Sure, sir. Thanks, and all the very best for the future. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Sudheer. 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM 
Financial Limited. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Hi, good evening, and good insight on our AI strategy and progress. I have one 
question on bookings. CVK, you mentioned that we are proactively 
cannibalizing the existing business and also in some of the SOWs that we have 
got renewal, the existing SOWs seem to have been offset through new scope, 
etc. Now, in that context, I just want to understand how relevant is the net new 
number? Because it is coming at the expense of renewals, so maybe some color 
on how has the overall deal bookings growth has been? And if we can, going 
ahead, provide full TCV that would give us the full picture of renewal plus net 
new. That is the only question from myself. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
We track renewals very closely internally, but we are not ready with the numbers 
to share. But from a growth perspective, it is the net new booking, which 
matters. And obviously, there is dependence on some ramp downs, which has 
been quite stable. We don't see anything unusual now. So, our net new booking 
will be a very good correlation for growth. Now, the renewal deflation, I called 
out last quarter in 8 of the 9 deals, we got additional business. This time, we 
called out among the top 10, only 5 of them gave us additional business. Other 
5 of them had specific SOWs, which saw some deflation. But what is comforting 
is these are large clients of us. One segment of the work, there is some deflation. 
And there is a lot of book of business that we can consolidate with these large 
clients based on the proof points of proactively delivering AI-led productivity. I 
think that is a very good indicator for you to see how things are playing out. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure, maybe just quick follow up on this. So, net new has been around $2 billion 
for a couple of years. Now, compared to the past, where probably the deflation 
was not as much in renewal, should we look at slightly higher net new run rate 
to assume similar growth as we have seen in the past? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, we had mentioned that we want to up our run rate from $2 billion to in and 
around $2.5 billion. That is something which we have been working with a lot of 
rigor and science behind it. We think we will get there soon. This quarter 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
obviously was $2.6 billion without a mega deal. Pipeline is good. Our win ratios 
are good, and we are well set up for a $2.5 billion kind of run rate. Of course, this 
can always have spikes sometimes. But on a run rate basis, we feel good about 
achieving. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. And congrats on a solid performance. 
CVK, just a couple of questions from my side. Just wanted to pick your brains on 
the auto vertical. I think the manufacturing vertical seems to have kind of lifted 
a bit from the last quarter, but where exactly do we see that? Do you still see 
weakness in the auto segment, especially in European markets? And what is our 
outlook for that segment, let us say within the next 2-3 quarters, do you think 
the weakness will persist? I will just follow-up that to the next question if you 
can answer that? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, auto vertical pipeline continues to look very strong. But decision making is 
just not happening. It is taking its own time. Some of the opportunities are 
replacing incumbents. So, they are all taking a long time. But given the stress in 
the industry, it is only a matter of time when we see some large outsourcing 
possibilities, but we have to wait it out. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. So, nothing around the corner at least at this point of time as we see it?  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, I would agree with you. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Sure. Just my last question on the headcount numbers. Given, we were the first 
one to have started calling out our AI revenues, how do you see the overall 
headcount evolve, let us say for the company or for the industry, over the next, 
not just quarter, over the next 2-3 years with the advent of AI? Do you think we 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
will be able to do more with less? Do you think the headcount number where we 
are today could actually be the same number we might be looking at maybe 2 
or 3 years down the line with very limited net new additions from the current 
levels. If you can give some color on that, that would be really great? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, it is directly a factor of growth. If you see our revenue in the last couple of 
years, we have grown 4%-5% and our headcount has not grown. So, that gives 
you a sense there is some non-linearity playing out. Even this quarter, in revenue 
growth and headcount, there is at least 1.5% or 1% difference. And when you take 
a year-on-year, there is a 1.8% increase in revenue per employee. So, that is the 
kind of uptick that we expect to see. It should gradually improve as we create 
more platforms, more IP, more solution and Services-as-a-Software 
propositions with Agentic and other tools. We believe there is certain non-
linearity. Even if you are able to achieve 1% differential every quarter, it will start 
adding up to a meaningful non-linear pattern. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Thank you so much for taking my question and I wish you all the best. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Surendra from Citi. Please 
go ahead. 
Surendra: 
Yes, hi. Good evening, CVK. Good evening, Shiv. Good quarter. And thanks for 
all the details that you shared. I just had a couple of questions. Firstly, this was 
asked earlier, but you said that out of top 10 renewals, 5 had increased scope, 
increased ACV. So, possible to give a sense of what the aggregate trend for 
those 10 deals would have looked like? What kind of growth in ACV would it 
have translated for all of those 10 deals put together? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Surendra, we don't have the numbers ready, and we didn't intend to share. This 
was only to give a directional view of our proactive approach of pursuing the 
clients to implement AI in a very meaningful way. We are also tracking to get 
some comfort if our hypothesis of proactively driving this, will drive more 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
mindshare and more wallet share. At this point, we feel confident, but the 
difference is not every service provider is being proactive. A lot of providers are 
defensive as well, and that in itself is an opportunity for us. 
Surendra: 
Well, fair enough, CVK. And is it reasonable to say that in the 5 instances where 
you gained share, it would have come from peers in the industry? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes. And maybe some things might have been in-house as well. In Financial 
services, it is a meaningful gain share, which is reflected in our 11% growth. 
Surendra: 
Understood. And last question on H1B, as you and your competitors, all try to 
localize and I understand that you are more localized than your peer group, but 
everybody tries to localize. Do you expect this to be some kind of a margin 
headwind as we go into next year? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, it is definitely something to watch out for, because obviously this trend will 
mean some higher investments in training, local hiring and related aspects. 
From a wage perspective, there is very little difference, but for availability, we 
will have to see how we will manage it. Fortunately, the dependence is very low, 
so that way we feel comfortable. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. CVK, in one of the replies of the AI impact on 
the different horizontals, you called out it will take another 2-3 years, because 
there are new things which need to be done before AI can be scaled up by 
enterprises like modernization and other stuff. So, in that scenario, is it fair to 
assume that in the next 2-3 years, AI can be additive in terms of demand rather 
than deflating? And the second question is on EBIT margin. This year, we have a 
lot of one-offs. So, why we are still not seeing that the next year we can be back 
to 18%-19% EBIT margin? What holds you back to commit that? Because we are 
doing better in terms of margin even in this quarter, including one-offs? 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So, Sandeep, I think you were a little confused on this modernization thing. 
Modernization is an independent stream. What I mentioned about scaling in the 
existing SDLC landscape is to get a small group of people, fully use leverage, 
train them and measure productivity, ensure that we are getting the productivity 
and the entire change management for a large software development 
organization. That is why I am saying it is going to take a couple of years. 
Modernization continues to be a separate motion. A lot of customers are looking 
at modernization. This is definitely an additive in terms of overall revenue for the 
industry. Now, with all puts and takes, where will it land depends on what the 
portfolio one has and you have a sense of our portfolio, so that is broadly where 
it is. 
Shiv Walia: 
Just to add, Sandeep, we are on track to recoup the margins we have 
emphasized in the last quarter, like one-off reversals and improved utilization. 
However, our clear focus is to cement our position as industry growth leader 
during this tectonic shift in the industry. And to that end, we will prioritize 
investment in AI to help us grow with disciplined margins. As mentioned earlier, 
we will call out the margins when we do our FY27 guidance in April. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. C. Vijayakumar - CEO 
and MD- for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
In closing, we are energized by our performance in the quarter gone by, and we 
are confident of our trajectory for the rest of the year. Thank you for your 
continued support. Wishing you and your families a very Happy Diwali and 
joyous festive season ahead. Good evening and take care. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HCLTech, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 

 
HCLTech 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
(This document has been edited for readability and is not a verbatim record) 
