 
12th November, 2025  
 
The Manager - Listing 
BSE Limited 
BSE Code: 501455 
The Manager – Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
NSE Code: GREAVESCOT 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the quarterly earnings call for the quarter and half year ended 30th 
September, 2025 
 
In furtherance to our intimation dated 30th October, 2025, please find enclosed the Transcript 
of the quarterly earnings call for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2025. The 
transcript is also available on the Company’s website at www.greavescotton.com.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Greaves Cotton Limited 
 
 
 
Atindra Basu 
Group General Counsel & Company Secretary 
Membership No: F13799 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
  
 
 
Atindra 
Nath Basu
Digitally signed by Atindra Nath Basu 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7671, 
2.5.4.20=738bbb4dae14d7a194488652
55914e549b258b83e2220e1134a8fbac
70540372, postalCode=400610, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6a739644895d9b71ab9
0ddae772bf6e6c81895bc67767c20ff2c
a9a68623f8a4, cn=Atindra Nath Basu 
Date: 2025.11.12 12:42:37 +05'30'

GREAVE 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
GREAVES 
  
 
 
 
 
Greaves Cotton Limited 
 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Representatives: 
Parag Satpute – Managing Director & Group CEO, GCL 
Akhila Balachandar – CFO, GCL 
Vikas Singh – Managing Director, GEML 
 
 
 
 

2 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Greaves Cotton Limited Q2 and 
H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call.  
We have with us today Mr. Parag Satpute as Managing Director and Group CEO; 
Ms. Akhila Balachandar, CFO, GCL; and Mr. Vikas Singh, Managing Director, 
GEML.  
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for an interactive question-and-answer 
session. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the results presentation shared with you earlier.  
Further, as you are aware, Greaves Electric Mobility Limited has filed a Draft Red 
Herring Prospectus with the capital markets regulator, SEBI, to raise funds to an IPO. 
All discussions in this call with regards to this entity may be read in conjunction with 
and be limited to the said DRHP. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parag Satpute. Thank you, and over to you, 
Mr. Satpute. 
Parag Satpute: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining us today. Let 
me tell you how we are going to conduct this session. I will start off giving you an 
update on our business for the last quarter for the Greaves Cotton Limited's core 
businesses. I will then hand over to Mr. Vikas Singh, who will take you through the 
performance of Greaves Electric. Akhila will follow that with a financial roundup of 
the business and then I am going to come on again to talk about our new strategy, 
something which we had promised to tell you during our last investor calls. 
 
Let me start with this quarter. The quarter marked another phase of steady progress 
for us. We executed well, strengthened our portfolio and continue to invest in future-
ready technologies. Even in a dynamic environment, our businesses sustained 
momentum backed by operational excellence and disciplined capital management. 
 
Now as we move into the second half, the outlook stays positive across most of our 
lines of business. For the automotive and genset, demand remains healthy, helped 
by infrastructure spending, rising urban activity and industrial recovery. Also, 
agriculture and construction are improving with a good monsoon, while mining and 
urban infrastructure stayed strong. Of course, in the management, we are keeping 
an eye on the pace of projects on rural sentiment and the interest rate trends. But 
our diversified portfolio gives us resilience to manage this shift confidently. 
 
Let me talk about the segments one by one now. In the Automotive Engine segment, 
the demand for the 3-wheelers and small commercial vehicles continued to revive, 
which is supported by stable fuel prices and better fleet utilization. The move towards 
cleaner fuels, which is CNG, LPG and electric, is gradual, and it is fully aligned with 
our strategy of building a fuel-agnostic powertrain portfolio, which serves not just 
today's mobility but also tomorrow's. 

3 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
 
Our genset business is also strengthening, and our market share is now around 4%, 
thanks to very reliable products and a widening customer reach. Our industrial 
engines, both the single and multi-cylinder platforms continue to power diverse 
applications such as construction, agriculture, firefighting, marine and industrial. 
 
Moving to Excel. We had a stable quarter there. Within that portfolio, the domestic 
business built on strong partnerships with OEMs grew quite well. New orders came 
in from automotive, construction equipment and marine OEMs. Also, the key capex 
projects, which we have started were completed on schedule and are now ready to 
generate new business. Excel is also increasing efforts to expand globally, especially 
to balance the dependence we have had on a concentrated geography. What is 
heartening is margins remain healthy at roughly 27%. 
 
Overall, for GCL, exports continues the strong run. It is led by the Euro V+ plus 
automotive engines. Our collaboration with a company called Ligier, which is a 
leading European microcar OEM has developed very well, and it showcases 
Greaves' engineering ability and quality of our products. I'm happy to say that exports 
now forms a double-digit share of our revenues across GCL and Excel and the new 
discussions we have ongoing with global OEMs are expected to translate into more 
long-term high-margin programs. 
 
Coming to technology. We are also investing in advanced technologies such as 
multi-fuel gensets and rare-earth-free motors. Our partnership with Chara 
Technologies to enhance sustainability and cost efficiency is developing quite well. 
 
Within the retail and aftermarket, while the diesel 3-wheeler spares saw some short-
term softness, our focus stayed on expanding the network and strengthening our 
channels to deepen our customer engagement. Within retail, the institutional sales, 
particularly to railways, grew strongly year-on-year. 
 
Financially, Greaves Cotton remains net cash positive. We continue to invest in 
capacity expansion, in modernization and new product development, which ensures 
readiness for the next cycle of growth. Our R&D engine is also running strong. It is 
focused on fuel-agnostic products, EV powertrain components and hybrid systems. 
 
Demand for our Euro V+ single cylinder engine for micro cars remains robust. Our 
CPCB IV+ genset range is fully rolled out and is seeing a very encouraging response. 
And finally, the integration of Excel's precision engineering is helping us to speed up 
validation and improve time to market and this is an advantage for us as we scale. 
 
I'm now going to hand over to Vikas to talk about the Greaves Electric business. 
Over to you, Vikas. 
Vikas Singh: 
Thank you, Parag. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us 
today on our earnings call. I will provide a brief overview of Greaves Electric Mobility 
performance and recent exciting developments before we open the floor for your 
questions. I'm pleased to share an update on our performance for the second quarter 
and H1 FY26. 
 
The last 6 months have been a period of steady progress for Greaves Electric 
Mobility, reflecting our continued focus on execution, efficiency and further 
strengthening and enhancing our customer trust. In the electric 2-wheeler segment, 
VAHAN volumes grew by 54% year-on-year in H1 FY26 led by product enhancement 
and network expansion. 

4 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
 
Our market share continued to improve from 3.2% last year to 4.2% this year with 
the following regional positions, 12% share in Tamil Nadu, which is a very big market, 
14% share in Bihar and 6% share in Orissa during Q2. 
 
The Ampere Nexus and Magnus Grand have played a key role in driving this growth. 
The Magnus Grand launched this quarter at a price point of about Rs. 90,000 with 
our next-generation electric family scooter, featuring a durable LFP battery, 5-
year/75,000 warranty included and advanced new brake technology, new digital 
cluster and premium dual tone colors with gold badging. This has been a clear 
success for us and has helped us build our share and our position in this very 
sensitive and large segment. 
 
Meanwhile, the Ampere Nexus, which has been recognized by the India Book of 
Records for being the first electric scooter to reach 13,200 feet at the Shipki La Pass 
now comes with smart connectivity features such as map mirroring, music/call alerts 
and performance insights, thereby enhancing the overall rider experience. 
 
On the 3-wheeler L5 front, the business has maintained steady momentum with L5 
VAHAN volumes up 9% year-on-year. Our ELTRA City Xtra, the EV solution in L5 
has been recognized by the India Book of Records for a 324-kilometer journey on a 
single charge range and offering IoT features. These achievements highlight our 
commitment to innovation, sustainability and inclusive electric mobility, driving India's 
shift towards a cleaner future. 
 
Technologically speaking, Greaves Electric Mobility is now amongst the first OEMs 
in India to fully transition to the 100% LFP battery technology across its EV portfolio, 
thereby enhancing safety, thermal stability and life cycle value. We continue to invest 
in IoT-enabled scooters and battery swapping solutions with over 850-plus vehicles 
deployed in Delhi NCR under our fleet partnership programs. 
 
A key highlight of the quarter was our All India Supplier Vision Summit 2025, which 
brought together key partners across the value chain to further align on quality, 
innovation and supply chain excellence, which is so critical to our future and thereby 
ensuring our ecosystem is future-ready for the next phase of EV adoption. 
 
Looking ahead, our focus will remain on profitable and sustainable growth. We are 
expanding our retail presence in North and West India while continuing to strengthen 
our presence in South and East regions. Internationally, we have already established 
a footprint in Nepal and are evaluating opportunities for exporting our products to 
countries such as Sri Lanka for EV 2-wheelers and regions in Africa for 3-wheelers. 
 
In summary, H1 FY26 reflects steady progress for Greaves Electric Mobility, 
combining execution, innovation and customer focus. With our brand portfolio 
globalized and technology-driven approach, we are confident of continuing to be one 
of the players in India's transition to clean, connected and affordable electric mobility. 
 
That concludes my remarks. I would now hand over to Akhila for the next part of this 
call. Thank you. 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Thank you, Vikas. Good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to all the 
participants on this call. I'm very pleased to share that Greaves Cotton has delivered 
a healthy and resilient performance during the second quarter and first half of FY26. 
This reflects the continued success of our transformation journey and the disciplined 
execution of our strategic initiatives. 

5 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
 
During the quarter, our consolidated revenues stood at Rs. 815 crore, increased 16% 
year-on-year. For the first half of FY26, consolidated revenue reached Rs. 1,561 
crore, reflecting a 16% year-on-year growth, driven by broad-based growth across 
businesses and consistent execution across markets. Our profitability metrics 
improved significantly during this period. 
 
Q2 FY26 standalone revenue of Rs. 552 crore with EBITDA of Rs. 78 crore and PBT 
of Rs. 75 crore. The standalone revenue grew 18% year-on-year, while EBITDA 
increased 32% year-on-year, resulting in a 160 bps improvement in margins. For H1 
FY26, our standalone revenue stood at Rs. 1,092 crore with an EBITDA of Rs. 152 
crore and PBT of Rs. 151 crore, reflecting a 44% year-on-year growth in PBT and 
210 bps expansion in EBITDA margins, supported by strong export demand, deeper 
market reach, robust aftersales network and ongoing cost optimization initiatives. 
 
Our Engineering businesses continued its steady momentum, registering a year-on-
year growth of 31% with revenue of Rs. 406 crore and H1 growth of 30%. This 
performance underscores the strength of our diversified portfolio, operational agility 
and strong market positioning. 
 
The Automotive business recorded broad-based momentum, led by a 48% year-on-
year increase. This was driven by increase in demand for our Euro V+ engines from 
our European automotive OEM partnerships. The genset business witnessed 24% 
growth, and there was a continued momentum in non-automotive application of our 
engines. 
 
Greaves Retail reported a revenue of Rs. 146 crore, expanding across Tier 2 and 3 
markets and strengthening its omnichannel model for better customer reach and 
profitability. Following the acquisition of an additional 10% stake in Excel 
Controlinkage, our shareholding in Excel has now increased to 80%. Excel reported 
revenues of Rs. 57 crore in Q2 and Rs. 117 crore in H1, while maintaining double-
digit EBITDA margins. The combined GCL and Excel revenue stood at Rs. 608 crore 
and EBITDA for Q2 stood at Rs. 91 crore with a robust margin of 15% plus. 
 
The Electric Mobility division delivered strong results, resulting in Rs. 199 crore of 
revenue in Q2 and Rs. 336 crore in H1, driven by new product launches, portfolio 
mix and cost efficiency. Greaves Finance grew its AUM, including co-lending to Rs. 
380 crore. Together, these businesses continue to drive sustainable, profitable 
growth and strengthen our position in the evolving mobility ecosystem. Our ongoing 
focus on margin enhancement, cost discipline and working capital efficiency 
continues to yield results. 
 
ROCE remains healthy at 30% plus, reflecting prudent capital management and 
strong returns from operations. Our financial position remains robust with the 
company continuing to be net debt positive. Our capital allocation priorities remain 
consistent by investing in growth businesses, maintaining a strong balance sheet 
and delivering shareholder value. Looking ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic 
and focused on profitable growth, innovation and execution excellence. 
 
With this, I invite Parag back to talk about the new business strategy for Greaves 
Cotton. 
Parag Satpute: 
Thank you very much, Akhila, and hello, everyone, again. As you know, I had joined 
this company 6 months ago and during the last investor call, many of you were 
curious about any refresh to our strategy, and we have promised to share more 
details with you this time. I've been very energized and excited working with the team 
over the past few months in putting together the next phase of transformation and 
growth for Greaves Cotton Limited. 

6 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
 
See, over the past few years, we have been reshaping Greaves Cotton thoughtfully 
and deliberately and with a long-term view of where our industry and our customers 
are headed. This transformation has been both disciplined and purposeful, and it is 
built on strengthening our capabilities and deepening our customer orientation. 
 
Today, I'm excited to introduce GREAVES.NEXT. This is the name of a new strategy 
that builds on our strengths, focuses our efforts and positions us to deliver long-term 
value to our customers, partners and shareholders. 
 
We are on a path to become a trusted future-ready engineering company, which is 
built on sustainable technologies and on reliable products and customer-centric 
solutions. If we look back before FY16, Greaves was largely a single product-led 
company with much of the success coming from our 3-wheeler auto engines 
business. We recognize that to stay relevant, we needed to diversify. 
 
Since then, we have broadened our portfolio, a transformation which has been 
achieved through a combination of organic growth and selective inorganic 
expansion. This today has given us a strong foundation with new capabilities, new 
markets and a far more resilient business portfolio. Now we stand ready to embark 
on the next phase of the transformation journey. 
 
As we move forward, our focus is very clear. While our investee companies of 
Greaves Electric and Greaves Finance will continue to pursue their growth 
ambitions, the core of Greaves Cotton Limited will remain centered on building a 
trusted future-ready engineering company. 
 
At the heart of this foundation lie 3 enduring cornerstones, you could say the DNA of 
Greaves Cotton, which is reliable products, sustainable technologies and customer-
centric innovation. These principles guide where we will focus and what we will build 
and also how we will build it through GREAVES.NEXT. 
 
For the GCL core businesses, we are focusing our efforts towards a few areas of 
interest, which will drive our growth for the coming years. First, Energy Solutions. 
This represents one of the most exciting opportunities for the group. For this 
segment, we will deliver dependable, high-efficiency power solutions and drive 
meaningful growth across our end markets. 
 
Secondly, Mobility area. Building on decades of expertise in powering vehicles 
across segments, the businesses focused in this area now represent a diversified 
fuel-agnostic mobility portfolio that delivers reliable and efficient transportation 
choices. 
 
Third, Industrial Solutions. For this area, we focus on specialized industrial 
applications that demand consistent performance, durability and precision 
engineering. This combines our domain expertise with innovation and allows us to 
deliver enduring value to our customers. We believe these focus segments will form 
the foundation of Greaves Cotton's next phase of growth, providing balance and 
resilience across our portfolio. 
 
So how is the road map to FY30 build? We have 3 strategic dimensions, each 
reinforcing the other and defining how we will grow. The first dimension is 
accelerating our core. As you have seen over the last few quarters, we have a very 
solid core business. This dimension is about deepening and growing our existing 
businesses, where we already have a strong market presence, and we enjoy 
customer trust and have proven products. 

7 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
 
For example, in energy, we are strengthening our aftermarket business, expanding 
our service network and building a stronger service capability, which will help 
improve uptime for customers. Similarly, in the mobility area, we are working very 
closely with OEMs to enhance quality, reliability and delivery performance. So that's 
what we call accelerating our core. 
 
The second dimension is building new muscle onto this core. This is about 
developing the next layer of capabilities. These are new products, new technologies 
and opening new market opportunities, which will add differentiated strengths and 
unlock fresh revenue streams for Greaves Corp. Citing another example from the 
mobility area, we aim to develop a contract manufacturing business that leverages 
our manufacturing excellence and which helps us serve OEMs in a better way. 
 
In the Industrial Solutions area, another example, we are expanding into adjacent 
categories where our design and production strengths can be applied to new 
customer needs. Together, these first 2 dimensions of accelerating the core and 
building new muscle will form the engine of the organic growth for Greaves Cotton. 
We expect these 2 dimensions to deliver a sustained revenue growth of around 16% 
to 20% CAGR over the next 4 to 5 years. 
 
Let me now come to the third dimension, which is expanding into new horizons. This 
dimension complements the first 2 through selective and strategic M&A and 
partnerships. This will allow us to acquire completely new revenue streams, new 
skills and technologies or expand our geographic reach to enhance our core and to 
accelerate our overall transformation. These opportunities will be pursued selectively 
where our engineering DNA and manufacturing strength give us the right to win and 
where there is a clear long-term value potential. 
 
By FY30, we expect this 3-dimensional strategy to make Greaves Cotton a company 
with: one, a larger, more balanced portfolio led by energy solutions as the key growth 
engine; create sharper focus on technology, quality and sustainability across every 
product line; and have a broader global footprint, which is driven by exports and also 
by partnerships. 
 
This growth will be anchored in disciplined capital allocation as we have 
demonstrated. We will continue investments in innovation and a strong customer 
orientation. Across all of these dimensions, our manufacturing capability, supply 
chain and engineering depth will be our competitive advantage. 
 
Let me talk about execution now because the success of any strategy depends on 
the execution. To deliver this strategy, we are implementing a very clear operating 
system for execution with each business having defined objectives, clear milestones 
and sharp accountability. We are ensuring a robust governance mechanism aided 
by digital tools and a review cadence to make sure that every initiative translates into 
measurable outcomes. 
 
For this, we have identified key metrics to track our progress against the strategic 
plan. Once these are fully embedded in our internal systems, we intend to share 
updates on these metrics periodically also with this forum as we move forward. 
 
In summary, Greaves Cotton today stands at an important point in its evolution. We 
have diversified our base. We have sharpened our focus and built strong platforms 
for future growth. GREAVES.NEXT represents this next leap in this transformation 
journey. For us, the direction is clear, the priorities are very well defined and the 
whole organization has been aligned to execute. Through GREAVES.NEXT, we will 
not just evolve our portfolio, we will reshape how we think, operate and create value 
for our customers. 

8 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
 
We are very excited to embark on this next phase and look forward to delivering on 
the promise of GREAVES.NEXT. This concludes my narration of the new business 
strategy, and we have also completed the business update. So now I'd like to hand 
over to the moderator to begin the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule Ventures.  
Krisha Kansara: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. My first question is on Excel 
Controlinkage. What we are observing from the last few quarters is that the growth 
has slowed down a bit and margins have also been impacted, especially in this 
quarter, if we see. And you just mentioned that we are also doing the capex in the 
segment. My question is, what is the reason behind the degrowth in the margin 
compression? Is it that the capacity was operating at full utilization and we were not 
able to cater to the orders? Or was there a genuine slowdown in the order book and 
demand from the M&HCV segment? This is my first question. 
Parag Satpute: 
Okay. Thanks for your question, Krisha. Well spotted. And like I explained in my last 
call, the core business of Excel, which is with the heavy commercial vehicles OEMs 
in India is actually going quite well. It is strong and has grown year-on-year compared 
to last year. Where we have seen headwinds is with our export business. We had a 
very heavy dependence on one particular geography in the past years and when that 
geography slowed down, it has had an overall impact on the export. And that also 
explains the margin erosion slightly because the export business was at a higher 
margin. What I would say is the core business remains healthy, strong and continues 
to grow. And we have started now efforts to diversify the export business. But as you 
know, it takes a few quarters for new, especially global business to come on stream. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Right. Let's say, what was the export contribution a year back v/s where does it stand 
as of now? 
Parag Satpute: 
If you look 1.5 years back, our export contribution was anywhere between 35% to 
40%. And now it has reduced down to just under 20%. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Right. But we are focusing on increasing this contribution going forward, right? 
Parag Satpute: 
Indeed, we are focusing on not just increasing but also diversifying it into different 
geographies, and we have already started those discussions, which some are at an 
advanced stage. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Sure. Okay. That is helpful. Sir, my second question is on the Engineering division. 
Our Genset segment grew by close to 25% in this quarter and even if we look at the 
last quarter, it grew by 30%. H1 FY26 has been a very good period for our Engines 
division. 2 questions with respect to this. One, what is the breakup between volume 
and price growth with respect to Genset division? And two, what exactly is driving 
this growth? I understand that we supply majority to residential, commercial and 
industrial sectors. But even within those sectors, what is driving this kind of growth? 
Or is it the case that the entire growth is coming from exports? 
Parag Satpute: 
No, it's not just exports. We have had some interesting export orders, but our main 
growth in the genset business has come from our domestic markets. And a good 
question about where it is coming from. So we have expanded our reach when it 
comes to our genset business. And we have done that to selectively and very in a 
robust way, increasing our distribution network. 

9 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
 
It's also that we are focused very clearly on a few segments where we see a strong 
fit between our product and the needs of the customers. And finally, we are starting 
to improve our aftermarket activities and service. So that overall first drives revenue, 
but secondly, also builds customer confidence. And that is why we are also excited 
about how the genset business will continue to develop in the future. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Right. But what was the volume growth if we look at H1 for genset? 
Parag Satpute: 
Our volumes and revenues have been growing steadily, and we are selling across a 
number of sectors. So actually, it would not make sense to talk about them separately 
in this case. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Okay. Sure. Sir, one question on the retail segment. The quarterly run rate has not 
grown very substantially in the last few quarters. What is the reason for that? And if 
you could give us a breakup of the aftermarket sales as to how much comes from 
auto engine spares, how much comes from the Genset and the EV auto spares? 
 
Because my question is coming from the viewpoint that the original product segment 
is growing very well, but then it is not getting reflected in the subsequent aftermarket 
sales. Of course, you mentioned that the diesel 3-wheeler has seen some kind of 
slowdown, but if you can throw some more light on this retail segment slowdown. 
Parag Satpute: 
Yes. I will answer that question and there are 2 dimensions to that answer, partly 
also related to our new strategy. But let me just give you an explanation of what has 
been happening in the business for the last few quarters. Our main business within 
the retail segment is to do with the auto aftermarket spares and service and that is a 
very solid, healthy business, high margin, which all of you have recognized. But that 
business overall volume has been in a steady decline because as we know, the parc 
of the 3-wheeler vehicles straight after COVID declined sharply. Good news is that 
it is now stabilized and actually, we are tracking that the parc is slowly increasing. 
The impact on the aftermarket business comes a couple of years after when we sell 
the engines. We expect to see that the strong engine sales we have had in the last 
few quarters will start to translate into aftermarket business in subsequent quarters. 
The core business of retail will remain steady and strong and will continue to grow. 
 
Over the last years, and this is also related partly to our new strategy, we had tried 
to diversify into a number of new revenue streams. And those were, you could say, 
strategic initiatives that we had started and those have not performed as well and 
been as strong for us as expected. Within this new strategy and very much in line 
with the dimension of accelerating the core and building new muscle on to the core, 
we have looked very sharply at some of those new initiatives, the ones which connect 
very well with our customer segment and our dealer channel and related to our 
current strength, we have kept and we will continue to do, while some others where 
we did not have a very strong right to win, we have decided to discontinue. And in 
the short-term, of course, it will have some revenue headwinds, but we believe it is 
the right decision because it allows us to focus on the core business. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Sure. With all these initiatives in place, can we assume that the aftermarket segment 
will grow at a CAGR of 10% - 15% in the next few years? 
Parag Satpute: 
It will. The aftermarket segment depends largely on how the overall diesel engine 
part is growing. We expect it to be just under double digits. It will not be beyond 8% 
- 9%. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Sure. Understood. Just one last question, and then I can join back the queue. So we 
are seeing a long-term debt of Rs. 140 crore in this quarter's balance sheet. And last 
quarter on the con call, you mentioned that for the EV business, we took Rs. 60 crore 

10 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
of debt. So from Rs. 60 crore to Rs. 142 crore in this quarter, in which segment have 
we taken this debt one? And what is the rationale behind this debt? 
Parag Satpute: 
Akhila will answer this. 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Thanks, Krisha. I'll take this one. We have, as you see, done a good growth in our 
Greaves Finance business. As end of September, we manage approximately Rs. 
380 crore of book. Of this, approximately Rs. 120 crore - Rs. 130 crore is our own 
book. So we have taken additional loans on our EV finance side, and this has come 
from fairly reputed institutions. We have also done the listing of one of our NCDs and 
therefore, some compliance related to that has also been disclosed in the public 
domain. And therefore, while we are a manufacturing entity, that is a financing arm. 
They take debt, but there is also a corresponding asset sitting on the balance sheet 
with a fairly well-managed asset liability mix going on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Basically, I wanted to understand a few parameters. One is on the rare earth battery 
side, which we are doing with the Chara. Could you give us more clarity on that and 
when we will going to see the revenue and margin synergy? And on the EBITDA 
margin front, are we planning to maintain at the current level? Or is there a target to 
enhance it further, though you have guided on the strategy side. But if you can guide 
on the number side, it will give us a little bit better picture. And on the export front, 
what kind of diversification are we targeting? And is there a time line to reach the 
30% contribution level again? Then I will ask more question. 
Parag Satpute: 
Okay. Let me just recap the question. The first one was about Chara, the second 
was about some EBITDA projections in the new strategic plan. And the third one was 
around exports and I assume you mean Excel exports. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes. 
Parag Satpute: 
But let me start by answering the first one. Chara Technologies, we are very excited 
by that partnership. We have been working closely with them. And we have a 
technological tie-up with them, wherein for one of their products, which is the most 
important one, L5, we have an exclusive partnership with them. The product has 
been developing very positively. We have started advanced trials with some key 
customers, and we expect that in the coming days and months, we will start to 
commercialize that. So that is really positive news and helps us to diversify into this 
very new exciting space. 
 
As regards the EBITDA projections in the new strategy, I already shared that while 
we will grow our top-line from organic activities between 16% and 20% CAGR, we 
are also seeing a very stable portfolio mix development, which allows us to maintain 
our EBITDA levels at where we are today, which is a quite healthy level. And then 
finally, on the export piece, Excel is not just the only place where we are focusing on 
exports. We have multiple opportunities for getting international business across our 
product segments. In fact, within our new organization, we have created a dedicated 
group, which is focused on developing international business. That has just started 
with this new strategy. We expect to see a steady growth slow at first, but then 
picking up very strongly in the subsequent quarters. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. And sir, only like we were also talking about on the auto parts business, India 
aftermarket segment. Like we used to do 30% and now it is below that level. When 
we are targeting to go again, expect to return to pre-COVID levels? 

11 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Parag Satpute: 
The industry itself has changed significantly, and COVID was a big shakeup, well, 
overall the world and industry, but specifically to the micro shared mobility area. And 
since then, we have seen the part of diesel vehicles decline significantly. I don't think 
we are going to be in exactly the same situation as before COVID as the industry. 
What we see is something as the aftermarket demand was slowly declining. That 
has stabilized now and it will start to increase and we have a very strong right to win. 
We have a very strong network and brand recognition there. So we will be able to 
capitalize on this resurgence of demand that we see. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. And also, sir, any update on the Greaves Electric IPO side? 
Parag Satpute: 
Vikas, would you like to chip in for that? 
Vikas Singh: 
Yes, sure, I could do that. As you are aware, we have filed our DRHP, and we are in 
active conversations. The DRHP does prohibit us in terms of making any forward-
looking statements. However, we are in active conversations to try and get the IPO 
underway fairly soon. I'm afraid that's the best I can share at this point in time. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sonal Minhas from Prescient Capital 
Investment Advisors LLP.  
Sonal Minhas: 
I wanted to just understand the GREAVES.NEXT strategy that I think you indicated. 
As a part of this, so should we assume that the electric business and the finance 
business are not core business, and there will be more focus on profitability of these 
businesses and there will be more financial prudence in terms of whether this 
business actually is a viable business to hold retained in the entity? 
Parag Satpute: 
No. I don't think that is the right conclusion. What we have, and I hope you have had 
a chance to download the strategy deck that we have uploaded before the meeting. 
It clearly shows we have a core business and we have investee businesses. And the 
difference is the core business is mainly a B2B business based on engineering. The 
investee business are important for us. They are more consumer-focused 
businesses, so they will be managed with a slightly different way. That I think I want 
to clarify. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay. A follow-up question on this one, sir. What is the path to profitability of that 
particular business, if I may ask directionally because there are now listed peers and 
their numbers are fairly known to public. They have not hit profitability even at, let's 
say, 2x to 3x of the current scale that you are operating at. Are there some ballparks 
we have or you want to share about that particular business? 
Parag Satpute: 
Well, I'm going to ask Vikas to jump in because it is his area of responsibility, but I 
think he already in his previous answer, give you some indication. But Vikas, over to 
you. 
Vikas Singh: 
Sure, Parag. Thanks for that. Once again, I'm afraid I'm constrained by the DRHP to 
share any forward-looking forecast. However, what I would like to say is that this is 
an ultra-high-growth future-facing industry. And such industries call for a fairly heavy 
level of investment in the initial years, which pay back in the subsequent years. I 
think telecom is a case in point as it was 20 years ago. There are a lot of initiatives 
that are underway, which would ensure that there is a clear path to profitability. Once 
again, I'm not in a position to state how much and when. However, we are extremely 
confident and buoyant about this category and which is the reason why we continue 
to invest behind it. I hope that addresses your question. 

12 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Sonal Minhas: 
Regarding the IPO, I don't want to understand the time lines, but I think from broadly 
understanding the past IPO process from a time line and input perspective was kind 
of shell. Is my understanding correct that the new process for IPO has begun or 
restarted? Is that something which you can give us some broader guidance on? 
Vikas Singh: 
Parag, I'll take that. All we can say is that the DRHP was approved on 8th of May. 
You have a 1-year window to affect the IPO, which is till 7th of May. I am not 
commenting at all in terms of what's been done in the past and what we've shared 
and what is underway. All I can say is that there are active conversations underway, 
and we should be on course for something in a reasonable amount of time. That's 
the best I can share at this point in time. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shasank Agarwal from Cisco.  
Shasank Agarwal: 
Hello sir, I had 2 questions. Sir, first, can you please elaborate on the new sensors 
facility that you are planning in Excel? 
Parag Satpute: 
We have invested in a manufacturing location and facility, which allows us to make 
the components that we need within our own products. We are seeing that the whole 
space is about mechanical push pull cables, which is developing towards the 
mechatronics and electronic space. The first step we have taken is to develop in-
house capability to supply the child parts for ourselves and that will open up new 
areas. One very exciting space within that is the marine segment where we see there 
will be opportunities for such mechatronics components. 
Shasank Agarwal: 
Sir, you are not selling it to other customers. It is only for in-house use? 
Parag Satpute: 
As we start, we first use it for captive consumption. We are not ruling out, but our 
first priority is to make sure our products for the marine industry have the high level 
of components that we need. 
Shasank Agarwal: 
Okay. And the second question, sir, can you please highlight the Nexus and Magnus 
sales individually over the past 2-3 months? 
Parag Satpute: 
Vikas, would you like to take that? 
Vikas Singh: 
Once again, I'm not in a position to share details. However, I can tell you that both 
the products are performing extremely well. Magnus is the mainstay of the portfolio. 
However, Nexus is the flagship and is coming through extremely well. I did mention 
in my opening address that we won the product which is scaled Shipki La Pass, that's 
Nexus at 13,200 feet, which is the highest pass in the country, scaled as yet by an 
EV 2-wheeler and that itself shows you the capability and therefore possibilities with 
this particular product. We are extremely confident in terms of building a nice, diverse 
and impactful portfolio for our customers going forward on the strength of both these 
products. 
Shasank Agarwal: 
The motor controller units that you are planning in the Greaves Engineering 
segment, sir, have you commercialized those products. 
Parag Satpute: 
Okay. Right, right. So you were talking about the e-powertrain components, including 
the MCUs that we have been developing. The motor controller units are connected 
to the motors. So for different applications, we have for L2 applications where 
Greaves Electric is our main anchor customer going forward. For the L5 and L3, we 
have other technological partnerships. I already mentioned Chara, and we are 
commercializing the motor plus the controller jointly over the next few years with our 

13 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
existing customers. But over the last few months, we have been actually selling L3 
motors, which includes motors and controllers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sahil Jain from Seven Islands PMS.  
Sahil Jain: 
Just wanted to ask one question. The electric mobility subsidiary that the company 
has, they have been making losses. Any update on that? 
Vikas Singh: 
I'll take that, Parag. I think this question was asked by one of the previous participants 
a short while ago. I did mention that it's a high-growth segment. I did mention that in 
a high-growth segment, we need heavy investments in the initial part of the years, 
which pays back well in the future for later years. We have enough initiatives 
underway, which will ensure that there's a clear path to profitability, and we are 
extremely confident about the future of this portfolio. Unfortunately, the DRHP 
prohibits us from sharing any specific details. I hope that addresses your question. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Deepanshu Aggarwal from AG 
Investments.  
Deepanshu Aggarwal: I just had one question with management. In the last couple of investor presentation, 
management had outlined a plan of achieving around Rs. 15,000 crore to Rs. 16,000 
crore revenue by 2030. Now if I look at H1 FY26, you are at around Rs. 1,500 crore. 
If annualized, it will be around Rs. 3,100 crore, Rs. 3,122 crore. That implies 
management will have to achieve a CAGR of around 50% year-on-year to achieve 
that goal of 2030. Can you give some colors on how do you plan to achieve this 
ambitious target given that your historical growth has not been that great? 
Parag Satpute: 
Yes. Thank you for that question. We had shared that our vision for FY30 was to 
have the number that you said, Rs. 15,000 crore. Today, what I did during the 
GREAVES.NEXT strategy, I clearly outlined for our core businesses, which is a large 
part of our portfolio that we have activities and initiatives in place to grow the top-line 
by 16% - 20% CAGR year-on-year for the next few years. Also, you must have 
noticed that we have a healthy balance sheet, in fact, a strong balance sheet. And 
over the last few years, we have done selective strategic M&As. We will remain open 
now in this next phase of our strategy to do the strategic M&As within the dimension 
of expanding new horizons of our new strategy. 
 
Of course, it is difficult to put an exact number on this M&A and what revenue it will 
bring because it all depends upon the sector and the opportunity that will arise. But 
we believe that the balance sheet that we have, the ability that we have 
demonstrated of integrating acquisitions in the last few years will stand us in a good 
stead. The CAGR of the core businesses added to the M&A strategically that we will 
do, plus the growth of the investee companies should take us towards our stated 
ambition. 
Deepanshu Aggarwal: Okay. We are saying we'll be on the same target, and we are not changing the target. 
We'll achieve that 48% CAGR. 
Parag Satpute: 
We have stated a CAGR of 16% - 20% for our organic growth of the core businesses. 
And that, like I also said during my narration, we are very, very specific about the 
initiatives and the metrics that we will help us to keep track. And periodically, we will 
share it with this group, so you can see how we are developing towards that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company.  

14 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, when we look at the employee cost as a percentage of sales, along with the 
strategy which you have outlined, how should this number behave going ahead? And 
also the buoyancy in the core business, which we have observed for H1, the factors 
that have attributed to the same, is there a likelihood that the same buoyancy in 
terms of the increase in revenue and profitability is expected for H2 going ahead? 
Parag Satpute: 
Like I said during my first talk that the macro conditions for the core businesses 
remain quite healthy and we remain excited about not just the coming quarters, but 
the coming year as well. And that has formed the basis of our strategy, and that's 
why we are aiming for this ambitious growth momentum. Now as regards to the 
employee cost. For me, employee cost is one of the investments that we have to do. 
Alongside, we have to make investments in new products, alongside we have to 
make investments in upgrading our systems, both in manufacturing and across the 
company. We are planning to invest because we believe that will help us to drive this 
growth and initially, we'll see the investments front-loaded, but they will start to 
deliver revenue pretty soon. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And if I may just chip in a small part, sir, once we are through with the 
issuance and all the best to the team, post the process, if you could give some color 
whether this will remain a wholly owned subsidiary or the numbers would be reported 
below the line? Because currently the incremental whatever profitability we have 
generated is getting diluted when we are consolidating our business with Electric 
Mobility segment. Is this understanding correct that once we go through the process, 
the reporting also changes considerably or we will remain to report the numbers in a 
similar manner? 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Yes. Thanks for that question. If you have gone through the DRHP filing, we are 
planning to do a primary raise of Rs. 1,000 crore and also a small portion of OFS. 
Depending on the final outcome of the IPO and how the process moves, we will have 
a far more definitive answer. But yes, that is the strategic thinking that post the IPO, 
we will be below 51% but we will continue to remain significant large shareholders in 
the company. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dhruv Shah with Ambika Fincap 
Consultants Private Limited.  
Dhruv Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just have one question on your Vision 
2030. Parag, you mentioned on the revenue, but can you give us some idea on the 
margins like and on ROCEs, like how is the direction going to be? 
Parag Satpute: 
Thank you, and I'm glad that you are excited by our new GREAVES.NEXT strategy. 
I think I answered this question or mentioned this that we will grow the top-line 16% 
to 20% CAGR, but we have a mix of businesses in segments which are very buoyant 
and attractive, which allows us to believe that our margins will remain broadly in the 
same level. The healthy levels that we have seen in the last few quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Arham Gandhi from Gandhi Family Office.  
Arham Gandhi: 
My question is with respect to the IPO of our electric vehicle division. It has been 6 
months since we received the SEBI approval for our IPO. What is the management's 
thought on this? Are we seeing any substantial demand for this fundraising? I'm 
asking this question because if we look at the segmental data, our Engineering 
business is doing extremely well in terms of growth as well as margins. Our 
consolidated EBIT margin at 17%. If we exclude the EV business, this is a very good 
margin profile for a capital goods company, especially when we are seeing growth 
in each and every subsegment, including auto engines, gensets and Excel. This 
quarter also, EV reported Rs. 50 crore loss, while the other segments reported more 

15 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
than Rs. 100 crore of EBIT? I wanted to ask the management that what exactly are 
we thinking with respect to the EV division? As investors, we are nothing but hopeful 
of the revival of the EV business. But given our current market share of 4%, 
practically, it seems tough for us to compete with players like Ola, Bajaj, Ather. Are 
we planning to shut down this division anytime soon? I would like the management 
to comment on this, please. 
Vikas Singh: 
Sure. I'll take that, Parag. Look, you've got a lot of data points in there. I would just 
like to say we've kind of covered this out previously. The path to the IPO was under 
active conversation and we are hopeful of a decision being taken sometime 
reasonably soon. Unfortunately, I'm unable to share any more details on this at this 
point in time. 
 
As regards to the future of the EV business and the viability of the EV business, like 
I mentioned before, clean mobility solutions is the future. This is very clearly a high-
growth industry. And our presence over here, while it may seem small on a national 
basis and while there has been a reasonable growth in market share v/s last year, I 
would like to just repeat that we have a very high market share in states like Tamil 
Nadu, I did cover that out in the beginning with a 12% share, which is a very big EV 
market. We have 14% share in Bihar, and we have a 6% share in Orissa. So these 
are not small numbers. As we speak, there are also a lot of new technological 
interventions underway, which will continue to ensure that our products receive 
excellent reviews and experience from our customers and should be very well 
accepted in the path going forward. Therefore, there is absolutely no plan to shut 
down the EV business for any reason whatsoever. I'm afraid that's the best I can 
share at this point in time. I hope this addresses your questions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule 
Ventures.  
Krisha Kansara: 
I just have one follow-up question on Excel. You mentioned that the capex will now 
come online. So what is the commissioning time line for that capex? And when can 
we expect it to reach a good 70% - 80% utilization level? 
Parag Satpute: 
The capex I talked about was and I think answered it in one of the questions. One of 
the capex that we did was for that manufacturing facility and testing facility for 
electronic components, which helped to enhance our products going into the marine 
segment. So that is online, on stream and as we speak, we start to supply to our 
internal manufacturing unit, which then increases the business in the marine 
segment. So that is already happening. The other area we invested in was enhancing 
our capability in the rubber components. Again, these rubber components are 
needed for us within our core products of push-pull cables, and that has also gone 
on stream and there, the volumes are already up and running. We have modernized, 
I would say, the rubber facility to ensure we maintain the high quality of our products. 
Krisha Kansara: 
The 2 capex plans that you mentioned for Excel, how much have we spent there? 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Over the last 12 - 18 months, our capex would be in the region of around Rs. 50-plus 
crore across various projects, including automation, some of these improvement 
projects and stuff that Parag was talking about. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kapil Aggarwal from Daksh & Associates.  
Kapil Aggarwal: 
My question is regarding with what kind of market share this quarter we are having 
in our business? And in GREAVES.NEXT, what is our ultimate target, we can say by 
2030, where we see this figure? 

16 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Parag Satpute: 
Can you please repeat the second part of your question? I got the first part about 
market share, and I'll answer that.  
Kapil Aggarwal: 
Second part is like as per GREAVES.NEXT, what is our target by 2030, where we 
see this, we can say, market share from this business? 
Parag Satpute: 
Our market share today, which has grown steadily over the last few quarters is 
around 4%, and we keep tracking it very closely. I already said that energy solutions 
will be a dominant part of our overall product portfolio in this GREAVES.NEXT 
strategy, and that's why we are focused and invested in that. But I don't want to state 
clear market share target because it's competition-sensitive information, you will 
appreciate. 
Kapil Aggarwal: 
Okay. And second question is for electric 2-wheeler segment. Our quarter-on-quarter 
top-line growth is approximately 50%. And in result also, we can see our loss is also 
increased by 25%. What is the reason when we are growing with 50% top-line, so 
why these losses are being increased as well? 
Vikas Singh: 
I think what you would need to see over here are the ratios and not the absolute 
amounts. From a ratio point of view, gross margin and also the loss, we have an 
improvement in performance. We did have a slight slowdown in the month of July, 
primarily because of some challenges in terms of sourcing the motors. You would 
remember there were issues on the rare-earth-free magnets. But that was quickly 
recovered, and we are back on track in terms of volume, top-line and margin growth. 
We don't see that as a cause of concern anymore. 
Kapil Aggarwal: 
Okay. And another thing is that on a consolidated basis, quarter-on-quarter, our net 
worth is reduced by approximately Rs. 100 crore. Why it's like that? 
Parag Satpute: 
Sorry, which legal entity are you referring to? 
Kapil Aggarwal: 
On consolidated basis. 
Parag Satpute: 
Consolidated. Okay. Thank you for your question. Akhila, would you like to take that? 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Yes. This is primarily due to the absorption of losses from the Greaves Electric 
Mobility division on a stand-alone basis.  
Kapil Aggarwal: 
On consol basis, ma'am, we can say in our quarter-on-quarter, we are positive only. 
Why on consol basis, net worth is being reduced by more than Rs. 100 crore? This 
is the question. I understand that on Greaves Electric, we are negative, but on a 
consol basis, we are positive. In quarter 1, our net worth was somewhere around Rs. 
1,600 crore. And in this quarter, it is Rs. 1,500 crore. So approximately more than 
Rs. 100 crore is reduced. 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Let me come back to you with the answer on that. 
Kapil Aggarwal: 
Okay. Sure ma'am. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have 
reached the end of question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Parag Satpute: 
Thank you very much. Once again, thanks for joining this call and for all your 
questions that were very engaging and I'm also happy to say that I was really happy 
to see the response to our new strategy of GREAVES.NEXT. Like I said earlier, the 

17 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
direction for us now is clear in this next phase. We have defined our priorities and 
the whole organization is aligned and excited to execute on these strategies. We 
look forward to delivering on the promise of GREAVES.NEXT and look forward to 
seeing all of you during our next investor call. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Greaves Cotton Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 

18 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
 
GREAVES 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability. 
This transcript contains statements that contain "forward looking statements" including, but without limitation, statements 
relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to Greaves Cotton ("Greaves" or the 
Company) future business developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate 
our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other unknown factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These 
factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements 
in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial 
conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business 
and financial performance. Greaves undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect 
future / likely events or circumstances. 
GREAVES ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite approvals, market conditions 
and other considerations, to make an initial public offering of its equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus 
dated December 23, 2024 (“DRHP”) with SEBI and the Stock Exchanges. The DRHP is available on the website of 
SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in , on the websites of the Stock Exchanges, i.e., BSE and NSE at www.bseindia.com  and 
www.nseindia.com , respectively, on the website of the Company at www.greaveselectricmobility.com  and on the 
websites of the BRLMs, i.e. Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited at www.motilaloswalgroup.com, IIFL Capital 
Services Limited (formerly known as IIFL Securities Limited) at www.iiflcap.com  and JM Financial Limited at 
www.jmfl.com , respectively. Any potential investors should note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree 
of risk. For details, potential investors should refer to the red herring prospectus which may be filed with the Registrar 
of Companies, Tamil Nadu at Chennai in the future. Potential Bidders should not rely on the DRHP filed with SEBI and 
the Stock Exchanges in making any investment decision. 
This announcement does not constitute an invitation or offer of securities for sale in any jurisdiction. The Equity Shares 
have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("U.S. Securities Act"), and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws. Accordingly, the 
Equity Shares are only being offered and sold (i) within the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" (as defined 
in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act) in private transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
U.S. Securities Act, and (ii) outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S and the 
applicable laws of the jurisdiction where those offers and sales occur. There will be no public offering of the Equity 
Shares in the United States. 
 
 
