 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: 3rd Floor, Maker Chambers IV, 222, Nariman Point, Mumbai- 400 021, India 
Phone #: +91-22-3555 5000, Telefax: +91-22-2204 2268. E-mail: investor.relations@ril.com, Website: www.ril.com 
CIN- L17110MH1973PLC019786 
 
 
October 19, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 500325  
 
Trading Symbol: RELIANCE 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:   Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 -
Transcript 
 
Transcript of the discussion on the Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and 
Standalone) of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025, at the 
analyst meet held on October 17, 2025, is attached and also available on the website of the 
Company at https://www.ril.com/investors/events-presentations#webcast-sec. 
 
The analyst meet, conducted physically, concluded at 9:30 p.m. (IST) on October 17, 2025. 
 
This is for information and records.  
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Reliance Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Savithri Parekh 
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Copy to: 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
35A Boulevard Joseph II, 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
Singapore Exchange Limited  
4 Shenton Way, #02-01 SGX Centre 2, 
Singapore 068807 
 
SAVITHRI 
PAREKH
Digitally signed by 
SAVITHRI PAREKH 
Date: 2025.10.19 
22:42:31 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
1 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
RIL Q2 2025 - 2026  
Media & Analyst Call Transcript  
 
17 October 2025  19:43 IST  
 
 
 
Call Participants:  
• 
Sh V Srikanth, CFO, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh Anshuman Thakur, Head of Strategy, Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited 
• 
Sh Dinesh Taluja, CFO & Corporate Development, Reliance Retail 
• 
Sh Kevin Vaz, CEO – Entertainment, JioStar 
• 
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy, President – E&P, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh Srinivas Tuttagunta, COO – Refining & Marketing, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh Amit Chaturvedi, President – Petrochemicals, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh Sriram Ramakrishnan – President – Battery and Energy Systems, Reliance Industries 
Limited 
             
Duration: 01:52:52 minutes 
 
Presentation Link: https://www.ril.com/sites/default/files/2025-
10/RIL_Analyst_Meeting-2Q_FY26.pdf  
 
Meeting Audio: https://www.ril.com/investors/events-presentations#webcast-sec  
 
• Sh V. Srikanth 00:00:04 - 00:05:44 (Group Performance)  
• Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:05:45 - 00:27:58 (Jio Platforms)  
• Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:27:59 - 00:39:24 (Reliance Retail)  
• Sh Kevin Vaz 00:39:25 - 00:45:45 (JioStar)  
• Sh Sanjay Barman Roy 00:45:46 - 00:50:15 (Oil & Gas) 
• Sh Srinivas Tuttagunta 00:50:16 - 01:01:10 (Refining & Marketing)  
• Sh Amit Chaturvedi 01:01:18 - 01:08:31 (Petrochemicals) 
• Sh Sriram Ramakrishnan 01:08:33 - 01:19:13 (New Energy)  
• Q&A Session 01:19:14 - 01:52:52 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
2 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Transcript:  
  
PRESENTATION 
 
Sh V. Srikanth 00:00:04 - 00:05:44 (Group Performance)  
 
Good evening. Nice to see you all pre-Deepawali and in a new location. Somebody was 
asking me whether this will continue. I hate to disappoint, but I think we are back to Nariman 
point, but let me move ahead.  
 
You have seen the results, strong performance across businesses and even within each of 
the businesses, the quality of numbers has just been improving quarter after quarter. And 
when you look at starting with Jio with 18% growth in EBITDA on the back of strong 
customers, both mobility as well as homes. So, the point here is not about just customer 
addition data usage, products that are on offer. So, when I talk about quality, I am referring 
to a lot of these factors and Anshuman will take you through in detail on some of these. So, 
resulting in EBITDA margin expansion.  
 
Retail, this is something I know you all have been tracking. Overall EBITDA growth at about 
close to 17%. In fact, revenues have been higher by about 18%. This is when you look at the 
categories, both fashion and lifestyle, grocery, electronics, all of them have seen anywhere 
between 17-23% increase in terms of year-on-year growth. FMCG continues to do well and 
that is now with 5,300 Crores effectively double.  
 
The NCLT approval has come through so this is something that the de-merger will happen in 
November, but we are waiting for the written judgment on that one. And here clearly the focus 
is on brand building, on bottling capacity, on setting up of the food parks.  
 
About Media - Kevin will talk through but very impressive set of numbers with 400 million 
MAUs that we have and a sharp jump in EBITDA too.  
 
Energy business that is something that everybody has been tracking good numbers there, 
21% higher, on the back of a lot of things but primarily coming from the increase in cracks 
across gasoline, gas oil, as well as ATF and some of the factors about ethane, light feed 
cracking, all of them coming in, in terms of contributing, volume increase has been there and 
so on.  
 
Domestic placements have been high, again, both gasoline and gas oil in terms of through 
put through the domestic markets up 34%. Upstream has been more stable at about 5,000 
Crores of EBITDA. A little bit lower on account of production, coming down as part of natural 
fall in terms of field performance.  
 
And on the new energy side, we are on track in terms of both the panel production in terms 
of being ready with the first line for cells as well as the important one in terms of development 
of cuts so that RERTC can be generated from sometime next year.  

 
 
 
 
3 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
So, these are numbers when you bring them together you are talking about 10% increase in 
revenues on the back of the jump that we saw in retail, and this is despite oil being lower as 
oil prices were lower.  
 
Overall EBITDA 50,000 Crores plus it is about 15% higher on a set of big numbers. And when 
you look at it on a PAT basis at 22,100 Crores, this is pre-minority numbers that is also up 
14%. So, this is despite finance costs being higher by about 14%, this is despite depreciation 
up by about 12%, and really both these numbers are up because of the 5G capitalization that 
happened and therefore the spectrum interest, etc., now flows through the P&L.  
 
And when you look at 22,000, the big numbers in terms of PAT, standalone RIL is about 
9,200, JPL at about 7,400 and RRVL at about 3,400. All of them, as I said, a good set of 
numbers.  
 
And this is just the EBITDA split, but you can see what I had summarized, OTC about 21%, 
E&P slightly lower, digital services up 17% and retail 16% and with Media and Others at 
about 10% bringing to 14.6%.  
 
So, as you can see, all the key, all the businesses have done well. As I emphasized, you can 
see in each of the presentations, the quality of the numbers are just getting better and better 
and better over the years and over the quarters, so that gives tremendous stability to the 
earnings.  
 
And then, finally when you look at the balance sheet, net debt broadly flat. The CAPEX that 
we spent at about close to 40,000 Crores, almost in line with our cash profits. 
 
So overall, a strong performance and continuing strength in the balance sheet. And I am 
going to request Anshuman to present the Jio section.  
 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:05:45 - 00:27:58 (Jio Platforms)  
 
Hi, good evening, everyone.  
 
So Jio, update on the results. Before I do that, I wanted to bring the attention to the fact that 
we are operating as a next-gen technology company at scale. We have spoken about this in 
the past, but every quarter we have been proving, doing new things, and demonstrating our 
ability to develop technology and implement technology at scale. Indigenous technology, we 
have our own proprietary 5G stack and fixed wireless stack that we have spoken about in the 
past, and which is now working at a significant scale, at global scale 3400 plus patent 
applications across 5G and 6G where we are among the thought leaders now across 
international forums.  
 
We have built several digital services for India at scale and not only built but deployed and 
people are enjoying those services and those platforms, enterprises are using those 

 
 
 
 
4 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
platforms at scale. Our ability to operate at population scale, once again, over 500 million 
consumers that we hit in this previous quarter. We closed at 506 million. Homes, we have 
crossed 22 million and growing rapidly.  
 
Enterprises, which is also, is growing fairly rapidly. So, we have got these platforms and 
technologies or solutions which are working at scale across all of these categories. And we 
are developing end-to-end control over the value chain, which will help us, which has already 
helped us in keeping the cost in control, keeping the whole development cycle in control, 
being able to bring out new functionalities at an agility which is better than what you see 
global operators being able to do, and taking this full stack approach which also helps us now 
possibly taking some of these technologies and platforms to other places as well. So that is 
a theme that we are very focused on, and we have been working on and we have 
demonstrated that repeatedly and we are continuing to demonstrate that across our business 
at scale. All of which gets us market leadership in mobility and home solutions.  
 
Number one in connectivity, 506 million subscribers at the end of the quarter. 8.3 million net 
additions during the quarter. Our chairman announced the 500 million subscribers in his AGM 
speech towards the end of August, and we have been growing since then as well. 234 million 
of these subscribers are 5G users. 21 million net additions in 5G users in this quarter as well.  
 
On homes, we have been making fairly steady and rapid progress. 23 million fixed broadband 
connected premises, 3 million net adds in this quarter. So, our million a month kind of run 
rate has sustained over a period of time, and it is now picking up more. And out of these 23 
million, nine and a half million are Jio Air Fiber homes using different technologies that we 
have spoken about, which makes us the world's largest fixed broadband service provider, 
wireless fixed broadband service provider, bigger than Verizon and T - Mobile which have 
had a much earlier start. All of this translates into market leadership in financial terms as well. 
36,000 Crores plus revenue, 45% of revenue market share in the connectivity business, 52% 
EBITDA margin for JPL.  
 
Of course, the connectivity business has a much higher EBITDA margin. So strong quarter 
with 18% year-on-year EBITDA growth and sustained leadership in connectivity.  
 
On mobility, one of the interesting things that we are observing is the uptake in data 
consumption and traffic in the non-urban areas, basically Tier 3, Tier 4 rural areas. Pan-India 
5G site traffic has grown 2x in the last year, but rural sites have shown higher growth. So, the 
uptake is actually quite healthy there, which is very positive for us because one, that shows 
that there is demand coming in from all geographies, all places, all segments of customers, 
and who are now consuming more and more. So, devices propagation and penetration is 
better. And they are finding use cases to use the 5G. And two, in many of these areas, we 
are really the only 5G service provider at this point in time. So, we have a healthy lead in that 
sense as well.  
 
On the network technology side, we have such high 5G consumption, both on the number of 
subscribers and the data consumption itself. We have clearly demonstrated the most efficient 

 
 
 
 
5 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
use and most productive use of spectrum that we have got. Average 5G productivity is 3x 
higher than the LTE on 2300 band. 
 
That much more, we are sweating the spectrum and the assets that much more. Our 5G 
customers are enjoying one and a half times faster data speed than the nearest competitor. 
And this is leading to more than half of the network data traffic now wireless now, coming in 
from 5G. And this number is growing fairly rapidly.  
 
If you see the trend on the right, which is of 5G subscribers that we have on our network, it 
is growing fairly rapidly. In fact, most of the new devices now, it is 85%, 87% plus new devices 
getting sold are 5G. And these consumers are using 5G services right from the start. So, that 
trend is fairly healthy and continues to grow.  
 
The initiatives that we are taking to continue to grow our wireless subscriber base more, 
mobility subscriber base, a lot of customer campaigns that you would have seen in the last 
quarter, bundled offerings, anniversary and festive offers, IPL offers. Giving customers more 
value for their buck, which we have always done and we are continuing to provide that with 
Jio Bharat as a companion phone on our LTE network with a whole bunch of new security 
functionalities that we built in we launch we demonstrated that at the IMC earlier this month 
and which is becoming quite a hit people there are functionalities like allowing only certain 
numbers. A customer can choose to allow only certain numbers to be able to access on that 
particular mobile. Parental control, or these days, it works the other way. You can control the 
device that your parents are using. You can control the numbers that are able to access that 
and try and prevent fraud. And that is a fairly popular functionality, where you can actually, 
through the network integration, control the numbers that can access a particular device. We 
have also done partnerships with OEMs to bring more devices at different price points in the 
4G and 5G segments. And that is something that you will hear more of. We are still trying to 
penetrate convert almost 225 million or maybe 215 million 2G users and upgrade them.  
 
So, working on bringing more devices that are more suitable and affordable for them. And 
then at the same time, expanding the products and services. Our 5G SA has enabled us, or 
is enabling us, to provide a few functionalities which only we can do on our network at this 
point in time, of course, at a low latency. But things like URSP, so route selection for a 
particular UA device, which we are now working with some OEMs to enable better quality of 
service on their devices. PPDR, which is working with the government agencies on public 
protection, disaster recovery. So, some of these are functionalities which our 5G SA network 
is enabling us to do. Some of these are getting monetized, and others will get monetized over 
a period of time. And then, of course, bundling all of our digital offerings along with the 
connectivity.  
 
On homes, we are driving digitization of a million homes every month. So, if you see the run 
rate on the chart on the right, that is picking up fairly steadily. And we expect that trend to 
continue. In fact, if anything, keep growing with our wireless broadband offerings that we are 
able to connect homes with much faster. Almost a million homes, new homes, got connected 
every month in this quarter. And we extended our global leadership with a subscriber base 
of 9.5 million on wireless broadband.  

 
 
 
 
6 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
So JioAirFiber, which is a combination of both offering services on the 5G network as well as 
UBR, and both have been fairly steady. The quality of service has been as good, if not better 
sometimes, than FTTH. And I only say it is not better because fiber still gets cut. Here there 
is very little disruption. These networks run at almost 99.99% availability most of the times. 
And then set-top box as a gateway for discovery, which is what we are providing to every 
home and a whole bunch of integrated experiences. I will just cover that in a bit.  
 
And in terms of growth initiatives here, converting more or connecting more homes, there has 
been we are seeing a lot of latent demand. Every new area that we are launching our services 
in and now the air fiber services are available pan India. There is massive adoption.  
 
And with some of our OneJio offering, which basically provides connectivity along with all of 
the content and security solutions etc, there is a lot of demand coming in from there. We are 
now able to provide 1 Gbps connectivity. As we spoke about this in our AGM, any user can 
get connectivity of up to 1 Gbps in 24 hours in almost the entire country. I think pretty much 
the entire country wherever we have mobile connectivity. And then adding more products 
and services. Set-top box, an important one that is becoming a digital gateway. We have also 
now developed something called TeleOS, which is set-top box equivalent on the TV itself. 
So, all of those features, functionalities which come through a set-top box, through our tie-
ups with OEMs, we are able to provide those on the home screen. So, you do not need the 
physical device, but of course we have the physical device, the set-top box also available 
wherever needed.  
 
And then offering Jio PC, gaming and content, a few of these offerings which are now being 
rolled out or have been rolled out and are becoming more popular on the field. TeleOS, 
JioTeleOS, which is our own operating system, which is what we use for the set-top box. And 
now we have basically made it into an operating system that other OEMs can work with. And 
we already have some OEM partnerships where they are using the JioTeleOS in their TVs. 
It is getting embedded, which enables replication of the set-top box. Really, you do not need 
the external device, all of those functionalities are coming in the TV itself, be that OTT and 
live and catch-up TV all the OTT content that we offer on the set-top box your PC which we 
have now launched which is in the beta phase and many of you our Jio home fiber or air fiber 
users must have seen that on your set-top box that is live and that is the uptake has been 
quite remarkable and the experience has been quite remarkable. The minutes of usage is 
growing. Almost every month, we are seeing dramatic increase in the number of minutes of 
usage of that.  
 
Jio Store, which gives an opportunity for other developers to come in and offer their apps on 
the OS itself. Security, Home Automation, and Parental Control are all functionalities which 
have been built into the JioTeleOS and which can get integrated with the service. For the 
enterprises as well, the OneJio approach, a combination of both connectivity and products, 
where now we have spoken about this in the past as well. Our focus is getting more revenue 
pools coming in from the enterprises beyond connectivity. And almost all, it is not yet 100%, 
but almost all of our large enterprise customers are taking more than one service from us. 
So, it is not only connectivity, it is connectivity plus a bundle of services.  

 
 
 
 
7 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
The managed services stack is what we are offering them, including connectivity, managed 
Wi-Fi, compute, security. Our Jio Cloud is becoming quite popular with the enterprise clients, 
Jio Cloud telephony. The PAN India network and being able to provide them connectivity now 
with our UBR offering, our JioAirFiber offering, we are able to connect any premise, any 
enterprise at 24 hours, and through a common unified interface for the customer. And this is 
Gbps-level connectivity. So, we are able to offer this, which, again, we are fairly uniquely 
positioned to be able to offer this. And when it comes to SMBs, this becomes quite important 
for them to have a single interface to get all of these services and connectivity through the 
same service provider.  
 
And then we are doing partnerships you know tie-ups with other service providers as well as 
we take our services to the consumers, and we have been expanding our market share. Of 
course, this is as you all are aware. This takes longer to break into enterprises, but we have 
segments like the BFSI or hospitality where we clearly are the market leader now and 
increasingly in some of the other segments as well.  
 
A few other launches in recent times, the Jio PC converting any TV or screen into a computer, 
cloud computer. Now, again, most of you by now would be familiar with this product itself. 
And many of you may have used it or have got it in your own connections. We have now 
launched this. It is still beta. So, we are not really charging customers for this, and we are 
trialing it. The pickup has been very healthy. We are including functionalities in this, where 
users can actually buy compute capacity based on their requirements for certain periods of 
time. So, they do not need to have very high processing speed or processor capacity. If they 
do not need it, they do not have to pay for it. And they can buy it whenever is a requirement. 
We are integrating it with the Jio Workspace, so they get everything, all of the office 
functionalities on their cloud PC.  
 
We have also tied up with some of the partners, service providers, where we are able to offer 
more software through the Jio Cloud PC. So, for a consumer, there is no difference between 
this or there is no difference between what this Cloud PC can give them versus a traditional 
computer. But of course, this is far better, because you can optimize. You can pay for only 
what you need to use. And the upgrades are automatic. You do not ever have to go and buy 
a new computer. So, this is something that we are very excited about. And the initial feedback 
from the market, from consumers, has been very, very positive.  
 
JioFrames, you have seen this. We have developed using our own complete hardware and 
software stack, our own AI. The hardware also has been developed by us, has been 
optimized by us and is getting manufactured in India. 
 
The OS, of course, is our own, multilingual. We are already supporting 10 languages; we 
should be supporting 12 languages fairly soon. The price points are significantly below where 
the global companies are today offering their products. You will see these coming into the 
market in the next few months at price points which are very suitable for the demand Indian 
requirement. That has been the effort that we are working on. We will have some models 

 
 
 
 
8 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
coming in reasonably soon, but the mass scale models should come over the next few 
months.  
 
Coming to the results now of the connectivity business, the total customer base, as I said 
earlier on, went to 506.4 million. That was a net added 8.3 million in this quarter. So, we are 
seeing fairly sustained growth there. ARPU at 211.4. That continues to grow steadily. In fact, 
the increase from the 195 to 211 is post the tariff hike of last year. So, this impact, this really 
has been coming mostly out of increased usage plus some of the 5G upgrades that people 
are doing as we keep launching, keep nudging consumers to move to higher unlimited 5G 
plans. Total data consumption on the network has gone to 58 exabytes; per capita data 
consumption at 38.7 GB per user per month.  
 
The operating revenue for RJIL came in at ₹31,857 Crores in this quarter, which was a fairly 
healthy 12.4% year-on-year growth. EBITDA came in at ₹17,874 Crores, which is 17.4% 
growth, EBITDA margin expanding to 56.1%. So, all in all, fairly good growth.  
 
The operating leverage is playing out quite well, and we continue to see healthy margin 
expansion in our connectivity business. For Jio-platforms, consolidated business, 
consolidated financials for Jio-platforms limited. The operating revenue was at 36,332 Crores. 
EBITDA increased 18% to 18,757 Crores.  
 
And profit after tax at 7,375 Crores. 13% growth year on year. So again, steadily increasing 
the contribution of non-connectivity business, increasing in every quarter including from a 
whole bunch of new services that we are offering in the market, the digital services are getting 
monetized. So that growth rate has been fairly significant. 
 
Moving on, I have a brief section on our AI announcements that we made in our AGM speech 
end of last month.  
 
Our playbook for the AI, well, we have got all of the components, ingredients that are needed 
to really bring the best AI services, products, solutions to the market, both for enterprises and 
for consumers.  
 
We have, of course, the go-to-market, reach, and customer access, connectivity, 
understanding of consumers and enterprises that Jio brings to the table.  
 
We have the global strategic partnerships, access to models, access to technology and 
resources from most of these large AI companies.  
 
Within Reliance Industries, we have the capability to build the infrastructure, the power, which 
is really needed to put all of the AI infrastructure in place.  
 
In Reliance Intelligence, we have created a company as a 100% subsidiary of RIL, which will 
utilize all of this, which will invest in developing AI capabilities, infrastructure, and then build 
solutions and products and take them to market through Jio or through the other ecosystem 
companies that they have got. We have already made a lot of progress here. Some of our 

 
 
 
 
9 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
products already integrate a fair bit of AI that is homegrown, of course, using JioBrain and 
integrating with the leading products and models of other service providers, and doing some 
of that ourselves, and building products and services for the entire consumer segment, plus 
also SMBs and enterprises.  
 
So, the partnership with Meta, a joint venture that we have formed in Reliance Intelligence, a 
70-30 partnership, that has been formed to develop solutions for enterprises, for example. 
We will do similar partnerships with others as well, not joint ventures necessarily, but 
partnerships. And similarly, we are developing products for the consumer segment. Now, all 
of this will go to the market through Jio, because Jio has the access. Jio knows what the 
customers are using and are looking for. So, it is a fairly synergistic play between all of these 
ecosystem players coming together and developing the best of AI for Indian consumers and 
Indian enterprises. And that includes AIDC infrastructure that we are developing in Jamnagar, 
that we have announced gigawatt scale DC in Jamnagar. We have already announced a 
GCP region, a cloud region in Jamnagar working with Google, which is going to be powered 
by 100% RIL green energy. It is going to be fairly unique in that sense to have access to so 
much of green energy in that one location. AI model capabilities, we are working with 
partners.  
 
As you are aware, some of our tech partners already are doing cutting-edge work in AI, and 
some of the other companies as well, and we are collaborating and working together with 
them. 
 
AI for consumers, some of our products are coming in the market or are already utilizing this, 
be it on some of the things that you see in MyJio or JioHotstar. These are already getting 
integrated into those apps that consumers are actively using. And then developing AI for 
sovereign use cases and for enterprises and SMBs. Now, this is a priority area for us at 
Reliance. There is a 100% subsidiary of RIL which is going to be working just on this and 
synergizing and working together with all of the other ecosystem companies like Jio. The 
capex is going to be done here. The infrastructure is going to be built here. And, whatever 
other kind of partnerships, access to compute, infrastructure that is needed is going to be 
done here.  
 
The products and services that are developed go to market through our other companies, 
ecosystem companies like Jio, like our media business or retail. And that is where Jio plays 
a very critical role. And Jio benefits really with all of these products and solutions which are 
developed. And Jio continues to have the flexibility to work with other service providers as 
well. So, it does not only have to work with Reliance Intelligence.  
 
Of course, if Google and Meta and OpenAI bring in more products, Jio can go and collaborate 
with them as well. Slightly longish today, but that is the end of my presentation. We will take 
the Q&A later. 
 
I will hand over to Dinesh now. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
10 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:27:59 - 00:39:24 (Reliance Retail)  
 
Good evening, everyone. We had a very strong quarter. We delivered 18% growth on a YOY 
basis. I think this reaffirms the resilience of the business model. And all the engines are firing. 
If you look at growth across consumption baskets, all our major consumption baskets have 
grown strongly. Online channels also continue to grow well. We are quickly scaling up our 
quick commerce offering pretty aggressively. We are also scaling up our store footprint as 
well. We added about 400 plus new stores during the quarter.  
 
If you look at all our operational metrics, number of new customers added, number of 
transactions, all of those have a pretty healthy trajectory. If you look at transactions, they 
have actually grown at 27% vis-a-vis revenue growth of 18%. That is because of the 
significant growth coming from the online channels. We made a public commitment and 
implemented the changes to pass on the GST benefit to consumers immediately once the 
new GST rates came into effect. It was done very seamlessly and very clearly and 
transparently communicated to customers. We continue to add new partnerships into our 
business. 
 
It was done very seamlessly and very clearly and transparently communicated to customers. 
We continue to add new partnerships into our business. During this quarter, in our premium 
brands business, we entered into partnerships with two very global marquee brands, Stella 
McCartney and Max & Co. If you look at our numbers, gross revenue is up 18%, net revenue 
is up 19%, slight difference because in the last week, the GST rates came down. EBITDA 
from operations is up 17%, same as total EBITDA and same growth rate for profit after tax.  
 
Grocery that is the biggest consumption basket we have. We have three-and-a-half thousand 
plus stores across the length and breadth of the country. We continue to leverage that, 
footprint for omnichannel expansion. If you look at most of the tier 2 and beyond cities, when 
we enter, we are the first modern trade retailer in those geographies. We introduce modern 
retail to a significant part of the country. We also are leveraging that infrastructure to offer 
omnichannel capabilities to customers. Omnichannel offering where the entire store 
assortment is available with quick delivery to the home as well. In the bigger cities, we are 
also complementing our store network with dark stores so that we reduce the last mile 
delivery radius and we are able to deliver that quickly.  
 
Another interesting trend that we are seeing is the premium formats are growing significantly 
faster. While we are seeing strong high single-digit LFL growths in our big-box stores, the 
premium formats are actually clocking double-digit growths. Similarly, Metro, which is our 
B2B business, that again continues to be on a very strong trajectory with growth coming from 
multiple categories. We continue to have engagement with the Kiranas and grow our share 
of wallet with them.  
 
JioMart, we are quickly scaling up our Quick Commerce offering, which is now available in 
5000 plus pin codes across 1000 plus cities. We added close to 6 million new transacting 
customers during the quarter, which is up 120% on a quarter-on-quarter basis.  
 

 
 
 
 
11 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Our quick hyper - local deliveries continue to be in a strong trajectory with 42% growth on a 
quarter-on-quarter and 200% growth on a Y-O-Y basis in terms of average daily orders. To 
complement our 1P offering, we continue to add new sellers so that we provide the entire 
range to customers. We have also started Quick Commerce for electronics and accessories. 
In fact, we are also doing it for fashion.  
 
In electronics, we have our stores, a large part of our stores which have been enabled on the 
Quick Commerce network, where the entire grab-and-grow assortment is available on Quick 
Commerce for 30-minute delivery within top 10 cities.  
 
We are also now aggressively investing behind brand building and create awareness of our 
very strong proposition, which is unmatched prices, convenience, and no hidden charges. 
So, we basically promoted campaign with MS Dhoni to leverage the demand for the festival 
season.  
 
Fashion business also had a very strong quarter with very strong LFL growth. The new 
formats, Azorte and Yousta, continue to scale up very well. Yousta reached a milestone of 
100 stores with a significantly large number of stores which are in the pipeline and will 
become operational in the next two quarters. We are also kind of focusing on the ethnic wear 
category for the festive period. Also focusing on giving customers a complete look, because 
customers, when they come to a store, are looking for everything, not just apparel. And for 
us, that helps improve our average bill value. So, in addition to apparel, footwear, beauty, 
accessories, imitation jewelry, those are all categories we are enhancing our offering. And 
the share is increasing quite meaningfully.  
 
Ajio, our online fashion business, had again a very steady quarter. We have been focusing 
on premiumizing the offering, adding more and more exclusive brands, as well as other 
international brands into the portfolio. And as I mentioned earlier, Ajio Rush, which is the 
quick commerce offering in online, that we have made available in 300 plus pin codes across 
the top six cities. And the way it works is you basically have a curated premium assortment, 
which is available in those particular pin codes and if the customers order that, it gets 
delivered within 30 minutes. The benefits of that is, as you know, Quick Commerce online 
has the highest returns. So, the returns on Ajio Rush are significantly lower.  
 
The ASPs are significantly higher, because the assortment which is curated is more premium 
in nature. It is a convenient service. And the conversions are much better. And in the pin 
codes where we have made this service available, we see a very strong uptake, customer 
adoption in this service. Shein, which we launched a couple of quarters back commercially, 
we have crossed 6 million app downloads. Monthly active users are upwards of 11 million.  
 
We are now also starting to invest behind educating the customers about the relaunch of 
Shein, because now we have a significantly large portfolio of almost 25,000 plus options, 
which are live on the platform. And every month, we continue to add new options into the 
portfolio.  
 

 
 
 
 
12 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
On the premium brand side, as we spoke about, we entered into partnerships with Stella 
McCartney, which is a conscious luxury ready-to-wear brand, and Max & Co., which is a 
youth-oriented women's ready-to-wear brand. There are quite a few other exciting 
partnerships in the pipeline as well. 
 
Our beauty business, which is Sephora and Tira, continues to expand pretty aggressively. 
We launched Fenty Beauty in India in the last quarter. We are further expanding our presence 
significantly in tier 1 markets.  
 
On the jewels business gold prices have gone up significantly over the last quarter and even 
before that. As a result, the average bill values are up pretty substantially. Now what has 
happened across the industry is that volumes have gone down because the purchasing 
power has been impacted because of the significant prices increase in prices of gold. So, the 
growth has been steady. I think as the gold prices stabilize, the growth again, the volumes 
will also pick up. Another interesting thing which we are seeing is instead of investing more 
in new gold, the share of exchange has gone up substantially. So, it used to be about 22% 
earlier last year, which has now gone up to almost 33%. So, people are basically recycling 
gold rather than investing in new gold because of the increase in prices.  
 
On brand building, we have launched a new collection with Raveena and Rasha and then 
campaign is up and running. We are looking at that to capitalize on the Dhanteras buying 
which will happen.  
 
Electronic business again had a very, very strong quarter with very, very strong LFL growth. 
There was some impact in the time period between the announcement of the GST rate 
reduction on select categories and the actual GST rates came into effect on September 22, 
2025. So, during that interim period, people deferred these are all high-ticket purchases. So, 
people deferred their purchases. So, there was some impact on sales. But after that, the 
pent-up demand picked up pretty well. And that has continued into the festive season. We 
had a very strong Independence Day that week is a big week. During that period, we had 
almost 24% growth over last year.  
 
resQ, which is a big differentiator for us, we are now present in. 1600 plus locations. So, we 
are offering the resQ services, expanding it along with our store footprint. And it has a pretty 
wide presence now.  
 
Our own brands business, we are tapping the overseas market in partnership with local in 
market players. Also, we are strengthening our offering with launching new variants in each 
of the categories.  
 
Our B2B and distribution business also had a pretty robust performance. It continues to be 
dominated by mobile phones and TVs. And that itself, the focus is on increasing the width of 
distribution, as well as the share of wallets of the retailers, which are both on an upswing.  
 
Quick on our FMCG business. 2x growth on a Y-O-Y basis for H1, Q2 was Rs.5400 Crores 
of top line, so pretty strong growth. All our brands, the main brands are Campa and 

 
 
 
 
13 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Independence. Both are seeing very strong market share gains. And as we are expanding 
the supply chain, the volume growth is pretty substantial.  
 
General trade contributes almost 75% of sales. We are doing a lot on the ground activations 
to basically for the purpose of brand building and make the push through the trade channel. 
We have signed up several MOUs for food parks and looking up setting up manufacturing 
facilities across the length and breadth of the country. We have also acquired the brand called 
Velvette, which is a pretty old heritage personal care brand. This will drive our growth in the 
personal care portfolio. It has a pretty strong brand recall and loyal customer loyalty. So, we 
will be scaling up the product portfolio as well as expanding the geographic presence of this 
brand. 
 
 
Sh Kevin Vaz 00:39:25 - 00:45:45 (JioStar)  
 
Thank you. The last time I presented to you all was just after the IPL that was there. And with 
the IPL came an influx of a huge number of audiences. Our biggest challenge at that point of 
time is, how do we convert these audiences to remain on the platform and watch our 
entertainment content?  
 
As Srikanth mentioned earlier, we managed to have 400 monthly active users on this 
platform. And I will tell you what we did to retain them. So, if you look at it from the 
entertainment point of view, this quarter for us was a lot of entertainment. Some of our biggest 
shows, I am seeing is what IPL is to cricket, Big Boss is to entertainment. Big Boss across 
languages has performed exceedingly well with a 54% growth in watch time across JioHotstar 
languages. Two is, we had some of the best short series. Criminal Justice was what we had 
done last. Then we launched Special Ops. Special Ops turned out to be the second highest 
watched series on the platform only to follow criminal justice and remained number one for 
four weeks in a row.  
 
As much as we look at trying to see how we can come up with these huge tentpoles, one of 
the objectives that we have for JioHotstar is to ensure that we have more and more 
engagement and how do we get consumers to come to us on a daily basis then come and 
watch us just on a weekend or binge watch on a weekend or just watch something which is 
dropping once a week, right? So, our objective there is to try, and we offer them series which 
are 100 episodes. We did a highly successful one in Tamil Nadu and this is something that 
we will replicate across markets. Heartbeat was one of our top-rated shows, 100 episodes. 
And we had a drop hovering every day. And we saw consumers coming to this platform for 
100 days on a daily basis. And for us, that is something that we like to also pivot with to make 
sure that we have stickiness on this platform.  
 
Lastly, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi Season 2 is what we launched. Happy to share with 
you that this show actually has been the biggest show across TV and digital and our biggest 
launch in the last five years on the platform. Shown a 2x growth over the best ever show on 
JioHotstar.  
 

 
 
 
 
14 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
And lastly, for the premium audiences, we continue to be the go-to destination for any 
premium home in this country, only because each and every big American studio content is 
there on this platform. So that is entertainment.  
 
Talking about sports, JioHotstar actually has become the largest sports platform. It is not just 
cricket. Across sports is where people come to this platform. If you just look at it, we did the 
India-England series, and this series was one of the most watched test series on any digital 
platform till date. 170 million viewers with 1.1 billion viewership time for live cricket. But it is 
not only about cricket. What is more important for us is looking at all different sports. So, if 
you see Wimbledon, Pro Kabaddi, Premier League, each of them has started showing 
substantial growth. Clearly, I am seeing is consumers look at this platform to offer them the 
best sporting events across. So that is from the content point of view.  
 
Just to give you a quick one on the operational performance. Sports, the three tournaments 
that we had, which is India vs England, Wimbledon, and the US, both of them, all three of 
them, delivered record viewership and monetization. The ongoing Pro Kabaddi League, 
which is actually the second biggest aggregate of audience after cricket, has seen a massive 
growth of around about 148% year-on-year on watch time on JioHotstar.  
 
On the digital part of business, as I mentioned earlier, we maintained 400 million monthly 
active users, reflecting user stickiness. And that is how we have managed to convert viewers 
from cricket to entertainment. And I shared with you the content lineup that we had to do that.  
 
Our entertainment watch time was poised to grow by 10% quarter-on-quarter. And last, our 
digital ad sales have seen a really solid trajectory led by connected TV, where the revenue 
is much higher than mobile. Sales has seen a really solid trajectory, led by connected TV, 
where the revenue is much higher than mobile.  
 
Lastly, on linear business, again, we operate a very big linear network in this country, and we 
continue to push it hard. Our entertainment viewership on the linear channels has grown by 
around about 30 basis points to 34.5, but what is more important, it is close to the combined, 
I am saying, our viewership is actually close to the combined viewership of the next three 
networks put together.  
 
Lastly, I am seeing is the linear TV ad revenue has shown a double-digit growth quarter on 
quarter despite the challenging microenvironments. On the financial front we have had a 
record 
EBITDA 
performance 
with 
industry-leading 
margins 
in 
a 
challenging 
microenvironment. If you look at our EBITDA margins 28.1% which is really gold standard 
within the media world. Our revenue of Rs.6179 Crores, and EBITDA, which has grown 
quarter from 1000 to 1738 and profit after tax of 1,326. Yes, this was in the back of one. I am 
seeing is looking, keeping a close control on cost, but more important, strong performance 
from both subscription on TV as well as on digital.  
 
Our digital ad sales had a really strong growth, TV entertainment sales continue to see 
pressure, mainly because of FMCG having major cuts, but with the GST, we are seeing green 
shoots, and we expect the quarters ahead to be much better. Maybe a sequential comparison 

 
 
 
 
15 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
might not be right from a revenue point of view, because we had the IPL in the previous one. 
But in spite of that, we have had a robust delivery on revenues. Thank you. 
 
 
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy 00:45:46 - 00:50:15 (Oil & Gas) 
 
Good evening, everyone.  
 
Just to do a recap of the quarter gone by. So, as you can see, its slightly better, pretty much 
flat, but slightly better than in terms of EBITDA quarter-on-quarter, lower year on year. Again, 
this is because of the natural decline in the KG-D6 fields. Again, like I mentioned last time, 
the natural decline is a lot less than what we had envisaged and over time the sense is that 
the resource base is a little larger than what we had anticipated at the time of the field 
development.  
 
Consequently, we have been working on options of augmenting production from these fields. 
So, we have got a deep-water rig come to our block in the next year, the first quarter of next 
year, and drill wells. So, we will have some exploration wells, which is more infrastructure led 
exploration wells around the infrastructure, existing infrastructure that can be tied back rapidly 
in case of discovery. We are looking at sidetracks to extract more reserves in the MJ field as 
well as additional wells in the R and SAT cluster wells to create more reserves. Again, these 
can be tied back rapidly in the most capital efficient way. So those are things that we are 
working on whilst we see this natural decline in KG-D6.  
 
In CBM, the production should have been better. We are trying to drill the multilateral wells 
rapidly, but because of the adverse weather conditions, it was a roadblock in that sense. So, 
the expectation is we will be able to rapidly drill these wells in the coming quarters and 
augment the production. 
 
In terms of price realization, again, year on year, it has been higher, just that the ceiling price 
was also about $10.04 cents at this time, sorry, $9.72 cents at the current juncture. So overall 
when we look at this decline our focus is now how do we augment this decline. And as you 
can see, it is in KG-D6 that we see it, but then we have identified accumulations and reserves 
in and around those fields which we intend to accrete rapidly and augment production. Just 
to get a sense of how the gas prices are, as you are all aware, the ceiling price was notified 
and it is $9.72 in the half going ahead. And we expect overall prices to remain range bound 
largely what has happened globally is that the China demand has come off by almost 16% in 
the last quarter, whereas US LNG exports have gone up by almost 20%. The only thing that 
has held up the prices is essentially the political turmoil that we see still in the Russia-Ukraine 
scenario. But nevertheless, what we see is fundamentally even EU inventories are still much 
lower than five-year averages so what we expect is prices should hold in this range.  
 
Now, since ceiling price is lower, we expect to max out on the ceiling price so that is about 
$9.72 cents. Indian market still remains robust. The demand remains robust about 192 million 
standard cubic meters per day last quarter, up by about three, again led by CGD we still see 
growth in CGD, the fertilizer sector, but slightly fell off in the power sector because of the 

 
 
 
 
16 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
monsoons but largely, the demand is not a concern at all in India in terms of the availability 
of gas that is the key piece and there is a lot of effort that is underway right now. We are 
looking at expanding our presence in the East Coast of India along with our partners. So 
those are efforts underway and in due course once that happens, we will be able to get back 
more accretion, that is how we are looking at it. Thank you. 
 
 
Sh Srinivas Tuttagunta 00:50:16 - 01:01:10 (Refining & Marketing)  
 
Good evening to all. On the O2C financial performance, we can see that the revenue is up 
about 3.2%, EBITDA is up 20.9% and the margin is up 130 basis points. The reason for the 
sharp increase in the EBITDA is because of the fuel cracks, gasoline, jet and diesel all going 
up significantly and the range has been an increase from 22% to 37%. We will cover the 
details in a while. Improvement in the polymer deltas, PE is up by 6%, PP by 8% and PVC 
by 5%.  
 
Polyester chain of course has been weak; it is down by 9%. Another aspect of the good 
EBITDA growth has been domestic fuel placement through our Jio-bp. Diesel sales are up 
by 34% and petrol sales by 32%. Also, we have done something on the yield optimization, 
which I will cover in the next slide. That has helped also to capture the fuel margins. And we 
also have ethane as a feedstock, where we could procure a little more quantity than normal 
so that also helped in the profitability going up. If you look at the Q-on-Q EBITDA, it improved 
because of higher fuel cracks already mentioned, but it was partly offset by the higher OSPs 
of the Middle East because of all the geopolitical tensions and concerns over supply going 
away from Russia, there has been concern and then the differentials of most of the crude 
and all have gone up, which impacted the EBITDA to some extent. 
 
Now, how did we tap these kind of favourable cracks? We maximized the crude throughput 
within the same capacity of course. How we did that was we optimized around blends and 
different crudes, ensured that always the utilization at the highest level in the crude unit. So 
instead of 20.2, we have been able to take the throughput up to 20.8 million tonnes in that 
quarter. The other important aspect for the refining margin is the platformer, which makes 
gasoline, as well as FCC, which is also helping in the production of more gasoline, as well as 
distillates. So, these two units also run at a higher utilization rate, increasing the yield of 
valuable products like petrol and diesel. Also, PP goes up, so that is also one factor which 
contributes to the profitability. Aromatics like I mentioned about the polyester chain, so what 
we could do with that was maximize our gasoline production, so we optimized around that so 
that we make more gasoline which is more profitable. Fuel of a refinery is pretty important. It 
is a large component so how do we optimize the fuel? So, we try to cut the cost of fuel by 
increasing and maintaining a high level of gasifier operations where the coke is converted 
into syngas, which is used as a fuel and also wherever possible we have imported cheaper 
power from the grid. So, all these are the activities we have done too. There were good 
margins, but we had to go and tap those margins, and these are the actions that we have 
taken. I mentioned about the strong performance of Jio-bp in the domestic market. So, if you 
look at the volume and the growth which is in brackets. Petrol and diesel together we have 
done about 1.8 million KL. That is like a 34% growth. ATF, which is jet fuel, we have done 

 
 
 
 
17 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
about 157 TKL. This is lower definitely than last quarter but what is important to note is we 
are maintaining the share there and all of you would remember that after the incident in 
Ahmedabad, all the planes became more cautious, they were doing a lot of checks and all, 
so there was a reduction in the traffic which caused some of the ATF to go down. E-mobility 
wise on a low base, but we have grown at 32%. CBG and CNG are an important focus for 
us, we have grown by 70%. 
 
Talking about the market share and the effectiveness, market share wise on petrol we are at 
about 3.6%, diesel at 6.2% and jet fuel or ATF at about 6%, close to 6%, 5.9%. Network, I 
think that is something which we are aggressively working on to increase our presence and 
footprint across the country and add more and more outlets. So, we are at 2,057. Charge 
points for our EV mobility solution it is at 6431, CBG and CNG stations are at 107 and 
convenience stores, because that adds to the non-fuel sales that is about 142 convenience 
stores. So, these are the reasons for the strong, I would say, performance of RBML and we 
continue to work on this to improve further. We have seen that the crude prices have been 
very volatile. All of you are probably seeing in the newspapers and reading about this. So, 
quarter to quarter, of course, if you look at year on year basis, second quarter was of 2025 
versus second quarter of financial year 2026 from $80, it has fallen to $69. And what was the 
reason? There were a couple of things. The reason for the fall in oil prices was OPEC Plus 
has been unwinding their cuts. They had cut production, and more than 2.2 million barrels of 
OPEC cuts have come back into the market. So that has definitely weakened the price. What 
has been holding it up from any further slippage in the price is that geopolitics and concerns 
over whether there could be any disruption, major disruption that is what kind of supported 
the price to an extent from further fall. Also, the global refining operating rates have been 
rising. Why they have been rising is again on the product side also because of the geopolitics 
there is concern that product availability could be affected. Therefore, all the, be it US, be it 
Europe and all have been increasing their runs, been running at healthy levels. So that has 
actually helped the demand and using this opportunity some bit of SPR buildup has happened 
in countries. So, these are the reasons why we did not have prices lower than this. It is getting 
supported at this level. 
 
How is the oil demand? Oil demand because of all the tariff concerns has been muted. 
Normally we would have about a million barrels per day on an average in a year but the 
typical growth that is what it is. It is about 0.7 now. And as expected, most of the demand 
actually growing in non-OECD Asia. Asia is where maximum growth is happening. So, 0.5 
out of this 0.7 is in non-OECD Asia. Africa has grown by about 0.2. And within this 0.7, if you 
look at which are the products where it has grown, diesel and jet fuel are the main areas 
where we have had 0.2 million barrels each of growth. So, 0.4 of this 0.7 has come from the 
transportation fuels. Jet also has improved a little and that is because we are at pre-COVID 
levels in terms of the jet demand. Gasoline is relatively flat. We are seeing a lot of moderation 
of the growth because China is pretty aggressive on EV adoption that is kind of moderating 
the gasoline growth. Of course, there are also, season is more or less over, so we also find 
gasoline growth coming down. Domestic demand, again pretty strong, economy is doing well. 
So that is the reason why we are seeing very healthy growth. I mentioned about ATF, why it 
is down. 
 

 
 
 
 
18 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
On the fuel cracks, just to give you a summary, Brent crude price is down by 14%. As 
mentioned, it is because of the unwinding by OPEC Plus and they are increasing the output 
further. Gas oil cracks up by 37%, that is a large number. And that is because one is the 
attacks by Ukraine on the Russian refineries taking them off, though some of the refineries 
are coming back quickly also but the perception in the market is that this is really risky for 
what is going to happen to the diesel situation and we have lower inventories in Europe as 
well as Asia. Gasoline cracks also for this time of the season reasonably good at 8.4 and that 
is a growth of 24% that is because again concerns about the refinery outages and we have 
lower inventories in Singapore and exports from China also have moderated. Jet fuel cracks 
like I mentioned are at pre-COVID levels of almost 8.2 million barrels a day. So that is the 
reason why we are seeing healthy jet fuel cracks. Also, refinery outages and all are the reason 
for this. So, with this, I will ask my colleague, Amit Chaturvedi, to take over. Thank you. 
 
 
Sh Amit Chaturvedi 01:01:18 - 01:08:31 (Petrochemicals) 
 
Thanks, Srini. Talking about major feedstocks first, US ethane prices averaged about 23 
cents per gallon, up almost 47% compared to the same quarter last year. Last quarter was 
of course marked by very, very low US Henry Hub gas prices where they are dropped to 
almost $2 million Btu levels and this time they are normalized to something like 3 plus levels. 
So, that has resulted in ethane prices strengthening as well, but despite this the ethane 
cracking remains the most favorable feedstock compared to all other things also and we will 
see it in the slides ahead. Naphtha prices declined 12% of course, as Srini talked the crude 
weakened and along with it the Naphtha prices as well. Naphtha cracker operating rates 
global they continue to remain weak because of the weak demand plus the overcapacities 
that have been created in the world, especially in China. Global cracker operating rate 79.5%, 
which is not a healthy number from any standards. However, our cracker operating rates, 
Reliance Cracker operating rates were full 100% thanks to they being supported by one, 
domestic demand, two, a mix of feedstocks which were ideal like we get a lot of ethane from 
US, we also use a lot of off gases in our crackers so based on that our economics remains 
far superior compared to the Naphtha crackers which are competing with us in the same 
market. 
 
Talking about the demand growth, polyethylene and polypropylene grew by 4% and 9%, 
staple fiber and filament yarn also grew by 6 and 7. The two products which reflected 
experienced lower growth in demand were PVC and PET, primarily because of very heavy 
rains this year all across India, we had floods in lot of states, Punjab was of course flooded, 
so were many other regions in the country and PVC being an agri applications, lots of them 
was impacted. However, with rains now ending and that seasonality will be over and we 
expect PVC demand to bounce back again. PET also because of very thin summer this year 
and plus floods again it was impacted, the demand was impacted by that and that should 
normalize. And in the long term we still believe that the growth story remains intact in the 
country and various sectors whether it is textiles, packaging, FMCG, infrastructure, mobility, 
hygiene, healthcare, these are the sectors which are growing very healthily in the range of 
6% to 8% and they should keep supporting the demand of polymers and polyester that we 
manufacture. Talking about margin environment, we talked Naphtha prices were down 12%, 

 
 
 
 
19 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
ethane was up 47% but the deltas, polyethylene, polypropylene, PVC both, all three deltas 
were up by 6%, 8% and 5% and some of them were primarily because of Naphtha prices, 
lower Naphtha prices, the EDC also remained very weak due to sluggish PVC demand and 
the polyester chain however has been pretty weak of late. Srini also talked about Paraxylene 
and there is PTA also has been weak, mainly driven by very, very huge capacities that have 
come in China in last couple of quarters. And talking about comparison of margins from 
different feedstocks, ethane remains the evergreen, it is shown in green color also, so it is 
the evergreen feedstock higher than all other possible feedstocks. Naphtha and propane 
have been close to zero in last many quarters, actually almost like since COVID period. They 
remain not so competitive feedstocks in today's environment thanks to again huge capacities 
that have come up in China, in US and some of them in Middle East as well. 
 
Business dynamics talking about and priorities, Srini said, talked about it, oil demand 
continues to grow tracking about 0.7 million barrels a day for this year, and the important 
thing is that India is contributing almost 14% of this increased demand. China will contribute 
10. Refinery rationalizations and disruptions will support the export demand. Domestic 
demand expected to pick up as we are entering the festival season now, our retail colleagues 
talked about that. Downstream chemical margins will remain constrained, and the capacities 
are too much to handle for the world right now. And volatility in feed, of course, as the crude 
dances, the feed prices also will continue to dance. GST rationalization, however, has really 
helped a lot in boosting demand. We are already seeing it in some of the products. There 
was of course in last quarter a waiting period where people actually paused to buy as the 
expectation of lower GST rates was there. But since then, from 22nd of September and now 
in this current quarter also, we are seeing that demand bouncing up. And specially in 
polyester-end products where the GST rate has been brought down for staple 12% to 5% 
and for filament yarn from 18% to 5%, that is likely to give a big boost and that ultimately 
ends up as retail products. In terms of priorities, we will continue to work on high utilization. 
We continue focusing on domestic market, which is our forte. I mean when global margins 
are under pressure because of the capacities, our saviour has always been the domestic 
demand where our netbacks are best and we have the marketing network and the 
wherewithal to reach out to the customer at the shortest possible time so high service level 
ratios. Jio-bp will continue to expand network and increase new mobility solutions offering, 
Srini had talked in detail about that and accelerate project execution to ensure timely 
completion. We have two large projects which are under execution today, the PVC project 
and the PTA polyester project, both are under execution stage, and we will continue to work 
aggressively to expedite them. With that I hand it over. 
 
 
Sh Sriram Ramakrishnan 01:08:33 - 01:19:13 (New Energy)  
 
Yes, good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Let me introduce myself. My name is Sriram 
Ramakrishnan. You might have not seen me before, but my colleague Karan Suri who covers 
New Energy is traveling overseas. So, it is my pleasure to give you an update where we are 
on New Energy.  

 
 
 
 
20 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
So, I think you have seen this picture before what we are building at Reliance in terms of our 
New Energy business, which I believe is unique in the world. Just like what we did at Jio, 
where we created a disruption, we are looking to do the same in New Energy. 
 
Let me start from the right-hand side with the increasing electrification, the requirement for 
electricity is increasing across all industries. So, we are looking to provide renewable energy 
around-the-clock which at a price point which is more attractive than fossil fuel-based power 
plants. And likewise, we are looking to produce green chemicals, sustainable aviation fuel, 
again using green hydrogen and at a price point which is very attractive.  
 
So, when you look at how do we deliver this renewable energy round-the-clock as well as 
how do we produce these green chemicals. So the first part of the equation is our renewable 
energy around-the-clock power plants, which we will start setting up in Kutch starting next 
year where we will be producing renewable energy around-the-clock using solar power where 
we convert the photons into electrons and to produce and supply this power round the clock 
we will be using battery energy storage systems where we will store these green electrons in 
the battery system and supply it when the renewable energy source is not available.  
 
So, this would be a unique configuration. We are piloting these plants in our Jamnagar facility, 
very successful demonstration of this technology and we are confident of scaling this up in 
giga scale starting next year. Likewise, we are also making progress on our electrolyzer 
gigafactories, which will then use this renewable energy round the clock to produce green 
hydrogen.  
 
Now, to deliver these projects, we are building up what I believe is the world's only end-to-
end integrated manufacturing ecosystem. I think we have communicated previously about 
our solar PV module factory starting up. So, what we are building up in the solar PV space is 
the complete value chain, starting with the solar modules, which, as I was telling you, converts 
photons into electrons. But to make these solar modules, we need solar cells.  
 
So, I am happy to say that our solar cell gigafactories will be starting up in the next month at 
Jamnagar. Then we are backward integrating the solar cells into wafers and to make these 
wafers we are also setting up our polysilicon and ingot factories. So, this is building the 
complete value chain including glass for the PV modules which again would be one of the 
largest glass factories in India.  
 
So solar helps us to produce energy from the sun but how do you store this energy is where 
our battery business comes in. And my specific focus in new energy is around the battery 
business. So happy to say that we are making very good progress in starting up our first 
battery factories by early next year.  
 
So, we will start with the battery energy storage system gigafactories, followed by the pack 
factories, which supplies the battery packs for these containerized energy storage systems, 
and then backward integrate into battery cells. So basically, we are looking to build a 
complete manufacturing ecosystem around both solar and battery, which will give us supply 
chain resiliency as we look to scale up renewable energy around-the-clock.  

 
 
 
 
21 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
So, we had shared with you last time about our PV module lines. We have now commissioned 
four lines. And as I told you, we are close to starting up our first PV cell line and we are on 
target to achieve our targeted capacity, and our expansion is going to be in a modular fashion. 
We started with an announcement of 10 gigawatt-peak, which we are now scaling up to 20 
gigawatt of solar PV module production completely vertically integrated.  
 
Likewise, the work on the battery energy storage gigafactory is progressing at a rapid pace 
and we have made significant progress at site for a 40-gigawatt hour manufacturing capacity 
on batteries. 
 
Likewise, we are also making good progress in Kutch, which is where we are going to deploy 
our RERTC projects. It is about a 550,000 acre site across multiple plots, which we have 
completed the feasibility study, and the different sites are at various stages of land 
development. So, we are looking to finally start adding to the revenue and EBITDA of 
Reliance with starting our first production of RERTC next year.  
 
So, this gives you a bird's eye view of what is happening in Jamnagar. I mean, we would love 
to take you there. The energy there is palpable. When I go there just seeing the kind of 
construction, what is going on is, I think, very unique. I have visited factories around the globe, 
including China, but I can tell you this is unique, what we are building in Jamnagar.  
 
So, we are building what will be the world's largest new energy complex. Nowhere in the 
world do we have the complete ecosystem for PV modules all the way down to polysilicon. 
Nowhere are you going to have the complete battery ecosystem in one location and this is at 
the new energy complex in Jamnagar.  
 
So this is some inside pictures of our PV cell factories which manufactures our Heterojunction 
technology cells where what you are seeing on the left hand side is the print line loaders, 
sophisticated machines which does the metallization on the silicon cell so that you have both 
the forward contact and back contact on the cells.  
 
And the tool on the right side, the machine on the right is the texturization tool and this helps 
basically increase the light absorption area on a PV cell. So, this improves the efficiency of 
the PV cell which then is stringed together to make a module. 
 
The first line will be commissioned as I was telling you next month. This is again a bird's eye 
view of our glass gigafactory. This is by far the largest glass factory in the country, and it is 
also progressing very well according to our plans, and this glass will be supplied for our PV 
modules.  
 
This again is something I am very proud of. This is probably going to be India's first polysilicon 
factory where we actually will be producing polysilicon from metallic grade silicon, and this is 
using CVD process. It is extremely high technology process that we are using to produce 
polysilicon. And this polysilicon would get converted into ingots and wafers so you basically 
would draw ingot and then you slice the ingots into wafers which will feed the cell factory.  

 
 
 
 
22 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
So, the complete ecosystem for PV module production is all in different stages of 
commissioning currently at Jamnagar. And looking at the battery gigafactories, happy to 
share that we are starting to make rapid progress on the ground. This is a bird's eye view of 
our battery container building on the right-hand side, where we have work going on around-
the-clock and we are looking to start this factory, which would be our first factory in the battery 
gigafactory complex early next year.  
 
So, we are currently on track to complete 40 gigawatt hours of battery energy storage 
gigafactory at Jamnagar. So that was giving you a quick summary that we are making very 
good progress according to our plans and looking to start generating renewable energy 
around the clock power using the PV modules manufactured in Jamnagar, the battery energy 
storage system manufactured in Jamnagar.  
 
And what we are building is very unique because we are going to manufacture it. It goes 
straight from the factory to the foundation. And we will be looking at scaling this up in a 
modular fashion deployment in the field. And as you saw, we are building a complete value 
chain where we are looking to squeeze out efficiency at every stage of manufacturing. So 
that is what we are working towards, and we look forward to taking you to all our factories in 
the near future. Thank you. 
 
 
Q&A SESSION (01:19:14 - 01:52:52) 
 
Questioner (Sumangal Nevatia, Kotak Securities) 
 
Good evening, everyone. This is Mangal here from Kotak Securities. First question to 
Anshuman on the tariff side. We have seen in the last quarter some nudges as you 
mentioned. Now going forward should we expect that more or given that we are now six 
quarters since a base tariff hike in the near term something on the base tariff as well as what 
we saw last year. 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
At this point in time those will happen when they will happen. There are no current plans to 
change anything on it. We are nudging consumers to consume more and happily pay more 
but no immediate plans for the tariff. 
 
Questioner (Sumangal Nevatia, Kotak Securities) 
 
Okay, and then on homes. We are now consistently hitting 1 million plus. So, are we close to 
the peak in terms of monthly run rate? Because if we do that, then we are reaching to our 
100 million ambition closer to 7 years from now. Or should we expect this rate to also increase 
in the coming few quarters? 
 
 

 
 
 
 
23 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
No, we are expecting to ramp up this rate. The run rate for connecting new homes has been 
increasing and the technology is working well. A lot of these new connections are being done 
wirelessly and therefore the implementation itself is simpler, faster and we are expecting that 
we will be able to scale this up quite significantly from where we are today. 
 
Questioner (Sumangal Nevatia, Kotak Securities) 
 
And just one last one, on the AI bit you explained a lot of the entities will be a 100% owned 
subsidiary and the go-to vehicle could be something like Jio. Now from a group perspective, 
if I look at the value proposition, I mean what could be at the IP level and what could be the 
value proposition by the vehicle like Jio, how should we think? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
So, it will really depend on the nature of the products and solutions which are formed. And 
this will be like any other there is a lot of value in the IP, which is being created, but the ability 
to access customers, users, enterprises is really critical. Today the battle is for that. Who 
knows the users best? Who knows what is required and can come develop new things 
fastest? And we are seeing that play out across most of the current use cases. I am not 
talking about the models themselves and the amount of innovation which is happening there. 
But on the products and solutions, really, it really depends on what kind of products and 
solutions these are and how you can take them to the market. How you can really integrate 
them with some of the existing platforms or potentially take them directly to users and 
enterprises. And each of these will really depend on the nature of the service, nature of the 
offering, what the economics are, and then there will be a value sharing between the IP owner 
and the actual go-to-market. 
 
Questioner (Sumangal Nevatia, Kotak Securities) 
 
Got it. Thank you. 
 
Questioner (Sanjesh Jain, ICICI Securities) 
 
So, couple of questions, again carrying from Reliance Intelligence. Now Reliance Intelligence 
is all about DC or GPU as a service, will it reside in Jio or it will be in Reliance Intelligence 
and as far as DC to DC connectivity, on the connectivity part will it go to the InvIT or the 
Reliance Jio will have any role to play in that? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
So, the Reliance Intelligence Company is going to develop, invest in whatever is required to 
create intelligence products, which would also require a lot of infrastructure, a lot of compute, 
the GPUs, etc., which is going to be done by Reliance Intelligence only. 
 

 
 
 
 
24 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Questioner (Sanjesh Jain, ICICI Securities) 
 
What is the role of Jio in this entire thing? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
So, Jio is going to develop its own products, and it is going to work with Reliance Intelligence 
to bring those solutions to the market. Today, Jio is tying up with different AI companies, 
different product solution companies to take those to the market, developing its own as well. 
Think of Reliance Intelligence as, I should not name companies, but AI companies which are 
coming out with products and solutions. Reliance Intelligence is not looking to do its own 
LLMs at this point in time but the products and solutions, AI -based product and solution 
companies. And using its own infrastructure, its own people, its own capabilities. Jio is a user. 
Jio is the user of those capabilities which are going to be built. Jio would also work with Meta 
and would work with OpenAI and Google and Microsoft to use their products and services as 
well. So Jio will have an open slate to work with anybody that it wants to do, whereas Reliance 
Intelligence is competing with the Metas and the Googles for the AI products that are coming 
into the market. 
 
Questioner (Sanjesh Jain, ICICI Securities)  
 
Got it. Second on the tech stack which we spoke so elaborately in the two sessions now, last 
time and this time. Any commercial development to talk about there? Are we close to signing 
any tech deal globally? Any commerciality there you can share? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
Cannot comment on it right now, but we are seeing a lot of intent, lot of demand, so we are 
working on that. 
 
Questioner (Sanjesh Jain, ICICI Securities) 
 
Thank you. 
 
Questioner (Sachin Salgaonkar, Bank of America) 
 
Hey Anshuman, Sachin Salgaonkar, Bank of America. Three questions. First question follow 
up on Reliance Intelligence. Any broad understanding in terms of capex investments we could 
see that over a period of time? And can you clarify if the DC investments will be a part of 
Reliance Intelligence or not? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
Yes, so the DC investments are going to be part of Reliance Intelligence. The infrastructure 
will be the components, something might be in RIL directly, otherwise in the subsidiary itself. 
We have announced the gigawatt scale data center that we are developing in Jamnagar. 

 
 
 
 
25 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Now, hard building will really there will be other considerations into where that should be 
housed, whether in RIL or in Reliance Intelligence, but everything on compute. We have 
announced the GCP region in Jamnagar that is being done by Reliance Intelligence. So that 
investment will be made by Reliance Intelligence. Of course, that capacity is going to be used 
by Reliance Intelligence itself, but by the other companies as well in the group who do not 
need to incur the capex for doing that. 
 
Questioner (Sachin Salgaonkar, Bank of America) 
 
Any broad capex sense? What kind of numbers are we looking at? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
Well, we have started with the first phase of the GCP project itself and that will evolve into 
little over 100 megawatt over the next two years and then we will keep developing, but of 
course, we are also talking with partners on doing something more jointly. At this point, those 
numbers are not firmed up. 
 
Questioner (Sachin Salgaonkar, Bank of America) 
 
Got it and obviously Google will be using TPUs. Is there a thought process also to get GPUs 
or the hyperscale as will look at getting GPUs? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
So, it really depends on the use cases. We have got the flexibility to work with GCP and use 
TPUs, but we can, depending on the nature of the development, we also have an Azure DC 
in Jamnagar that you are aware about. So, it will really depend on what use cases we are 
using it for. With GCP, of course, we will be using their TPUs that are now getting 
commercialized. 
 
Questioner (Sachin Salgaonkar, Bank of America) 
 
And AI use cases are in very early stages so is it fair to say we could see some kind of a 
monetization maybe 12 to 18 months down the line at a JPL level or that might take more 
than that? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
Well, some of the AI use cases, like search itself, like what ChatGPT or Gemini are doing 
today are becoming very popular. They may not, the monetization may still be low, but are 
becoming popular. In all those cases the owner of that consumer is going to have a pie of 
that monetization. So, some things may start sooner. But look we are all working towards and 
we are all trying to figure out how this can be not only expedited but who will have the right 
to win in these situations. So, it is going to evolve over the next few quarters. 
 

 
 
 
 
26 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Questioner (Sachin Salgaonkar, Bank of America) 
 
Got it. Second question, in the presentation on corporate side there was a mention about 
rural enterprises. Can you clarify these are offerings also towards SMEs or we are yet to 
launch a corporate package focusing on the SMEs? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
No, we already have corporate packages for SMEs. We are selling the Azure stack to SMEs. 
We have our own Jio-stack, Jio-cloud that we now sell to SMEs. So, we have various 
packages, and we are seeing good traction, good uptake there. 
 
Questioner (Sachin Salgaonkar, Bank of America) 
 
Got it. Last question on retail. I remember a year back, digital commerce used to contribute 
to around 18% of total revenues. Since then, clearly, quick commerce has picked up in a 
meaningful manner. What could be that number right now and any rough breakup in terms of 
B2B and B2C contribution out here? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Dinesh Taluja) 
 
See we do not give the breakup between that but overall, with the growth in quick commerce 
that number has increased by a few percentage points. 
 
Questioner (Sachin Salgaonkar, Bank of America) 
 
Okay, so that 18 might have gone to 20, so is that a fair range to look into? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
Yes, it has gone up, it has gone up marginally. 
 
Questioner (Sachin Salgaonkar, Bank of America) 
 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
The good thing is that the offline itself is also growing well, so it is a good tussle to have. 
 
Questioner (Sachin Salgaonkar, Bank of America) 
 
Thank you. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
27 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Company Speaker (Sh Dinesh Taluja) 
 
See, ultimately look at it this way, our objective is to maximize wallet share with the customer. 
I am neither an offline player, nor an online player, we look at the am I capturing enough 
wallet share of the customer, whether he buys online or offline, that is something that does 
not concern us. 
 
Questioner (Kunal Vora, BNP) 
 
Okay, so how should we think about the advantages which your platforms will have from the 
investments which the group is making in data centers, new energy, intelligence, how does 
Jio Platforms leverage it? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
Well, Jio Platforms is the entity which knows the customers, which is going to the customers 
with its digital offerings and connectivity. It has the use cases that it wants developed. It 
benefits because it now does not have to invest a lot of capital. And this is all fairly capex 
heavy play, at least in the initial few years. It does not have to do that. It has another entity 
which is willing to invest in infrastructure, invest in capabilities, people, etc., which will develop 
these products and solutions for Jio platform. Also, Jio platform is not bound only to Reliance 
Intelligence. It can work, it can do its own things if it finds it economically viable, but it can 
also work with other partners. So, it is in some ways getting the best of all worlds. It does not 
have to invest a lot in capex. It has a symbiotic relationship with Reliance Intelligence where 
it can together co-develop products and solutions or it could, depending on how the market 
evolves, work with others as well. So, it is kind of de-risk model for Jio platforms but whatever 
be the case, finally, the go-to market, the go-to customer is going to be in some form or 
manner through Jio platforms limited. 
 
Questioner (Kunal Vora, BNP) 
 
And will these advantages be unique to JPL or even Reliance Intelligence can deal with 
multiple parties? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
Reliance Intelligence is an intelligence game, it will work with everyone. So, there are no 
restrictions on either of them. Reliance Intelligence will develop products, take them to 
market. But very logically today just about everybody is talking to us because Jio is the access 
point to enterprises, to consumers. Now Reliance Intelligence will of course have an ability to 
work with Jio, but it can do itself, it will have to compete with all of the AI companies, so it is 
in that business. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
28 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Questioner (Kunal Vora, BNP) 
 
And second one is when do we start seeing these investments starting to get monetized? So, 
data centers, when do we start seeing sizable numbers coming in and when do we start 
seeing some of that accruing to JPL? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
No, so JPL is not investing in data centers, so I just want you to be clear about that. Part of 
the reason we are doing this is also because it is going to be a little bit capex intensive initially. 
And JPL is not taking that exposure. The capex is going to be done by Reliance Intelligence. 
Having said that, on the data center side, there is increasing requirement. So, everybody 
needs data center capacity. It is something in very high demand today. People are willing to 
pay a lot of premium. So, data centers are going to be built, and they will get monetized 
because the end users, the AI companies will have to pay for the data centers. So that is a 
relatively, that is an infra kind of investment in some ways. When will AI start getting 
monetized? Well, those are the trends that we are all looking at right now. It is very early days 
in India, the monetization, on the monetization front, but we are seeing some of the global 
companies beginning to create a market, start generating revenues now. Of course, the 
market has to evolve in India. It is still early days here. And for that, really, it is more than 
anything else we need to find the right use cases for people. People will pay, companies will 
pay, enterprises will pay when they see value. Today, how much will you really pay for 
somebody having simplified your search from Google to an AI product? So that is something 
that has to evolve. We all are working on it. I am sure a lot of companies that you cover are 
really focused on that. 
 
Questioner (Kunal Vora, BNP) 
 
And lastly on retail, what kind of impact are we seeing from Quick Commerce? These 
companies are doubling in size, and I understand you are also investing in Quick Commerce. 
What is the kind of dark store count which you have and are you seeing any impact at all of 
Quick Commerce and physical retail right now? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Dinesh Taluja) 
 
This is growing pretty rapidly for us as well. We are up 40% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
We are scaling up that offering pretty significantly. We are investing in dark stores. We are 
investing in acquiring new customers. Those are investments one has to do, and the average 
of your daily orders are going up pretty substantially as a result of that. We are also working 
on the technology platform. So, you will see developments on that as well. So, all of that is 
happening in parallel. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
29 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Questioner (Kunal Vora, BNP) 
 
You mentioned that you invested in some dark stores. What will be that number? I mean, 
what is the kind of reach you have? I heard 5,000 pin codes. But beyond that, if you can talk 
about what kind of investments in dark stores? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Dinesh Taluja) 
 
See, we have about 600 dark stores which are already operational. And we are opening more 
as well. 
 
Questioner (Kunal Vora, BNP) 
 
Thank you! 
 
Questioner (Nikhil Bhandari, Goldman) 
 
Hi, this is Nikhil from Goldman. I had a couple of questions around the New Energy and oil 
to chemical business. Maybe just starting on the New Energy first. You mentioned about the 
progress on the battery containerized plant side. Can you specifically provide update on the 
battery cell assembly plant? I believe that is the most difficult part in the value chain. Also 
asking in terms of where we are in terms of securing all our equipments and from where. 
Because the context is about China starting to restrict some of the battery machinery exports. 
So, where we are on that battery cell assembly part, which is probably the hardest process 
in the value chain. 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Sriram Ramakrishnan) 
 
I just wanted to share that the battery cell factories are also progressing well. So, we are 
started the construction of the cell factories as well as we have secured all the equipment for 
our first phase of cell manufacturing. And yes, our cell equipment sourcing is happening 
across the globe, and we are monitoring the impact of the new regulations which are coming 
in but for the most part, we have secured the equipment for our first phase of the cell 
manufacturing plant. 
 
Questioner (Nikhil Bhandari, Goldman) 
 
Thank you for that. And in terms of next three to five years of production of our PV factory 
and the battery factories, is it fair to say most of the production that will be done in this decade 
for the next three to five years will be for captive purpose or how long of the production will 
be used in your assessment for the captive purpose before we are starting to sell to the 
outside market? 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
30 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Company Speaker (Sh Sriram Ramakrishnan) 
 
See, definitely the focus initially, like I said, is to deploy our own power plants, RE-RTC power 
plants in Kutch which will first supply all our internal demand, including, you saw the 
presentation, we are setting up a gigawatt data center. So that would also be one of the 
consumer for this RE-RTC power. And so, for the first few years, for sure, it will be internal 
consumption. And then we are looking at how we can market this green RE-RTC power to 
other C&I customers across the country. 
 
Questioner (Nikhil Bhandari, Goldman) 
 
Okay, thank you. Maybe just some questions on the O2C business. So, on a Q-on-Q basis, 
throughput actually increased more than the EBITDA. Is it because chemicals offset the 
refining improvement or is it that even within refining, OSP increase offset the other broader 
business environment on the refining side? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Srinivas Tuttagunta) 
 
If I understand your question correctly. You were saying that the throughput has gone up but 
probably the EBITDA is not kind of reflecting that. Is that your question? 
 
Questioner (Nikhil Bhandari, Goldman) 
 
Yes, throughput increase is more than the EBITDA increase on a Q-on-Q basis. 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Srinivas Tuttagunta) 
 
That is right. Actually, because the geopolitical situation was such that the prices of Middle 
East OSPs are representative but everywhere across the board, we found that the 
differentials, the flat price itself has fallen. I have already mentioned that, but the differentials 
have risen significantly for, particularly the heavy feedstock. So that is offset. 
 
Questioner (Nikhil Bhandari, Goldman) 
 
And how is the environment changing in particular over the past month? The volatility seems 
to have increased further, the cracks are at phenomenally high level across product, but at 
the same time it seems OSPs are increasing, freight rates are increasing. Is your margin 
capture over the past month improving further or net-net struggling to still improve with the 
higher cracks because OSPs and freight are also increasing? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
I do not know if I can say this that maybe at these margins one should not say refinery is 
struggling. I think these are reasonably healthy levels of margins. Having said that, I think if 
you look at the world, what is happening is on the refining side because of the drone attacks 
happening between Russia and Ukraine, the oil infrastructure is getting affected seriously. 

 
 
 
 
31 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
So, the market perceives that there could be a risk to product supply and what we have seen 
is everyone has increased the refinery runs and when the increased refinery runs happen, 
any small outages tend to magnify the impact. Let us say we have had some outages in the 
eastern Malaysia, maybe in Nigeria. So that is kind of, in our view, supporting the cracks 
significantly. 
 
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA) 
 
Hi, this is Vikash from CLSA. So, on retail, last quarter we did hear a little bit about 
streamlining operations and that having some follow-on impact. Of course, we are back to 
pretty strong mid to high teens kind of growth on a year-on-year basis. Do you think that there 
is still some follow-on impact possible of the streamlining thing or that should be seen as 
history and we should be seeing these kinds of growth rates, which is possibly what is the 
potential growth rate of retail going forward? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Dinesh Taluja) 
 
So streamlining is more or less done. We are accelerating our store rollout as well. The 
closures are more or less normalized. When you open stores, you always make some 
mistakes. But the closures are more or less normalized, and you will see BAU growth going 
forward. 
 
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA) 
 
And on Quick Commerce, so whatever a few KPIs or numbers that you gave, is this up 40% 
QOQ, just to repeat, 600 dark stores or so right now, and you are operating in 5,000 plus 
postal codes? Is that what you said for Quick Commerce or for JioMart? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Dinesh Taluja) 
 
Yeah, see 5,000 plus pin codes, 1,000 plus cities, the dark stores are more in the bigger cities 
where there are big gaps in the network, right? In the bigger cities, you cannot because of 
traffic, you cannot go beyond one, one and a half, two kilometers for delivery. So, a lot of dark 
stores are focused on the bigger cities. But then in addition, we have 3000 plus grocery 
stores, which are there, which are also participating, right? So, majority of the deliveries are 
happening from the stores, dark stores are only where there are gaps in the network, where 
we were at in dense locations, where you the distances with the store is more to be able to 
meet the delivery expectations. 
 
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA) 
 
And what has been the average delivery time over here? Has that also improved further? 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
32 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Company Speaker (Sh Dinesh Taluja) 
 
That has improved substantially. Our promise is 30 minutes, and pretty much all the orders 
are getting delivered in meaningfully less than that. The average is much lower. 
 
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA) 
 
Ok. Just on New Energy, so when we start with the first production of the RE plus RTC first 
half of next year, so is the first target to, I think, that 17, 18 gigawatt of internal requirement? 
By when do we expect that we reach somewhere around that? Is it maybe in a year or two's 
time, or much more than that? Or what is that? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Sriram Ramakrishnan) 
 
See, we are starting our RE RTC power plants next year. And we will be scaling up in gigawatt 
scale. The exact sequence of scaling up we would communicate as we progress now in terms 
of all our land development activities. But we are well lined up to start gigawatt scale rollout 
for these plants. 
 
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA) 
 
Sure. So, just to kind of put that again, since there is a 2030 net zero target, so by then most 
of the internal requirement we would have reached to supply through this is that how I should 
think about it? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Sriram Ramakrishnan) 
 
Yes, I mean, I think it is fair, but also our demand, internal demand also is growing, like the 
data center example. But yes, our target is we should, ahead of what we have committed, we 
should achieve in terms of the net carbon zero for internal reliance requirements. 
 
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA) 
 
Sure. And on media, there is this big jump, Q-O-Q, in margins. Is there something about 
OpEx amortization or anything, which is the reason for it or any big jump in the margin? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
I can take that one. Look, the last quarter was the IPL. So, all of the IPL OpEx comes over 
there. So, there's a seasonal amortization thing which. 
 
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA) 
 
Okay. Understood. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
33 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Sec) 
 
Hi, sir. This is Prabal from ISEC. Can I just slip in one question? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh V Srikanth) 
 
Of course, I will let you do this. I just wanted to say maybe two more questions and then 
break for dinner. Of course, we will be there to… we can have that conversation. And even 
before that I do want to wish you all a very happy Deepavali and please join us for dinner 
after this, after these two questions. 
 
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Sec) 
 
Thank you, sir. Can I complete it? Just on the petrochemical business, you mentioned about 
the advantages in terms of ethane sourcing and the pricing advantages versus naphtha. Just 
wanted to see, can we get a sense of what percentage of our overall throughput today, if you 
can just give a broad sense between ROGC, Naphtha cracker and ethane, are we doing right 
now? And is it really possible to shift a significant proportion from, let’s say, naphtha, from 
ethane, even from these levels? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Amit Chaturvedi) 
 
Broadly speaking approximately 25% is naphtha approximately and 25% is ethane and 50% 
is off-gases. But there is a little bit of shift which is possible. depending upon where the 
absolute prices are, depending upon how much off-gases does Srini give us in the 
petrochemical business from his cokers, from his FCCs, from the refiners and different units 
because off-gases are a pool of gases which are coming from different units and the 
economics of each component of those gases as well. So, I have given you a broad breakup 
of that. Increasing ethane, we want to increase it to the best number possible, but it is of 
course limited by the infrastructure that the supply chain that we have built from US to India. 
And of course, as we all know, I mean currently because of the Suez Canal disruptions we 
are going via Cape of Good Hope that has slightly had a slight impact on that as well. Going 
forward we will have extra new vessels also which we have already ordered and that should 
further improve the ethane availability for the system. 
 
Company Speaker (Sh V Srikanth) 
 
This quarter there were some practical opportunities for getting ethane, which enabled us to 
get the benefit of these economics. 
 
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Sec)) 
 
Sir, can we also get a sense of the, just any update on the expansions that are happening, 
the PetChem expansions that were announced earlier, just progress on that and the timelines 
on those expansions? 
 

 
 
 
 
34 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Company Speaker (Sh Amit Chaturvedi) 
 
These are very large projects. As of now, our target is to complete them by next year, next 
year end, calendar year end. That is the target we are running with. But these are, as I said, 
I am talking about PVC project right now. And as it is a very large and complex project. It has 
caustic chlorine in it, it has EDC, VCM, PVC and it is across two sites. So huge complexities 
around it. Our target still remains next year end. 
 
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Sec)) 
 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Company Speaker (Sh V Srikanth) 
 
I think you should take it as his personal target to do it by end of the year, so these are always 
end up doing very tight, so let stick to be realistic on this. 
 
Questioner (Aditya Suresh, Macquarie) 
 
Hi, this is Aditya Suresh, Macquarie. I had one question on the media business. You have 
seen a really big bump up in monetization this quarter. You also have 400 million monthly 
active users. So, on the media business can you speak more about the headroom which you 
are seeing in terms of monetizing these users, more ad revenues, etc? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Kevin Vaz) 
 
Sorry, can you just repeat that again? I am sorry for interrupting you. 
 
Questioner (Aditya Suresh, Macquarie) 
 
This quarter, you saw a big bump up in your ad monetization in the media business. You also 
had the 400 million monthly active users. Could you speak about the headroom there for that 
business as you are building it out? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Kevin Vaz) 
 
Actually, we are just at the start of our business at the moment. As I said, our whole objective 
for this quarter is how could we transfer audiences from cricket onto entertainment. And with 
the kind of shows that we put up and the technology, where we can actually customize and 
reach out to customers and send them content, is what has shown us this growth. So yes, I 
feel this is just, for us, if I have to look at it, it is just the third quarter that we are in. And our 
ambition is to try to grow this viewership even more, or the monthly active users even more. 
So, as we grow the viewership or the monthly active users, it automatically reflects on 
revenue. And CTV monetization for us is much higher and that is where you are seeing this 
growth. 
 

 
 
 
 
35 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Company Speaker (Sh Anshuman Thakur) 
 
So, the last quarter was IPL because it obviously put that in the context. IPL gets us Crores 
of people we had 600 million odd last quarter, so not really comparable between that and 
this. 
 
Company Speaker (Sh V Srikanth) 
 
In the context of IPL to retain this many MAUs in the context of entertainment I think we were 
pretty delighted with the kind of numbers in terms of what it was. 
 
Questioner (Aditya Suresh, Macquarie) 
 
And with JioMart, you have seen good traction and good scale-up. Can you maybe call out 
about what is different in this version of JioMart compared to previous iterations? And also, 
as you scale JioMart in your digital kind of business, there has not been a commensurate 
reduction in margins at an overall retail level. Can you speak about how this model of JioMart 
may be different from some of the other quick commerce models we are seeing? 
 
Company Speaker (Sh Dinesh Taluja) 
 
So, I think 2 things right, if you look at JioMart in the initial avatar was about scheduled 
deliveries right. And at that point in time, consumer behavior adoption, especially on groceries 
was very different over the last couple of years. If you look at it, quick commerce has really 
picked up where people are looking for instant deliveries, right?  
 
If you look at that market has grown substantially. We were a bit late compared to some of 
our peers in that, but we pivoted our model sometime last year. And once we have kind of 
pivoted to that model, we had to change our model completely from next day delivery, which 
was our base model to we started with 60 to 90 minute delivery to 30 minute delivery to now 
significantly lower than 30 minute delivery to match competition, right?  
 
So, we have re-pivoted our model completely. The way we the way we pick and pack online 
orders the way we deliver, setting up the dark store network, dark stores, we started setting 
up over the last two quarters, right? Customer behavior is already there, right? Customers 
are getting used to Quick Commerce. What you have to communicate is your proposition.  
 
My proposition is the strongest because I have the widest assortment, right? I have the best 
pricing. We do not differentiate between pricing in our stores and on JioMart, right? Thirdly, 
we do not have any hidden charges. We do not, what you see is what you get. You don't get 
any charges when you are checking out which are not transparent in nature. Right. So that 
proposition is clicking well with the customers.  
 
We waited for some time. We wanted our pivoted model to be stress tested before we go out 
and make the firm promise. Right. Once we were very confident our model about our model 
that we are able to meet the delivery timelines of competition, we have gone out and 

 
 
 
 
36 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
communicated our proposition. You get speed delivery, you get no hidden charges, you get 
best pricing, widest assortment. So, I think that is resonating very well with customers. Right. 
So that is a journey we have gone through.  
 
If you look at it, there has been substantial scale up in the last two quarters. And that is 
already numbers, this is a festival season compared to the September numbers, October 
numbers are meaningfully higher already. And hopefully, after the festive season, the 
numbers will sustain.  
 
Other advantage that we have is we are not just a grocery quick commerce. We have also 
put our other categories on to the right. If you look at a normal quick commerce player, they 
have maybe a very few set of assortments, maybe an iPhone, new model launches, delivery, 
or something. Right. In my big box electronic store, the entire grab and go assortment is 
available for delivery within a 30-minute timeline. Right. So, the choice is available to the 
customer.  
 
Similarly, fashion. Nobody can do that kind of because of my store network that I have. Right. 
The offering has to be obviously curated. So, I think the platform has gone through its journey. 
The customer behavior, customer expectations have also evolved. And I think we have got 
our model absolutely right there. And as a result, we are growing pretty rapidly.  
 
Also, big advantage we have is if you look at the competition today is mainly in the top 10, 20 
cities. We are present in almost a thousand cities. Competition will take many years to reach 
where we already have a head start there. What we have to do is take share away from 
competition in the bigger cities and wherever I am present, I have to firmly establish myself 
before anyone gets there.  
 
So that is a big advantage that I have. Nobody has the kind of network that we have in order 
to deliver this proposition to the customers, both in terms of network, the scale, the 
understanding of what sells in each geography. Because grocery, a significant part of the 
assortment is localized, right? We already know what sells in that region because that is what 
we merchandise in our stores. So that is a big advantage that we have over anybody else.  
 
And I think we have got our pieces right and that is why you are seeing significant 
acceleration. I am hoping all of you are using JioMart. If not, please absolutely use it and 
experience the proposition for yourself. Thank you. 
 
 
