 
Registered Office 
Gems & Jewellery Complex, Santacruz Electronics Export Processing Zone, Andheri (East), Mumbai‐400096. India 
Phones: (022) 28291893/28290396/28292397 Fax : (022) 28292885 Email:‐ investorrelations@goldiam.com 
 Website: www.goldiam.com 
November 15, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 526729 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai- 400 051. 
Scrip Code: GOLDIAM EQ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings call on Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and 
Standalone) for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 held on 
November 13, 2025 at 03.30 p.m. 
 
In continuation of our letter dated November 5 & 12, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed a transcript of the Earnings Call held on November 13, 2025, on Unaudited Financial 
Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the above on record and oblige. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Goldiam International Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pankaj Parkhiya 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer (ACS 30395) 
 
PANKAJ 
PARKHIYA
Digitally signed by PANKAJ PARKHIYA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0334, 
pseudonym=a095f7dc78634c13a3bacacaefff
e4ba, 
2.5.4.20=20fe52eeeffb9343afb0e340d5a6fdb
c7c635c54f077beb9849a60a7f697db37, 
postalCode=400068, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6589d711b0fc6c5e6f4641323
7fe671e0af1f76000d17313054b761f06d7060
f, cn=PANKAJ PARKHIYA 
Date: 2025.11.15 14:49:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Goldiam International Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RASHESH BHANSALI – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – 
GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MR. ANMOL BHANSALI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL DANI – MONARCH NETWORTH CAPITAL 
 
 
 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, and welcome to Goldiam International Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by Monarch Networth Capital Limited.  
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Dani from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Dani: 
Yes. Thank you, Shifa. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, 
we're delighted to host the senior management of Goldiam International. We have with us Mr. 
Rashesh Bhansali, Executive Chairman; and we have Anmol Bhansali, Managing Director of 
the company.  
We will start the call with opening remarks from the management and then move to Q&A. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rashesh Bhansali: 
Thank you, Rahul. Good afternoon, and welcome to Goldiam's Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings 
Call. I would like to thank Monarch team for hosting this call. We are extremely happy with 
what we have achieved during the first half of this financial year. Goldiam posted an all-round 
growth of over 40% in our revenues and profits for Q2, as well as H1 of FY '26. However, as 
you know, Q2 also was one of the toughest quarters for the jewellery export sector, as the 
USA, our primary market, introduced hefty tariffs.  
During Q2, the United States raised tariffs on several Indian export categories, including lab-
grown diamond and natural diamond jewellery from the earlier 16% to a steep 56%. This 
policy shift created significant challenges for the Indian jewellery exporters. At Goldiam, we 
responded swiftly with a U.S. origin casting model, a globally accepted and compliant 
approach that effectively mitigated tariff exposure.  
Through its U.S. subsidiary, Goldiam began casting raw gold into unfinished jewellery pieces 
within the United States, providing employment and job opportunities domestically in the U.S. 
These castings were then shipped to India for alterations, including processes like polishing 
and diamond setting. By establishing U.S. Product of Origin through rulings from U.S. 
Customs, our production of finished jewellery minimized the net tariff impact. 
Despite this disruption, which impacted our B2B operations for about 30 days during Q2, 
Goldiam's Q2 consolidated revenues increased by 43% Y-o-Y. Our half year revenue grew by 
41%. Goldiam continues to expand its wallet share amongst key customers, resulting into 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
sustained growth in the first 2 quarters of FY '26. EBITDA for Q2 as well as H1 grew by 37%. 
EBITDA margin for H1 FY '26 remained stable at 21.6%.  
Consolidated PAT for Q2 and H1 grew by 42% and 47%, respectively. Lab-grown diamond 
jewellery exports contributed 90% to the B2B sales in Q2 FY '26. Online revenues accounted 
for 20% of the revenue during Q2. About 72% of the inventory finished jewellery as on 
September 30, was with customers as finished stock of jewellery to be sold in subsequent 
months with the retailers. Goldiam's order book position as on September 30, was about 
INR200 crores. We are looking forward to a busy holiday season despite operational 
challenges with the U.S. casting model in place. 
Now let us share updates on ORIGEM, our India-focused B2C lab-grown diamond jewellery 
retail brand. During Q2, Goldiam successfully raised INR202 crores through a QIP to 
accelerate expansion of ORIGEM. ORIGEM now operates 11 stores across Mumbai, Noida, 
Bengaluru. During Q2, ORIGEM recorded a total revenue of INR2.8 crores, with an average 
store fleet of only 6 stores.  
All the new stores have received enthusiastic response from customers, especially during the 
festive months of October. By next year, with significant number of ORIGEM stores, Goldiam 
will benefit from the festive seasons in India, as well as the USA. 
During coming quarters, ORIGEM will now further strengthen its position in North India and 
South India. About 15 to 18 additional stores are at various stages of fit-outs, negotiations, and 
legal formalities. By March 31, 2026, the company will have 20 to 25 operational ORIGEM 
stores. 
With that overview, I'm happy to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question is from the line 
of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. My first question is regarding what sort of 
growth can we expect on the B2B segment for the next two years, when largely the penetration 
of lab-grown seems to be done in U.S., because after a base -- because the transition has 
already taken place, which is reflective. Almost 90% of our revenue is now from lab-grown 
diamonds. So if you can just explain, is there more room for us to penetrate within the 
vendors? And how should we look at the B2B segment for the next 2, 3 years? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Bhavya, Anmol here. Thank you for the question. I'll take this up [Inaudible 0:06:40] account 
for 90% of our sales, but that's only a percentage of our sales [Inaudible 0:06:52] we expect 
30% to 35%... 
Moderator: 
Sorry for interrupting, sir. Anmol sir, your line is breaking. 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Am I audible now? 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, much better. 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure. So Bhavya, as I mentioned, lab-grown diamond jewellery for all our large customers, 
particularly the largest retailer in the U.S., on a value basis, is less than 30% or 35% of a 
percentage of their sales. So the segment is still growing. It's just that we are already 
completely penetrated in the lab-grown segment. 
So as the industry itself grows -- because there's a lot of room for the industry to grow, our 
focus and concentration on lab-grown should show you that we are going to benefit from the 
natural tailwinds of this segment of the industry growing. So we still are extremely confident 
on the B2B segment, export revenue coming in from Goldiam and Goldiam USA. We believe 
we can naturally grow at a healthy double-digit clip over a 2, 3 year on a CAGR basis, without 
a doubt. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Just if you can throw some light on the steady-state EBITDA and gross margin for the B2B 
business. How should one look at those numbers going forward? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
I'm sorry, could you repeat the question, Bhavya? 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Yes. Broadly, if you can just guide on the gross margin and EBITDA for the B2B business 
going forward? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure, sure. Sounds good. So on an EBITDA basis, we continue to track in the broad range, 
18% to 21%, 22%. That's a broad range of our EBITDA guidance. We are fairly confident of 
achieving this. In fact, if anything -- see, moving forward, we might have an upside potential 
for a few quarters, given the transition to the new hybrid manufacturing model, where we are 
also casting in the United States. 
On a gross margin basis, there are fluctuations quarter-to-quarter. Either that's driven by -- one 
area that drives that is that there is stock that we, of course, have sold into the United States, 
but our U.S. subsidiary has to sell forward and book its own profit in the subsequent quarter.  
And the second would be due to volatility of raw material, such as gold prices, where we may 
have booked at a certain rate and sold in at a certain different rate. On average, I would look at 
our gross margins on a full year basis, which would be pretty steady if not slightly hopefully 
growing at least for the next couple of quarters. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Just one thing on the retail side -- commendable execution with store openings. Just wanted to 
understand in Q1, our total retail sales was closer to INR3.2 crores versus in Q2, our number 
has fallen to INR2.8 crores, whereas in Q2, it was -- there were festive season across. So any 
specific reason for this? I know that the stores were new, but still -- yes. 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure. So we had a large store opening and large store opening event in Q1. So that has, of 
course, helped to boost the numbers. In Q2, in fact, very -- like on the opposite side, there was 
no festive period. June, July -- sorry, July, August, September being a lull period, does not 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
really the general festive footfall that had come through. Also, we didn't have too many new 
store openings happening in Q2. 
You'll see a dramatic pickup in Q3, and we're very excited with the new stores that we have 
launched. October has been our strongest month yet. In fact, just in October sales, we would 
have nearly completed all of Q2 sales for ORIGEM on the B2C side. Again, that's due to a 
push, of course, with Dhanteras and the festive period, but we're seeing strength coming in 
from all stores.  
And we're very excited now that we have some key mall stores also signed and opened, 
particularly Phoenix Palladium, R City Mall, Ghatkopar and a whole bunch more coming up 
between now and December end. So you'll certainly see all these numbers now inching 
upwards significantly. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Wonderful, wonderful. Just on the total store count, where you have guided for the next 1 year, 
but if you can just guide on a maybe 3-year basis. Because your aspiration was to open closer 
to 200 to 300 stores when it comes to ORIGEM brand. So with the fundraise, I believe that the 
path is now clear. So can you guide when exactly can we see the entire 200 store opening 
across? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
So we're not able to guide on that. Very honestly, the fundraise provides us liquidity capital 
and investment capital for about 55 to 65 stores, in that range, depending on the type of store, 
store format that we open, 50 to 65 stores. That's completely under the COCO model. At some 
point, we will also open the taps for the franchisee model. That will happen perhaps within the 
next calendar year, certainly next financial year.  
So we will be able to give better guidance on that perhaps in six months. At the time being, all 
our attention and focus on B2C and ORIGEM is going towards utilizing the fundraise and 
opening stores in the right locations, best-in-class locations as much as possible across the 
country. So we're very, very excited. We have already perhaps signed more stores than are 
already opened. So I think within the next 6-month period, we'll see an easy, easy doubling of 
stores, easy. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Dixit Doshi from White Stone Financial Advisors Private Limited. 
Dixit Doshi: 
First of all, congratulations for a wonderful performance in H1, given what is happening 
globally. My first question is if you can elaborate slightly on the demand part in the U.S. for 
our B2B business. Considering our order book is INR200 crores, which is healthy. But if I see 
last year Q2 end, we were standing at much higher order book for the season. So if you can 
elaborate on that? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure. Thank you, Mr. Doshi. We're seeing good traction with our customers. There is no issue 
that we see on demand. In fact, we see Q3 to be -- I mean, last year, Q3, we had a very strong 
uptick in revenue. We are hoping this year to certainly match that, hopefully, growth as well, 
but we'll see as the quarter shapes up and builds up. It's very important for us in this quarter to 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
execute in Q3 to execute on our dot-com sales, which end up being a large portion of sales of 
the quarter. 
They are an ad hoc and they come -- effectively, they come, get delivered and get booked all 
within a 7- to 10-day period. So executing on that and delivering that while still casting in 
U.S., is an operationally challenging piece of the puzzle that we are working on and worked on 
already. So I think we're demand-wise not seeing any issue. Lab-grown penetration continues 
to grow, especially for all our key customers.  
We will, of course, just be focusing on our execution, getting our operational metrics in place, 
working on improving our speed of turnaround, especially with casting in the United States. 
And I think that will naturally lead to further growth and booking of revenue at Goldiam. 
Dixit Doshi: 
In terms of dot-com sales, so how we are executing? Because earlier, we were getting the order 
and executing in within 6 to 7 days. But now with us doing a casting there, then bringing the 
product in India and then again forwarding there. So how that time line has extended? And can 
that impact our dot-com sales? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Yes, absolutely. So the time frames, as you rightly mentioned, have definitely gone up for the 
dot-com business. And of course, the back and forth, as you can imagine, is pretty significant. I 
really must take a moment to commend our teams, both in India and in the U.S. to deliver the 
revenues we are delivering and knock out the things for this operating model, even for a 
business model like dot-com, where we are casting single-piece items across hundreds of 
pieces every single day in the U.S. today. 
On that note, yes, time frames have gone up. We have not seen it really impact the units as 
such right now. We're seeing a pretty healthy revenue coming in from dot-com, particularly 
this quarter onwards. At some point for a few weeks in Q2, we had to pivot dot-com off until 
we could manage to get our entire U.S. casting model set up ongoing and live. Currently, as we 
stand, everything is on, everything is running smoothly with, of course, a few extra days of 
lead time that we have to pass on through the customer to end customers. 
Dixit Doshi: 
My last question is on the inventory part. So our inventory has gone up sharply this quarter. So 
I mean, is it for the preparation of the festive season in the U.S. or also due to -- since we are 
facing this U.S. casting model, so we are keeping higher inventory just to meet the seasonal 
demand? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Right. So it's absolutely both, where, of course, in general, Q2 ending, we do see a higher 
inventory every year, because we are building in for the holiday sales period in the U.S. But 
particularly this year, there has been an increase in inventory because of even -- the U.S. 
casting model, where we have had to effectively invest in an additional approximately 30 days 
of gold in our factory by keeping that investment running continuously in the United States. 
We see this normalize in Q3. We will see this normalize in Q3. We're already seeing that play 
out as the gold cycle has now normalized, as well with the additional investment into the 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
business and into inventory from our side. So yes, I think it is a path and a requirement of 
knocking in correctly our U.S. casting model, which we have had to take in order to get the 
cycle started. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Just one last thing. So you did mention that we are seeing traction in our ORIGEM stores from 
October onwards. But if I say, let's say, the initial stores -- like the Borivali, Bandra, if we see 
those stores -- how they are performing after the initial sales, let's say, in terms of footfalls, in 
terms of conversion of sale, how they are performing, the initial stores which have completed 5 
to 8 months of presence? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure. So it's decent, Mr. Doshi. There is -- of course, it fluctuates month-to-month, but we are 
largely satisfied with the sales and the sales result of even the older store fleet. Most of the 
older store fleet is inching close, if not crossing breakeven on its monthly sales. So we hope to 
continue that track record. 
We are very excited to also -- and we are very bullish on even South and North. The few stores 
that we have opened up in the first month itself have been delivering some wonderful numbers, 
in fact, crossing quite a few of the Bombay stores. So the focus as well is now to expand store 
fleet across the country.  
Given what we are seeing and signing in terms of locations, both within key malls as well as 
high street locations, I feel that we are well poised to -- within the next couple of quarters, be 
among the leader of lab-grown jewellery retailers in India, especially those that have their own 
company-owned/company-operated stores. 
And number two, one of the only retailers with a true national presence, where we will have 
stores open in North, South and West, all 3 versus solely being -- and significant stores open in 
all 3 regions versus solely being focused on just one. So we're very excited that this will help 
build our brand, and the awareness with partnering with key malls will further help to boost 
visibility for the ORIGEM brand in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Harshit Singhi from Green Investment LLP. 
Harshit Singhi: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. It was way beyond what we had expected, including it. I 
had two questions. The first one being that there has been a lot of articles recently, some state 
that the lab-grown industry is dead, whereas on the other side, some state that the demand is 
still robust. But today, I wanted to hear from you what -- like what is actually going behind the 
scenes in the industry? Can you please elaborate on the demand scenario, the supply overhang, 
if any?  
And what kind of customers are coming in to buy your product at the ORIGEM stores? I mean 
that will be very helpful to -- for the investor community to get some clarity on what's actually 
going around in the lab-grown diamond sector in India, specifically. 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure. Thank you, Harshit. I'll give it my best shot. First of all, thank you for the comments. 
Again, I will echo again that I must commend our teams in India and in the U.S., to have 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
executed this Q2 despite all the challenges we had. Regarding the lab-grown diamond industry, 
we still see demand very, very robust globally. In fact, coming back to Mr. Bhavya's question 
also, I forgot to mention that we have also started and cracked a customer in Israel, one in the 
Middle East, and further penetration with one smaller existing customer in Australia, 2 out of 3 
of which are also focused on creating jewellery lines with lab-grown diamonds.  
So I think, of course, it's well known that the industry is very well penetrated in the U.S. and 
growing, taking over in terms of the middle and upper middle income segments. But it's very 
encouraging to see additional regions come on board and start purchasing lab-grown diamond 
jewellery, though at their own scale. In India, we are also -- the type of customer profile that 
we're seeing is, in fact, the one learning is it's not such a young customer.  
It's, in fact, somebody in the mid-30s to mid-to-late 50s. And she's coming in as somebody 
who's already bought diamond jewellery in the past, not somebody who's completely new to 
the category, but perhaps maybe new to the solid air buying category. And that's on the general 
generic level at ORIGEM, but we have managed to track customers across the income segment 
pipeline, including to the very, very, very affluent HNI customer group as well.  
So we're seeing, in fact, that customer base come in, though please refer my comments as this 
is at our current scale. Hopefully, within 6 months, 12 months, we'll be able to continuously be 
providing better, more color on our customer profile at ORIGEM and in general. On the supply 
dynamics, we feel that, yes, there is a lot of supply. But I think now with just demand 
generally going up and not so many more machines coming on stream, at least the way we see 
it, price declines are totally now a matter of the past and don't really impact us moving 
forward.  
So we're fairly confident. In fact, on inventory and the veracity and the price stability of lab-
grown diamonds as a category, I'll open it up to our Chairman, if he wants to add on any 
comments on the supply side, given that he is very well in tuned with the lab-grown diamond 
supply industry as well. 
Rashesh Bhansali: 
Thank you, Anmol. So Harshit, I would like to say just one thing that over the earnings calls 
that we've done over the past, all the questions were asked about how are the lab-grown 
diamond prices falling down? When will it stop? And what's the issue, how much losses do we 
take on our balance sheet. But I'm very happy to answer that the prices have actually gone up.  
So in the smaller diamonds, that is $0.12 and below, right, prices have gone up 5% to 11% in 
lab-grown diamonds. Even though the production is there, the demand has exceeded 
production now. So that's very, very positive for Goldiam, very, very positive for our 
consignment product, which is out there in the U.S.  
We are very sure that in the holiday, in the coming months, especially by Thanksgiving, I 
mean, in December and ahead, right, most of the consignments will do and turn very well. 
Now when it comes to Solitaire prices, the prices are very tight. If we are asking for even $10 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
lower, we're not able to buy. So it means that there is a lot and a lot of positivity in pricing. 
And -- any further downfall from here is not possible. That would be my comment on this. 
Harshit Singhi: 
Mr. Bhansali, it was a very good explanation. I mean it gives some clarity on how the industry 
is heading towards -- what the industry is heading towards. The second question which I had 
was -- we have seen that recently a lot of venture capitalist bag companies are coming over and 
opening their stores into the similar category as ORIGEM. Just wanted to understand what is 
the brand's positioning right now?  
We have seen that there has been a lot of celebrity endorsements recently via Karan Johar, or 
maybe Parineeti Chopra. What kind of marketing is -- are you guys trying to do through 
ORIGEM? And what is the position in the brand currently? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure. Thank you, Harshit. So we are, of course, continuously tweaking on the exact positioning 
of the brand and who we are talking to and learning from our customers. We're also engaging 
in a research study to understand because the lab-grown category evolved so quickly, and 
there's so much more talk about the category in general compared to perhaps this time last 
year, we are engaging in a fresh study to understand where the consumer's mindset is. So in 
general, though, our positioning is very clear that this is a better diamond and this is the better 
way to diamonds. 
Now that means multiple things in terms of products, the lab-grown diamonds truly allow the 
user to do way, way, way more than what's otherwise accessible in natural diamonds, whether 
that means unique shapes, custom shapes that are created just for you, unique initial spends, 
etcetera, that are truly speaking to the exact customer, including specialty shapes. There's a lot 
more available as raw material and provides the jewellery designer a larger blank canvas. So 
certainly resulting in customized, personalized and more unique product. 
The second thing that we like to focus on is, of course, the price point. So compared to even 
natural diamonds, this is very clear what the pricing differential is. But even within our 
competitor basket, ORIGEM is perhaps one of the only retailers that is truly vertically 
integrated. That means every single diamond that is sold at ORIGEM is either grown or 
purchased in-house loose by the same teams that are purchasing diamonds for our export 
business at those same aggressive rates.  
We then produce the jewellery in-house and then pass on that benefit and that cost benefit to 
our customers by retailing at a sensible rate that we believe is much stronger. We don't believe, 
but that is certainly much stronger and much more sustainable over the long term than some 
other lab-grown diamond start-ups in the country. I think we're at a stage where distribution is 
going to matter over the next 12 to 18 months, and we're very grateful to our QIP investors and 
the investor community in general to support us in our fundraising because over the next 12 to 
18 months.  
Having that national brand presence and store fleet is going to be a big differentiator that will 
edge us out over younger lab-grown diamond start-ups that are filtering in the country. Lastly, 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
of course, yes. Sorry, if I can just mention that the design expertise that Goldiam brings with 
our global designs, that too will be a strong benefit and available across all ORIGEM stores, 
visibly allowing better product than some competitors. 
Harshit Singhi: 
Makes complete sense, Mr. Anmol. And I mean the industry is going through interesting 
times, and even I believe that it will take some more time to see how the industry as a whole 
shapes up in India. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers in these tough times. So Anmol, my first question is 
on our B2B business. So last year, if we look at the festive season and the entire S2V are 
coming off on a very high base of almost INR480 crores kind of revenues. And as you have 
indicated, we are expecting that we'll be able to grow from that base as well. So is that with 
this casting thing getting settled as you're saying in Q3, how should we look at our EBITDA 
margins... 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure. So just to clarify, Ankit -- thank you for the question. I mentioned our growth numbers 
on a CAGR basis over time, which we are confident given our quality, our design, our 
relationships and market penetration to grow at a healthy clip. Specifically for Q2, yes, we are 
coming off a high base, but we are hopeful and going to give it our best shot to not just match, 
but even cross those revenue numbers. 
Certainly, though, I do believe our margin profile will be very strong as the benefit of 
achieving and enacting on the U.S. casting model comes in into the company, and we then are 
able to pass on through additional costs to our customers at a slightly higher rate. So I believe 
that being able to managed production with this flow with casting in the United States is an 
edge.  
We are able to charge for it, varying certain small additional percentage of rate, again, 
depending on size of customer and the account size that we have with them. And that should 
certainly go down to our margins even despite some addition of cost in the United States. So 
we're looking forward to that playing out over the next 6 months. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So should we expect at least 20%, 30% or even 40% growth that we have done in H1 to be 
sustainable for second half as well? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
No, no, there's no such guidance we can give. We will grow for the full year basis. And over 
the next 2, 3 years CAGR, we will grow at a healthy clip, but we cannot give any such near-
term guidance. 
Ankit Gupta: 
My second question was on the Indian business. So if we -- like we keep hearing some of the 
large players in the industry are entering the LGD segment. And now it seems that they'll be 
most probably what we hear, they'll be launching LGD segment, let's say, Tanishq or even 
Kalyan entering into the segment in the coming 3 to 6 months. So with that happening and 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
some of the large players in the Surat B2B segment also planning to enter the LGD segment 
and have huge expansion plan.  
So how do you see the entire consolidation happening in the industry and the competition 
panning out with such large players entering the market with their scale and the funds that they 
have? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure, Ankit. So addressing the first part of the question first, we would welcome organized 
retail, our leaders in the jewellery space today to the lab-grown segment. I think it will only 
dramatically grow the entire lab-grown diamond segment and teach the average Indian 
consumer, who currently is a loyalty member at some of these retailer brands, that this 
category is also now within their basket of consideration when they go to buy diamond studded 
jewellery.  
I think that is going to just offer a huge flip to grow the overall size of industry in India, and 
we're very excited and hopeful the sooner that happens, the better. I think the rising tide lifts all 
boats will certainly play out in that sense.  
To your second point, we're not, at the moment, so concerned or focused on Surat-based or 
anywhere diamond companies that are entering the retail space. I think over time, we'll see 
how that plays out as and when they start setting up distribution. I will though say that already 
being entrenched in the retail industry and the kind of distribution that we have signed on, it 
will be very difficult for yet another player to keep coming on into the market.  
So we see consolidation already happening where we see some brands being a little bit more 
pushed to the wayside where large mall developers, especially the corporate groups are not so 
much considering some of the less scaled players, I would say. And that -- and I'm certain that 
that will play out even more and even more effectively in the next 1 to 2 quarters. 
If I have to put it this way, within 6 months, you will have perhaps only 3 players that would 
have more than 15 stores in the country in the lab-grown space. And over time, I think the 
number that crosses 50 may even be under 2. So consolidation is clearly playing out. Those 
companies that are then below 10 stores a year from now are not going to be sizable relevant 
players in the larger national scale that we are hoping to achieve. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Just one last question on our B2B business. So if we go through some con calls and some 
presentation of large U.S. jewellery retailers, some of which are our customers also. So they 
have been talking about LGD penetrating in the fashion jewellery segment. So any views on 
that? And how much of our sales is for bridal versus fashion jewellery as of now? And how do 
you see this shift happening more? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Yes, it's a great point. I think lab-grown offers an amazing opportunity in the fashion space and 
particularly even more for us because we are more heavier leaning on to the bridal category 
today. Again, this was by design, the bridal category in the United States offers a much longer 
lifespan for a particular style or a SKU than the fashion category. 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
It offers a lot more stability once your investment in consignment has been completed and the 
life cycle of that item is longer in terms of reorders. Though, as I mentioned, lab-grown the 
material itself provides a blank canvas to a jewellery designer. So it's very exciting from the 
fashion jewellery standpoint. 
So there's a lot more you can do in terms of shapes, uniqueness, specialty cuts, et cetera. We 
are very seriously looking at the space within, of course, our current basket of retailers, and we 
hope to bring some newness in that category and open or grow accounts wherever they already 
open within the fashion segment as well. It's a big opportunity for us. 
Ankit Gupta: 
How much is the sales for us currently, hardly any -- is there? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
So we would be about at 85% penetration in bridal. 85% of our sales would currently be 
focused on bridal with the balance in fashion. I think that maybe perhaps would start -- 
hopefully, over time, fashion would increase as a percentage of our sales and provide growth 
as well. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Ranodeep Sen from MAS Capital. 
Ranodeep Sen: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I know it's still early days, but earlier you had 
mentioned plans of onboarding a brand ambassador around the 15th store milestone. Any 
progress on that front? Given the B2C nature of the business, a strong brand can definitely will 
be critical towards the growth lever. So any thoughts around that? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Thanks, Ranodeep. Thank you for the question. So we are working on it, where our marketing 
team is reaching out to a respective brand ambassadors and working on the strategy. I think 
we're still a few -- maybe 1 or 2 quarters away from locking this. But regardless, we're 
working on many exciting marketing campaigns in the coming months to further boost 
awareness of the brand. 
Ranodeep Sen: 
I notice that many of the new ORIGEM stores are coming up in malls. So are we exploring 
potential partnerships with tie-ups for the national level malls to accelerate our expansion 
space? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
So we are generally pitching to all the key corporate mall players in the country. And 
personally, I've gone and met probably all of them at this point or a bunch of them at this point. 
I think they are very comfortable, rightly so when they have the desire to test lab-grown 
diamond jewellery as a space that they test with ORIGEM, largely because of Goldiam's 
corporate backing being publicly listed in the capital markets. They have a sense of comfort in 
working with us. 
We are definitely leveraging this to expand our presence in these key malls, certainly because I 
believe the quality of distribution that it offers is very significant and will be an edge and a 
moat to smaller competition over the coming time. There's no such partnership that any mall 
group would do. But please be rest assured, I think we are setting up ORIGEM to be first of 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
mind in case any such corporate mall group requires or is interested in introducing or testing 
the lab-grown diamond space. 
Ranodeep Sen: 
If I can squeeze in one last question. With this thing emerging with... 
Moderator: 
You may rejoin the queue for a follow-up. Next question is from Arjun from Long Equity 
Partners. 
Arjun: 
I'm just trying to understand more of what previous speaker, Ankit has asked. You have got 
through this casting strategy of yours. Would there have been some transitional frictions to get 
into that? So because of that, we could see margins still lingering around where we are right 
now for the next 1 or 2 quarters because you mentioned like you might see it in 6 months or so. 
So just wanted to understand, are you experiencing any transitional frictions here? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
So thank you for the question, Arjun. I'll just clarify. We have had to move to a dual casting 
method or dual production method given the tariffs in the United States. That means casting in 
the U.S. so that all our production is U.S. Product of Origin. We modify or alter the pieces in 
India with polishing, finishing and diamond setting here and then ship back to the United 
States.  
Those original castings that move back to -- through our distribution to retailers across the 
country. In this process, of course, there is a casting cost that we have had to incur and bear. 
But we have -- but we, of course, save on the entire tariff amount in order to bear this cost. 
Now -- what's happened is we've -- as we've tracked the model, as we've been able to open up 
and work with suppliers in the United States and then start casting over there, we went to our 
customers and said that we have -- do have higher costs.  
We will need an increment on our pricing with them. And various customers, we've offered 
various deals as a slight increment to our costing, which has, of course, all been accepted. 
That's why we see that as we are now able to minimize the tariff through this casting 
methodology, we believe that items that are now casted in the U.S. and shipped at a slightly 
higher price to customers will provide us a gross margin or gross and EBITDA margin 
advantage in the coming couple of quarters. So that's where we currently stand. And I hope 
that clarifies the question, Arjun. 
Arjun: 
Yes. Just to elaborate that part a little more. So it's been like 2 or 3 months that we have been 
trying to go over this transitional friction, right? So I'm assuming we are past that and now 
whatever comes forth, we would get a full impact of the casting strategy we adopted. Because 
if we do a calculation, maybe on a rough side, we might have 1,000 basis points advantage 
because of this whole thing. As my understanding right here? Because it's been a couple of 
months now, we have done -- gone through the strategy. 
Anmol Bhansali: 
No, I can't comment on any margin change. In fact, you have to sit down and provide color on 
that post seeing how sales order goes through. But commenting on the first part of your 
question, yes, in Q3, all products are continuously running with the U.S. casting model. So we 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
-- that system is now well set in place. Of course, there is -- it's just operationally complex and 
much more of a headache than in terms of the day-to-day work. But again, credit to our teams 
that have taken it upon a challenge. It is fully running in Q3 and moving forward. 
Arjun: 
One last question from my end. What if the tariffs normalize, what would your strategy be? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
So again, the U.S. casting model offers minimizes tariff to the extent that we pay duties on the 
diamond and labor component. It is extremely lucrative. So we perhaps would most likely 
continue that moving forward. It's our dot-com business where the quantum of styles is 
immense and the unit volume per style is extremely small, 1 piece per day 2, 3 pieces per day 
and, let's say, 50, 80, 100 pieces depending on what day it is.  
That business, if tariffs subside to a nominal level that our customers would be happy to absorb 
it as well, we would love to move that casting back to India for business continuity as well as, 
as an overall advantage to the U.S. consumer who will just be able to get their dot-com orders 
far, far, far faster than they are currently getting at the moment. 
Arjun: 
So we would go still with the casting, if I understand? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
For commercial, again, see, its conjecture depending on the rate of tariff, whatever is agreed 
upon, we'll evaluate it then. But largely, we will go continue casting in the U.S. And for dot-
com, we'll evaluate depending on where the rate stands and our customers' willingness to 
accept that tariff increment. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Amish Kanani from Knowise Investment Managers. 
Amish Kanani: 
On a good number. Sir, partly the previous question has answered the U.S. uncertainty on the 
tariff. But if you can just still give us some range of gross margin number that we were 
working. The second quarter margin was 36% versus last year being 34% and first half was 
ranging at 34% versus 39% in last year first half. So if you can give us some sense of where 
maybe gross margin will strategically help directionally, it will be higher or lower? That's the 
first question. 
Second question is about domestic brand building, sir. How are we going about building this 
brand because ORIGEM as a brand is not so well known. Of course, the new store and the new 
opening will give us some initial burst scale, how kind of the building of brand, which will 
help us long-term sales? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Thanks, Amish, and I'll answer the first question on margin guidance. Again, we stick to an 
EBITDA margin guidance that we usually give of the 18% to 22% broad range. We hope and 
we will try our best to deliver on the upside towards this range in H2, given the U.S. casting 
model that we have employed. But again, we will, for the time being, continue to stick to this 
margin guidance and of course, try our best to deliver more. 
On brand building for ORIGEM, again, I think we are at a very small scale today, where just 
opened 11 stores, 4 of which have opened only within the last 1 month, last 30 days. So we 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
have -- the first cut plan of action is to increase the store feet and the distribution outlets where 
ORIGEM is present. We hope to do that as soon as possible. I think having a national scale 
and presence will automatically aid to our brand building efforts.  
And then, of course, the layer on top with marketing, whether that's digital as well as offline 
will help to further boost awareness of the brand across the country. So I think that's pretty 
much the first priority followed by the next that we are employing along with the entire team 
that we have for ORIGEM to boost visibility of the brand in the country. 
To put in context our store numbers, we comp to everyday fine jewellery players in the natural 
diamond space, I believe the largest everyday fine jewellery players is north of 350 stores, the 
second largest player is north of 300 stores. So we have a lot of scope to expand and gain 
national presence. And we look forward to acting on this over the coming quarters. 
Amish Kanani: 
Sure, sir. Sir, as a follow-up on this U.S. thing. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Amish, sorry for interrupting. You may rejoin the queue for any follow-ups. Next question 
is from Gaatha Jain. 
Gaatha Jain: 
So I was reading somewhere about diamonds and lab-grown diamonds getting into the 
semiconductor space. So are we looking somewhere around this? Like any comments on that 
part? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
So diamonds are very exciting product as a material, it is probably the most electrical and 
thermally conductive material, far better than even silicon. We have no such plans at the 
moment that are anywhere close to being concrete. We will certainly update the investor 
community in case of any changes there. 
Gaatha Jain: 
What are the store economics for ORIGEM, like payback period, average sales per store, 
EBITDA margin, et cetera? If you could just throw some light. 
Anmol Bhansali: 
So I'll just run you through the exact model that we are following. Effectively, on the balance 
sheet side, it costs about INR3.5 crores to INR4 crores to open 1 ORIGEM store, INR2.5 
crores to INR3 crores of which is directly linked to inventory. In the lab-grown diamond space, 
about, I would say, 40% plus is actually just gold in terms of that inventory. So over INR1.2 
crores to INR1.5 crores is just the gold value of that inventory, which, again, thanks to having 
Goldiam's backing and being part of Goldiam, ORIGEM is able to utilize GMLs to push out 
the payment of this gold to 6 months post receipt of -- post-production of jewellery. 
On the P&L side, our breakeven on general are around INR20 lakhs of revenue per store per 
month. That's what we are seeing given an approx. rental cost and nominal store costs. That's a 
store level breakeven. We'll be able to provide you detailed numbers on e-mail, but this is 
where we are in terms of unit economics for the store.  

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
If you see at about a INR40 lakh monthly sale, an average store will pay back its entire 
investment within less than 3 years. So that's how the model is being built, and we hope to 
achieve these numbers very soon. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Can you just share again this INR2.8 crores of revenues that we have booked for ORIGEM, 
what would be the loss that would have been booked? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
So I can get back to you -- thank you again, Mr. Ankush for the question. I can get back to you 
on e-mail with that. I'll have the exact loss numbers not on my table currently, but I'll be able 
to get back on e-mail with that. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
The inventory value is that -- you have for ORIGEM? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sorry. 
Ankush Agrawal: 
Inventory value that you have for ORIGEM as of Q2 end. 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sorry again, not on my table currently. We have the data, but I'll be able to e-mail it to you. I'll 
get back to you on our loss for the quarter and the closing inventory for the quarter, including 
the 4, 5 stores which opened as well. I have that -- if I can request you to reach out to either 
Dissero or to our Company Secretary, I'll be surely able to reply back with those details. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Vivek Gautam from GS Investments. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Is there any entry barrier in manufacturing of lab-grown diamond, especially with Chinese 
competition coming in? And as such, there would always be a downward pressure on the lab-
grown diamond prices. And China, wherever it has entered, has sort of taken the market share 
away. So how are we tackling it, sir? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
So thank you, Mr. Gautam. China is, in fact, very honestly, the oldest player in the lab-grown 
diamond industry. Most of their factories grow lab-grown diamonds via technology called 
HPHT, which results in diamonds that are up to a certain size, more or less 1, 1.5 carat 
polished size. So that technology has been around their existing capacity for decades because 
these machines were used to grow diamonds erstwhile for industry use, cutting tool industry, 
diamond abrasive powder, etcetera. So they've been actually the oldest players in the lab-
grown industry. 
Today, again, just to clarify, Mr. Gautam, we don't see pressure on the lab-grown prices 
because the largest component of cost for diamonds even up to 2 and 3 carats of size, which is 
a very large size is actually just the labor it takes to cut and polish those diamonds. So if we 
don't -- that is all again done in India, and we don't see any reduction below that regardless of 
region in where these diamonds are grown, China or India. 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Vivek Gautam: 
Many countries like Botswana, Namibia, South Africa was so much dependent on the diamond 
-- natural diamond and basically in front of our eyes that their entire industry is being sort of 
destroyed and they sort of taking any steps against lab-grown diamond, anything of that sort, 
sir? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Nothing to my knowledge, Mr. Gautam. We don't -- because, again, we are not a diamond 
cutting and diamond trading company, we don't really interact much with the rough diamond 
side of the business, being a predominant jewellery manufacturing and exporting in a retailing 
company, we're more downstream closer towards the customer. 
Rashesh Bhansali: 
Anmol, I may want to add, Mr. Gautam, this is Rashesh Bhansali. So you have to understand 
what India needs also. So India is an exporting company -- country for natural diamonds. We 
used to import rough and then we do the value addition and we export polish or make 
jewellery. According to our Honorable Prime Minister, Make in India is one of the most 
important things that we go for.  
Right now, when we are actually exporting lab-grown diamonds, everything is grown in India, 
made in India. There is no foreign exchange that we pay to Botswana to Namibia or to London 
or anywhere else, right? And the entire foreign exchange gambit stays in India, creating 
employment within our own country, right, and with a complete back-to-back channel in 
growing lab-grown diamonds.  
So this seriously helps and there is no threat lab-grown diamonds have over natural diamonds 
because for our country, we provide higher value addition than natural diamonds. We provide 
employment equal to natural diamonds. 
Vivek Gautam: 
How has been the response to our ORIGEM stores, any competition intents to increase it? 
That's all. 
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up question from Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Just wanted to understand what has led to drop in other expenses. That is -- compared to last 
year, that has fallen. So last year, it was closer to INR18.5 crores. And this quarter, it is closer 
to INR15 crores, whereas we've opened new stores also. So I thought other expenses should 
rise. 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure. Thank you for the question, Bhavya. I have pulled out that data. We've had two major 
areas of other expense reduction. One has been marketing expense and co-ops that we must 
have incurred with -- that we had incurred with certain customers in the U.S. last year in the 
quarter. They were not incurred in this quarter in terms of a marketing co-op expense that we 
did with any retailer. And the second large part also was a sizable part of the decrease was also 
other manufacturing expenses accounting for certification costs, which were also fallen in the 
quarter. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
I just missed out on the U.S. casting thing. You said that would lead to better gross margins? 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Yes, because we are able to sell at a slightly higher price in order to afford all the expenses in 
the United States and the casting -- additional casting cost. That is sort of negated by the 
reduction in tariff and no duty on the gold value of what is being reexported to the U.S. though 
we are locked in deals with certain customers at slight additional prices. So hopefully, we'll be 
able to provide a slight margin improvement in the coming quarters. Due to price, sales also 
included. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next, we have another follow-up from Dixit Doshi from White Stone Financial Advisors. 
Dixit Doshi: 
My question is regarding the growth. So this growth which we are seeing in B2B, if you can 
elaborate, is it more due to the increase in the wallet share or over the last couple of years or 
even last 12 months, we are able to get the more customers. Also connecting to that, we had 
that Jewel Fleet, which we have launched and we were targeting the mom-and-pop stores in 
the U.S. So how has been the response there? Are we able to crack that model or not? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure. Thank you, Mr. Doshi. So the wallet share also the growth in revenue has come, I would 
say, predominantly from wallet share, but also additions of some new customers in other 
geographies. See, because we particularly focus on corporate customers, any new customer 
addition, especially in the United States, provides a sizable revenue increment.  
And in general, as we've mentioned in prior calls as well, we see a lot of scope of growth with 
our existing customer base as well by just deepening our wallet share in terms of categories we 
sell to as well as number of units in each category that belong to Goldiam. So the focus is 
utilizing our design strength and execution strength to provide growth via this channel, while, 
of course, also trying our best to add on new corporate customers wherever possible. 
Regarding Jewel Fleet, that business vertical, we sort of passed it over to a wholesaler, and it's 
now integrated with that wholesaler sales. So we're not focusing -- it's been over a year since 
we've really focused on that and part of the wholesalers' regular orders that we keep receiving 
from them. 
Dixit Doshi: 
My last question is, you mentioned about getting onboarded some retailers in Israel, Middle 
East, Australia. So if you can just broadly touch upon how big are those retailers in terms of 
number of stores or any other metrics? 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Sure. So some of them are -- I would say, all of them, in fact, are medium scale. They are 
amongst the leaders in their regions, but not -- of course, not comparing to the United States. 
We believe though, some of these retailers, their supplier base is smaller. So incrementally 
being part of their supplier base, doing our job well in terms of quality and delivery should 
result in visible revenue growth coming in from there, too. So we're looking forward to build 
on some of these accounts. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take that as our last question for the day. 
I now hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 

 
 
Goldiam International Limited
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Rashesh Bhansali: 
I want to thank all the participants for joining us today. If you have any further queries or need 
additional information, please feel free to contact Dissero Consulting, our Investor Relations 
team. Thank you all, and have a good evening. 
Anmol Bhansali: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you once again for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
