 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
                            Date: 11th November, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub 
: Transcript of the Investors/Analysts Conference Call (Group Meet) for the quarter and   
half year ended 30th September, 2025 
 
 Ref 
: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and  
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015’) 
 
With reference to the subject cited above and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 15 of                 
Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
Transcript of Investors/Analysts Conference Call (Group Meet) held on 7th November, 2025, pertaining 
to the financial results and operations of the Company for the quarter and half year ended                       
30th September, 2025. 
 
The Transcript along with the Presentation and Audio Recordings are also made available on the 
Website of the Company at www.britannia.co.in/investors/financial-performance/analyst-call.  
 
Request you to please take the above information on records.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully  
For Britannia Industries Limited  
 
 
T. V. Thulsidass  
Company Secretary  
Membership No.: A20927 
Encl.: As above 
 
   
To, 
   The Corporate Relations Department, 
   BSE Limited, 
   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
   Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
   Scrip code: 500825 
 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: BRITANNIA 
THULSIDASS 
VELAYUDHAN 
THARAYIL
Digitally signed by 
THULSIDASS 
VELAYUDHAN THARAYIL 
Date: 2025.11.11 19:07:11 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Britannia Industries Limited Q2 FY 25-26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VARUN BERRY – EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. N. VENKATARAMAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. VIPIN KATARIA – CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER, 
SALES & REPLENISHMENT 
MR. MANOJ BALGI – CHIEF MANUFACTURING & 
PROCUREMENT OFFICER 
MR. SIDDHARTH GUPTA – GENERAL MANAGER, 
MARKETING 
MR. RAMAMURTHY JAYARAMAN – GENERAL 
MANAGER, CORPORATE FINANCE 
MR. AYUSH AGARWAL – INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Britannia Industries Limited Analyst 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder all participants’ line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ayush Agarwal – Investor Relations from Britannia. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Thank you, Danish. Good morning, everyone. This is Ayush from the Investor Relations team. 
I welcome you all to the Britannia Earnings Call to discuss the Financial Results of Q2 for 
Financial Year 2025-26. 
Joining us today on this Earnings Call is our Executive Vice Chairman, Managing Director & 
CEO – Mr. Varun Berry, Executive Director and CFO – Mr. N. Venkataraman, Chief 
Commercial Officer (Sales and Replenishment) – Mr. Vipin Kataria, Chief Manufacturing and 
Procurement Officer – Mr. Manoj Balgi, General Manager (Marketing) – Mr. Siddharth Gupta 
and General Manager (Corporate Finance) – Mr. Ramamurthy Jayaraman. 
The analyst deck is uploaded on our website. Before I pass it on to Mr. Varun Berry, I would 
like to draw your attention to the safe harbour statement in the presentation. Over to Mr. Berry 
with remarks on the performance. 
Varun Berry: 
Good morning, everyone. I have kept it really tight so that we have enough time for all your 
questions. 
So, jumping into the presentation, getting to the business overview slide, the quarter has been a 
growth of 4.1% on the top line and 23.1% on the bottom line. Next slide is about the GST rate 
rationalization, the GST 2.0, which was a very welcome move by the Government. So, 85% of 
our business underwent a change in GST rates with effect from 22nd September 2025, which did 
cause a little bit of de-stocking, etc., but it was temporary. This is an important step and I think 
this is going to make that change for the entire food industry as we move forward. All those 
things have been sort of sorted out and we are now back on a very smooth sail. Next slide is 
about market share. 
The market share, we have got a sustained healthy gap versus organized national players. There's 
a slight loss for the large players to multiple local regional competitors. So, as the profit pool of 
the industry becomes larger, there are very small players and regional players coming into this 
industry. As a result of that, what we have done is we have created a healthy interaction and very 
separate businesses for all our channels. However, certain of the national players have also 
started to double down on modern trade and look at the route of discounts to make up for the 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
sales loss that they are seeing in regions. So, it's a situation that we are desisting from and we 
seem to be coasting along quite well.  
The next slide is about the commodity price trends. The commodities are looking reasonable, I 
would say. So, if you were to look at flour versus the previous quarter, we are up 2% in price 
versus last year, same quarter, we are up 6%. So, all these are numbers which are within a range. 
Palm oil sequentially is down, versus last year of course, it's up because that's when the uptick 
happened. And similarly, sugar 1% sequentially, 3% versus last year. Cocoa as well, 5% 
sequentially, 9% versus last year. Laminates as well, 2% and 1%. Milk, slight inflation, but that's 
the seasonal inflation that happens with the festival season. So, all within control.  
Getting to our strategic priorities. If you look at our consumer campaigns, we have some very 
exciting products under the Pure Magic brand now - we have got Choco Tarts, we have got 
ChocoStars, we have got the Chocolush, which has always been there, and Choco Frames, which 
has got the Harry Potter theme around it. So, very exciting products and we had a campaign 
around that. We have also got the NutriChoice 100% millet cookies, where it's doing quite well. 
It's got 100% millets, no maida, no palm oil, and no added sugar. That product is doing quite 
well. We have relaunched our Tiger Glucose under the Tiger Doodh Glucose with a recipe 
change. That's doing really well for us. We have got the Chunkies range with Coconut and 
Chocochip. And the campaign on Golmaal and 50-50 with Ravi Shastri continues.  
On the adjacency business, again Croissant and Rusk have been doing really well. The growths 
are high double digits and continue to be so. Wafers, again, is the fifth consecutive quarter of 
healthy double-digit growth, augmented by additional capacity that we are putting up in our 
plant in North. 
Our international business, Africa business continues to do well. We have a JV in Kenya, which 
is shaping up quite well. In cake, the brownie product is doing well. We have seen a change after 
our relaunch. However, we need to meet our own expectations on an overall level on cake. 
Cheese, we have seen very healthy growth in e-commerce, also general trade. And we have 
started to see sequential market share gains, which is the positive thing as far as cheese is 
concerned.  
Moving on to the next slide, which is on ESG. Our renewable energy has gone up by 13% to 
almost 45%. We have had a reduction in the water consumption in most of our plants. The 
women factory workforce has gone up to 45% by 1%. It's a small number, but significant because 
that's something that we are working on to make sure that we get this up over a period of time. 
And our Britannia Nutrition Foundation beneficiaries are up by 22% to almost 300,000.  
We have also got a certain recognition with the Golden Peacock Awards, as well as our scores 
on the S&P Global, which have gone up to 60%. So, we are happy with the progress. We are 
doubling up and making sure that we get this at a faster clip as we move forward.  

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
On medium-term business outlook, I think we are now very clear that we have got the kind of 
profitability that we have always desired. Now, it's got to be about volume-led growth, which is 
going to happen through region consumer-centric products and distribution and also making sure 
that we are price competitive in each of the regions with the key players, so that we continue to 
dominate the regions that we operate in.  
We are going to invest behind our key core brands, as we have been doing. During the 
inflationary period, there was a little bit of a setback on the investments, but now we are very 
clear we are going to double down and make sure that the extremely salient brands that we have, 
we nurture them as we go forward. So, we are looking at product restages for certain brands, 
obviously media and consumer awareness interventions to strengthen the leadership that we 
enjoy in these brands and also sustain margins enabled by cost-saving initiatives and commodity 
situation, as I said, looks pretty good and we hope that that continues. 
Getting to the financial results, revenue trends, as I said, this quarter we had a disruption in the 
third month of the quarter because of the GST implementation and I would say we probably lost 
about 2-2.5% on the top line, but that's fine. I think this is the lull before the storm. Now we are 
looking forward to a very aggressive top line growth as we move forward. 
The bottom line, the key financial lines are looking very good. As I said, net sales grew by 4.1%, 
operating profit grew by 23%, profit before tax grew by 24% and profit after tax grew by 23% 
as well. At the bottom of that table, you can see the various KPIs that we track. Profit from 
operations is up to 18.3%, profit before tax is up to 18.6% and profit after tax is up to 13.8%. 
So, that is all from me. 
Over to you guys for your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
The first question comes from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks. Good morning. Three questions. So, Varun, firstly, your statement that it is lull before 
storm and a very aggressive top-line growth, is it based on the 10% to 13% grammage addition 
which will happen in the LUP and that's a very large portion of the Biscuit's portfolio or is it 
based on the compliance levels improving in the local players because (+500) players at 5% 
GST rate, the risk reward of not being compliant is not favorable. Do you see market share gains 
for you from the local players because of the GST rate and compliance? Which is the bigger 
reason? 
Varun Berry: 
It's, I think, the latter. Obviously, there will be gains because of the grammage that we are 
increasing but I think the market share gains because of this are going to be definitely moving 
towards the organized players. You are absolutely right about what you said. So, this is going to 
give us upper hand as far as the growths are concerned and shares are concerned. 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Abneesh Roy: 
One or two follow-ups here. You mentioned on the Tiger relaunch Tiger Doodh, etc. So, to fight 
against the local players, yes, GST is definitely going to help you. But now do you need a more 
flanking price warrior kind of a product? I know Tiger is that only but Tiger Relaunch, I wanted 
to understand the thought and on your statement that in modern trade some of the national players 
are getting a bit more aggressive and till now you have not seen much of an impact but if you 
could elaborate why there is not much of impact, I wanted to understand. 
Varun Berry: 
So, as far as Tiger is concerned, we were a me too from a competitor standpoint. They were a 
glucose and so were we. So, we thought that it's important to have a reason why for our brand 
and we thought through on what was important for the consumers in small towns and villages 
and this came out to be a proposition which could really help us get established in these rural 
areas and small towns and it's actually lived up to its expectations because the initial reaction 
has been extremely positive. So, that's one and you are right, it is the brand which is the cheapest 
form of food as I keep saying. So, we are not looking at becoming 50% share, we are a single 
digit share in this. We would like to just creep up share rather than double or triple our share in 
this and we would like to be all pervasive and available everywhere. So, that is our objective. 
What was your second question? About modern trade. So, modern trade, see, what really matters 
is your brand and I think we have got very strong brands. So, these are all flaying tactics as I call 
them. When you lose something, you want to gain something and what you want to gain, if 
there's an easy way to do it, you want to do it that way. So, that's the tactic that some of the 
national players followed and we desisted from that. We have reacted to them on a case-to-case 
basis. We have not reacted to everything and we will continue to do that and it's not really 
impacted us because we have been very, wherever we have thought that it's important for us, we 
have reacted. Wherever we thought that it was not going to give any additional leverage to us in 
the long term, we have not reacted. So, I think we are going to continue with that strategy as we 
go forward. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Last quick question. Mr. Rakshit Hargave, new CEO, he joins in December. So, my key question 
here is, in terms of obviously great track record, I wanted to understand what will be the key 
priorities once he joins, between your role and his role, what will be the transition, what will be 
any demarcation, if I can understand that bit and any thought process on why he was hired? Of 
course, you have great credentials, but what was the thought process on hiring him? Thank you. 
Varun Berry: 
So, Rakshit is a great guy. I have been interacting with him ever since we hired him and I think 
he is the perfect choice. There is going to be nothing as a portfolio between him and me. He is 
going to handle the entire business, and my job will be to help him wherever he needs any help. 
So, I will not be directly handling anything as he joins. My job will be to run him in and make 
sure that he settles down absolutely well in the role. So, that's my role and that's what I am going 
to fulfil as we go forward. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So, thanks, sir. That's all from my side.  

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Hi, sir. So, just two questions. One, if you could give us a sense on how is the underlying demand 
environment, basically, how much is the GST impact and by when does it fully normalize? And 
the second bit was on the quantum of the employee cost impact because of the RSU? So, that I 
can understand the steady-state run-rate there. Thank you. 
Varun Berry: 
So, see, the RSU impact has been very minimal this time. So, that's not an impact at all. Now, 
on the demand scenario, the thing is that what we did when this GST implementation had to 
happen, which was 22nd, we had about 16-17 days to implement it. And as you know 65% of our 
portfolio is Rs. 5 and Rs. 10. So, and we had to pass the benefit to the consumer. So, what we 
did was we marked up pricing as Rs. 4.50 paisa and Rs. 9 for the Rs. 5 and Rs. 10 products. 
Now, you know as well as I do that, when you get to the market, it will not sell for Rs. 4.50 or 
Rs. 9, it will sell for 5 and 10. So, the consumer benefit from that standpoint has been very- very 
minimal. Now, end of October, about 65% of our portfolio has already got the increased 
grammages. And by the middle of November, we will have our entire portfolio with the required 
grammages and the pricing. So, that is when you will start to see the impact of that. And as we 
speak, we are seeing a very positive impact of this. And we are hoping that as we go forward, 
this will only become better. 
N. Venkataraman: 
Varun, just to add on, Avi, I am assuming your question was, why is there a drop in employee 
cost? So, that is to do with the provision that was higher in Quarter 2 of the last year versus the 
current year. So, the provision last year Quarter 2 was about 50 crores, this year has been about 
5 crores. So, that is the impact of our provision. 
Avi Mehta: 
And that is what I should adjust to get the steady run rate as we go forward. Got it. Sir, just one 
follow-up, if I may, on the demand side. Do you think 1Q was, given that 1Q also had a lot of 
impact, the storm that or the pickup that you essentially allude to or what has been seen is, I am 
just trying to get a sense of quantum, is the double-digit momentum something that we can hope 
for? I know it is pushing a little bit, but I would love to hear your comments if any. 
Varun Berry: 
Well, I would certainly think that we should be looking at getting to double digits in due course, 
because there seems to be a very positive sentiment around consumer goods and especially 
foods. So, I do think this is our moment and it will definitely bring us the kind of growth that we 
have been missing for some time. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it. Thank you very much. This is very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Mihir Shah from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Mihir Shah: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. So, firstly, on the volume growth this quarter, I know 
it has impacted. But what is the range for volume growth, essentially, for this quarter? I am 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
trying to understand the pricing that was there for this quarter and the pricing that can get carried 
forward for the coming quarter as well. 
Varun Berry: 
You are asking about the quarter that we are sitting in? 
Mihir Shah: 
Yes, 2nd Quarter, essentially understanding what was the pricing growth in the 2nd Quarter and 
what is the level of pricing growth can be carried forward or that we will continue to see in the 
second half of the year. 
Varun Berry: 
See, it's going to be a very different scenario. But the pricing growth was approximately 7% to 
8%. And now with the GST changes, etc., the pricing is very different. We have taken the drops 
as far as large packs are concerned. And we have taken grammage increases as far as the small 
packs are concerned. So, it's not going to be exactly the same scenario as far as pricing is 
concerned. So, our revenue as well as our volume growth are going to be both positive as we go 
forward. So, the pricing impact would be less than what it was. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understand. Got it. But not a material drop, right?  
Varun Berry: 
No. 
Mihir Shah: 
Secondly, on last quarter, you had highlighted there was certain disruption in the Eastern India 
distributors. Has that normalized and do you see any issue with the larger or the regional players 
getting aggressive on that? Do you think that one should build in certain caution around volume 
growth trajectory because of these things? 
Varun Berry: 
No, actually, as what Abneesh had brought about, with the GST rates dropping to 5%, there 
would be a positive impact for national players. On the East, we have stabilized to a large extent, 
I wouldn't say 100%, but we are almost 90% there. And things are looking good in the East and 
we hope to continue that momentum. 
Mihir Shah: 
And lastly, on the margins, raw material prices have been benign. We believe that the full impact 
of the soft raw material prices is yet to be seen. So, would that be a correct statement to make? 
And secondly, because you mentioned that you are happy with the margins, what kind of margins 
are you talking about? The current margins that we are seeing on EBITDA level or the gross 
level, is that what you are happy with? And any additional you will be investing in ad spend, is 
that how one should think about it? 
Varun Berry: 
So, there will be a certain amount of investments that we will make to get our products and 
brands in certain regions to be competitive, and those will be investments that we are making. 
Obviously, the brand investments, etc. will remain at the level that we think is optimal. So, I 
think now on, what we are looking at is a top-line-led, volume-led growth to make sure that we 
cement our dominance in the category. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. Thank you very much. Wishing you all the best. 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Varun Berry: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Hi. Good morning. So, two questions. First, you sort of mentioned increased focus and you have 
also mentioned making investments in the regional competition. In your opening comments, you 
also indicated that some regional competitors have gained share on the margins. So, can you 
throw a little more light on what exactly is happening? Is this a function of them launching 
differentiated products or it's just a sort of pricing gap? And second, to tie that up with the other 
comment that you made that you expect to gain market share from some of these smaller players, 
again, would this trend be true also of the regional players that you mentioned which potentially 
gained market? 
Varun Berry: 
So, this trend will be true of the regional players only. I think Abneesh had made a very telling 
comment in the beginning. Basically, what he said is exactly what's going to happen. Basically, 
there are host of these small regional players who operate in very small territories, produce 
product. We don't know their compliance on taxation. When it was 18%, the risk reward was in 
their favor. But now it's 5%, I don't think it's going to make that much of a difference. So, our 
competitiveness of the players who comply with the rules of the land is now going to be holding 
us in really good stead to be able to compete with these guys. These guys are not launching 
differentiated products. They are basically fighting on price. And that's what will become 
different now. And with our scale, with our efficiency, etc., we will be able to compete much 
better with them. 
Aditya Soman: 
I understand. So, basically, what you are saying is now that you are more competitive on price 
because their advantage on taxation goes away, you are pushing the envelope also on 
investments in the brands to be able to compete with them even better or make sure the 
consumers are aware that our products are priced better. 
Varun Berry: 
Absolutely. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi, Varun and team, 2-3 questions from my side. Let me just put them up front. So, first is, can 
you call out the growth for the September quarter adjusted for the GST pipeline disruption? 
Secondly, because of the GST rate cut, there will be some probable reduction in the government 
incentives because they get funded through the GST refunds. So, can you call out in rupees crore, 
how much will that incentive fall? And secondly, if you are receiving lesser incentive, are you 
able to sort of offset that in some other way in terms of how much price reduction or grammage 
increase you are taking or that is just competitively derived and that government incentive will 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
be a loss which will sort of not be recouped? That is the second question. And third question is, 
how do we look at the top-line growth? So, supposing you have been tracking about 9% to 10% 
recently, if you are giving 12% extra on 60% of your portfolio, that's 6% to 7% more. So, can 
we say that this 9% top-line growth will go to 15%? Is that the right way to look at it? So, these 
are my three questions. 
Varun Berry: 
So, the first question I have already answered. I think we could have grown by 2% to 2.5% more 
last quarter if the disruptions hadn't happened. Because the last month was we could have grown 
6% - 6.5% - 7% more. So, that got down and that's why it came down by about 2% to 2.5%. 
What was your second question? 
Percy Panthaki: 
Government incentives. 
Varun Berry: 
So, government incentives, yes, I will let Venkat answer that. Venkat, you want to answer that?  
N. Venkataraman: 
So, your first question in fiscal incentive was whether the benefit of reduction in GST rates have 
been passed on to the consumer as required? Yes, we have. And like Varun said, it's been done 
in two forms, price reduction in some packs and grammage increase in other set of packs. The 
second point that you asked was, is there going to be an impact on account of reduction in the 
tax rate on the fiscal incentives? Yes, there will be impact prima facie on account of this 
reduction. However, having said that, we have reached out to the state governments already 
asking them to help us, help the companies that have done the investment in those states and to 
secure the fiscal incentives. At least three out of the five state governments that we have reached 
out to, have said they will figure out some ways of securing it. So, we need to wait and see what 
happens. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Any kind of quantification, supposing if the state government doesn't accept your plea, how 
much can the reduction in the government incentive be in rupees crore, roughly? 
N. Venkataraman: 
So, that we need to work out currently. But then we are also looking at what else can be 
optimized to maximize the production in each of these factories. So, that will take a little bit of 
time to do a computation because today not everything that is required is produced in a particular 
factory for that state. So, that optimization is something that we are working on. Post that, we 
will have an idea of what's going to be the impact. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. And the third question on how do we look at growth going ahead? 
Varun Berry: 
So, growth, it doesn't work absolutely mathematically, 9 plus 6 is 15, we know that. But we are 
hoping that we get to 9 plus 6, but we could even get more than that. But as I said, it's going to 
be all about top line growth. We are going to become extremely competitive wherever it's 
necessary. We will make sure that we do everything to get our brands in front of the consumers. 
We are going to work on our overall distribution. We are going to work on channels, e-comm, 
quick comm, modern trade. So, it's going to be an all-out effort to make sure that we get our top 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
line growth. And as I said earlier, we hope that we get this back to our double-digit numbers that 
we used to do a few years ago. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
Hi, Varun. Most of my questions are answered, but I have a few clarifications. First one was, 
adjusting for GST if the revenue growth stood at 6% to 6.5%. This was a moderation from 9% 
in Q1. What led to this? Is it because of the category growth of moderating or was it due to the 
market share challenges that you alluded to? 
Varun Berry: 
No, it's not about market share challenges, Latika. It was also the timing of Diwali, etc. This 
time Diwali came a little earlier and certain other festivals in the south, etc. So, it was just a 
timing thing. It wasn't anything else. Our momentum was very similar. And we were really 
hoping to see a very-very good September. But unfortunately, it did get stymied a bit. 
Latika Chopra: 
All right. The second bit was you mentioned by mid-November, the GST impact will normalize. 
Does it mean that for the full December quarter, you will not see any negative impact, right? It 
will get flapped up in the second half of the quarter? 
Varun Berry: 
Yes, for sure. 
Latika Chopra: 
All right. And the last bit on margins, I am just taking two from the previous question. Do you 
see any material risk because of those state incentives not coming your way in December quarter 
or March quarter or there is no near-term risk on margins on account of that in case, your request 
to state government doesn't play out? We don't know the quantum; hence I wanted to check. 
Varun Berry: 
So, Latika, as Venkat said, we will have to do a full analysis on that. What is it that we can 
mitigate internally; and over a period of time, if there are certain gaps there, then we will have 
to see how we mitigate them through future price increases, etc. I don't think it's going to be that 
big, but once we do the analysis, we will be able to comment on that. However, having said that, 
as I have said, our focus on competitiveness is going to be very-very clear. And from that 
standpoint, there might be some changes in the margin structure, because I think if we have to 
get aggressive top-line growth, then we might have to look at a slight haircut as far as margins 
are concerned. So, we will have to evaluate that in this quarter. And maybe in the next quarter, 
we can comment on that. 
Latika Chopra: 
Thank you. And this very last bit, given you have a very extensive distribution reach and rural 
expansion has been one of your strategic focus areas. There have been some soundbites that 
given the way rains have played out this year. Do you sense any risk to rural growth trajectory 
at a very broader level? This is a comment more on the FMCG side. Thank you. 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Varun Berry: 
So, first, to correct you, Latika, it's not an expensive distribution. In fact, our most profitable 
channel is our general trade portfolio. It's for sure, we are going to continue that because that's 
our big muscle. And it's not impacted it. Rural is growing faster than urban even today. Vipin, 
you want to comment on that? 
Vipin Kataria: 
So, Latika, you are right. We have got a pretty wide distribution. Even as of today, rural is 
outstripping urban growth. And we will continue to go deeper and deeper in rural through our 
direct model, because we are changing a lot of this hub and spoke to direct. So, therefore, our 
rural story is looking robust. Rains have not impacted much. I don't think even from a per capita 
level or whatever happened to the crop income should not be impacting us. In a lot of cases, 
actually weather favors us because the biscuit consumption and some of the other product 
consumption actually goes up with rain. I think rural, we have a strong story. And with this entire 
GST change, affordability and value becoming better, we will grow faster in rural. 
Varun Berry: 
So, it's my previous company which gets impacted, Latika. 
Latika Chopra: 
Thank you so much and I wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. Our next question comes from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Vora: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, on biscuits, in your experience, how do consumers react 
when you add or remove a biscuit or change grammage in a Rs. 5-10 pack? Does it have any 
meaningful impact on the number of packs you sell? 
Varun Berry: 
Yes, the Indian consumer is extremely cost-conscious, and they are absolutely aware of how 
many biscuits, what grammages go in the various brands that are available in the market. So, it 
makes a difference. 
Kunal Vora: 
If you have instead of 9 cookies, instead of 8 cookies in a pack, does it like in any way reduce 
the number of packs you will be able to sell? 
Varun Berry: 
Yes, absolutely. The consumers are very perceptive. 
Vipin Kataria: 
So, yes, if you reduce the number of biscuits, we see impact on transaction. Similarly, when you 
add biscuits, the transaction tends to move up. 
Kunal Vora: 
Second is on dairy. How is Ranjangao Dairy performing compared to your estimates and how 
do you see the growth in dairy over the next couple of years? And are you looking at whey 
protein and protein drinks as an option? 
Varun Berry: 
Yes. So, performance in dairy is not as we would have expected. And the reason for that is that 
certain channels are doing extremely well. So, for us, general trade, which is the smaller stores, 
etc. are doing quite well. What has happened in dairy is that the cheese market was growing at 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
a very high pace till about last year. The overall growth has slowed down. And hence, it's led to 
a little bit of a fist fight as far as modern trade is concerned. So, we have got to sort it out. Modern 
trade is a channel which is easy to execute. It's just that we are so cost conscious that we don't 
want to open up the wallet to pass on extra discounts, etc. But it is what it is and we will have to 
do what is necessary. And we are confident. E-com is doing very well; general trade is doing 
well. We have started to deal with some of the large pizza manufacturers for institutional supplies 
as well. So, all of the channels, we are moving in the right direction. However, the final numbers 
are not what we had expected. So, we will have to make sure that we double down on this. And 
as Latika was saying earlier, on beverages, because of the excessive rains, we have seen that we 
have suffered as a result of that. But hopefully, as we go forward, that will become better. We 
are working on a lot of efficiencies within our plant to make sure that we become and if you 
guys haven't seen our plant, you have got to come and see it. It's a state-of-the-art plant in 
Ranjangaon. And we are trying to bring in all efficiencies to make sure that we become the 
lowest cost operators and we are able to derive the maximum from the efficiencies in the plant. 
So, I would say we are moving in the right direction, but not at the pace that we would have 
wanted to. But I would say, the trend is looking fine. 
Kunal Vora: 
And on protein products? 
Varun Berry: 
Yes, protein drinks we are looking at. We definitely want to do protein drinks in ready to drink 
format. We are not looking at whey powders, etc. at this stage because we are not able to produce 
that quality of whey which gets into the whey powders, which are used by professionals and 
bodybuilders, etc. So, that we are not looking at right now, but certainly looking at protein ready-
to-drink drinks. 
Kunal Vora: 
Thanks. And lastly, on advertisement spends, it looks like they might increase. Your annual ad 
spends have been hovering around 4% in last 3 years. How is the number trending in FY26? 
And should we expect an increase in coming years? 
Varun Berry: 
Last quarter, I think we have normalized our advertising spends and it will continue at that rate. 
It was only for the previous 2 years when there was a very high inflation that we had to tighten 
our belt. But last quarter onwards, we have sort of made it what it should be. 
Kunal Vora: 
Thank you. That's it for me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Hi, good morning. I just had three questions. First was, is there any inverted duty structure impact 
on the margins that you have? For example, your costs, some of them are at 18% and bulk of 
your business now is at 5% on the output. That's my first question. The second one was on how 
large is this pool of small and regional players that you allude to? Because 70% of the market is 
top three and then you have certain large, smaller players as well, organized smaller players. So, 
in terms of size of market, how large would this pool be? And the third question was in your 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
quest to increase the volume growth or drive volume growth and you also mentioned that you 
believe the company's time has come to drive higher volume growth. How do you think of 
adjacencies and outside adjacencies, newer categories, areas where you think you can play over 
the next 12-24 months or look to explore? 
Varun Berry: 
Now, let me start with your last question. So, the competitiveness that we are talking about holds 
to all of our categories that we operate in, whether it's cake, rusk, dairy, biscuits, croissant, all of 
these categories, wherever we feel that we need to be more competitive in a certain region and 
we are not talking about a broad brush across the country. It's going to be a very region, state-
led strategy that we are going to follow with not just pricing but with variants, etc. So that we 
are able to compete very aggressively with these competitors. And so that's going to be across. 
We are not looking at entering more categories. We are looking at consolidation and making 
sure that the categories that we operate in become much larger than what they are currently. So 
that is the last question. What were the other two questions? 
Harit Kapoor: 
No worries. I can refresh that. So, you have two questions. One was on the inverted duty 
structure. Is there any inverted duty structure impact on your business? 
Varun Berry: 
So, the inverted duties have been factored into the price reductions. Venkat, do you want to 
comment on that? I think he's got an issue with his connectivity. But the inverted duty, if there 
is any deficiency in that to our overall P&L, that has been priced into our price drops or 
grammages that we are increasing. Last question was? 
Vipin Kataria: 
Was on the market construct. The big three, like you said, they constitute 70% of the market. 
Then if I add significant regional players, that will be another 10% to 12%. And therefore, the 
long tail is about 15% to 18%. So those are value players. They are not on the differentiated end, 
but they are more value. And that's what we started with, that the GST should help us getting 
this entire market to be more organized, because a lot of consumers tend to shift to large brands 
and differentiated products when this kind of structural change happens. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Those are my three questions. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Varun Berry: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Nitin Gupta from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Thanks for taking my question. My first question is around; would you like to offer any 
comments around your regionalization strategy at this stage? 
Varun Berry: 
Well, the strategy is that we meet the consumer needs on a regional state basis. If there is a 
requirement to launch, let's say, to give you a live example of a jeera biscuit in the east, then 
that's what we need to do. It will be produced locally and will be supplied to the market there. 
And if there's a requirement of having a different type of Marie biscuit, in a certain part of the 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
north region, then that's what we will do. And that's what we are looking at. Even some of our 
products will have different recipes if required suiting the regional and the state requirements. 
So, that is the genesis of the regional strategy that we have. 
Nitin Gupta: 
So, this is something we were practicing and…. 
Vipin Kataria: 
Sorry. Just to add another dimension to it. So, that's, let's say, the horizontal work that we are 
doing on the regions. Similarly, even on channels like e-com and modern trade, we have today 
got exclusive launches and digital first brands, especially on the premium and the differentiated 
end. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Sure. Thank you. So, this is something which was continuing and I guess going ahead, given the 
consumer needs, this will see an acceleration. 
Varun Berry: 
Yes. 
Nitin Gupta: 
And my second question is with respect to the margins. So, gross margin like going to lap on the 
low gross margin base. Are you confident of sort of sustaining the sequential margin? And given 
A&P spendings have already sort of normalized from Q2. So, do you look to revise your 
EBITDA margin guidance? 
Varun Berry: 
We don't give any guidance. So, I will not comment on that. But our objective, as I said earlier 
as well, will be to make sure that we take our volume and revenue growths to a much higher 
level in terms of growth. 
Nitin Gupta: 
And lastly, other operating expenses is sort of down and we were assuming that it must be 
because of the lower A&P. Now, you are saying the A&P has normalized. So, would you be 
able to quantify like what exactly is the factor for reduction in other expenses YOY? Thank you. 
Varun Berry: 
There is no outlier. It is only on the employee costs, which Venkat had pointed out earlier that 
last year there was a hit of about 50 crores in the employee cost because of ESOPs, which this 
year has been minimal. So, that is the only reason. Otherwise, there is no outlier. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Sure, sir. Thanks for answering all the questions. All the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Sidharth Negandhi from CWC. Please 
go ahead. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. A couple of things. First, just one, you mentioned about 
the cheese market demand sort of being impacted. If you could throw some color on, do you see 
this being more short term? Are you seeing certain changes in consumer behavior there? And 
the second one was on your biscuit volumes; you mentioned that the Indian consumer is very 
cost conscious in terms of number of transactions he does. Now, if you are going to see an 
increase in volumes, is there a risk that over a period of 3-6 months, overall her volume of biscuit 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
that she eats is going to remain similar and therefore, you will actually see a value reduction, 
which obviously can be offset by market share gains and therefore, sort of growth remaining in 
the same 8%-9% range. These are my two questions. 
Varun Berry: 
So, on the first one, I think it's, as a result of all the inflation that we have seen in the last 2 years, 
the impact has been certainly temporary. Obviously, this was impacting the consumer's pocket. 
And these are all discretionary spends. Cheese is not like a biscuit, which you have to have every 
day. So, there must have been a cutback there. But now with this GST 2.0, with prices coming 
down, with the consumer feeling a little more good on the pocket, I think this will certainly come 
back because this has been probably the only year where on a cheese growth, we have seen a 
slight deceleration. So, I think this will definitely come back. And your second question was 
about? 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
So, where you mentioned right now, essentially there is a certain volume of biscuit that the 
household consumes. 
Varun Berry: 
I don't think there is going to be any deceleration as far as growths are concerned. I think it's 
only going to be acceleration as we go forward. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Sure, for you. But the category, do you see that because the volume is ultimately there is X 
million tons of biscuits getting consumed, that remains the same. And therefore, the effective 
value comes down for the category with organized players gaining share? Is that possible? 
Varun Berry: 
Well, I certainly would think that organized players would gain more share. And I think, see, 
also, you have got to remember that while the penetration of the biscuits category is reasonably 
high, but the consumption is nowhere compared to some of the other third world countries where 
the consumption per capita is very high. So, there is an opportunity, one to get slightly more 
penetration and secondly, get more consumption with the right pricing of the category. So, I 
think it's going to work both ways. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
That's useful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Varun Berry: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Amnish Aggarwal from PL Capital. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Hi, sir. I have a couple of questions. My first question is that during the GST transition, there 
was a lot of trade support provided by several industry players. So, have we also provided the 
trade support? And if yes, then what could have been its impact on our profit and loss? 
Varun Berry: 
Yes, we did provide trade support during that time, but nowhere compared to what the other 
players did. So, ours was very minimal because we knew that this is going to only push product 
into the warehouses of distributors and in certain cases, large retailers. But the consumption 
would happen at the same pace. So, it doesn't give any consumption benefit to that extent. So, 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
we kept it to the bare minimum. But we did do it because in the last week, we did do some trade 
support. Vipin, you want to comment? 
Vipin Kataria: 
I think we were very cautious. And like Varun said, we didn't want the stock to pile up in the 
trade, because then that gets adjusted. So therefore, it was very measured. And our whole intent 
was that how do we help our channel partners to basically liquidate their inventories, and it was 
done with that intent and not to stock up the trade. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Is it possible to quantify the same? 
Varun Berry: 
No, I have already quantified it. So, we could have probably grown 6%-6.5%-7% more in the 
last month of the quarter, which could have overall given us maybe 2%-2.5% extra growth for 
the full quarter. So, and that's what we had in our plan. And we did have a downside there of 
about 7%. So that is what it could have been. And that's the quantification. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Sure. So, my second question is on the other expenses. There are two elements. One is your staff 
cost, which has been down by say around 20% odd mainly because there is no your stock 
appreciation rights provision. But the other expenses in absolute terms, they are down by 
approximately 4% in standalone, you are in consol and even in standalone, they are down. So, 
any particular reason why the expenses have declined? 
Varun Berry: 
There is no outlier there. There is no one time impact. It is what it shows.  
N. Venkataraman: 
So, this also has the impact of volume being lower compared to the comparable period - the 
growths. So that's the reason why you also see because the other expenses include things like 
conversion charges, freight charges, etc., which are variable to the volume. So, to the extent 
there is a reduction in volume, there is an impact on these costs. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Sure. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Nihal Jham from HSBC Bank. Please 
go ahead. 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes, good morning, Varun, and team. Three questions. The first one was on market share. You 
mentioned about looking at it from a grid perspective. If I had to look at it from a product and 
geography perspective, which are the missing parts that we are obviously trying to fill in the 
gaps and that sort of helps us gain market share? 
Varun Berry: 
Let me answer one at a time because when you fire at three at a time, it becomes difficult. So 
quickly on market share, you know that our focus has been on the Hindi belt. And the Hindi belt 
has been performing really well on a low base, albeit. So Hindi belt share gains have been very 
good. The second one where we have lost share is in the East and I have spoken about that as 
well. We have normalized our distribution infrastructure, and I would say not fully, but to a 90%. 
But from now on, we will start to see our market share and revenues and volumes moving in the 

 
Britannia Industries Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
right direction and in the East as well. So those are the two areas. I think from a consumption 
standpoint, some of the larger markets like South, we have got to figure out how we get them to 
grow much faster than they are growing because it's such a large market for us. The growths 
there have to be getting to double digits and that's what we are going to drive there. We have got 
to figure out how do we get industry to grow because there we dominate the market. So that is 
going to be a challenge and a strategy for us as we move forward. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure. The second one was on the gross margin part. Now, is it right to understand that say the 
negative impact of palm oil and all is completely behind with the price hikes and the cost of the 
initiatives we have taken? And from here, this is the rendering that should sustain ex of any 
initiative that we try driving to gain market share? 
Varun Berry: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Nihal Jham: 
Perfect. Last bit, is there been an increase in aggression or change in strategy specifically for the 
adjacencies on the quick commerce or e-commerce side? It's also coming from the comment you 
made and say looking at it anecdotally, just wanted your thoughts on that. 
Varun Berry: 
No, so we have not been as aggressive as we should be on some of the adjacency products. 
Wherever we have been aggressive, we have seen very-very good growth. Like, for example, 
croissant, rusk, as well as wafers. These are the three categories where we have been aggressive 
and we have seen very good growth. Actually, e-commerce and quick commerce, we have seen 
growth for all our adjacencies. We have seen very good growth. There is some categories which 
we need to work on. Obviously, we have got to figure out both the pro and the con. How do we 
get more aggressive at the same time, how do we find efficiencies to counter that? And we are 
looking at doing that as we move forward. 
Nihal Jham: 
Thank you so much.  
Varun Berry: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, that was the last question for 
today. I would like to now hand the conference over to Mr. Ayush Agarwal for the closing 
comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Thank you, everyone, for spending time with us on the call today. We look forward to interacting 
with you again in the future. Thank you and have a good day.  
Varun Berry: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Britannia Industries, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
