 
 
 
 
RL/SE/25-26/63 
 
November 3, 2025 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Conference Call Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the conference call held on October 28, 2025, with respect to the 
financial results of Raymond Limited for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rakesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Rakesh 
Muljibhai 
Darji
Digitally signed by 
Rakesh Muljibhai 
Darji 
Date: 2025.11.03 
16:22:23 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Raymond Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT AGARWAL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. GAUTAM MAINI – MANAGING DIRECTOR –
ENGINEERING BUSINESS – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. NAVIN SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ENGINEERING BUSINESS – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. JATIN KHANNA – HEAD, CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNNY DESA – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SANJEEV ZARBADE – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Raymond Limited Q2 FY '26 and H1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Zarbade from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the participants in 
the Q2 FY '26 and H1 FY '26 Conference Call of Raymond Limited. Today, we have with us 
from the senior management of Raymond Limited, Mr. Amit Agarwal, Group CFO; Mr. Gautam 
Maini, Managing Director, Engineering Business; Mr. Navin Sharma, CFO, Engineering 
Business; Mr. Jatin Khanna, Head, Corporate Development; and Mr. Sunny Desa, Head, 
Investor Relations. 
So, without taking further time, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Gautam Maini. So over 
to you, Gautam.  
Gautam Maini: 
Thank you, Sanjeev. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q2 FY '26 
and H1 FY '26 results conference call. On behalf of the entire management team, I would like 
to take a moment to wish you all a very Happy Diwali and a Prosperous New Year. May the 
festival of lights bring you and your families great health, happiness and prosperity. 
 
I hope everyone has had the opportunity to go through our financial results and investor 
presentation, which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as on the company's 
website.  
 
Let me start by talking about the broader macroeconomic landscape that has influenced our 
performance and strategic decisions. India's economy maintained its growth momentum in Q2 
FY '26 with the GDP now projected to reach 6.8% for the full fiscal year, supported by resilient 
domestic demand and structural policy reforms. 
The Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index, PMI, averaged approximately 58.7% during 
the quarter, reflecting strong industrial activity and resilient demand conditions. The Indian auto 
industry demonstrated a multifaceted performance in Q2 FY '26 with stable domestic activity in 
most categories being complemented by a moderate surge in international shipments due to U.S. 
tariff impact. 
The domestic market, which gained momentum in September with the early festive season and 
favorable GST 2.0 reforms saw healthy growth in the 2-wheeler segment, 5.56 million units, 
which is a 7.4% growth. 
The commercial vehicle segment showed 2.4 lakh units with an 8.3% growth and a record-
breaking quarter for 3-wheelers, 2.29 lakh units with a 9.8% growth, while passenger vehicles 
remained tentatively flat at 10.4 lakh units approximately, 1.5% growth.  

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
This domestic performance was bolstered by a powerful export engine as total Made In India 
shipments climbed 26.2% to a new high of 16.85 lakh units. This international success was 
broad-based, highlighted by a 23% rise in passenger vehicle exports, 2.24 lakh units and a 68.4% 
jump in 3-wheeler export driven by robust demand from key markets in Africa, Latin America 
and the ASEAN region. 
 
Across global markets, the automotive sector continues to exhibit caution with muted demand 
in both passenger and commercial vehicle segments. Additionally, the escalating tariff in U.S. 
is creating new challenges, particularly for Indian exporters of drivetrain and structural 
components.  
 
The aerospace sector continued its momentum in Q2 FY '26, driven by defense-related demand 
continued localization efforts. The union budget allocation of INR6.81 lakh crores for defense, 
including INR48,614 crores for aircraft and aero engines supported new orders and supplier 
engagement.  
 
Inflationary pressures were modest, but evident in titanium and select aluminum alloys. 
Geopolitical tensions, Russia, Ukraine and the Middle East created localized uncertainty, though 
core aircraft manufacturing remained steady. India-U.S. tariff friction remains a temporary 
headwind for exports.  
 
Global OEM activity remained robust. Airbus delivered 507 aircraft and Boeing 440 during the 
quarter, both reflecting recovery and easing supply bottlenecks. Indian suppliers benefited as 
OEMs diversified sourcing towards India to mitigate Western capacity constraints. Export 
demand from the U.S. and Europe remained steady, although elevated tariffs on Indian 
components added complexity and delayed some shipments.  
 
Consolidated performance. Raymond Limited continued its growth momentum, delivering a 
steady quarterly performance, reporting a total income of INR564 crores, reflecting a 10% 
increase compared to the same quarter of the previous financial year. EBITDA stood at INR79 
crores with an EBITDA margin of 14.1% in Q2 of FY '26 versus a total income of INR512 
crores in Q2 of FY '25, delivering an EBITDA of INR77 crores with an EBITDA margin of 
15.1% in Q2 of FY '25.  
 
H1 performance. Total income stood at INR1,119 crores in H1 of FY '26, which is 11% year-
on-year growth from INR1,011 crores in H1 of FY '25. EBITDA stood at INR167 crores 
compared to INR172 crores in H1 FY '25. The EBITDA margin stood at 14.9% in H1 FY '26 
versus 17% in H1 FY '25. The steady financial performance was driven by the Aerospace and 
Defense and Precision Technology and Auto Components segments, reflecting a major positive 
shift in the Indian supply chain.  
 
Indian suppliers are successfully moving up the value chain from simple assemblies to producing 
highly complex precision machine components and subsystems, leading to a surge in order 
intake for both Tier 1 and Tier 2 vendors for export business. The EBITDA margin compression 
was largely driven by a decline in other income. Going forward, we continue to remain optimistic 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
about the future growth trajectory given our expansion strategy in new product categories and 
new geographies.  
 
Let's go to the segmental performance. the Aerospace business, which is JK Maini Global 
Aerospace Limited. At the segment level, the Aerospace and Defense business reported steady 
performance with revenue of INR81 crores, which has a 15% year-on-year growth and an 
EBITDA of INR17 crores, which is a 34% year-on-year growth with an EBITDA margin of 
21% in Q2 of FY '26 versus a revenue of INR70 crores with an EBITDA of INR13 crores and 
EBITDA margin of 18% in Q2 FY '25.  
 
In H1 FY '26, this segment generated INR168 crores in revenue, which is a 26% year-on-year 
growth from INR134 crores in H1 FY '25. EBITDA also grew by 32% year-on-year, reaching 
INR38 crores compared to INR29 crores in H1 FY '25. The EBITDA margin stood at 22.4% in 
H1 FY '26 versus 21.4% in H1 FY '25.  
 
This performance was fueled by a significant year-on-year rise supported by the production 
ramp-up at a leading aerospace OEM and revenue contribution from newly developed and 
approved parts that entered production this year, strengthening the overall top line. The EBITDA 
margins improved on the back of higher sales volumes. We continue to witness growth fueled 
by rising interest from prospective clients by request for quotations, and a growing pipeline of 
collaborative and strategic opportunities.  
 
Certification delays at global OEMs and tariff-related trade tensions in the U.S. posed 
operational challenges, while alloy and logistics cost volatility added margin pressure. Despite 
these headwinds, India's positioning as a reliable precision machining and manufacturing hub 
continued to strengthen.  
 
During the quarter, we achieved several strategic milestones that strengthen our aerospace and 
defense capabilities. We successfully onboarded key global customers, reinforcing our 
international footprint. The completion of audit compliance by one of our major OEM marks a 
significant quality benchmark, while the installation of critical machinery has enhanced our in-
house manufacturing capacity.  
 
Additionally, positive FAIR approvals for critical engine components underscore our technical 
competence and readiness to scale operations. Let's go to the second segment of Precision 
Technology and Auto Components, which is JK Maini Precision Technology Limited.  
 
At the segment level, the Precision Technology and Auto Components reported a revenue of 
INR409 crores, which is a 10% year-on-year growth with an EBITDA of INR57 crores, which 
is a 57% year-on-year growth and an EBITDA margin of 13.9% in Q2 FY '26 versus revenue of 
INR373 crores with an EBITDA of INR36 crores and a margin of 9.7% in Q2 FY '25. This 
steady performance was predominantly driven by robust domestic demand for both auto 
components and tool and hardware components.  
 
The Auto Components segment also witnessed strong demand from hybrid products in the 
European markets, while the tools and hardware components business did witness softness in 
the exports markets. The EBITDA margin improvement was on account of higher sales volumes, 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
favorable product mix, which includes a one-time gain of INR13 crores. We continue with our 
strategy to expand into new international geographies and industrial sectors. We are observing 
business momentum across domestic and international markets supported by 'China + 1' 
Strategy, integration synergies, and focused operational efficiencies across all segments. 
 
In H1 of FY '26, this segment generated INR808 crores in revenue with 11% year-on-year 
growth from INR728 crores in H1 FY '25. EBITDA also grew by 31% year-on-year, reaching 
INR99 crores compared to INR75 crores in H1 of FY '25. The EBITDA margin stood at 12.3% 
in H1 FY '26 versus 10.4% in H1 FY '25.  
 
The Tools and Hardware segment maintained growth, supported by government infrastructure 
projects in roads and railways. While heavy monsoon slowed construction activity in July to 
August, momentum returned in September, driven by improved weather and festive demand in 
real estate, and policy support from the GST 2.0 platform reforms.  
 
Debt and cash position at the Raymond Limited. We continue to remain a net debt-free business 
with a net cash flow surplus of INR27 crores in September 2025. The total gross debt stands at 
INR972 crores, and cash and cash equivalents at INR999 crores as of September 30, 2025.  
 
Status of the operations and the outlook. Looking ahead, we see a positive momentum driven by 
global customer onboarding, successful audit compliance, and expanded manufacturing 
capabilities through advanced machinery like the GROB machine. The business is seeing 
increased RFQ activity, particularly in aerospace components, supported by positive FAIR 
approvals and strategic investments. To meet rising international demand, the company is 
actively adding capacity, positioning itself to scale exports and deepen global partnerships.  
 
OEMs and Tier 1s are increasingly sourcing from India to derisk the Western supply chains, 
signing multiyear strategic supplier agreements that include design and manufacturing and not 
just build-to-build orders. As India strengthens its role as a precision manufacturing hub, 
Raymond is geared for strategic business expansion and long-term global traction. 
 
Thank you again for joining our call, and we would be happy to take your questions. We may 
now open the line for questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press star and 2. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Balasubramanian A. from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Good evening sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity…. 
Moderator: 
Sorry for interrupting sir, can you please be a bit loud?  

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Good evening sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, the engineering business has been 
restructured into 2 separate subsidiaries. I just want to understand what is the long-term strategic 
intent for these entities? And what kind of value unlock we may expect over the next 3 to 5 
years' time frame?  
Gautam Maini: 
So basically, each of these companies have different growth paths. The aerospace and defense 
industry has a completely different growth path of a smaller base, and the precision engineering 
company, which actually supplies across 8 different segments, has a different growth path. So, 
the idea was that each of them having its own unlocked value. We would like to grow each of 
them independently and let them both grow to their maximum abilities. So, this was the idea of 
strategically having them separate. 
 
Even the operational way of running them, the mindset, the thought process, as they will grow, 
will help each one of them get better results.  
Amit Agarwal: 
Thanks, Gautam. This is Amit Agarwal. I just wanted to supplement what Gautam said. You 
know, as a group philosophy, we are very clear in unlocking the shareholder value. And you 
have seen the demonstrated performance when the businesses reach a certain scale and size, we 
find the most appropriate manner in order to keep them pure-play businesses and entities.  
 
And that is the exact philosophy that we are in the process of building our two engineering 
businesses on that path, one being the aerospace and defense. And we all know that aerospace 
and defense, India is getting up a huge unlocking opportunity where you are seeing a tremendous 
growth and we are also witnessing and you have recently heard also in terms of our plans to 
expand the capacity by going to Andhra Pradesh. So that is one part of the story. 
 
Similarly, on the other side of the story is also on the auto component, India is becoming a very 
large auto ancillary hub with the combination of the Maini auto business as well as the JK auto 
business, we have been able to supply to the top 15 OEMs globally. And there we are seeing 
more and more products to be expanded. So both these businesses, once they achieve a certain 
scale, they will eventually go on the basis of unlocking the value as the group has been 
demonstrating over the last five years. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Okay, sir. Sir around 15% of auto business is coming from hybrid and EV also remaining strong. 
And what is the target for EV or hybrid as a percentage of JK Maini Precision Technology 
revenue in the next three years? And for 3-wheeler transmission parts in India, who are the major 
key OEM customers? And what is your market share target? 
Gautam Maini: 
So basically, we have grown this business quite significantly. It's roughly at 15%. But I mean, 
rather than giving you an exact number, I think the philosophy for us is that we have developed 
some very critical parts for the hybrid market, which we read in Europe. 
If you saw two, three years ago, everybody was talking about EV, but we believe that more than 
EV, the hybrid market will grow faster because there is a huge charging infrastructure issue in 
Europe. And then all countries then mutually agreed to extend that, and I believe it will be 
extended again. So that gave us the ability to look into hybrid. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
And now that we are there with a very large customer, we will now horizontally deploy to other 
customers. It takes time, but we believe that we will, having gained the experience over the last 
two years, we are in an extremely strong position to go to several OEMs across the globe to 
increase our hybrid business, especially in Europe. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Okay, sir. I think, sir, we are expanding the business rapidly. I think this aerospace and defense 
are like capital intensive. And what is the expected trajectory for working capital as a percentage 
of sales? And we are facing any pressure from longer receivable cycles from global OEMs and 
how these working capital things are managed? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, there are several combinations to this. Number one is you started to reach a scale where 
we have lots of part numbers with similar materials. We have very good supply contracts with 
the supply chain because we can leverage that relationship. So we are in a good position, I would 
say, in terms of coordinating with different raw material sources across the world. We are in 
touch with more than 14 different mills across the world. 
 
All of the material today is imported in aerospace, as you know. So yes, there is a challenge, but 
I think we are managing it very well. And in terms of working capital, in terms of raw material, 
we're doing a good job there. In terms of, actually finished goods, you're actually flying the parts. 
So there's not much inventory. 
 
In fact, the aerospace has a smaller inventory because the parts are flown and not set by sea. So 
your turnaround time on that side is, in fact, much better. So we are managing the situation pretty 
well and will only get better from here. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. And just to add, you see the working capital in this business is a strength because what 
happens is for an aircraft, it is not like an auto business where you're producing 50,000 or 
100,000 units every day. Here, the product you produce multiple SKUs, but they have a certain 
delivery schedule. 
So, what you do is in order to optimize your production, you do your production in one go, keep 
it into WIP and finished goods. And also, we are considering ourselves as a local supplier, local 
vendor to the European guys. 
 
So therefore, what happens in certain cases in automotive, you have to keep vendor-managed 
inventory at the warehouses, but this is our own inventory. So therefore, actually the working 
capital in this business gives you more connection, more binding with the customers in Europe 
and Americas. 
 
And I think that is something which we want to continue. And we are very clear in this business, 
there is a certain working capital which will be compared to other kind of businesses, it will be 
higher. 
But truly it is a strength than a working capital blockage. And we are very cognizant of the fact 
that we continue to maintain the inventory, the freshness of the inventory so that if something 
goes obsolete, we know we have to manage that. So therefore, it is a very important aspect in 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
this business because you're dealing not 1, 2, 3, 5 SKUs, you're doing 1,200 to 1,400 SKUs in a 
small business in aerospace. 
Balasubramanian A.: 
Sir, my final question is I think we are still in single-digit margins. And what are the initiatives 
we are taking to reach double-digit rates over next few years? 
Gautam Maini: 
At an operational level, we are all in double digits. So I think we'll have to separate the 
nonoperating and maybe Amit can explain more on that. But at an operating level, as you saw, 
we are in double-digit margins. We are at 22.4% in the H1 for Aerospace, and we are at, if I 
remember correctly, it's about 12.3% in the automotive business. So we are in double-digit 
growth. 
 
And we've grown the EBITDA at over 30% in both businesses from last year in the first half. So 
we are in a good position, I would say, and we should not mix that with the non-operational, 
which Mr. Amit will explain. 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, I think there may be slightly a confusion. I think if I look at the quarter two numbers, we 
have delivered on a consolidated basis 14.1% margin. In quarter one, we had a 15.7% margin. 
So as a business, I think all of our businesses are in that 14%, 15% range. And I think that is a 
fair margin, which we have also given the guidance also always that we would be in that 14%, 
15% market range. 
 
So I think maybe there is some confusion. You might have looked some other line items. But 
just to give you the perspective, it is in the 14%, 15%. 
Moderator: 
Next question we have is from the line of Mr. Mohit from Value Wise Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Mohit: 
In the aerospace business, you've sequentially degrown and the margins have also come down. 
So, can you explain that?  
Gautam Maini: 
Well, in any business, as you're growing, your product mix keeps changing and the way you 
produce will keep changing. So, you have to evolve. So, we are making new parts every day. 
So, as you go up the complexity of parts, it takes you a longer time to get the new processes in 
place, plus all of the development cost is written off. So therefore, there will always visually 
look as if there is a there's a margin decline, but you're actually creating new products for the 
future.  
 
And as you are scaling and making more and more products, that pressure will always be there. 
So, I believe that a good mix of products, which is what we have of less complex, but the future 
products, which are more complex, and you have a mixed bag across all of the engine segments, 
which you know is a very difficult and high-precision segment.  
 
We believe it is a healthy margin, and it will get better as you develop those complex products 
in those segments and get more and more used to it. So, it is a continuous learning process in 
this business, like Amit was saying, it's not a one part you make of millions. Every part has to 
be ramped up, then you reach a certain level like a 35% market share or something.  

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
 
When you are stable, then the customer gives you a 65% market share. So, when you move from 
35% to 65%, that's the time where your margin will also improve. So, this is happening, you can 
imagine, continuously over 200 parts, new parts every year. So, it's a very complex situation, 
but I can assure you that the direction is absolutely in the right way. And I think the learning 
curve towards high complex parts is on track.  
Amit Agarwal: 
Okay. And just to add, I think, again, maybe there is somehow maybe our presentation maybe 
there is a slight confusion. If I look at the aerospace quarter 2 last year to quarter 2 of this year, 
we had last year 18% EBITDA margin and it has moved up to 21%. Similarly, in the first half, 
which was 21.4% has moved up to 22.4%.  
 
So maybe there is some confusion. I think the way it has been read out or such things very 
clearly, we are focused on if you see the revenue growth is going to deliver, the optimization of 
the capacity is going to help us. Operating leverage kicks in and is going to help you in the 
EBITDA increase.  
Mohit: 
Yes, correct, sir. So, I wanted to understand the Q-on-Q decline and also the sales Q-on-Q 
decline. Quarter-on-quarter, it's there in the results.  
Amit Agarwal: 
Quarter 1, quarter 2, because again, the way he explained Gautam and myself also that what 
happens because you have different products different customer segment. And you will not 
exactly see month-to-month same supplies because some aircraft supply component, which we 
have supplied in the month of May may not happen exactly in the month of July again. It may 
happen, something goes in May, may not be going till September, October.  
 
So therefore, what happens is every component customer will have a different supply mechanics. 
And you would see some products because you will never have same margin for every product. 
Some margin, you will have very high, some products you will have lower margin. 
So therefore, it is a basket. But our whole focus is to see that on a broad-based basis at a decent 
level in that range of 22% to 25%, we have been targeting to go out and deliver the margin on a 
consistent long-term basis in the aerospace.  
Mohit: 
Understood, sir. And can you give your aerospace portfolio breakup of, let's say, products with 
35% market share, below 35% and products that have reached 65%?  
Gautam Maini: 
So let me take that. You see you have to understand how the aerospace industry works. When 
it's very rare that you get a 100% market share of any product and especially when you talk about 
the engine segment where we are more than 70% present, which is a very complex and critical 
segment. So generally, the customer would give you a 35% market share.  
 
And then once you prove yourself, you stabilize your product, the customer is very happy with 
your product, you're competitive in the market in terms of quality, price delivery, they then 
negotiate a 65% market share. The 65% would be 70% or 60%, the 35% would be 30% or 40%, 
that's a reference point. So, the idea of companies to grow would be to make sure that you do a 
good job so that ultimately, you can reach a much higher market share, which is when all of the 
margins start to improve.  

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
 
And this for each part could be a 2- to 5-year process because the market shares could have 
already been given to somebody else. And even if you're very good, you'll have to still wait until 
that contract ends with that customer relationship with your competitive supplier. So, this is a 
long-term business. So over 20 years, we have understood this business and how to grow it and 
how to increase with the market share.  
 
And that's how this explanation is. So, it's not in your hands fully. You can do a good job and 
you can keep everything ready. And when there's an opportunity, then the customer will increase 
your market share. And our job is to make sure that we execute well, we do a good job. And 
when the time comes, we can take the additional market share.  
Mohit: 
Got it. Understood. And in the precision business, your segmental EBIT that you reported in 
results has gone up quarter-on-quarter from 5.7% to 9% but your EBITDA margin quarter-on-
quarter is flattish and 100 basis points, 200 basis points down. So, I wanted to understand that 
as well. 
Gautam Maini: 
Navin, can you take that?  
Navin Sharma: 
It was very simple now that this is there, we had mentioned there was a onetime gain on account 
of certain land which we were there, additional land, which we have been able to sell and that 
gain has contributed some INR13 crores, and therefore, the margin you would see reflective in 
the Precision business.  
Mohit: 
Got it. Got it. Understood, sir. And also, this business of job processing and non-scheduled 
airline operations, I see it is losing money at a run rate of INR1 crores or INR2 crores a quarter. 
So, I want to understand how to look at that business.  
Navin Sharma: 
So basically, see, we have a small helicopter in the company, which are being rented out or 
chartered. Some quarters, you get some charters, some quarters you don't get chart, and it is 
primarily used for running the business. And that is one that you will have a small loss here and 
there. But I think broadly, over the years, it goes through and it is not such a large cost.  
Mohit: 
Got it. So how should we look at it going forward, like it stays in this range or.  
Navin Sharma: 
Yes, it will stay in this range. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Guru Darshan from Kitara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Guru Darshan: 
Sir, as I understand, you are among the leading players in engine components. Who would you 
consider your key competitors in India for your current product range? And let's take a long-
term strategy. Five years down the line, what would be your strategy to move up the value chain 
from being a precision machine company?  
Gautam Maini: 
Well, let me answer one by one. So first of all, I think we've had a head start over everybody. 
We started 21 years ago, and most of the other companies started much later. So in this business, 
the entry barriers are very high. It takes a long time for you to get the confidence of the big 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
OEMs to know that you can supply engine parts globally that fly on aircraft. So to that sense, 
we've had a huge head start on everybody else in this country. 
 
Secondly, we have always followed the policy of a horizontal situation where we've developed 
capability across materials, across processes, across machines. And that, having that experience 
for more than 52 years in our precision machining business, that has created a massive 
foundation for us to be ahead of the curve. 
So, unlike many other companies that go vertical, like many of our competitors are in 1 or 2 
segments, we are in maybe 50 or 60 segments across the engines, families. So therefore, our 
ability to be more flexible to grow at a faster pace but also to match complex parts with less 
complex parts because the cycle times and the turnaround times are different. 
 
So for instance, if you take a simple part, sometimes in the engine, we can turn it around in 3 to 
4 months, whereas a medium complex part could take 6 to 8 months, maybe even 10 months. 
And a complex part could even take 1.5 to 2 years. So it's very important that for a growing 
company, you must continuously turn out new parts in all of these categories so that there is a 
continuous growth quarter-on-quarter. 
 
And that, I think we have been able to master better than all of our competition, simply because 
of the fact that there have been 52 years in precision machining and a lot of our precision 
machining, especially our exports that we did in our fuel injection sector, our engine sector was 
so much ahead of what was being manufactured in India that the expertise in those 
manufacturing processes and those toolings, when we brought them to aerospace, we are -- we 
remained ahead of the market. So I would say the aerospace business being a low volume, high 
mix, you needed this capability strength, which we naturally developed over 50 years. 
 
And therefore, I would say we will hope to continue to remain ahead in the market. The 
relationship now with most of the OEMs in the world puts us in a very good position to look at 
the future strategies, and we are continuously evolving plans to move towards much more 
complex parts and complex modules in the future. So we see a good overall future. But the main 
thing is the market is available. It's an execution strategy that is very important for us to 
continuously go. 
 
It's a high-precision business. You have to be on top of the ball. You have to make sure that 
everything from your quality to your delivery is clear, your supply chains are clear, and that will 
help you to execute the strategy. 
Guru Darshan: 
Just have a question regarding debt and cash position on the balance sheet. Please elaborate how 
the funds are planned to be utilized or deployed in terms of capex or working capital? 
Navin Sharma: 
So there are 2 parts of cash in the balance sheet. One is at the Raymond Limited and one is at 
the engineering business from the cash flow generation of the business in the engineering 
business, we will definitely deploy it into the growth capex, which you know that we are 
envisaging a big growth in this business. So therefore, that will be deployed. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
 
As far as the cash which is lying in the Raymond Limited, obviously, the purpose I don't know 
how much you are aware that the whole reorganization was done. We sold our FMCG business 
and so on and so forth. 
And the idea was to evaluate the opportunities and see when there is some good opportunity 
available either to invest into the business directly or some inorganic opportunity comes up, we 
will evaluate. And that's the way we want to keep that cash on the Raymond balance sheet so 
that it could be a possibility for future organic or inorganic growth in any of the businesses. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Firstly, congratulations on good results set of results. Sir I just wanted to know, that we are 
saying that our aerospace businesses that we are investing in highly complex parts, which can 
maybe pay dividend later on. 
So currently we are at 22%-25%, so can we go further in this because we are going to go for 
highly complex parts, and also want to know what is the new opportunity in the aerospace 
business, that we are looking at, considering the new specifications that business can also start 
growing faster, so -- as we -- there are lots of tailwinds in the industry, how do you plan to get 
yourself in that? 
Gautam Maini: 
So there is a huge pipeline of business that we have. We have to continuously maintain a pipeline 
of new business that we need to quote for. Plus we have a huge pipeline of what we call FAI in 
this industry, which is a First Article Inspection, which means a new product development based 
on the customers' drawing. So we have very healthy pipelines on both of them. It's very 
important, like I said earlier, to have a good mix and not only in one direction. 
 
The reason is when you have very complex products, you also need to have more expensive 
machines to make those products. And there, the EBITDA can be higher, but you need, you end 
up with a lower ROCE. So it's very important for a company like us to make sure that we have 
the right mix, the right balance. And as we grow up the value chain, we make sure that, that 
balance and mix continues to be there to optimize both the EBITDA and the ROCE. So Amit, if 
you want to add something, then please feel free. 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, I think that's fine. That's absolutely fine. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Fair enough, sir. So just wanted to know like in terms of our vision for aerospace, like 
where do you see it in the next 2 years? Can we cross INR500 crores annually in this business? 
Or how do you see, sir, this growth for Aerospace? 
Gautam Maini: 
I would not like to commit on a number. Rather, I would say that the opportunities are 
tremendous. The market is very large. We've talked about backlogs in both Airbus and Boeing, 
which ultimately drive the business. We've seen Boeing do very well. 
 
We have a lot of parts on different aircraft, both by Airbus and Boeing. So it puts us in a very 
strong position. It is up to us to put our execution together. And we believe that we've, over the 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
last year, we've put good teams together. We've continuously enhanced our systems, our 
processes. 
 
Our baselines are very good. So we will execute. And obviously, I would not like to comment 
on a particular number, but I think we see healthy growth in the business over the next many 
years. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So just from my understanding a bit new to the business. So how does the order book in this 
work like because I don't think we mentioned the order book or the pipeline. So how do we 
understand that, sir? If you could help us what is our order book the bid pipeline and any kind 
of execution that we're planning for this year or next year, that would be really helpful, sir. 
Gautam Maini: 
So basically, if you look at the order book, most of the order book in our businesses run with a 
five-year contract in aerospace business in general. And therefore, if you say on an average, if 
each contract is coming up on an average every fifth year, right? So, 20% every year. So, you 
would end up having that kind of an order book. The schedules could change a little bit up and 
down where the customers give you huge visibility on what to procure. 
 
But the long-term contract helps you to make sure that you buy raw materials. Certain raw 
materials have lead times of up to two years. So therefore, this whole business of aerospace is a 
very long-term business. Also, since all of the OEMs run with huge backlogs and the design 
changes are minimal, this business is very different from the rest. So the visibility, the long-term 
order books, the pipelines are all very healthy and in multiples of years. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. So can we quantify what's our current order book and what's the pipeline if we could do 
that? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, it's not an easy question to answer. But if you want to have an understanding of the order 
book, typically, if you, you have a five-year order book on your orders and let's say, you have 
an average of the revenue that you look today, you would end up with an order book of close to 
2.5x, 3x of what you have on a yearly basis. 
 
So that would be approximately a good way to see your order book position, which is more or 
less confirmed. You have a pipeline. We make almost new part every day. So we have a pipeline 
of about 150 new parts in the pipeline just on new product development. And we have another 
2,000 drawings or part numbers in RFQ that we have to quote to customers and negotiate with 
them to convert to business. 
 
So we have to manage all of these pipelines in a healthy manner to ensure that we take the right 
businesses. We don't just go after any business. And we have a good product mix, like I said, to 
improve EBITDA and ROCEs over a period of time. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from Pranjal Mukhija from GrowthSphere Ventures. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
I have a couple of questions. So just following up on the previous participant's question on the, 
like how we're imagining the aerospace business to be. So on similar lines, sir, I just wanted to 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
understand like how are we seeing this business 3, 4, 5 years out in terms of like our facility like 
to what it is right now and what we're imagining to it to be like maybe 3, 4 years out? 
 
And in terms of customer, I just wanted to understand, given that we've recently started tied up 
with an American-based engine OEM, like how does the ramp-up look like here? And how does 
the ramp down happen on the alternate suppliers? So just wanted to understand from a capability 
point of view, how does the business look like maybe 3, 4 years? 
Gautam Maini: 
So like I said, we are continuously enhancing capability on a continuous basis. So it's not like in 
any other plants where you do one capability and you wait for years, right? Here, we are making 
a new part every day. So you can imagine we are enhancing capability on a daily basis. For each 
kind of project or process, we handle about 110 different grades of material, which is very highly 
complex, right? 
 
And when you handle materials like titanium, Inconel, super alloys, these are very difficult to 
machine materials. So you have developed over the last 20, 21 years, a huge amount of internal 
knowledge and capability on processes and on quality systems and how do you inspect check. 
 
We have internally approved, we have five internally approved quality people from our 
customers, which means we make a new part we send it on self-certification today. We have 
reached those levels. And that's how we are able to rotate the business much faster. So we have 
five customers with which we have self-certification. They do not check our parts even if it's the 
first time. 
 
We just have to submit paperwork, they put it straight on the aircraft. So that's the level of 
confidence that we've built over the last 20, 21 years. And now because of that confidence having 
built, the customers are looking at us for far higher precision in our products. And as those 
requirements come in, we will continuously enhance the level of investment and the level of 
complexity of machines that we will buy over a period of time. 
 
So it's an evolving process as you encounter these. But in the direction, we will definitely go up 
the value chain. We will go into more complex parts. We will continue to be dominant in 
engines, but we will also access the systems and structures part like we supply products to 
landing gears, we supply products to fuel, we supply products to hydraulics. These are also very 
complex parts. 
 
The idea is to have a broad band of customers, which we have over 25 customers. These 25 
customers opportunities come at different times. So we should always be in a position to grow 
on a continuous basis, having kept this in mind. So we will evolve into a much higher level into 
subassemblies, into main assemblies and hopefully into modules. So that's a journey, which will 
steadily take place over the next few years. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
But like when, like how do we see that inflection point hitting in terms of like scaling up with 
the customers in terms of volumes and meaningful scale up happening on the customers end or 
like a particular project end? I just wanted to understand a bit. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Gautam Maini: 
So I'll tell you it's unlike automotive and our hybrid business that we talked about where we get 
a business and then suddenly, you put lines and you grow them, aerospace is not like that. 
Aerospace will grow continuously and steadily on a daily basis. So if I make even new part to 
day and that converts into business, that will have to ramp up to a 35%, then you wait for two, 
three years, depending on when the option comes, then that goes to 65%. And we are talking 
about volumes that are mostly sub-1,000, right? 
 
So it is not like an automotive business. Here, it's very steady. You aim to get to do a good job, 
get the maximum market share and keep improving your processes, learn from that and go up 
the value chain. So this is a very different kind of a business from a general automotive type of 
business. It's a different mindset. 
 
It's a different way to look at it. And you cannot mess up on the quality, right? So you have to 
be very sure of what you do. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
Right. And sir, I mean, I was just researching and I mean I understand, I mean, in the engine 
part, we're operating under like hard section, some of the components. So I just wanted to 
understand how many people or players in India are working in the hard section part of the 
engine? 
And just wanted to understand, I mean, these technologies, and just wanted to understand, I 
mean, these technologies, EDM and brazing that we're using, how tough is it for a new player 
to sort of acquire these technologies and make these products, like just some clarity on that? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, it is very tough because like I said, there are entry barriers. First, you should have a product 
that is complex, then you have to decide how you're going to get the technologies. In our case, 
we were supported by our customers. Technology was given to us by them. So it helped us to 
move. 
 
And even though technology was given to us on one of the very critical parts, it still took two 
years. And that is the point I'm trying to make. This is a business where you have to have a mix 
of different varieties of products, varieties of customers because each product could have a 
different lead. 
The more complex it is, the longer it will take to actually implement. So there's no very big 
ramp-up that happens because once you implement it also, the volume is going to be a much 
smaller volume and not like automotive. So it's your ability and your speed to develop new 
products continuously. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
Right. I was just like looking at our company's LinkedIn and I think we mentioned that JK Maini 
Precision has recently tied up with CTC. Like upon doing some research, I got to know that CTC 
is doing some carbide cutting toolings. And I think they're specializing in micro tooling dealing 
with nickel and aluminum alloys like maybe Inconel as well. So just wanted to understand like 
the whole rationale behind this business. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
 
And my follow-up with this question is like because we have some history in the tooling 
segment, right? So are we also looking at MRO as a space to develop something there over 
there? 
Gautam Maini: 
So right now, we are just working together because we have experience in our Tools and 
Hardware division. We're trying to figure out all the synergies possible. And this is exactly what 
we've been doing over the last period with many other items within our company is to see on 
one side how to add value, how to bring our knowledge of aerospace into those tools and how 
our tools and hardware division can then leverage this knowledge. 
 
So it's a very big win-win situation and a huge synergy effort that we've put together. Similarly, 
we have done this in many other areas. To give you an idea, when we make a fuel pump for a 
customer in the automotive, we make 0.5 million fuel pump bodies, which are very, very critical 
and export it. Till today, nobody even makes it in India, nobody assembles in India. So that's the 
kind of work. Those materials are as difficult to machine as Inconel and titanium. 
 
Now when you make 500,000 pieces versus maybe 1,000 pieces, you can imagine the learning 
curve. So the learning curve we have in machining complex products of high precision because 
of the export-oriented nature of our business in automotive that we've had over 50 years has 
helped us to speed up all of our engine manufacturing business in the aerospace. And that's the 
advantage we have over the others, which is why we are probably ahead. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
Right. Sir, two quick questions. I'm sorry, I'm asking a lot of questions. But the second last 
question I had, I mean, I was just doing some research. And you can correct me if I'm wrong, 
but is there any other player in India who's working with all three engine OEMs apart from us 
right now? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, there are more than three engine OEMs. So, I believe... 
Amit Agarwal: 
I mean 85%, 90% of the market. I mean, these players come also. 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. I believe we are the only one working with the range we have, but maybe your research 
might find otherwise because we've had a head start. To get an engine OEM approved takes a 
couple of years on the engine side. And we've been at it for 21 years. So obviously, we've had 
the head start. 
 
We've had time to work with more of them. And therefore, I believe we continue to have a lead 
in that area. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
Right. And sir, finally, just wanted to understand a little bit on the defense piece. So this French 
company that we've been working for a long time now, they've also announced plans of 
developing a lot of these engine technologies for maybe AMCA, they're also like wanting to 
scale up and help India to sort of make it in India. 
So I'm just like trying to understand like would we also be a beneficiary of this because we've 
been working with them for a long period now. And again, they are also like seeming to scale 
up in India now? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Gautam Maini: 
I mean, definitely, all these relationships, that's what the importance is. They know how good 
we are. They know what kind of parts we make. And therefore, it puts us in a very good 
advantageous position to be in all of the programs in some form or the other, some in a larger 
form, some may be in a smaller form. But in the end, we have the knowledge, we have the 
technology, we have built the businesses, we have the relationships. And therefore, it puts us in 
a good position to take the right businesses for us. 
 
Now every business may not be right. So we have to choose. We are today luckily in a position 
where we can choose the businesses we want because we believe that the market is far bigger 
than what we can possibly deliver even by extending all resources. So therefore, we are in a 
good position, and we will continue to choose the right businesses and deliver value to our 
shareholders. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
And if I may, one small last question. Just on the business development side, I mean, what has 
changed post this, post mainly becoming a part of Raymond? And how are we approaching 
customers? How are they reacting to us? Like what are we doing to sort of build a team on the 
business development side, especially to sort of approach customers? Like just some color on 
that. 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, we've got, before the merger, we always had the customers, we had the vision, we had the 
knowledge.  
Pranjal Mukhija: 
So sir, just wanted to understand like how are we, how has our approach changed or like what 
is new to our approach when approaching customers now business development side and how 
are we trying to win bigger pieces of the pie? 
Gautam Maini: 
Absolutely. So I think Raymond brings in that huge strength, which we didn't have just as a 
stand-alone Maini. And I think Maini always had the customers, the REIT had already developed 
the business. So I would say it's a great partnership where 1&1 is 11, where we have the large 
strength where today, we can quote large businesses, we can quote strategic initiatives. And all 
of our customers have recognized that. 
 
We were also present at the Paris Air Show earlier this year, and we had some very good strategic 
meetings. So I feel that the whole positioning of the JK Maini business with Raymond as part of 
it gives us a massive opportunity to pitch for very large initiatives and large strategic businesses 
for the future in aerospace. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from Mr. Sanjeev Zarbade from Antique Stockbroking. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Sir my question was regarding the aerospace business. So just wanted to understand, is there any 
cyclicality in terms of quarterly revenue in the business because we had INR107 crore revenue 
in fourth quarter, and then it has come to INR87 crores in first quarter, and now it is at INR81 
crores. So do we expect the revenue to ramp up again to fourth quarter of this fiscal, somewhere 
around INR1,100 crores, INR1,200 crores. Is that kind of pattern is prevailing in the segment? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, I would say that there is always a good situation in the first quarter simply because all the 
global OEMs in quarter 3 have their year ending. If you know in Europe and U.S., they mostly 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
closed in December. And when they close in December, what they do is they bring the safety 
stocks and inventories to the absolute lowest levels. So in general, it's not that the consumption 
goes up. So it's not seasonal from a consumption point of view. 
 
But because the December month is a holiday season, they reduce their inventories and then they 
have to catch up because they always have backlogs in aerospace. So it so happens that Q4 ends 
up with the largest number. And this year also, the same thing will happen. It will end up with a 
larger number.  
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Okay. And sir, segment margins in Aerospace has also followed a similar trend. Fourth quarter 
was at 16%, then 13% in first quarter, and now, I think, 8.9%. So do we see the margins 
bottoming out over here? And because I believe that the Precision Products business in 
Aerospace should be a much higher margin than this 8%, 9% level. 
Gautam Maini: 
I'm sorry, I think you've got the numbers wrong. Navin and Amit, can you explain?  
Navin Sharma: 
Your voice is very soft. Can you please say it again?  
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Yes. I was talking about the segment margins, sir. We had very good margins in the fourth 
quarter. in the aerospace business. And then after that, on a sequential basis it has been softer… 
Moderator: 
Sorry for interrupting, Sanjeev, sir. Can you please speak a bit louder?  
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Yes. Is it good now?  
Navin Sharma: 
Yes, it is better. Please continue.  
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
I was talking about the sequential trend, sir, in segment EBIT margins for Aerospace, which has 
been softer in recent months. Can we consider it to bottom out at these levels because, given the 
Precision Products business, this type of manufacturing typically deserve much higher margins, 
so just wanted to understand the future? 
Navin Sharma: 
And if you are comparing to quarter 4 last year, this goes in the ratio of how our top line is 
performing. So that operating leverage will anyways come if we are operating and have 
delivering a larger quarter, then the margins will look. 
And then current quarter, you only just raised it a couple of seconds back that these quarters 
were a little softer. So hence, you see these kind of margins. But then, of course, it will go into 
the upward trajectory because most of the cost remains at a constant level, and we'll get the 
operating leverage as we go into the subsequent quarters.  
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Right, sir. And sir, in the auto components business, I believe there was some legacy business 
of earlier, which was kind of weighing down our segment margins in the auto components 
segment. When do we expect that legacy business to phase out so that our overall margins start 
looking much, much better?  
Gautam Maini: 
So, first of all, our margins are already starting to look better in that area. We have got some 
price increases on the legacy business. We are pushing for making sure that we are making them 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
more sustainable. So, the efforts will be on, and these are relationships with customers over 50 
years. So, we have to also watch what our new business opportunities are. 
 
And sometimes we have to look at these relationships as a whole. And we are trying to optimize 
to make sure that we keep the relationship also, but also optimize our EBITDA in the right way. 
But yes, some legacy businesses do have lower margins, but businesses coming in the future 
continue to have higher margins. So you will definitely see quarter-on-quarter improvements 
unless there are seasonal variations. But as a percentage, they will go up over a period of time, 
yes.  
Moderator: 
We have next question from Mr. Rupesh Tatia from Long Equity Partners.  
Rupesh Tatia: 
I am actually getting to the company of my questions will be very basic. So first question is, sir, 
this gross block you have, can you give rough split between aerospace and defense and then the 
other precision components and auto business? Rough split will do, sir.  
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. Navin? 
Navin Sharma: 
One second. We have, if you will look at our segmental result, we already have it in our 
segmental result. In precision technology business INR152 crores and in aerospace you can see 
this is INR86 crores. 
Rupesh Tatia: 
Is it total? 
Navin Sharma: 
This is total. 
Rupesh Tatia: 
Our gross block is only INR250 crore. That number doesn't sound right. 
Navin Sharma: 
INR1500 crores and INR800 crores. 
Management: 
INR2300. 
Rupesh Tatia: 
So this INR800 crore gross block, I mean, I don't know how much is land. If I remove the land, 
what kind of asset turns can we see in the aerospace and defense business, just on plant and 
machinery, some rough ballpark, just for modelling?  
Gautam Maini: 
Well, if you just look at machines, because your land and building can be either rented or bought, 
or your own. So if you just look at businesses, which are, for instance, what our current mix, I 
would say it would average 1:2 ratio of capex roughly. But as you go up complexity, that could 
come down. And that's what I was talking about earlier, that we have to manage the product mix 
so that we can optimize EBITDAs and ROCEs.  
Navin Sharma: 
We'll get that breakup. That breakup doesn't come.  
Rupesh Tatia: 
What is like our capex plan for FY '26, FY '27? And then I think we have announced some capex 
in Andhra Pradesh I think in the media articles number is INR510 crores, would it be over 1, 2 
years, 5 years? Some quantitative color around that will be very helpful? Capex, how are we 
looking for capex in aerospace and defense?  

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Navin Sharma: 
INR100 crores is the capex that we think that we shall be doing each year because we may aim 
to double this business in the next 4 to 5 years.  
Rupesh Tatia: 
And all of this will be in Andhra Pradesh other than capex? 
Navin Sharma: 
All in our existing facility, but yes, largely, it's the new location.  
Rupesh Tatia: 
So then this INR500 crore outlay, if I take 2x asset turn, that comes to around INR1,000 crores, 
right? So even if I assume I don't know, should I assume like INR750 crores of new revenue can 
come from AP eventually in 5 years...  
Gautam Maini: 
Well, again, like I said, there's going to be a product mix involved. So we'll have to see how 
much of that remains in the old plant, how much of it is in the new location. So the ballpark will 
move depending on the complexity of parts that will come in, what other investments we will 
do with that in terms of surface treatment, heat treatment. 
So it's a more complex question because that would all change the dynamics. But in the end, it's 
just what we've understood very clearly, is as you go up the value chain, you need more 
investment, your ratios will fall, your ROCE will be slightly lower, but your EBITDA will be 
higher. So that's the compromise that one has to do. So it's best to have a good mix, like I said.  
Rupesh Tatia: 
And then the third question, sir, I mean aerospace and defense, you said roughly 3x of annual 
revenue is generally what our order book is. But how are the other business segment, Precision 
Technologies and auto, what sort of order book do we have there?  
Gautam Maini: 
Well, in Precision Technologies, also 80% of your order book, if you look at the OEM business 
is, again, long-term contracts of 5 years or 6 years, et cetera. It depends on each contract. 
Obviously, we have a business that tools and hardware, which is more dealer-driven, a domestic 
business. So those have different kind of pulls. But in general, in all the OEM type of businesses, 
we do have long-term contracts like in aerospace.  
 
In aerospace, sometimes we have contracts going up to 10 years, whereas in automotive, 
generally, it's restricted to 5 years. Aerospace companies give you a 12-month visibility on a 
monthly basis for their schedules. 
So that's how you plan your materials and everything else because you have to export the 
containers all over the world. And therefore, you need visibility in terms of what they need at 
the location, which would be 3 to 4 months in advance, you have to probably manufacture it. So 
there is a lead time there that you need to take care of. 
 
And therefore, the visibility is very good for that, and long-term contracts is the way to go. So 
you can predict your sales and the rest of your numbers over a period of time.  
Rupesh Tatia: 
And my final question, sir, if I look at the reported numbers, the gross margin is roughly 65% in 
Q1, Q2. But by the time we come to EBITDA, it's 15% blended, maybe 15%, 16% blended. So, 
is there a scope to take it to maybe 20%, 25%? And I understand employee cost will always be 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
high because it is an engineering business, but how about operating leverage from the other 
lines?  
Gautam Maini: 
Well, first of all, we are putting all the synergies together in all of the businesses. That is going 
to give us definitely some gains going forward. We do have some businesses, as you know, it's 
52 years old. Therefore, the cost structure in those businesses are different, and we are trying to 
make sure that we are finding a strategy of how to work towards the direction in which you're 
talking. Obviously, you can't commit to numbers. 
 
But for sure, we have benchmark factories within us, and we are working on a long-term plan of 
how we bring increased operational efficiencies and much better Opex conditions, and much 
more low-cost automation into the businesses. So there's a lot going on now, and you will 
hopefully start to see results over a period of time.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments.  
Gautam Maini: 
Thank you so much for taking out time to be part of the call and a very interesting conversation. 
We will remain available to respond to any questions. You can send us on e-mail if you have. 
Thank you and look forward to talk to you again in the next quarter.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
