 
 
 
29th October, 2025 
 
Stock Code BSE: 500696 
 
       NSE: HINDUNILVR  
 
       ISIN: INE030A01027 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2025 
 
 
This is further to our letter dated 23rd October, 2025, whereby the Company had submitted the link 
to the audio / video recording of the Earnings Call held post announcement of Financial Results for 
the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with sub-para 15, Para A, Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the 
Transcript of the said Earnings Call, for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.hul.co.in/files/sq25-earnings-call-transcript.pdf.  
 
Please take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
 
Radhika Shah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A19308 
 
 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Radhika 
Kartik Shah
Digitally signed by 
Radhika Kartik Shah 
Date: 2025.10.29 
14:55:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 42 
“September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of  
Hindustan Unilever Limited”
October 23rd, 2025 
Speakers:
Ms. Priya Nair - Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Mr. Ritesh Tiwari - CFO, Executive Director, Finance & IT 
Mr. Niranjan Gupta - CFO Designate 
Mr. Yogesh Mulgaonkar - Head of Investor Relations & Head of 
Finance, Personal Care 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 2 of 42 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Hindustan Unilever Limited 
Conference Call for the Results of Quarter Ended 30th September 2025. As a 
reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yogesh Mulgaonkar, Head of Investor 
Relations and Head of Finance, Personal Care. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the conference call 
of Hindustan Unilever Limited. Wishing you and your loved ones a happy and 
prosperous Diwali. This evening, we will be covering the results for quarter 
ended 30th September 2025.  
On the call with me is Priya Nair, CEO and Managing Director; Ritesh Tiwari, CFO; 
and Niranjan Gupta, CFO Designate. We will start with prepared remarks from 
Priya and Ritesh. We expect this to take around 30 minutes, leaving us 
approximately an hour for the Q&A session. We will look to end the call by 5:30 
PM. 
 
Before we get started with the presentation, I would like to draw your attention 
to the Safe Harbor statement included in the presentation for good order sake. 
With that, over to you, Priya. 
Priya Nair: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Wishing 
you and your loved ones a joyful and prosperous Diwali. 
Let me begin with an update on the operating context, and an overview of our 
performance in the quarter. I will also take this opportunity to share some of my 
reflections on my first 90 days as the CEO of HUL and outline the key priorities 
that will guide us as we chart the course for our company’s next phase of growth. 
Subsequently, Ritesh will take you through our in-quarter results and conclude 
with the outlook. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 3 of 42 
 
At a MAT level, demand growth trends as per Nielsen remained stable with both 
rural and urban contributing to this.  
This past quarter, the macro-economic environment was shaped by 3 key 
factors. 
The most significant of these was the Government’s recent GST reforms. This is a 
particularly encouraging development, centered around rate reduction and tax 
structure simplification. It is expected to have a positive impact by enhancing 
disposable income, thereby laying the ground for stronger consumption trends. 
I will elaborate on both the immediate and long-term business implications of 
these reforms in the next slide. 
Meanwhile, prolonged and intense monsoon conditions across several regions 
disrupted supply chains and temporarily dampened demand. We are also 
closely monitoring and evaluating the impact of this excessive rainfall. 
Lastly, Commodity trends remained divergent throughout the quarter, with 
inflationary pressures persisting in Palm Oil and SMP while Tea and Crude Oil 
prices trended downward.  
Collectively, these dynamics created an operating backdrop that demanded 
agility and resilience. Despite these short-term challenges, the underlying 
momentum from structural reforms and lower food inflation continue to present 
meaningful opportunities for sustained growth in the long-term. 
The recent GST rate reforms have directly benefitted 40% of our portfolio, which 
has now moved to the 5% GST slab. Consequently, nearly half of our portfolio is 
now covered under the 5% GST bracket. 
In response to the rate change, we acted with agility, implementing pricing and 
grammage interventions across more than 1,200 SKUs. We ensured that we 
passed on the entire benefit of this GST rate reduction to the consumers. To 
ensure a smooth transition, we extended comprehensive support to our trade 
partners, facilitating pipeline stock liquidation. We also ensured clear and 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 4 of 42 
 
consistent communication to trade partners and consumers to minimize market 
disruption. 
From a long-term perspective, these reforms are a welcome move. By enhancing 
affordability, they are expected to boost disposable income, uplift consumer 
sentiment, and unlock meaningful opportunities for premiumization across 
categories. This aligns well with our strategic focus of driving volume-led growth 
and expanding our premium offerings. These reforms will serve as a structural 
growth enabler, reinforcing our long-term value creation agenda and 
positioning us well to capture emerging demand tailwinds. 
However, in the short-term, these changes led to transitory disruptions across 
trade channels to clear old price inventory and resulted in postponement of 
orders due to anticipated new pricing. Additionally, consumers delayed pantry 
replenishment in expectation of lower shelf prices. These factors, coupled with 
pricing volatility, arising from multiple prices in the market, has resulted in a short-
term impact on sales during the quarter.   
In this backdrop, we delivered a competitive performance marked by gains in 
our turnover-weighted market shares. With a turnover of Rs. 16,061 crores we had 
a 2% Underlying Sales Growth in the quarter. The growth was price led, driven 
primarily by carry forward pricing in Skin Cleansing, Beverages and Skin Care. 
EBITDA at 23.2% was down 90 basis points year on year, in line with our stated 
intent to continue investing in the business. PAT before exceptional items was 
down 4%, reflecting the impact of a lower EBITDA and a decline in net finance 
income stemming from our strategic capital allocation decisions. Profit after tax 
grew by 4% primarily driven by a one-off positive impact pursuant to resolution 
of prior years’ tax matters between UK and Indian tax authorities. 
From a first-half perspective, we delivered a USG of 3% led by 2% Underlying 
Volume Growth. EBITDA stood at 23%, down 110 basis points year-on-year, in line 
with our previous guidance. PAT bei declined 4% while PAT grew 5%. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 5 of 42 
 
Considering our performance in the first half of the year, the Board of Directors 
have declared an interim dividend of Rs 19 per share for the year ending 31st 
March 2026, translating to a total payout of Rs. 4,464 crores. 
As I complete my first 90 days as the CEO of Hindustan Unilever, I have had the 
opportunity to engage deeply with our consumers, customers, and our people. 
HUL is the largest and one of the most loved FMCG companies in the country for 
a reason. 
Our strengths are reflected in our performance: competitive, resilient, and 
consistent. HUL has consistently maintained market leadership, holding the 
number 1 position in more than 85% of the business. This leadership is the result of 
a portfolio that’s been built with rigor across demand spaces and price tiers, 
designed to serve every Indian household. 
We have built 19 brands with an annual turnover exceeding ₹1,000 crores. This 
scale is powered by a culture of deep consumer intimacy. With over 80 billion 
consumer interactions annually, our insights infrastructure enables us to 
anticipate evolving needs and innovate with precision. 
We have successfully leveraged Unilever’s global R&D capabilities to make 
markets, from hair conditioners to home care liquids to face moisturizers. For 
decades, we have been at the forefront of market development, driving 
innovation and creating categories in the country. And our execution engine 
ensures these innovations reach consumers at scale. Our sales network spans 
across 9 million stores, covering circa 95% of value-weighted distribution 
enabling us to reach 9 out of every 10 households in the country. 
At the heart of all this is our talent. People are at the core of HUL. Our ability to 
attract, develop, and retain top-tier professionals is one of our greatest 
competitive advantages and a key enabler of our future growth. 
As we look ahead, we remain steadfast in our commitment to driving volume-led 
growth, shaping future-ready categories, and delivering enduring value to all 
our stakeholders. A lot of what we have already been doing has strengthened 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 6 of 42 
 
our business and empowers us to act with agility and precision. We will continue 
to build on it while adapting to changing consumer trends and shopping 
behaviors, laying the foundation for the next era of transformative growth. 
Let me now outline the 4 priorities that will enable us to continue delivering 
volume-led profitable growth.  
The first pillar focusses on consumer segmentation. In response to the evolving 
consumer dynamics, we will radically sharpen our consumer segmentation. With 
our portfolio of brands that straddle across the price pyramid we will refine our 
strategies on brand, channel and media choices to target each of these distinct 
consumer cohorts of Power Spenders, Premiumisers, and Democratisers.  
The second pillar is centered around elevating brand desirability by boldly 
modernizing our core brands and scaling our premium portfolio. We will 
reimagine our core brands, making them more modern, contemporary and 
youthful. We will do this with renovations on our core and by driving premium 
innovations.  
Third, we already have an exceptional frontline marketing and sales engine, and 
our focus is to accelerate future-proofing of these capabilities. We will drive 
more social-first demand generation to enable brand discovery online. Among 
channels, we are accelerating our footprint in d-commerce including q-
commerce and we will continue to allocate more resources to these fast-
growing channels. We will continue to evolve General Trade with more focus on 
specialist stores like cosmetic stores and chemists.  
Our fourth pillar focusses on reshaping our portfolio by accelerating in high 
growth demand spaces. Based on market readiness, we will invest 
disproportionately to take a few of these demand spaces to scale and develop 
the markets in India. 
These are our key priorities as we refine our roadmap for the organization. I look 
forward to engaging further and sharing detailed plans in due course. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 7 of 42 
 
I will now hand over to Ritesh to take you through our in-quarter results in detail. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Thank you, Priya. Good evening, everyone. Wishing you and your loved ones a 
fabulous Diwali filled with joy, light and prosperity. 
I will now share a detailed overview of our quarterly performance, followed by 
a review of first half results before concluding with our outlook. 
Priya has already briefed you on the macro-economic backdrop for the quarter 
and its implications on our portfolio. In this context, we have delivered a 
competitive performance with an Underlying Sales Growth of 2%.  
Gross Margin stood at 50.9%, almost flat year-on-year. In our previous quarterly 
update, we had highlighted gross margin dilution arising from a transitory price 
versus cost gap as we invested to offer a competitive price-value equation to 
consumers. On a sequential basis, our gross margin has seen a 130 bps 
improvement as this transitory price versus cost gap has moderated.  
We have stepped up investments in our brands and business, resulting in a year-
on-year increase of 80 bps in our A&P spends. As a result, EBITDA margin at 23.2% 
saw a year-on-year dilution of 90 bps. 
Profit After Tax before exceptional items declined 4% while Profit After Tax grew 
4%. I will explain the underlying reason for this difference, later in the 
presentation. 
Coming to our segment wise performance for the quarter. 
Home Care, our largest segment, delivered a competitive performance, with 
mid-single digit volume growth on a strong base of high-single digit growth. The 
volume growth for the quarter translated to flat USG on account of price 
reductions taken in prior quarters. As mentioned previously, this price reduction 
reflects our strategic actions to maintain a competitive price-value equation and 
to pass on commodity-led benefits to consumers with more than 10% deflation 
observed in crude oil.  

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 8 of 42 
 
Fabric Wash delivered mid-single digit UVG driven by double-digit volume 
growth in the liquids portfolio. Fabric Conditioners delivered double digit growth 
in the quarter and continued its innovation-led premiumization journey with the 
launch of an all-new Comfort Perfume Deluxe range - a premium collection 
inspired by award-winning fragrances.  
Household Care maintained its trajectory of double-digit UVG led by an 
outperformance in the liquids portfolio while dishwash bars recorded a high-
single digit volume growth. 
Beauty & Wellbeing delivered 5% USG, driven by Skin Care and Health & 
Wellbeing. 
Hair Care witnessed a decline in turnover, being impacted by GST rate 
rationalization across 90% of its portfolio. However, we continued to strengthen 
our market leadership, widening our gap to the nearest competitor.   
We remain focussed on enhancing the relevance of our Core brands, reinforcing 
their resonance with changing consumer dynamics. For instance, during the 
quarter, Sunsilk refreshed its identity and underwent a relaunch. The new 
packaging with holographic elements and identity, signals Sunsilk’s shift toward 
being a science-backed, future-ready brand, while keeping alive its vibrancy 
and optimism. 
Skin Care including Colour Cosmetics grew in high-single digit, driven by 
continued momentum in Future Core and Market Makers portfolio. Vaseline and 
Lakme led growth for the category. Our six big bets continued to deliver strong 
double-digit growth. Channels of the Future sustained its double-digit 
competitive growth momentum with stepped up activations ahead of the festive 
and winter season. 
Health & Wellbeing maintained its strong triple digit growth trajectory, fuelled by 
a portfolio of superior, science-backed products bolstered by on-trend 
innovations. One such example is the launch of OZiva Phyto Ceramides and 
Collagen Builder-an ingestible skincare supplement. Designed to support 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 9 of 42 
 
hydration, barrier repair, and collagen synthesis, the product unlocks new 
growth opportunities in the beauty-from-within category.  
More than 90% of the Personal Care portfolio underwent a GST rate transition in 
the quarter which has had a transitory impact on underlying volume growth. As 
a result, Personal Care turnover growth was flat.  
Moving to Skin Cleansing, overall turnover growth was flat. While the category 
had carry forward pricing benefit, overall growth was impacted with GST 
transition and continued effect of pricing on category consumption.  At an 
aggregate level, we continued to strengthen our competitive position. Our 
strategic focus on premiumization and market development continued to yield 
strong results. This translated into double-digit growth in premium soaps, driven 
by both price and volume. Following the successful relaunch of Dove, we further 
strengthened our premium offerings this quarter with the relaunch of Pears and 
expansion of the Lux International soap range. Infused with skin care actives such 
as glutathione and Vitamin E, the Lux international soap range will elevate daily 
skincare ritual while providing a soothing sensorial experience.  
Oral Care witnessed a marginal decline in turnover, led out of transitory GST 
impact. Closeup delivered low-single digit growth.  
Coming to Foods. Foods delivered a USG of 3% with low-single digit UVG. All 
categories within the portfolio, except Tea, which was already at 5% GST, have 
undergone a rate revision of GST. 
Our Beverages portfolio, comprising of Tea and Coffee, delivered double-digit 
growth led by strong performance in channels of the future. Tea grew in high-
single digit driven by price and volume. Coffee continued to deliver double-digit 
price led growth.  
Lifestyle Nutrition sustained a positive UVG during the quarter, supported by a 
positive mix. This reflects early signs of consumer uptrading driven by pack-price 
architecture interventions implemented in prior quarters. However, overall 
turnover declined, impacted by negative pricing.  We remain focussed on driving 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 10 of 42 
 
consumption growth for this category. While the GST rate reduction led to a 
short-term impact, it is expected to act as a catalyst for demand recovery in the 
long term. 
After the successful launch of Boost Protein, we expanded our protein offerings 
with the launch of Horlicks Pro Fitness this quarter.  Horlicks Pro Fitness is a 
scientifically formulated meal replacement solution which has 60% less calories 
compared to an average Indian meal.    
Packaged Foods delivered a muted performance this quarter. Mayonnaise and 
International sauces range continued to deliver double-digit growth. This 
business was also impacted, as I called out earlier, by GST transition. 
Ice Cream business declined year on year, impacted by extended monsoon in 
addition to GST transition. As you are aware, the Ice Cream demerger process is 
currently underway. We expect to complete the demerger by December, with 
the listing anticipated in Quarter 4 of Financial Year 2026, subject to necessary 
regulatory approvals 
Moving on to the summary of our performance for SQ’25. I have taken you 
through topline growth and margins. The year-on-year moderation in other 
income primarily reflects reduced cash reserves post special dividend payout 
and Minimalist acquisition, alongside softer interest rate trends. Exceptional items 
are higher year-on-year on account of one-off impact from resolution of certain 
tax matters between UK and Indian tax authorities, for previous years. As a result, 
PAT grew 4% while PAT bei declined 4%. 
Effective Tax Rate was 24.5% after taking into consideration prior period 
adjustments and exceptional income. Excluding these, the Effective Tax Rate was 
26.7%.  
Coming to the summary of our performance for the first half of financial year 
2026. 3% USG translated to a 4% turnover growth including Minimalist. The 
Minimalist brand has delivered strong double-digit growth for the period. EBITDA 
margin at 23% was down 110 bps year-on-year and is in line with our guidance. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 11 of 42 
 
Exceptional items include a one-time benefit recognized in September quarter, 
as previously outlined in the presentation. Lower tax expense is on account of re-
estimation of prior year tax provisions, as explained last quarter. As a result of 
these one-offs, Profit After Tax grew 5% while Profit After Tax before exceptional 
items declined 4%.  
Effective Tax Rate was 20.5% after taking into consideration tax adjustments and 
exceptional income for the first half. Excluding these, the Effective Tax Rate was 
26.6%. 
Moving to our near-term outlook. The GST-related impact continues through 
October. We anticipate normal trading conditions starting early November, once 
prices stabilise, paving the way for a gradual and sustained market recovery 
While the increase in disposable income is a positive structural driver, we expect 
its benefits to manifest gradually in the demand trajectory, rather than through 
an immediate acceleration. 
If commodity prices remain where they are, we expect a low-single digit price 
growth. 
Overall, we expect growth of second half of this financial year to be better than 
the first half. We remain vigilant about the evolving impact of weather patterns—
particularly as the winter season approaches and the effects of a prolonged 
monsoon begin to play out.  
We remain firmly committed to investing behind our business, confident that this 
continued focus will unlock sustained growth. 
Coming to EBITDA margin, Ice Cream demerger is expected to result in an 
improvement of 50-60 bps to the reported margin as Ice Cream business 
operates at a margin lower than HUL average. Our current near to mid-term 
guidance is 22-23%, hence everything else being equal, Ice Cream demerger 
adds 50-60 bps to this guidance. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 12 of 42 
 
We remain committed to executing our strategy with sharp focus and agility, 
prioritising competitive, volume-led growth across our portfolio. 
With this, we conclude our prepared remarks. 
This is my last earnings call in my current role as the CFO of HUL before I hand 
over the baton to Niranjan and embark on my next chapter at Unilever as the 
Global Head of M&A, Treasury, and Ventures. It has been an immense honour and 
a deeply fulfilling experience to lead this remarkable organization as its CFO. 
 I wanted to take a moment to personally thank you all for the trust, confidence, 
and support you have extended to HUL—and to me—over the past five years. Your 
continued engagement and critical thinking has been invaluable to me. 
With this, let me now hand over to Priya. 
Priya Nair: 
I would like to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt thanks to Ritesh for his 
outstanding leadership at HUL over the last five years. He has steered the 
company through some of the most challenging and transformative periods, 
including the global COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent inflation-deflation 
cycles, with resilience and strategic foresight, enabling the company to evolve 
at a fast pace while consistently strengthening market leadership. We are deeply 
grateful for his contributions and the strong future-fit capabilities he has built for 
the organization, and we wish him the very best for his new role. 
I am also very pleased to welcome Niranjan Gupta back into the organization. 
After an impactful 20-year tenure across HUL and Unilever, Niranjan pursued 
external opportunities, most recently serving as the CEO of Hero MotoCorp. His 
proven track record and rich experience across diverse industries will be 
invaluable as we continue to drive transformation and accelerated performance. 
I am confident that he will play a pivotal role in supporting me towards the next 
phase of our growth. Niranjan, I would now like to invite you to share a few words. 
Over to you. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 13 of 42 
 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Thank you, Priya. Good evening, everyone. Firstly, let me start by wishing 
everyone a very happy festive season to you and your families. I am honored to 
be back at HUL, a company that continues to inspire with its consumer focus and 
portfolio of brands that earned huge love and respect. I am looking forward to 
working with Priya and team to build on our strong foundation and shape the 
future path together to drive accelerated growth. Looking forward to 
connecting with you all over the course of coming months. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Thank you, Priya, Ritesh and Niranjan. With this, we will now move to the Q&A 
session. The Q&A session today will be led by Priya and Ritesh. We request you to 
kindly restrict the number of questions to a maximum of 2 at a time. In case you 
have any further questions, please join the queue again. In addition to the audio, 
our participants have an option to post the questions through the web option on 
your screen. We will take these questions, just before the end. With that, I would 
like to hand over the call back to Michelle to manage the next session for us. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Vivek from Jefferies. 
Vivek: 
Hi, team. Priya, first question to you. You articulated your four-pillar strategy, let's 
say from a company standpoint. When you look at it from a product segment 
perspective, can you just talk about areas that you think need attention based on 
your assessment? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. Thank you, Vivek. I will go category-by-category to just talk a little bit about 
our performance. Let me start with Home Care. We have an extremely 
competitive performance in Home Care overall with mid-single-digit UVG. Our 
job in Home Care has always been to continue to premiumize the market and this 
is a continued job to be done, and we are on a good trajectory on Home Care 
overall. Of course, our revenue growth given the deflationary commodity is flat, 
but overall a good solid competitive performance in our Home Care business. 
In Household Care, we have a double-digit UVG led out of dishwash, and again, 
we need to continue to drive dishwash liquid, and therefore develop the markets 
in Home Care. So really, that's our job in Home Care. This is 40% of our business. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 14 of 42 
 
We continue to drive premiumization and market development in a ubiquitous 
category in the country. 
Let's now come to Personal Care. In Personal Care, we are seeing a quarter-on-
quarter improvement in our performance and our competitiveness. Of course, 
this quarter, as Ritesh mentioned, it is impacted by GST, but what augurs well for 
HUL is the double-digit growth of premium soaps, and this is an area, again, we 
will continue to focus. Here again, liquids and body wash is under 2% penetration 
in India, and our job as the market leaders of soaps is to grow and develop the 
markets towards liquids, and that is where we will double down and focus. 
Coming to Beauty & Wellbeing, we have grown at 5% this quarter. This is made 
up of a good performance of single-digit growth on Skin Care. We have had very 
good winter loading into September quarter. OZiva has delivered triple-digit 
growth this quarter, and you heard Ritesh talking about Minimalist, which also 
continues to deliver. In Hair Care, we are the market leaders. Again, here our job 
is to continue to premiumize the category and grow the market from just hair 
cleansing into Hair Care, and really develop the market. So that, in summary, is on 
Beauty & Wellbeing. 
Looking at Foods and our Nutrition business. In Beverages, we have, again, grown 
double-digit. Here our focus, once again, is on premiumization, given the nature 
of the category. Again, the commodity today is deflationary, and we will do the 
right things to ensure we stay competitive in the Beverages segment. 
In Horlicks, we have seen some early green shoots. There's still work to do here 
on the brand, but it's in an excellent space of wellness and nutrition, which is 
extremely important in India. It's a growing demand space and we will double 
down here. We've already launched our RTDs in Horlicks, and as Ritesh 
mentioned, the pro-fitness range, and this is an area of work to do. There's still 
work to do on Horlicks, and we will continue to do this going forward. So that, in 
a nutshell, Vivek probably explains to you how I'm thinking across categories. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 15 of 42 
 
Vivek: 
Got it. And Priya, slightly from a longer -- let’s say from a medium-term 
perspective, you mentioned about the quarterly trends and how things are 
shaping up, but the external world view is that, at least from our side, that Beauty 
and Foods will require -- should require more attention just sheerly because the 
performance had been somewhat okish over the last few quarters. Do you 
concur with that view? 
And a follow-up to that is, basically, from a premiumization perspective, you have 
done well, but how do you think about the digital-first competition, as well as is 
there a case to focus much more at the, let's say, the mid of the pyramid and the 
bottom, probably? Not bottom, but, something below mid. 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. I think, let me break this down into multiple parts, Vivek, if I could. Let me start 
with where you ended, possibly, and actually, that was the first pillar of what I 
have talked about, which is the radical segmentation we would like to do of 
consumers. If you look at consumers in India today, we are seeing an opportunity 
to be more radical in our segmentation of consumers. Power Spenders at the top, 
these are about 60 to 80 million consumers at the top of the pyramid, 
Premiumizers in the middle, and the Democratizers at the bottom of the pyramid. 
With our price-brand pyramid, we have the opportunity to grow in each of these 
segments and tailor strategies - channel, brand, price and media strategies, to 
deliver against each of these consumer cohorts and that will be an area of work 
that we will do. So, really, our right to win in each of these, given how we straddle 
the pyramid, is extremely high. 
You're absolutely right in what you're referencing, Vivek, that it is not just in urban 
India, but also our rural markets, where we have the opportunity. There is a huge 
transformation taking place in rural areas in the country and we will double 
down behind growing across the price brand pyramid of the country. Ritesh, if 
you want to answer the second part of the question. 
Priya Nair: 
Vivek, does that answer your question? 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 16 of 42 
 
Vivek: 
Yes, absolutely, it does. So, that was my first question with your permission. 
Second question for Ritesh and two parts. On GST bit, Ritesh, you have mentioned 
about October will continue to see the impact, but the destocking end second 
quarter and October should also unwind in the next quarter itself. Is that a fair 
assumption? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So, GST, as you mentioned, Vivek, that overall, as the change started to 
happen and our announcement happened, clarity emerged. September month 
and October both, A, because of what happened to trade in terms of destocking; 
B, consumers were very choiceful and they are hoping to see lower prices on the 
shelf before they start loading in their own pantry. 
And third, the fact is there will be a point of disturbance for a month or so because 
there will be more prices in the market, old MRP, albeit sold at new GST and new 
MRP, old grammage and new grammage. 
This is the disturbance that we spoke about will end up being in the trade and in 
the business till early November. Post that, we expect prices to stabilize and 
normal trading conditions to come back. Now what happens in terms of trade 
when they destock, we have known in the past, it takes time for them to go back 
to the normative stocking levels. It requires effort to do for that to happen, and 
we have put on full plans for that to get taken care of. 
Vivek: 
Okay. And as a follow-up to that, can you quantify, Ritesh, what was the impact 
on margins due to trade support in this quarter? And do you expect the same to 
continue in the third quarter as well? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So, we did lean in with trade support in the quarter. And overall, at a net level, 
you've seen very fact, we had improved our gross margin by 130 bps sequentially. 
That was one of the arsenal that we had deployed to support trade pipeline to 
be liquidated. 
Going forward, we don't expect further margin impact, Vivek, coming in from 
GST transition. Of course, the entire GST rate reduction is cost neutral to us. It's 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 17 of 42 
 
something which Government has given change and hence, no cost implications 
on us. So, we don't expect any margin implications coming in. 
To the extent there was a net impact between overall price that we had given in 
the market, the improvement in Gross Margin more than took care of that in the 
quarter. And hence, at net level, when you saw EBITDA for the quarter declining 
by 90 bps, summary of summary, the 80 bps increase year-on-year on A&P that 
we did is what ultimately flew in the bottom line on the P&L. 
Vivek: 
Got it. Thank you and wishing you all the very best, Priya, Ritesh as well as 
Niranjan. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
 
Thank you, Vivek. Appreciate it.  
Priya Nair: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yeah. Thanks. My first question is on the demand side and the GST impact. So, we 
have seen in cars, for example, the GST-related cuts led to huge buying. Of 
course, that's a discretionary demand. My specific question is, once everything 
normalizes, say, start of November, ex of the grammage increase, which will, say, 
happen in the lower unit packs, do you see customers actually buying more 
FMCG in terms of volumes? 
And second is, when I see the populist programs running now in every state, Bihar 
is going into elections, Rs. 10,000, for example, being given to every woman. So, 
do you see actually that the FMCG consumption also benefits wherever this 
happens. Frankly, it is happening in almost every state where elections are 
happening. 
So, if you could comment, the Rs. 45,000 crores GST stimulus program, do you 
think eventually it will lead to uptick in terms of FMCG consumption ex of 
grammage increase? And second, the populist programs from the state 
government? 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 18 of 42 
 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Thanks, Abneesh. So, let me pick these both questions. So first, GST. And you 
rightly mentioned that the short-term, there is impact and in month of September 
and October. And from early November, as prices stabilize, we should start 
seeing normal trading conditions. 
Now overall, we know that FMCG consumption has always benefited from two 
things. Net disposable income, number one; number two, improved consumer 
sentiment. Now both of these elements will be supported by this GST 
transformation, which Government has done. 
So, in our view, this will absolutely augur well for consumption. This will 
incentivize further our journey towards making the portfolio more premium. It 
will incentivize consumption. And hence, overall, it's in a positive territory. So, we 
are very clear that this will be one more parameter that will get added to 
everything else that we had. 
We had monetary easing. We had direct tax benefit earlier. We have seen 
inflation, including food inflation meaningfully coming down. And this GST 
change just adds to that to help us improving the macro conditions and trading 
conditions. So, that's one positive and thumbs up on that. 
Second, elections, our reflection always has been these are transitory in nature 
where in a few states or even national election happens, we have seen that 
impact comes more from structural reforms that post-election Government 
brings in rather than some amount of, let me say, work which happens during 
election, and you quoted a couple of examples as part of that. So, any structural 
reform done is what typically helps consumption rather than any short-term 
measure during elections, which happens. 
Abneesh Roy: 
One follow-up question to the demand side only. So, in Q2, two large FMCG 
companies have come out in terms of results. So, Nestle has not called out GST 
impact in any of their communication, and they have actually shown the numbers 
of 10% plus kind of sales growth. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 19 of 42 
 
So, my specific question here is, has the GST-related destocking been more in 
rural areas for you and for the sector? Nestle is almost 75% urban. So, is that 
helping them? And is that something common to you and to the sector that urban, 
the GST destocking has been on the lesser side? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. Let me help, Abneesh, answer this from a little different lens than urban rural 
only. I think you might appreciate better. 40% of the business benefited from GST 
transition. And hence, in short-term, it got impacted with the transition that I spoke 
about. And what are these businesses? Skin Cleansing, Hair Care, Packaged 
Foods. 
Now we know, for example, hair care. Hair Care had a pretty strong trajectory of 
growth in our business, and we consistently spoke about it. This quarter, the 
business declined because of the GST transition impact. Business is competitive, 
and we further gained shares. 
Personal Care over the last few quarters has gained momentum and has done 
competitively better and further gained shares. But Personal Care business in the 
quarter was impacted by GST transition. So, we have seen that this 40% business 
got impacted by the GST transition. And as I mentioned early November onwards, 
we expect normal trading conditions for this 40% of the business. 
Second, 20% business sits between Skin Care and Tea. Now, outside, there was no 
confusion. We know Tea already sits at 5 percentage. Skin Care was never 
spoken about as being benefited by GST. Now these businesses had no impact 
of GST. We grew both these businesses in high-single digit, including support 
from volume growth. 
The third component of the business, 40 percentage is Home Care. Now Home 
Care grew competitive mid-single digit volume on the back of high-single digit 
volume in the same period last year. So pretty strong volume growth has got 
delivered in the quarter. 
Now this volume growth of mid-single digit translated to a flat USG because of 
the price cuts that we have done, both in response to crude, which is year-on-

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 20 of 42 
 
year 10% down and in response to competitive pricing actions, and we spoke 
about it. So, we are virtually mid-single digit negative pricing in Home Care. 
Now of course, we will start to get this lapping in the base in a quarter or so, but 
that has an implication. And hence, to my point, every business is different. I just 
gave you this 40-20-40 to appreciate how the business has been run in the 
quarter and which parts of the business have seen impact and which parts of the 
business which are not impacted have grown very differently. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Ritesh, one quick follow-up on the restocking and destocking. So, when the 
normalcy comes back, say, in November, early November, do you expect a 
reasonable restocking also to benefit you? Or there is a lot of perishable demand 
stock out? So, the restocking benefit will be much lesser than the destocking 
loss? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yeah. See, this is what I was trying to explain to Vivek as well earlier. Now in FMCG, 
typically, we have 4 to 6 weeks, depending on the category, trade pipeline. And 
we have seen whenever trade pipeline comes down, and we experienced this at 
length, Abneesh, when inflationary period happened and when deflationary 
period happened, it does not automatically within a week or so come back. 
 
It takes effort for us to ensure that the inventory levels, stock levels come back 
to its normal range of 4 to 6 weeks' time. So, the next couple of months, this is the 
exact focus that we will have. 
 
As the prices will stabilize early next month in November, our focus will be to 
ensure that shelves are filling back, which is more easier in a Modern Trade and 
e-commerce and more amount of work to be done at the length and breadth of 
the country, when we sell to more than 9 million outlets, it's a job to be done to 
reinstall that 4 to 6 weeks of trade pipeline. And this job takes a couple of months' 
time, the point I was answering to Vivek earlier. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question is on the margins. So, one is you had given the guidance 
of 22% to 23%. In the first half, you have met the higher end of that guidance. So, 
is there an upside risk in H2, given the cost has corrected? And PFAD also, there 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 21 of 42 
 
could be some lag benefit. It is quite volatile. I understand that. But is there an 
upside risk? 
Second, media channels were carrying that the margin guidance for HUL has 
been upgraded. You clarified on that bit that there was an Ice Cream impact of 
50, 60 bps. But if you could clarify because –Ice Cream demerger is going to be 
at the year end. So, when does that benefit happen? That happens in FY'27 
essentially, 50-60 bps? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
So yes, currently, where we are with the Ice Cream plans, Abneesh, we expect 
the demerger to happen in December quarter. And when I say demerger, which 
means if everything goes as per plan and with all regulatory approvals, when we 
declare our results for December quarter, it will be excluding Ice Cream and Ice 
Cream business will be shown as a discontinued business.  
And hence, margins excluding Ice Cream will start getting reflected in our 
December quarter results. Now this is where we are with our timelines assuming 
nothing changes with all the approvals in place. We expect this to be the course 
of the day. 
Second, in March quarter at the end of the financial year, we'll end up listing the 
company. So, this is two-step process, demerger, reporting discontinued 
business for December quarter and then listing the business in March quarter. 
Again, as I mentioned, subject to all necessary regulatory approvals. And as we 
speak, we are on track on this timeline.  
Now once this happens, when we report our results for December quarter, it will 
be excluding Ice Cream business. Ice Cream, as we had called out even earlier, 
it's roughly 3-odd percentage of our business. and the business makes low single-
digit margin. And I had called out even earlier that this year, given the impact of 
monsoons, given the impact of investments, in fact, we have a little lower 
compared to that margins.  
And hence, we expect once we have results declared and reported excluding 
Ice Cream, on an average annually, we should see 50 to 60 bps improvement in 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 22 of 42 
 
our reported EBITDA margin, which is why we clarified that we are not changing 
our margin guidance. It remains 22 to 23%. And you're right, within that margin 
guidance this quarter we operated at higher end.  
Some other quarter, it could be a different part of the range we'll end up 
operating. But the point is on top of this range of 22 to 23%, we will see a 50 to 60 
bps increase in our reported margin once Ice Cream demerger happens from 
December quarter onwards. 
Abneesh Roy: 
                Sure, understood. Thanks, that’s all from my side. Thank you. 
Ritesh Tiwari:  
 
Thanks Abneesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Hi team. Thanks for taking my question. So, my first question actually is to Priya. I 
mean you mentioned about your reflections in the first 90 days. Any thoughts on 
-- is there a trade-off between growth and margins, as HUL looks into the next 
few years, in the sense that to get to a strong levels of volume growth, do you 
feel there is a need to invest more in the business, which would take actually your 
operating margins down in the interim?  
Or do you feel the business is at a situation where there is no trade-off to be made 
and growth can be achieved along with stable to expanding margins in the 
medium term? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. Thanks, Arnab. Arnab, firstly, our focus, obsession is going to be on volume-
led revenue growth. So very simply, if I had to tell you how we will look at the 
business, it will be unblinkingly looking at growth first. When we do that, we have 
the right financial leverage to deliver the operating margin of the business. So, 
for me, that is simply how we will run this business. And I've mentioned already 
the four pillars that we have. But hopefully, this answers the question with clarity, 
Arnab. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 23 of 42 
 
Arnab Mitra: 
Yeah, Understood. Just a follow-up on that. I mean, what I meant was that 
ultimately, operating leverage does translate into margins also but in the past, 
HUL has had this range of margins, which they have -- the company held at 22% 
to 23%. Do you feel that is a defendable range or that depends on the growth 
environment and therefore, as you focus only on growth, there could be a 
situation where margins could be lower or below that range? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
So let me come in Arnab, about here. So, as we mentioned that our outlook for 
margin and guidance is a range of 22 to 23. As we do the demerger of Ice Cream, 
everything else equal, 50 to 60 bps gets added to this number once we start 
reporting ex Ice Cream results. And we're very clear that as Priya mentioned that, 
when a choice comes between top line and bottom line, it's always competitive 
volume growth. That's always the first protocol.  
And if at all we have to invest more in the business like we have done. You know, 
today, we operate at almost 200 bps lower than our peak margin. And that is a 
conscious call that we took because we knew that, to drive growth, especially in 
the tepid consumption atmosphere that we have been the last couple of years, 
we have to invest on portfolio on capabilities and hence, across different lines of 
the P&L to ensure that we are able to drive competitive volume growth. 
So, this is exactly what we will do going forward as well. Currently, where 
commodities are, where our investment plans are, where our innovations and 
portfolio is placed, we do believe that at a range of 22% to 23%, excluding the Ice 
Cream impact and on top of that, as I mentioned, 50, 60 bps of ice cream, at this 
level, we'll be able to support the investments which is required.  
But we are very clear that if at all a time comes, we ever have to come back with 
a revised change in our outlook, because commodities change, because 
operating environment change, we'll always come back and share. The guidance 
that we have given today and, in the past, as well as for next couple of quarters, 
read that as 2 to 3 quarters. And if something changes, we'll always come back 
on top of that. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 24 of 42 
 
Arnab Mitra: 
Thanks. My second question actually was on - three specific areas where I think 
in the last few quarters, you've highlighted a lot of changes, your initiatives for 
Nutrition, Lifebuoy and Glow & Lovely these three areas. If you could give us an 
update on, how has been the feedback of your initiatives? Which are the areas 
which are looking encouraging? Where do you think there's more time or more 
work to be required for seeing growth come back? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. Let me take that. Let me start with Nutrition. Like we mentioned, we are 
seeing early green shoots with low single-digit UVG on nutrition. We have 
launched into new formats and new SKUs, whether it's the RTDs or the Pro fitness 
range with the adult meal replacement product that we've entered.  
For me, Nutrition and Wellbeing is a huge future growth area in India with 
longevity and fitness being critical. So that's an area of work that we are on. More 
work to do in Nutrition, this is early days, but it is an area we will keep working.  
Let's come to Glow & Lovely. We launched Glow & Lovely Glass bright. It was to 
extend the Glow & Lovely brand beyond the Core and premiumize it with the 
new offering of lighter sensories, more relevant for modern youthful, young 
consumers, this range has performed well ahead of our expectations for us, and 
we are pleased with the performance there. 
Remember that in India, in Skin Care, what is happening is regimes are growing. 
So, it's growing from just a single brightness product to adding moisturizers, face 
washes and many other products. And the way we are competing is not just with 
Glow & Lovely, but we have added new products, including our latest launch of 
Vaseline Cloud Soft, which is a new range of moisturizers, which has entered the 
category and we have entered with Simple into face washes. So, we keep 
expanding our portfolio beyond Glow & Lovely. 
On Lifebuoy, we have seen competitiveness improve. Having said that, we have 
work to do, and it was impacted this quarter with GST. As a result, as Ritesh 
mentioned, the entire category, while competitively improving, has struggled on 
account of GST. So, a more radical and bold transformation is what you can 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 25 of 42 
 
expect on all three brands, to make them more modern, youthful and 
contemporary. 
Arnab Mitra: 
 
Thanks so much. That’s it from my side and all the best Ritesh for your next stint. 
Ritesh Tiwari:  
 
Arnab, I appreciate, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Latika from JPMorgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Latika: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question was on specific consumption 
trends at a macro level. I understand the last quarter was fairly noisy. But starting 
this year, we have been witnessing multiple positive catalysts and hoping that 
these will translate into a material pickup in FMCG demand and things have been 
a little more gradual.  
The chart that you showed at the beginning of the deck kind of shows a bit of 
tapering for rural volume growth and a bit of pickup in urban. So, I wanted to get 
a sense of view on what are you picking up on the ground beyond the Nielsen 
data? And any specific changes that you may want to flag on urban or rural side? 
Initially, in your comments, you also talked about you also want to monitor what 
is the weather impact on our demand in general. So, any potential risk also that 
we need to be mindful of at a category growth level? And a similar question here 
is, is there a way for you to gauge give us a rough guess on what could have been 
the underlying volume growth if it was not for the GST transition impact? That's 
the first question. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yeah, Latika, thank you. Let me just pick this up. So, we all know that urban has 
two-third of FMCG consumption but rural has two-third of Indians living and 
earning livelihood. So, both of the urban and rural markets are equally important 
for us to drive results. At this stage where we see the FMCG market, both are 
contributing.  
Urban is growing and so is rural growing. And we have used the word where we 
do see this now demand trends to be stable, which we are not seeing big ups and 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 26 of 42 
 
big downs when I look at moving annual total for the last 12 months' time, we're 
seeing both urban and rural contributing.  
You alluded to the economical impact of the monetary easing, which will help 
mortgage, interest cost, the direct tax benefit, GST benefit across multiple 
categories, inflation, especially food inflation, which is meaningfully lower, good 
monsoon last year. Though it's a prolonged monsoon this year. We know that the 
overall water tables will be much better. It will do well for the rabi crop. We just 
got to see how the harvesting happens with any rains in the last few weeks in this 
quarter. 
And hence, when I add all of this, it is absolutely in positive territory with both 
urban and rural contributing. Yes, there are risk factors, as you called out. As I 
mentioned earlier, monsoon let's see, with kharif output with some amount of 
intermittent rain as monsoon has prolonged. And winter, we will know, we 
loaded pretty well in the trade. So, it's all there now to sell. And if at all we have a 
decent winter, we should have a good outcome but if winter is shorter or less 
severe, we know it will always impact sales. But those two items we will see when 
it comes. 
But on top of Latika, of all of this, the work that we have done all our portfolio, on 
our innovation pipeline that is further supporting our growth trajectory. The Rs. 
8,000 crore Market Makers portfolio we spoke about earlier, or a Rs. 3,000 crores 
digital-first business that we have in Beauty & Wellbeing. These businesses have 
strong legs of growth.  
Acquisition of OZiva, a couple of years back, that's helping us grow and 
contribute very meaningfully. Minimalist, it will not come in USG, but it is 
contributing to overall, let's say the scale of the company. So, all those things are 
coming together, so it is helping and benefiting us.  
Now coming to your question on the GST impact. We estimate that this quarter, 
we saw overall at an aggregate HUL level, up to 2% impact, largely volume of GST 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 27 of 42 
 
transition. So that's what our rough approximation is, what was the impact of GST 
on the total aggregate HUL business. 
Latika: 
Sure. This is very helpful. The second question was clearly the four key priorities 
that have been stated. You want to double down on high-growth demand 
spaces and also align towards Channels of Future. Quick commerce has been 
cited multiple times by the parent also as a key focus channel for your company. 
I think salience for this channel is obvious is mid-to-high-single digit, if you would 
clarify.  
And if you could share, is there any change in your approach going forward, for 
this channel in terms to grab more market share? And also, probably target new 
categories, which can be built up further here? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
As Priya mentioned earlier, overall radical segmentation of the market from all 
three lenses, consumer lens, channel lens and media lens, is one of the top 
priorities we'll have as a business. Today, our business is 70% GT, roughly 20% 
modern trade, 8-odd percentage e-commerce and a couple of percentage 
other channels. That's the rough estimate that we have. For our business to grow, 
we will, of course, ensure that all channels are growing.  
It's a segmented approach of the portfolio deployment and activation is what we 
referred to earlier. So, take an example of Quick commerce. We have again, like 
last quarter, we doubled the business year-on-year on Quick commerce 
because we know this is where consumers are today more leaning in, in terms of 
their preferred choice of channel. 
The overall growth of e-commerce and digital - it has allowed us to do both at 
one stage, our GT business has got more Shikhar executed. And at the same time, 
it has helped us to create within Beauty & Wellbeing a Rs.3,000 crores plus 
business growing at strong double-digit, which is focused on digital-first brand.  
So, we will always keep doing that as always A and B. It's always an and. It's urban 
and rural, it's general trade and organized trade. It's premium consumers and, let 
me say, mid bucket consumers. So, it's important for us to have this ‘and’ mentality 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 28 of 42 
 
across the business. That's the only way end-to-end as an organization will end 
up growing. 
Latika:  
 
Thank you so much and wish you both the best. 
Ritesh Tiwari:  
 
Thank you Latika, appreciate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir P Shah from Nomura. Please 
go ahead. 
Mihir Shah: 
Hi, Thank you for taking my question. First question is to Priya. Priya, actually, if 
you can talk a bit more on the reimagining or modernizing the core portfolio that 
you mentioned. What should one expect? Should one expect a near complete 
overhaul of the core with new packaging, new communication, etcetera. I just 
wanted to understand what does that reimagining modernizing bring in. 
And secondly, you mentioned fewer big bets. Can you share something on what 
you're thinking about fewer big bets because in your opening remarks, we heard 
premiumization and market development spanning across categories? So, what 
does fewer big bets allude to, some examples, What does it include will be 
helpful? That's my first question. Thanks. 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. Thank you. Let me start with talking about how we will reimagine our core 
brands and what that entails. So, if you look at brands and let me give you an 
example from the Beauty category, just as an example. You know if you look at 
brands, brands no longer it's not just good enough to have higher brand equity, 
you need to have brands that are truly desired and desirable by consumers.  
Today, we have almost 400 million Gen Z consumers in India. And these 
consumers are indeed driving change and transformation in India. So, as we 
reimagine the brands, we need them to be more modern, more youthful. This 
means that we have to look across the brands, whether it is packaging, whether 
it is a proposition, whether it's the product, it will be a renovation on the core, but 
also very much premium innovation on our core brands and a mix of this but 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 29 of 42 
 
boldly transforming our brands is critical, as India is transforming and the 
consumers in India are changing what they're looking for. 
This is both in terms of marketing, more Social-first Demand Generation, so that 
consumers can discover brands more online, but also in terms of fulfillment. And 
as Ritesh mentioned, it's an ‘and’, not an ‘or’. When you think of the transformation 
of India, we often talk, and we think about the urban transformation taking place 
in India. 
I think what's exciting with what's happening in India, is the rural transformation 
that is taking place, whether it's through more road infrastructure, through better 
electrification, tap water in every home or indeed digital, which is truly 
transforming how consumers get aware of new propositions, new brands and 
new products.  
And therefore, for HUL, it is very critical that we span across this price-product 
benefit pyramid, transforming our core brands in line with these consumers. So 
that, in a sense, is what you can expect, bolder marketing transformation and 
channel transformation. 
The second question you asked was on fewer bigger bets. Here, the key point for 
us is to scale bets. When I was referencing fewer bigger bets, what I'm 
referencing is that we have the opportunity now to call out and scale a few of 
these bets to really develop markets. This will be based on market readiness, 
consumer readiness in the choices we will make of where we invest 
disproportionately for scale.  
And I can give you an example, just to take an example from the cleansing 
category. Today, the cleansing category in India is mostly a bars category. There's 
only 2% of the category, which is a liquids and body wash liquids. There's a huge 
opportunity for us to develop these markets and to scale body cleansing liquids. 
And that just is an example of the kind of work we will do to disproportionately 
invest behind a few segments. I hope that answers the question. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 30 of 42 
 
Mihir Shah: 
Great to hear that looking forward to all the bold launches and communications 
that you will be doing. Thanks for that. Second, is a bookkeeping question, Ritesh, 
I have a few on the transition, but I'll probably take it off-line because you've 
answered plenty. The question on other operating income and the employee 
cost. Any one-offs sitting out there? And how should one think about that going 
forward? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So first, the employee costs, and I would just like to add employee cost to 
other expenses. Both buckets put together, they operate at 18% to 18.5% range. 
And this quarter, as you saw, year-on-year, we have a little lesser employee cost 
and a little higher other expense. And there's always some phasing which is 
involved.  
Same period last year, we had a different base of ESOP expenses. And hence, 
year-on-year, you see that impact coming in. But please add both of them, and 
we will be always in the range of 18% to 18.5% put together. There'll be some 
pluses and minuses in the quarter because of the phasing, but it will start 
aggregating to that range approximately. So, nothing different, nothing 
substantial, I would say, but that range. 
Other operating income, we have PLI benefits and which have been accrued 
lesser. Again, that's a typical reality, A, with the Ice Cream business now and with 
demerger up coming in. So, we'll stop having that benefit coming in the P&L 
directly and accruals have been lower on other business as well, given the 
impact which has happened on growth for this year.  We'll end up accruing those 
when we are more certain that those accruals will come true. And hence, on a 
measured accounting basis, we chose not to accrue in this quarter, those 
benefits. And once we know that we have met the criteria, we can go back to a 
later point in time. So, we'll revisit this at the end of the financial year when we 
have full year results. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. Thank you very much Ritesh. Wishing you all the very best in your new role. 
It was a pleasure interacting with you. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 31 of 42 
 
Ritesh Tiwari:                      Thank you Mihir, and any questions that you have offline, please we can pick it up. 
Yeah, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Thanks for taking my question. Priya, my first question was to you. You have 
articulated very well about the key priorities across the four points which you 
made. From your perspective, what do you think would be the fastest fix to kind 
of drive on that whole growth agenda on these four key priorities that you have? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. I think all four are equally important. It's always the case in a company like 
HUL. What we will do is focus on the speed and agility to go behind these. A lot 
of the fundamentals are in place. So, whether it is the work that's been done on 
the brands, the more robust innovation pipeline or indeed the doubling down we 
have done behind the future fit channels. Our job now is to accelerate these and 
really be bolder. So that's where my head is. 
Sheela Rathi: 
I'm sorry, just a follow-up here. Do you think that on a quarter-to-quarter basis, 
we'll be able to track this in terms of how all these priorities are actually shaping 
up? 
Priya Nair: 
I think the priorities I've given to you are more on a long-term basis. But I'm sure 
as we go, we can look against these, and we will keep updating you on where 
we stand against this. I don't want to suggest that we should work quarterly 
update against each of these. But certainly, in the year as the year progresses, I 
will be happy to share where we stand against them. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. My second question was we have been calling out that the second 
half of this financial year would be much better than the first half. And of course, 
we have had the GST-related impact in the short term, which Ritesh talked about 
the kind of what the growth could have been if this impact would not have been 
there.  

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 32 of 42 
 
Just when you think about the second half, what is the kind of – and keeping 
aside the October phenomena because there also we are seeing a challenge in 
terms of delivering the growth. But if we think about the four months, which will 
be left for the financial year, what kind of growth delta are we kind of calling out 
from a volume perspective because there is a kind of a tailwind here and a lot of 
other participants also checked on that consumption should come back. But is 
there something in mind from a management perspective in terms of what is the 
kind of growth we could see? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. See, Sheela, always our first barometer is competitive growth. There is a 
market in which you operate. Our job is, of course, to create market and support 
market development. And our first stated goal is always to ensure that the 
outcome that we get, we judge it by has it been competitive, have we grown 
ahead of the market?  
As we have spoken that, even in current quarter, our growth has been 
competitive. And when you look at our latest share position for the last moving 
annual total, we spoke about that we have further gained turnover weighted 
corporate share. So that's first barometer. Second, the point I mentioned earlier is 
that there are more than one reasons now from a macroeconomic perspective, 
the trading atmosphere looks better and looks improved.  
So that should augur well for consumption. Equally, the work that we have done 
internally in the organization on innovation, on portfolio transformation, that's 
further supporting the growth outcome and the third point we mentioned that 
we will be focusing on investing in the business to drive growth. Now all these 
three things put together, we do expect to see volume growth to be better in 
second half of the financial year compared to first half.  
Now, price growth may or may not play a larger role if commodities are where 
we are today, we expect low-single digit pricing unless we see some different 
outcome in commodities to come in. Now I can't quantify a number, but what I 
can tell you that, A, we will see better outcome of volume growth because that's 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 33 of 42 
 
a single- minded focus. B, we will continue to drive competitive outcome on our 
volume growth. 
Sheela Rathi:  
 
Understood. Thank you, Priya, thank you Ritesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi, Thanks for taking my question. And happy Diwali to all of you. My question, 
Priya is, the four priorities that you mentioned, they seem to be on the right track, 
but we've also seen similar priorities in the past as well. So just for my 
understanding, if you can call out, if any, is there any sort of change in the way 
that you're looking at the business versus what it was before you came in? 
Priya Nair: 
Yeah, Thank you, Percy. HUL has over the last few quarters in the last couple of 
years, delivered competitive, profitable and consistent growth in a very, very 
challenging macroeconomic environment with subdued consumer demand 
overall. So, in that context, our job is to really accelerate our performance led out 
of volume-led revenue growth. That's where we're going to focus our efforts. 
And these four priorities is an acceleration of the journey we are on and a 
sharpening. What I want to bring in is more focus, speed and agility. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood.  Just to dwell a little further into this. Before you came in, as you said, 
the growth was competitive in a situation where macros were weak. So, the 
growth was delivered at that time through some other priorities apart from these 
four? 
Priya Nair: 
I think HUL has called out the Aspire strategy, and I think that has been shared 
actively. The strategy was to unlock and was crafted to unlock a billion 
aspirations that continues to be relevant. And we are seeing progress against 
that. What I'm referencing is really doubling down to focus on these four areas of 
priority. 
Percy Panthaki: 
That's very helpful. Secondly, I wanted to understand Ritesh or maybe even Priya, 
in 2017, when GST was introduced and then some of the rates were cut, etcetera, 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 34 of 42 
 
we saw a fairly good demand response for about 6 to 7 quarters even adjusted 
for base effects. We saw a marked acceleration in sort of top line growth. Should 
we consider that experience and sort of at least partially extrapolated this time 
around? Or are there reasons why we should not do so? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
So, Percy the way we will see this is one additional input, which adds to a few 
things which are going pretty good in terms of creating overall positive 
macroeconomic atmosphere for driving consumption. As I mentioned earlier, be 
it monetary easing earlier or the direct tax benefit or the inflation, including food 
inflation, which is meaningfully corrected and to add to all of that, now GST 
benefit coming in.  
All this put together will augur well for doing both, for improving the net 
disposable income and for improving consumer sentiment. And we all know that 
these two elements is what genuinely drives consumption. It supports our 
portfolio to be sold in more premium spaces, and it supports consumption. So, 
we do expect that these measures together put together will augur well for 
consumption. 
I don't think so, GST reform on its own will be a silver bullet, in terms of driving 
consumption, but absolutely an important initiative by Government, which adds 
to overall demand atmosphere which has been tepid for the last couple of years, 
this will augur well. And the fact I mentioned earlier that this is a time where all 
these initiatives are helping both rural and urban, and it's glad to see that both 
urban and rural are contributing to overall market improvement. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Follow-up on this, Ritesh for your portfolio as a whole, what in your view is the 
price elasticity of demand in terms of supposing if the consumer price drops by 
10% on an MRP level, what's the response is it 0.5%? Is it 0.3%, 0.7%. Any kind of 
rough ballpark that you would have in mind? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
No, reality Percy is, life is a little more complex than that. I would love to give a 
straight answer to you, but I was still help you to explain this on two or three 
dimensions. Now what are the categories which we know are more elastic to 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 35 of 42 
 
price. Skin Cleansing and Tea. We have seen that in these categories when prices 
go up or commodities go up, it impacts volume. We have called out for Skin 
Cleansing. That where overall we've seen pretty high amount of oil baskets going 
up. It impacted category volume growth and also our volume growth. Tea, we 
spoke about, where we saw a pretty high amount of inflation at a point in time, 
we saw that consumers downgraded, not only down traded, but also downgrade 
rate and they went to a lower price point for consumption because that's another 
category we have seen pretty elastic. 
But take another example of Home Care. Even in the peak when we had more 
than 20% price growth, we still saw a mid-single digit volume growth because we 
have seen a category like Home Care more resilient to price changes. So, there 
are different, let’s just say categories with different experiences, and if I further 
scale it down, it's also a different experience for different consumer cohort.  
And hence, very difficult to put a number to it, but I just hope that gives you a 
good amount of sense between if three large commodities, crude oil, which 
impacts Home Care, I would say, less elastic, Skin Cleansing and Tea, if at all, 
commodity changes, I would say, more elastic. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And where would you put Horlicks here? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
So, Horlicks is a discretionary category. So, Horlicks, Skin Care and we've seen 
that overall when net disposable income improves, we've seen that it augurs well 
for consumption. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. Thanks. Thanks, Ritesh and Priya. Thank you very much. That's all from me. 
All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Good evening. I just had one clarification, firstly, on the grammage part. So, in the 
latter part of September, you have had to make all these price adjustments to 
GST, but now you can actually make the grammage adjustment for the price 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 36 of 42 
 
point packs. I just wanted to understand, when you mentioned early part of 
November, all this gets normalized, does your entire grammage increase bit for 
the price point packs also now get adjusted in the same timeline by November? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. See, overall, Harit, in terms of changes, what we have done is for all non-
price point packs, of course, we have done price changes. And as we speak, 
those products are reaching the market with new MRP. Even on old MRP stock, 
we've given GST benefit and trade is passing that benefit on to consumers. When 
it comes to price point pack, to your point, the Rs. 1, the Rs. 2, the Rs. 5, what we 
have done out here, we have improved and increased grammage or ml which 
means effectively there's lower price per gram or price per ml. 
Now these changes have also started landing in the market. And as we speak 
across categories, this is now reaching the consumers. And we do expect that in 
early November it will be present across length and breadth of the country. 
There will always be some SKUs that will be a little up and down. But when we 
mentioned that early part of November, we should have normal trading 
conditions. What we meant was that bulk part of the business will be there with 
new price points in the market. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Fantastic. And my second question is to Priya. Given that you've recently come in 
and relooked at the portfolio as well as there's probably been a temporary kind 
of a blip because of GST, a lot of focus would have gone around executing that 
well. When one would have to judge in terms of the volume-led growth strategy, 
how well it has panned out. Do you think FY'27 would be the right barometer and 
not the near term as you start to put some of these plans in place, is that the right 
way to look at it for investors and us? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. I think many of the things I mentioned are medium to long term in nature. So, 
I think our focus, as I said, is obsession on volume-led revenue growth, putting in 
place the right conditions across our business. This is a continuous journey we 
have been on and will continue to be on for our business. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Fantastic. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 37 of 42 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nihar Jham from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Nihar Jham: 
Hi, good evening. I had two questions from my side. The first one on the Tea 
segment. Given the correction in prices of tea and the fact that we are looking at, 
say, marginally pricing in the commodity. Is it that in the Q3 quarter, we could see 
prices adjust before the cheaper raw materials, something you consume that 
could sort of impact our margins specifically for this segment? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yeah, so tea now, as we speak, we are in season. Tea starts to come in May, June, 
and then we start seeing more production coming in. So, we have a good sense 
now of tea season. The prices that we have in the market now reflects the lower 
commodity purchase price that we have and the lower, let me say, spot price 
that we see in the market.  
As I mentioned earlier that this is one of the categories that always benefits when 
overall price table comes down. And we have shown and declared like last 
quarter, this quarter as well, high-single USG for the business. And this high-single 
digit growth is supported also by volume growth as well, apart from price 
growth.  
So, our strategy of pricing to replacement has been in place for this quarter, and 
we are seeing opportunity impact of that coming in. 
Nihar Jham: 
That's very clear. My second question was to Priya on the Beauty & Wellbeing 
portfolio, specifically that if we look at current portfolio brands, it's mainly been, 
say, Vaseline, Ponds, where we've obviously extended it to different 
subcategories and sort of driven the innovation. So, as you look at scaling this 
specific segment ahead, are these current portfolio brands sort of enough? And 
is it where the innovations will happen, or will we look at more bolt-on 
acquisitions similar to what happened with Minimalist, say, six to nine months 
back? 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. If you look at the beauty category, let me start with the key trends that drive 
the beauty category globally. That's important to understand. The first is that the 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 38 of 42 
 
beauty brands that grow in the category tend to be brands that are desirable. 
This is very critical in beauty. It's not just functionality, right? It's about aesthetics, 
sensories, and creating truly desirable brands. A lot of beauty discovery happens 
online, and you need to be social-first.  
So, these are two very important things in beauty. And the third is really robust 
innovation program because consumers in beauty always seek more, as they get 
more affluent regimes tend to grow. We are, as you know, the leaders in beauty, 
both in skin, hair and color cosmetics. Our job as HUL will be to keep reshaping 
beauty regimes as India gets more affluent, this has been our focus and will 
continue to be our focus. 
So, to add from very simple regimes to add more complex regimes and for us to 
be the people who shape beauty regimes in India. That has been our focus and 
will keep being our focus. The team has actually done an excellent job both 
organically, as you mentioned, in adding innovations across the brands, both in 
Hair Care and in Skin Care. And we'll continue to look at appropriate bolt-on 
acquisitions as relevant to keep adding to our portfolio. 
Nihar Jham: 
 
Thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth from CWC. Please go 
ahead. 
Siddharth: 
Hi, welcome back to HUL, Priya and Ritesh and thanks for taking my question. The 
first one was to understand, you mentioned e-com is broadly about 8% of your 
sales. So, I'm assuming about 12% of urban sales considering two-third. As that 
grows, right, how does terms of trade change? And how does that sort of impact 
margins? That was question number one.  
And question number two was, if we had to look at the larger portfolio, right, 
there's a fairly large majority of the portfolio, which is 90% to 100% penetrated in 
the country where the Underlying Volume Growth is really population growth. 
And there as market leaders, obviously, you will probably grow at category or 
thereabouts. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 39 of 42 
 
And in that, premiumization, be it from soaps to liquids, both on hand and body 
wash or be it from – soaps, powders to liquids in case of detergents or shampoos 
to conditioners in case of Hair Care, those have been slow. And how do you see 
that changing to accelerate that premiumization-led growth in these very 
deeply penetrated categories? Those were my 2 questions. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So let me pick up Siddharth. So, first of all, coming to margins for e-
commerce. We have maintained in the past as well that when modern trade 
came and became bigger and one of the reasons why we, as modern trade has 
now become bigger, we have advantage with our portfolio there because we 
sell a more premium portfolio in modern trade. That's what has helped us to grow 
modern trade pretty well over the last couple of decades.  
E-commerce is no different. At this stage, there's much higher amount of 
fragmentation on the channel. These things will stabilize over a period of time. 
And our focus is now doing both, a, invest in the channel, but this is what the 
preference of consumers are, and we will always go where our consumers are. 
And as we invest in the channel, we're also really mindful that our portal is very 
sharply crafted. We use the term called design for channel. So, our packs that we 
sell on e-commerce they are designed for e-commerce, the pack that we sell in 
quick commerce, they are designed for quick commerce. This ensures two 
things. A, it ensures the right level of profitability and B, it ensures that we have 
much lower channel conflict. And hence, all put together, at this stage, we know 
that we're in investment phase for e-commerce.  
And we know that it's the right thing to do to keep developing portfolio and keep 
bringing propositions that consumers demand in the channel today. But the point 
that Priya mentioned earlier, it's an ‘and’ story for growth for us. We have to grow 
general trade. We have to grow modern trade, and we have to grow e-
commerce. Within that e-commerce we have to grow all pods of e-commerce. 
That's the only way we'll get total growth as Hindustan Unilever. 
Now coming to the second question on high penetrative categories. You're right, 
when you look at Skin Cleansing, when you look at hair, for that matter, driven by 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 40 of 42 
 
shampoo, sachets or detergents, these are highly penetrated categories. But 
equally, there are many categories like Lifestyle Nutrition or Skin Care, or for that 
matter, sun care, much lower amount of penetration.  
Many subcategories in skin care have single-digit penetration, massive 
headroom for growth. At an aggregate level with the $54 per capita consumption 
when I compare to Indonesia, which is twice the amount of GDP per capita, but 
four times FMCG consumption per capita. We know there's a long runway for 
growth in terms of FMCG.  
But even in large categories, let me quote an example of Home Care. Today, not 
every household has a washing machine and every household that has washing 
machine is still not using a liquid detergent. So, the amount of growth that we 
have from mass powders to premium powders, premium powders to liquids, 
from liquid to what we just launched recently, liquids, which end up performing 
with a much faster cycle or for that matter, going to shots later point in time, or 
for that matter, going from fabric wash to fabric conditioners, there's a long 
runway for us to ensure that we are able to make our portfolio continuously 
premium. 
Now in some spaces, we've seen more amount of, let's say, outcome like laundry 
liquids but a similar amount of adoption for body wash liquid has been slower. 
And today, bodywash liquid is more like 2-odd percentage for the category, 
wherein it's almost 7, 8 percentage when it comes to Home Care liquids.  
So, there are different level of trajectories but the job of developing market and 
making market is a full-time job. And as a market leader, this is always the first 
focus for us. With 85% of the business where we lead market, and in a country 
which has overall per capita consumption, long runway to growth, this is what 
our focus will always be. 
Sidharth: 
Thanks, and just a follow-up on the e-commerce piece. So given the fact that you 
mentioned is an investment channel, how do you see the salience of top of the 
funnel spends today, brand awareness, brand consideration spends versus 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 41 of 42 
 
platform spends. What's the salience today? And how do you see that changing, 
say, over the next two years? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
See, I won't be able to share hard numbers, but let me tell you that overall, CAC 
to LTV ratio, this is one of the single biggest important factors that we measure 
internally in the business. Today, we have more than 50% of the investment that 
happens digitally. And when we measure ROAS, there are a few parameters, 
including the CAC to LTV ratio is one of the parameters we always ensure that it 
is A, competitive and it is top of the pack in the industry.  
There are learnings. I'm saying what drives growth on e-commerce? What drives 
growth in quick commerce? What are the elements of investment within that, on 
the platform that we need to do to get far better ROI? This is exactly what our 
team does. So, we are a full-blown machinery which works on e-NRM. So, our Net 
revenue management, machinery, we deploy digital learning at scale to fine-
tune our overall deployment.  
We have our own in-house system called Sangam that allows us to and helps us 
to allocate media far more effectively across the various demands it has. So that 
just gives you an example. Of course, I can't share more details of that, but I hope 
you've got a flavor the way we approach this area. 
Siddharth: 
Sure, thanks. And all the best to you, Ritesh. And welcome back and all the best 
to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Yogesh Mulgaonkar for closing 
comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Thank you, Michelle. With that, we now come to the end of the Q&A session. 
Before we end, let me remind you that the playback of this event will be available 
on the IR section of our website in a short while. Thank you, everyone, for your 
participation, and have a great evening. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Thank you. Thank you all. 

                            September Quarter 2025 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 42 of 42 
 
Priya Nair: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Hindustan Unilever 
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of 
English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 
