= APEX 
To 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001. 
Scrip Code 
: 540692 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
3.160, Panasapoadu, Kakinade 533 005 
Andhra Prodesh. 
Indic 
off +91 BB4 2383902 - 4 (3 lines) 
fox 
+91 
BB4 2383905 - 6 
cs@opexfrozenfoods.com 
CIN: L15490AP2012PLCOB00S7 
Date: 21t November, 2025. 
To 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block, 
BandraKurla Complex, 
Bankdra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol 
: APEX 
Sub: 
Transcript of Q2FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on 17 November, 
2025-Reg. 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, kindly find enclosed a transcript of the Q2FY26 
Earnings Conference Call, which was held on 17th November, 2025. 
The 
aforementioned Earnings Conference 
Call, 
as 
per 
the 
transcript 
enclosed, 
incorporates mainly 
the highlights 
of Un-Audited financial results 
of 
the 
02nd 
Quarter and Half Year ended 30% September, 2025 and other related information 
which 
is 
already 
in 
public 
domain and/or made 
available/uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s website. 
Please take the same on record. 
For Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
Karuturi Subrahmanya Chowdary 
Managing Director 
DIN: 03619259 
Encl:a/a
KARUTURI 
SUBRAHMANYA 
CHOWDARY
Digitally signed by KARUTURI 
SUBRAHMANYA CHOWDARY 
Date: 2025.11.21 16:02:15 
+05'30'

FA 
FROZEN FOODS 
“Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY 26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 17, 2025 
& 
_./V 
€ HOR 
L 
APEX 
STELLAR 
‘ 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KARUTURI CHOWDARY — MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER — APEX FROZEN 
FooDS LIMITED 
MR. DURGA PRASAD — SENIOR MANAGER, ACCOUNTS 
— APEX FROZEN FOODS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MR. SUYASH SAMANT — STELLAR IR ADVISORS 
Page 1 0f20

A 
APEX 
Moderator: 
Suyash Samant: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Apex Frozen Foods Limited Q2 and H1 
FY 26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen- 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
Iwill now hand the conference over to Mr. Suyash Samant from Stellar IR Advisors for opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Suyash. 
Thank you. Good moming, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have with us the 
senior management team of Apex Frozen Foods Limited, Mr. Chowdary, Karuturi, Managing 
Director and Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Durga Prasad, Senior Manager, Accounts, who 
will represent Apex Frozen Foods Limited on the call. 
The management will be sharing the key operating and financial highlights for the quarter and 
half year ended 30th September 2025, followed by a question-and-answer session. Please note 
that this call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely based 
upon the company’s beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. These statements are not the 
guarantee of the company's future performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
The company also undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect 
developments that occur after the statement is made. 
Inow hand over the conference to Mr. Chowdary, Karuturi. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Yes. Thank you, Suyash. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this investor 
call for Q2 FY 26. We have uploaded the investor presentation on the website of the stock 
exchanges, and we do hope that you had a chance to go through . 
Tobegin with, we would like to reiterate our diversification strategy that we have been pursuing 
over the past few years. Tn FY '22, for example, our non-U.S. export business accounted for 
roughly around 24%, and this has now expanded to nearly 50% in the first half of FY 26. We 
aim to keep diversifying our client base actoss geographies to mitigate the risk of dependence 
on any one single region. That said, the U.S. continues to remain an important market, both for 
India as a whole and for our company also. 
Now coming to the financial performance in Q2 of FY 26. The net revenue rose by 19% year- 
on-year to INR238 crores, driven mainly by higher realizations at INR870 per kilo, marking a 
25% increase year-on-year. The higher realization was mainly on account of firm global shrimp 
prices along with favorable exchange rate movements. Now sales volumes, of course, have 
declined marginally from 2,710 metric tonnes in Q2 last year to 2,606 metric tonnes in Q2 of 
FY 26, mainly on account of the U.S. tariff-linked trade uncertainties. 
While sales to the U.S. declined in Q2 FY 126, the European Union market, excluding the United 
Kingdom, continued 
the growth momentum with year-on-year sales growth of 18% and quarter- 
on-quarter sales growth of 21% in Q2 of FY 26. The non-U.S. business share increased to 56% 
in Q2 FY '26. 
Page 2 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Moderator: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
Coming to the profitability. In Q2 FY 26, the gross profit increased by 76% year-on-year and 
9% quarter-on-quarter to INR96 crores with a gross margin of 39%. The margin improved by 
1,200 bps year-on-year and 552 bps quarter-on-quarter, was supported by growth in realization 
and stable farm gate prices. In Q2 of FY 26, the average shrimp purchase price for the company 
was around INR321 per kilo, which was flat year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. 
The EBITDA grew 284% year-on-year and almost flat quarter-on-quarter to INR18 crores, 
forming an EBITDA margin of 7.2% from 2.3% in Q2 FY '26. Lower finance costs and 
depreciation aided further growth in profit after tax, which increased to INR12 crores in Q2 of 
FY 26 from a loss of INR1.7 crores in Q2 last year and INR crores in Q1 of FY 26. 
Now with regards to the first half of FY 26 financial performance, our net revenue grew 29% 
year-on-year to INR497 crores versus INR386 crores last year. Gross profit increased 60% year- 
on-year to INR184 crores with a gross margin of 36% versus 30% for last year. EBITDA grew 
130% year-on-year to INR36 crores with EBITDA margin of 7.1% versus 4% of last year. Profit 
after tax increased 877% year-on-year to INR21 crores from INR2 crores in H1 of FY '25. 
In terms of balance sheet, it continues to remain strong with our total borrowings reduced 
significantly over the past 3 years from INR167 crores as of March 2022 to INR41 crores as of 
September 2025. In the first half of FY 26, the company repaid almost INR30 crores in debt, 
bringing down the short-term borrowings to INR40 crores and a long term to nearly INR1 crores 
as of September 25. 
Our net debt-to-equity ratio has strengthened from 0.34x as of March 2022 to 0.05x as of 
September 2025, reflecting our sustained focus on debt reduction and balance sheet strength, 
improved profitability, lower working capital requirements and depreciation. Our cash flow 
from operations have grown to INR46 crores in first half of FY '26 versus INR7.3 crores in first 
half of FY 25. 
Now to conclude with, 
I would like to reiterate that with a lot of the headwinds in the previous 
quarters for a couple of years playing out, we continue to focus on the basics, like strengthening 
of our balance shect, diversifying our revenues mainly on account of markets and continuing to 
ensure that we are ready for the markets as the overall situation improves. 
We are hopeful of a fruitful outcome from the ongoing India-U.S. trade deal talks and look 
forward 
to improving export trade with U.S. as well as other major markets like European Union, 
where we have been informed that the India, EU, FDA is also likely to get concluded very soon. 
So we are watching the developments carefully and continuing our endeavor to take the right 
steps towards sustainable business development and growth. 
With that, we can now open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you very much. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred Research. 
1just wanted 
to understand the developments on the Europe front. Our facility itself was made 
for the European market with - in mind to enter the European market. However, there were a 
Page 3 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
Lot of barriers to enter that market, including approvals not given and other quantitative, non- 
quantitative barriers. Now that India, EU seem to be on the right track for trade, have a lot of 
those barriers gone off? Or are there still some barriers, which stand in your way? 
As far as the barriers are concerned, definitely, the EU market will continue to have its own set 
of regulations and stringent checks and measures — checks in place, sorry, which obviously will 
just maybe kind of delay the time required for shipping a particular order or any of those 
purchase orders what we have. But as far as the general barriers, which are there, as far as 
restrictions, which are there, they have all been removed. 
And like you mentioned, our new facility, which has been also conceived or made, which was 
created 5 years ago, was supposed to be significantly utilized for this market, but because of that 
major issue, which got resolved a few months ago, especially 
I mean during the Q2. And now 
we are - as we are also taking up additional orders for ready-to-eat also from that market. So 
that really -- it is the -- a big hindrance for our business to EU has been removed. 
But however, the regular systems, which are in place for the EU market in general, which make 
ita little bit tough to — I mean, its not really tough. I's just that the time taken for order delivery 
would be more in the case of EU compared to other markets because of the testing protocols 
involved prior to shipment and all that. So otherwise, yes, the major barriers have already been 
totally -- we have overcome all those barriers, thanks to the efforts by Government of India. 
With that in view, are the regulations currently for approving our exports to EU in line with 
Vietnam? With that, what I'n trying to understand is Vietnam is currently the largest exporter 
to EU. And of course, India now has an opportunity to make a mark there; however, our - even 
the stringent - checks were quite stringent on Indian shipments compared to Vietnam, and that 
also was a hindrance in a way. So is at least the hindrance reduced to the level of Vietnam? Or 
is it still more to go? 
Okay. There are 2 - Mr. Nitin, there are 2 parts here. One s the general entry barrier, which was 
there because they were holding up approvals of the facilities, that has been overcome. Now 
when you are making comparison to another market like Vietnam, we need to acknowledge the 
fact that Vietnam has an FTA free trade agreement in place for almost 2 years, this is the third 
year, T guess. And they are at 0% tariff or duty, the Vietnam shrimp products into the European 
Union are at 0% for raw - ready-to-cook -- sorry, ready-to-cook products, while we are at 4.3%. 
And the - also their testing at the destination on their goods is at 10%, while the testing on 
Indian consiguments to the European Union are at 50%. So these 2 major topics, which are there. 
One is that tariff bartier and the other is non-tariff barrier as far as the entry of consignments 
into the EU is concerned, that is being addressed right now as we speak in the negotiations of 
the India, EU, FTA talks. 
And the soonest that — we have been given the information, as T mentioned in the opening 
remarks, that itis going to get concluded very soon, most likely by the end of this year. So hope 
— and subsequently, whatever the due process which is - which will be taken up within the EU 
amongall its nations, then we should be on par with the country or the other markets, which you 
Page 4 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Moderator: 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
are mentioning about of having like the tariff barrier of that 4.3% additional on our ready-to- 
cook and 7.2% on the ready-to-eat differences there. 
And also the testing upon arrival of shrimp consignments from India currently at 50%, which is 
a non-tarif barrier, all these are being addressed right now. So once the FTA is done by the end 
of this year, that will totally keep us on par. I think that should answer your question. So we are 
all waiting for the FTA to even have these 1 or 2 tariff as well as non-tariff barriers to totally be 
climinated for the Indian shrimp consignments. 
‘We take the next question from the line of Bala Murali Krishna from Oman Investment Advisors. 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, the question is regarding the new markets, which 
are opened like Australia and also some Russian market approvals also we have received. So 
what is the potential of those markets? And do we have any plans to export to those markets? 
Yes. We are, of course, expanding, as mentioned carlier in the opening remarks. We are, of 
course, expanding to other markets, including Russia. And now Australia, they have recently 
approved after a long gap, almost a decade, more than a decade. There were restrictions with 
regard to Australia for shrimp from India, which — those restrictions have been eased, and we 
are looking forward for — to starting the shipments again with Australia. 
In the case of Russia, also, they have — we have - already are in the process of getting the 
approvals done as they are doing it in phases. Russia also, there were similar issues lie EU. But 
in the present scenario, we do have the word even from the Honorable Prime Minister of the 
country, Mr. Narendra Modi also that it's being taken up soon, and he is going to have an 
interaction even with the President and the government later. So that they are going to clear up 
the proposals for — sorry, all the pending approvals for all the shrimp processing factories. 
Sowe are — of course, we are looking forward for doing — increasing our sales to other makets 
as that answers. We have already started doing for Canada. I mean, we are increasing that 
Canadian business. And now Russian approval, we are looking - awaiting. We have already 
met a few customers, and we look forward for exploiting the potential, which is there in that 
market because we already produce those products, which the Russian market currently imports 
for other markets already for U.S. and Europe. 
So t's very easy for us to do - just to get the regulatory approval, which is being done right now 
as the negotiations or discussions between the Indian government and the Russian government 
are happening at a very high level. That I can only comment to that point with regard to Russia. 
So yes, we are definitely looking ahead. And I think we should be able to start, if not in Q3, by 
atleast Q4, we should 
be able to start for Russia and Australia, for sure, to answer your question. 
So how bigger these markets are like from the the 5% or 10% share of the export business? 
The potential for Australia itself is quite significant. In fact, the company was doing a good 
chunk of business, a good part of business in the past. 
I mean this was even before the company 
became private. So let us say, before 2012, around 2012-'13. Before that time, we used to do 
quite a lot of business with Australia, and there is a lot of potential in Australia. So we can 
Page 5 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
definitely - at least to start with, we can easily take it up in the first year at 5% and grow it to 
almost 10% of the overall business on a percentile basis as far as Australia is concerned. 
In Russia, there is a good potential. And both the markets, which you have mentioned because 
of various restrictions or these hurdles, which we were having, we were - our market share has 
been taken over by countries like Vietnam or even Ecuador to a certain extent and Indonesia. 
And with these hurdles being — or hindrances being removed or eliminated in the due course of 
time in the future, we are very confident that we will be able to gain back our business, our 
market into those — both those markets. I mean, in Australia — I mean, Russia, it will be a first 
time for us. 
But Australia, we have - there was a pause of business with them for more than a decade since 
they stopped Indian consignments. But we — it's a good - very good market, both of them. 
Australia, definitely, its much bigger. Russia, of course, even though this is the first time we do, 
we did make studies, and we do have an understanding of the market potential there. Yes, so 
both of them are very important — will be important markets going forward to be keeping it, let 
us say, on par with U.K. and even higher than it will be almost as far as Canada is concerned, 
Australia and Canada are pretty much kind of similar markets. 
Okay. And then, these farm gate pricing, how is that trend now as of now because earlier there 
is a drop because of tariff. So is there any improvement in the farm gate prices or...? 
They have been stable. The farm gate prices have been quite stable for the past 3 to 4 months, 
almost since April, almost it's been very stable. In between, of course, there will be here and 
there a little bit of spikes, which would be there during some gaps in supply. But the primary 
producers are also quite comfortable at these levels, and they have been — the prices have been 
very stable actually. 
And in fact, since we do a very small part of the seed business on the hatchery front, we also 
have seena lot of interest in the seed booking and they are taking the shrimp seed and, definitely, 
farmers also have been going for stockings. It's just that they are changing their strategy of the 
sizes, which they used to produce. Earlier, they used to produce mainly the smaller sizes, very 
small sizes and which mostly used to cater to, let us say, China, for example, the Chinese market. 
But now they are looking at more of a medium-sized target as their first harvest. And that's more 
of an individual plan of respective farmers or the primary producers. And - but overall, the 
confidence at the farm level is good, minus any chaos or any issue, which would be created if 
any climatic issues are there. Like, for example, there was some cyclone effect last month and 
some of the farms may get affected. But overall, everybody are —- currently, the sentiment is 
good as far as the farming producers are - farmers are concerned. 
Okay, sir. And lastly, on the raw material cost, this quarter we have a reduction in raw material 
cost, but that is not reflecting in the EBITDA. The other expenses are also increased quarter-on- 
quarter, that includes almost 100% by year-on-year. So what is the reason for this spike in other 
expenses? It looks like the raw material advantage, this price advantage can really translate to 
half year. 
Page 6 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Moderator: 
Sharan: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
No. See, the raw material price, of course, was, in fact, lesser for the current quarter. It was 
INR321 on average. Again, that - 
I mean, for the - of course, definitely, it s a little bit higher. 
If we look at on a half yearly basis, this year, it is higher by INR10 compared 
to last year. One 
of the major reasons why this year, the farmers mood is also in a much better way compared to 
last year is, these prices have been very stable and not going low and kind of affecting them as 
far as the raw material prices are concerned. 
Now your question related to the other income — soiry, other expenses, I'm sorry. One of the 
most important points with regard to the other expenses, which you also need 
to understand is 
that our tariffs have increased the tariff, which you are aware, which is being paid in the case of 
U.S. market. The 50% tariff that obviously gets factored. I mean, that will be part of the other 
expenses. One of the reasons why the other expenses jump is there. 
So thatis not - so by the way, the same tariff 
is also being compensated by the customers, which 
I think we have already informed to you during Q1 also — I mean, quarter 1 also. So the other 
expenses increase is mainly in relation to the tariffs, especially. Otherwise, most of our costs 
have actually come down comparatively compared to the previous quarter -- last quarter. 
And its the - overall gross profit as well as the EBITDA margin also, if we look atit, it definitely 
has improved compared to the previous quarter o even on quarter-on-quarter basis. If you see 
even last year year-on-year basis also, it definitely has improved. The other part is - the other 
expenses part is mainly due to the tariff component, which you can see has significantly 
increased in Q1 as well as Q2 also of this year of FY 26. So mainly on the tariff part for the U.S. 
market. 
Obviously, as we grow our sales to other markets, where there are - the tariff issues are not 
there. So that will get negated 
to that much extent. So with having a stable or firm selling prices 
from the other markets also and this stable and good farm gate prices, our margins should 
‘maintain in a very comfortable manner. 
We take the next question from the line of Sharan from SVS Family Office. 
Since our capacity utilization is only 30%, so how are you thinking to unlock this? Or what could 
be the factors that could drive for unlocking this capacity utilization going forward, let's say, in 
another 2, 3 years? 
Yes, main - of course, the capacity as such, utilization has been on the lower side. But now 
compared to last year, definitely, this year, it has been in a much better manner. But we are 
focusing on growing our — of course, as we diversify not only in markets, but also our customers 
in the existing markets. We are confident that we will be ramping up our utilization. 
It is true that we did make some changes within the operations and even consolidated some of 
the operations during the Q2, but that is just a stand-alone one-off case where we have been 
focused more on operating in 1 facility and trying to produce more out of that, so that we can 
bring down our overall costs. 
Page 7 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Sharan: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Sharan: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
But going forward, with this diversified diversification in markets and adding up more to the 
order book, we do plan to increase our — utilization of our capacity even further and rather take 
itup to 50% minimum over the next 1 year for sure. That is the idea. So which actually we have 
been planning this year also to take it up to almost 14,000 to 15,000 metric tonnes in this year. 
But of course, in the July - in Q2 - sorty, there was — in the beginning of Q2, there was certain 
issues with regard to supply on certain sizes. So we couldn't take up that. But next - going into 
the future years, definitely, we look forward to increasing the capacity utilization even further, 
aided by these diversification plans, especially. 
Okay. Just a follow-up to this. If we unlock this capacity utilization ideally rough -- so back of 
the paper calculation, it means that my -- our revenue should be touching somewhere around 
INR2,400 crores. T mean that's the ideal, let's say, if Ireach up to the 80% or 85% of the capacity 
utilization, right? 
Two factors here is, with regard 
to capacity utilization, we would 
be more focusing on producing 
more volumes. Now whether that would entirely bring out the revenue number is a different 
question because, as you know, the revenue is determined based on our realization in dollar 
terms, also in the rupee terms. As you also notice, the foreign exchange gains, especially with 
regard to the depreciating rupee in the past 2 quarters have definitely helped 
us to maintain on 
the revenue. 
And yes, however, we all need to acknowledge the fact here that the more expensive a product 
becomes, it cannot sustain for a long period at that level. So there would be corrections, whether 
itis, for example, even these tariff - these current selling prices, which are there for U.S. market, 
especially with the tariffs, whether they can sustain for a prolonged period, that is definitely 
questionable, obviously. And the sooner the tariffs are removed or reduced, 
it should be 
encouraging more volume. 
That's what we are looking forward 
to. So I wouldat exactly be able to give you a number — I 
mean, an idea on the number of - amount of revenue, but rather, we would be focused on our 
volume growth for sure. And in the present scenario of between INR700, INRS00 per kilo and 
even further value addition as we develop, even taking it up to INR900, INR1,000 per kilo on 
realization front, definitely, the absolute revenue will be in relation to that. 
But we — our focus mainly will be on growing the volumes, especially. But if you ask me today, 
today, it is not appropriate because tariffs are also playing a big role in the way the revenue is 
placed in today's scenario, which we all have to acknowledge. So —- but as these tariffs get 
removed, which eventually have to be reduced or removed because for us, everybody, so that 
the consumers can continue to consume the products and buy these products. And that way, we 
can also grow volumes. I hope — Im sorry, but we will not be giving you much of idea of 
numbers... 
But I'm not asking - I'was just asking from a, let’s say, froma 2, 3 years perspective, taking 10 
years average rate and then you can just help us in understanding the potential. Its just about - 
Page 8 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Sharan: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
I mean, measuring the potential of the current capacity, if it shoots the capacity utilization 
growth, what would be the potential revenue is what 
I was trying to... 
Maximum, I would only — we would only be able to give you an idea that if we are able to 
achieve a 70% utilization of our capacity — current capacity, we should be looking at around 
20,000 metric tonnes in the due course, in the next few years, right? So that is — and usually 
80%, 85% is the max out of any fixed capacity we have. Beyond that, it is not possible to do. I 
mean it's not - it's challenging. It's not in the interest of the machinery, which is there. 
So thatis what I can - we can inform you at this time. But definitely, based on that, the revenue 
would be there accordingly. But I've just gave you - we just gave you an idea of how -- to what 
level we can do our volume going into the future years when we touch up around 70% of our - 
roughly going to 18,000, 20,000 metric tonnes in the next 2 to 3 years, this is definitely a 
sustained volume growth. 
It should 
be sustained also. It's not like we just do it in 1 quarter or do it in 1 year and then, again, 
it comes down. That is not the idea. So we want to have a sustainable growth. In fact, we have 
had issues over the past - last year, especially, which we want to come out of such scenarios. 
Now with this diversification plans, definitely. it is going to help, yes. 
Okay. Just last question from my end. So if this, let's say, the capacity utilization keeps on going 
up and reaches to the levels whatever you are mentioning in 2, 3 years, ideally, the current 
margins, whatever Im seeing should also be incremental — it will be incremental, right? I mean, 
what is the steady state margins you will be getting in this business is what I want to know? 
See, in the present — I mean, okay, with regard to the margins, especially if we look at it, we 
were doing — earlier, we used to do an EBITDA level of 10% plus. It was always double digit. 
But then after the — in the past 1 to 2 years, definitely, our margins have contracted for various 
reasons, also for certain provisions, which were made, especially in the past 2 years for some 
legacy-related issues, whatever. 
We - definitely, with the growth in the value terms, obviously, a 10% to 12% margin is doable 
for sure on an EBITDA level as long as the realization also continues to grow. That is -- and we 
cannot expect higher realizations on commodity level products or the baseline products where 
the volume growth will be there in a good way. But as we definitely increase our value-added 
output, which is just not our focus, even government of India today, especially, even to the level 
of the Honorable Prime Minister is asking us to grow the value-added component more than that 
component. 
So that definitely would be not only just enhancing our - on revenue numbers, but revenue on 
sales alone, but it will also be enhancing our margin so that we can have a stable 10%, 12% 
level, which was there. It's not like something, which we did not have in the past. So its not 
something - we missed on the past few years, it was a little bit challenging for various issues. 
But those, as we overcome and all these positive news, which are there for our industry and, 
especially, from the markets, which we deal with, definitely, we should be looking in that 
direction. 
Page 9 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Sharan: 
Moderator: 
Sidharth Srikumar: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Sidharth Srikumar: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Sidharth Srikumar: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
Okay. Okay. Ideally, sir, Imean, everything is in the place, it's just that we have to wait for the 
revenue 
to come. Let's just see. 
We take the next question from the line of Sidharth Srikumar from ithought PMS. 
So my question is like in H2 FY 26, the realization increased by 22 percentage compared to H1 
FY 25, right? 
Sorry, can you — you said the - can you repeat, I'm sorry? 
So the H1 FY 26 realization is higher by 22 percentage compared 
to the last halfyear of FY 25, 
right? 
Yes. 
So out of that how much of that is due to increase in tariffs and, let's say, the dollar depreciation 
— sorry, the rupee depreciation? 
Okay. See, with regard to tari fs, you need to understand currently, especially in the first quarter, 
we were mostly paying 10% tarifs in the first — during the first quarter. But during the second 
quarter, actually, I think pretty much from the middle of - almost from the beginning of second 
quarter, even though the tariffs were announced at 50% from August onwards, that definitely 
affected some of our shipments in July also. And obviously, it's a blend in the first half of the 
current fiscal year, where the tariff component is — 1 minute, sorry. 
That was — the tariff alone was - it will be roughly around — on the sales, it will be around 9 — 
I'm sorry, it is almost — it's a blend. Only the tariff component was around 9%. I mean that is 
because we have diversified our markets, and we are not doing everything anymore on U.S. So 
only on the tasiff between the 2 quarters, we — on an absolute number basis, we had to pay 
around INR39 crores, roughly -- around INR40 crores, sorry. So that is — which would be 
translating to roughly around 9%, I guess. Yes, sorry, 8.5% on the tariffs alone. 
Now rupee depreciation in the previous quarter and, 
I mean, compared to last quarter, of course 
— sorry, last year first half and this year's first half, we did have definitely a good — in our 
advantage, in the industry's advantage as well as the company's advantage, definitely, we did 
have a good depreciation of rupee, which helped us. So that is to the extent of almost we had 
around - I think, we roughly had around INRS to INR6 compared to last year. 
But the most important point here s with regard to revenue, the sales - the unit value in dollar 
terms without the tariff also was very stable compared to last year. The main important part is 
this that the prices — the selling prices without the tariff also have remained quite stable this year 
compared to last year. So overall, the demand in the market from various countrics, I mean, 
U.S.A., of course, continuing, that definitely helped us to have a good realization in dollar terms 
as well as, of course, supported by the foreign exchange, definitely, it helped us in the rupee 
terms also. 
Page 10 of 20

A 
APEX 
Sidharth Srikumar: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Sidharth Srikumar: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Moderator: 
Unni: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Unni: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Unni: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Unni: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
Understood. So you said to an carlier participant that, let's say, you see potential of doing up to 
10 percentage of your current business in Australia. 
I mean, 
I don't know if that is what you 
meant? 
Yes. We said there is a potential to grow till 10% of our business over a period of time. That 
was what 
I said when the earlier participant was specifically asking what exactly is the potential 
there with the market of ~ for the market of Australia. That's what he was specifically asking. 
And I was telling we could... 
10% for... 
10% of our business, which we could take it up. And we were telling that - I was telling that we 
could grow it till that level because it's a very good market, which we had in the past, but we lost 
it over the past decade. And now we are looking forward to regain it back soon. 
We take the next question from the line of Unni from Geojit Investment Limited. 
I have 2 questions. So one is the continuation from the earlier participant. So the tariff impact, 
if I want to understand. In other expenses, how much is the tariff amount, if you can bifurcate, 
it would be helpful. 
In our case, for the half year, it was INR40 crores. 
INR40 crores, right. And the second question is, you had mentioned in the previous call, right, 
if we get the approval from EU, for the new facility, there is the RTE facilities, around 2,500 
tonnes of additional volumes you expect. So you continue with that expectation, maintain that 
expectation? 
T'm sorry, can you repeat this question, please? I'm sorty. 
The RTE facility for the - since we got the approval from EU, how much would be the volume 
— additional volume you expect? In the previous calls, you mentioned about 2,500 additional 
volume. So if you maintain that, that is what I'm asking. 
Currently, in the volume, what we have -- so far we have done curently in our sales for the first 
half of roughly, we have - so far, we have done around 5,600 metric tonnes; out of which 
currently the EU market is around 46%. So we are, in fact, growing it even further. We, in fact, 
are --we have good set of orders for that market, except for certain regulatory hindrances, which 
will be there for that market while doing shipments. But otherwise, we look forward 
to grow it 
even further. 
And definitely, in FY 26, we will be doing the highest amount of volume. In volume terms, we'll 
be able to do highest amount of sales with — to the EU market for sure, as we have engaged with 
a lot of customers in a diversified way in the entire European Union market. So yes, we are — 
currently, already, we are at doing — currently, we are at 2,300 metric tonnes already as far as 
EU is concerned. 
Sorry, I'm specifically asking for the RTE facility that you recently got... 
Page 11 0of 20

A 
APEX 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Unni: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Moderator: 
Ashok Kumar: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Ashok Kumar: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Ashok Kumar: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
See, with this RTE, we have —- yes, RTE, we will be able to do it for sure, which will be more 
possible in the next fiscal year because, as you know, we have received the approval and we 
have already started doing RTC in the end of Q2. And RTE, we have taken up orders now, and 
we are continuing to take more of those RTE orders for the EU market in Q3 and Q4. The impact 
of the RTE we should be able to see more of it towards from next year because the full year, we 
will be able to take it up - sorry, well be able to exploit that potential to the fullest next year. 
So how much — if you can give a guidance for how much it is, since you have mentioned like 
you have already — the customers you have already, so how much it would be in terms of 
volumes from this RTE facility? 
From this - I mean, this year, of course, it -- we should be doing around 1,000 metric tonnes 
max, high side, on a higher side, which tentatively in the current financial year, roughly, we 
should be able to do around 1,000. But next year, we should be - only in the RTE, we should 
be looking at 2,000 to 2,500 metric tonnes as stated in the earlier call. 
We take the next question from the line of Ashok Kumar from EY Company. 
Yes. So first of all, congratulations on the good set of numbers. So I have one question, which 
is a follow-up to the previous conference call. So where you have mentioned that after getting 
the EU approval for the new capacity, you mentioned that there is some new local approvals, 
which are pending. So are they gone through? I mean you have got the new... 
They are done. Yes, they were done. They were done. We already started. I think we have been 
answering that. We have already started doing. And in fact, with regard to the RTC 
consignments, we have already started. RTE, we are producing them currently, and we'll be 
shipping them as and when the required — requisite testing is done, which is mandated as per 
the EU prior to shipment. So that we'll be doing those also. We are already doing from the new 
facility for the EU market. 
Okay. So that means the exports also already started? 
Yes, yes, they have started. Its just that it started towards in the current - sorry, Q3, not 
- 
I 
mean, yes, in the present quarter, it did start. And we are already taking up orders and further 
orders also growing them from the new facility out of the new facility. 
Yes. Good to know that. So 
Thave just 1 more question. So with regard to the U.S. tariffs, after 
they have been moved to 50% I think this would be the first quarter, 
I mean, the current quarter, 
which is Q3, which is going on. So this would be the first quarter, which will have a full quarter 
impact of the 50% tariffs of the U.S. side. 
So how do you see the current quarter shaping up considering the diversification we have in 
place? Because why I'm being - I know that this is a pure short-term call, but these kind of 
situations will give us the clarity on the resilience we got into our business after the 
diversification. So that's the reason I want just to know how this quarter is going to shape up. 
Page 12 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Ashok Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Sidharth Srikumar: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Sidharth Srikumar: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
Well, as negotiations - trade negotiations happen, continue to happen and there are dialogues 
happening parallelly, during our companys quarterly con call, but also parallelly, there are 
negotiations happening between the governments, we should see whether the entire Q3 will 
really be exposed to the 50% tariffs or not, 
I dont know. It is too premature to say - to state. 
However, the impact of the tariffs s there, and we wouldu't conceal that fact, but it is a fact that 
it is there. 
And we have had certain issues where some of our orders had to be moved to some other market 
because obviously, at the 50%, the consumers or the customers are unable to take up at that cost. 
So definitely, such impacts are there. But then there are - equally, there are also other clients or 
customers who have accepted to absorb the 50% tariffs and they are willing to give additional 
orders, asking us to continue to ship as they need the product. And there are certain customers 
who have set programs with India specifically and with our company specifically. 
We continue - we are continuing with them. But definitely, there is kind of a disturbance in the 
overall planning of our customers, and it kind of - we believe it will — it's a short term and it 
will remain short term. And supposedly, the trade negotiations, which are there happening 
between India and U.S.A. and, positively, they come up with a resolution very soon, again, 
‘which has been -- also been emphasized 
by the Honorable Prime Minister also to our sector also. 
So we feel that very soon, it should get resolved. And positively, the 50% tariff doesnt impact 
the entire quarter of current fiscal year to answer your question. That's what we can keep our 
fingers crossed with regard to that. But definitely, there is an impact. There is — there are — it's 
akind of a disturbance because it is becoming a challenging issue for our customers also to work 
withus as such because this is definitely an added cost, and they are unable to push the products 
at the same ease like they would do in a normal case. 
I mean if it was not 50% hypothetically or even if it was 25%, if the additional 25% was not 
there and it was only 25%, there would not have been any change most likely. In fact, that's what 
our customers have been informing us that we would have been doing everything normally. We 
dont need to diversify to other producing nations or we dont need to cancel some of the orders. 
That's what they stated 
to us. Yes, so definitely, 
I would say the additional 25% definitely has 
been causing trouble, the penal 25%, whatever we want to call it as. So that impact is there, but... 
Actually, my intention is also the same to know about it because thanks to the diversification 
and the resilience, which we got into our business; hopefully, this will be a short-term scenario 
and come back, so hope the best for the company... 
We take the next question from the line of Sidharth Srikumar from ithought PMS. 
So in the first half, you have done almost INR46 crores of cash flow from operations, right? 
Yes. 
And in the last year, FY 25, you did almost INR50 crores. So how do you plan to -- do you have 
any plans to make the existing ready-to-cook facilities more into value-added with the cash? 
Page 13 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Moderator: 
Abhishek Singh: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Abhishek Singh: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Abhishek Singh: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
So far, we have been, of course, as you can see, we have been reducing our debt and keeping it 
very low. In fact, we are positive. Our subsequent quarters borrowing also will be coming down 
significantly as far as utilizing the positive cash flows are concerned. And also the utilization of 
the ready-to-cook - the old facility rather, which s exclusively meant for RTC. We would be 
focusing on doing certain customized products for certain markets. We are entering into certain 
new product categories for the certain markets. Unfortunately, we will not be able to reveal the 
product scope or the markets, I'm sorry, on this call. 
And we are going to utilize both our old and new facility, which is the smaller one and the bigger 
one for these products. And we look at — because those products are supposedly not just - which 
I think this answers partly to another participant's question earlier, which is also a value- 
enhanced product, which is not just — not on just revenue side, but also it going to give us 
better margins. So we are not just restricting the old facility. If — whenever we would use it 
again, we are using it now again. Last quarter, we didn't use it much because we wanted to 
consolidate the operation during that phase. 
So whenever we would be using the old facility, we are also doing — within the ready-to-cook, 
inthe RTC category itself, in the segment itself, we will be focusing on enhanced value products 
5o that even that it's - needing the RTE to just get higher value. We have other products which 
we are working with our customers, which we have already finalized. We have them in our order 
books. We have the required equipment, which is already being purchased. And even in the 
RTC, we are looking at growing our value even further in the RTC segment itself. 
We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Singh from S&S Capital. 
So sir, this is a follow-up from one of the previous con calls. And I think what we understood 
is, it takes around 45 days for us to completely process the order and get it delivered to U.S. So 
the question being, I think we might have... 
Tneed to correct you here. Did you say - I'm sorry, Ineed to correct you here. Did you say that 
it takes 45 days to deliver or 45 days to ship? 
I think it is 45 days to ship, is it? 
To ship, yes, cotrect. 30 to 45 days. Yes. To deliver, it takes almost 60 days from the time of 
shipment, yes. 
Okay. Okay. So the question coming is that 
I think for the upcoming peak season, which is Q3, 
for the festivities, we might have already closed on the bookings by now, right? So the question 
being, what kind of impact are you seeing compared to last year when we did not have all these 
— the tariff situations going on? 
Of course, like you rightly mentioned, most of our sales that are meant for utilization, the 
products meant for utilization during the holidays are already shipped. Most of the sales have 
already been done between Q2 and early part of Q3 whatever, we have already done that. And 
obviously, to negate the tariff-related issues, our company was focusing on diversifying to other 
Page 14 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Abhishek Singh: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Abhishek Singh: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Abhishek Singh: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
markets. That's how we increased our business, our sales to the non-U.S. markets in a significant 
manner, in a good way. That is something - that's how we are focusing on. 
And maybe we should have done it much earlier, but now this is something which if not late. 
But we all need to acknowledge the fact that U.S.A. will continue to be the largest market for 
our products in the highest value possible in a normal course. That will always be. So well, if 
you ask us whether these tariffs are impacting us, yes, which I - we did state earlier also to 
another participant. 
Now if the tariffs are not at this level, they are at reduced level or if no tariffs, definitely, the 
scope for growing in the U.S.A. itself 
is much higher because the potential is quite high there. 
It's not like it can be replaced somewhere, elsewhere. Yes, we can make efforts even let it be 
even domestically here and there. But still, that is the largest market in the world with regard to 
shrimp consumption. 
I mean the scope of - the portfolio of the products is very high when we 
compare even though China may be the biggest consumer in volume terms, but the products are 
baseline commodity. 
Theyare not - they don't have much scope of value addition when compared 
to U.S.A. example. 
So yes, we are currently that - this issue is there, that's why we are focusing on ofher markets 
5o that we don' entirely get affected because of this big hindrance from 1 market. So that which 
I think we have been answering the same thing earlier also. That's why these diversification 
plans and which we have already implemented and we have been quite successful. That's how 
we are trying to negate the headache or the problems or the troubles, which are coming up 
because of the tariffs. 
Got it. Got it. Got t. And sir, the second question is, I have not heard about, but do we have any 
ongoing issues in terms of like because shrimps are very much coherent to the diseases, so do 
we have anything ongoing recently? 
Nothing specifically, recently, which is different from what it has been there already. So it's not 
something specific or something new. Soas far as diseases that the farms are there, during certain 
times of the year when the climate is favorable for the disease, they kind of attack those farms. 
And after a period that just — after that period is done, it comes to normalcy. So that is — it's the 
usual. It's nothing unusual at this time. We didnt have any of the specific episodes that have 
actually impacted in a big way. 
Okay. And just a last question. So suppose -~ I mean, Iim talking about the best case scenario 
now. Suppose the trade talks, whatever have been happening, they go in line with what the 
company or the investors are expecting, so do we have a way with these suppliers based in U.S. 
for them to come back to us rather than whatever they have done so far within Q3... 
Obviously. 
As part of their diversification process? 
That will more impact Q4, to answer your question. Yes, if they come in Q3, obviously, that will 
impact the shipments of Q4, not within Q3, right? You get the point, yes. Because the - let us 
Page 15020

A 
APEX 
Moderator: 
Nithin Renjith: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
say, their plan for buying — if things are resolved within Q3, definitely, their plans for buying 
end of Q3 and early Q4, all that will get changed. Definitely, 
it will get changed. We are 
confident of that based on our discussions with our customers. Yes. 
We take the next question from the line of Nitin Renith from Frontline Access Capital. 
And I think you have touched upon this issue a few times in the call itself. But towards the end 
of your interaction with the last participant, I think, the management kind of told us that we are 
still viewing U.S. as one of our major markets. And that's just kind of -- that is kind of puzzling 
because Ecuador actually 
has favorable tari ffs when compared 
to us. And I'm sure that the Indian 
government andthe U.S. government would ultimately reach some consensus on removing these 
tariffs. 
But in the short term, how much feasible is -- how feasible is it for us to actually export into the 
U.S., given the arbitrage because just looking at the tariffs, which Ecuador enjoys, it's something 
like just 18 percentage as compared 
to what something like 50% that we actually pay. So in the 
short term, dont you think exports in the U.S. as such would have become kind of unviable? Im 
sure that... 
I guess you might have missed the point here is, the customers who are buying produce — the 
customers from USA who are buying the produce - products from India are bearing those tariffs. 
So as far as viability is concerned, it wouldnt be affecting — should not be affecting the Indian 
exporters with regard to tariffs as far as the viability is concerned. However, the quantum, the 
volumes definitely will have an impact of which we are — they would have an impact to a certain 
extent because not all customers in the USA are in a position to absorb these sort of tariffs of 
25%, plus 25%, example. 
But they are - obviously, whether it is - please understand whether it was 10% in April 
or 25% in August and, subsequently, another 25%, making it total 50% from 10% to 25%, then 
again, from 25%, they added another 25% and made it 50%. So whoever have been buying, they 
are absorbing those tariffs. So it's more about our volumes maintaining growing or continuing 
o reducing. That is the only point, which we would have with regard to USA market. But 
definitely, viability-wise also, as we stated to an earlier participant, the prices have remained 
firm and stable. 
They have not softened or anything at the customer level. With the 50% tariff also, the prices 
remained stable. It is not like 50% has come into play and our general - without the tariffs, our 
sales prices have come down. No, that situation was not there. So that way - that is one of the 
reasons, which we I think 
we explained in our opening remarks also that the margins remained 
good, mainly on account of these 3 factors. One was the exchange rate fluctuation and farm gate 
prices, but our realization in dollar terms also was good. It was high. 
It was — it maintained very — it was very stable. So right now because of the demand within the 
U.S. or whatever certain other issues from other origins, whatever it may be, the reason, but our 
prices remained quite stable there. So we don' really have an issue as far as viability is concerned 
while doing business with USA. The whole point comes to whether we are able to do more and 
Page 16 of 20

A 
APEX 
Nithin Renjith: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Nithin Renjith: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
more volumes than what we would have done if it was not 50% tariff. Maybe that's how -- that 
is where the situation is currently. 
So you dontt see our marquee customers in the U.S. moving towards suppliers potentially from 
the Ecuador, which has favorable terms? 
Yes, no, no. We did not say - I did tell you -- I think we answered that, that some customers 
have moved their buying — diversified their buying from us to some other origins. It did happen 
because 50% - but your question was talking -- your earlier question was about viability. And 
in such a case, the cost of the company did not increase because of the tariffs; however, the 
volumes -- our sales, definitely, we could have - we would have -- we definitely have lost some 
of our volumes. 
We should have — we could have done even more if we had not had some cancellations or if 
some of our new future orders, which were supposed 
to come to us did not come to us and they 
have moved to other origins. That was one of the reasons — I mean, not the only reason, but 
because we have started our diversification 
much ealier even before these tariffs actually kicked 
in, in April 2025, but we have diversified even further, and now we are growing our business 
into other markets. 
So - but to say that USA will no longer be viable or it will not be a feasible market to do 
business, not right. Because even today, there are customers who are continuing to buy, who are 
willing to buy from us by bearing those tariffs. So I'm not saying the entire st of customers in 
the USA are willing to do that. But we do have a good chunk of customers, who are - some of 
our customers, both in the retail as well as the food service companies, food service customers 
are continuing to buy from us with those tariffs. 
Yes, they would have reduced to a certain extent or they are buying on required basis rather than 
- or bringing down their inventory days what instead of -- because they are also waiting eagerly 
ifthe trade deal can happen, if India can do something or if the duties or tariffs could 
be reduced, 
they are also waiting eagerly. So that is there. So it's a — USA is not a negative market for us, 
for our industry in general or our company. 
Got it. And one more thing, T mean, just to add on this. So how are these contracts actually - 
are these like long-term arrangements that we have with some of these players or assurance or 
should I say... 
There are both. There are short term, medium term as well as long term. But long term is not 
beyond 10 months, 12 months. There's very limited customers, which we deal with, where 
certain customers where we have such contracts, but most of them are short and medium term, 
like to answer your question, which is 3 to 4 months at the most max usually. But the ones, 
which are at 10 months, 12 months and all that, very limited. And there are specific customers 
who need their programs, which they have been working with us for many years, and we 
continue to do such contracts. 
And even in such contracts, please understand all our contracts post tariffs have been revised 
accommodating these tariffs. So just because we have had a 6-month contract and suddenly 
Page 17 of 20

A 
APEX 
Nithin Renjith: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Nithin Renjith: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Nithin Renjith: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Nithin Renjith: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Moderator: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
because this change on tariffs was not specific to our product or our country alone, right? It 
happened everywhere. 
And when the customers needed these products from us, they have amended their contracts 
accordingly. And tomorrow, when these tariffs will be removed, then we will again be going 
back to our contracted price. So wWe are — that is a very clear understanding between the 
customers and us on that part. 
Fair enough. And ifI could just squeeze in one more question and this is regarding, I think, you 
had signed up - envisioned something like 2,500 tonnes of ready-to-eat exports into Europe. So 
how is this going to pan out? Is this going to be some kind of a white label thing by which we 
supply? Or are we going to actually brand our products and have a standalone product? 
No, we are not going to brand our product. It will be in customers' brands only. We have our 
customers who are currently sourcing those products from other origins. While they have been 
sourcing the RTC products from us, now ready-to-cat products, they have been sourcing from 
other origins, and they have started after they understood that - they got the confirmation that 
we are done with all these procedural part and approvals have been done, they have started. 
And as I think we have mentioned specifically to an earlier participant that we would see a bigger 
impact of the RTE more into next year, next fiscal year because in April, May is the time when 
they will be locking in most of those contracts even for me because as we alsostated 
to a different 
participant that the -~ most of the buying almost till the end of this current calendar year is pretty 
much done. 
And whatever is required for the next 2, 3 months in Jan, Feb, March is mostly the residues post 
holidays. And so we are looking forward for a good buying even for RTE from the European 
Union market for — in the calendar year 2026, for sure. And that will definitely have a big ~ a 
good impact, let us say, for our company for FY 27 for sure, for the full year. 
Okay. I know its early times to make how much of a margin eccentric — how much of impact 
this RTE business is going to have on the margins, but all the best. 
T'm sorry, Idid not get your question. 
So in terms of ready-to-eat white label sales to the European Union, I know that these are earlier 
times. But what sort of margin impact -- margin eccentric impact can we actually envision going 
forward because of this... 
Imean, typically, generally, on an average, all RTE products margins will be hovering around - 
- roughly around $0.50 plus or minus per kilo. 
Sorry, could you please repeat that once more? 
$0.50 per kilo, I said roughly. 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we take the last question from the line of Chintan 
Mehta from Lloyds LLP. 
Page 18 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Chintan Mehta: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Chintan Mehta: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
Congratulations, si, for the good set of numbers. Extremely happy with the kind of numbers 
and the management efforts. Sir, 
I mean, listening to the whole con call and the things you had 
been -- there's a definite fact that we lost some of the clients in U.S., but you - the team pivoted, 
the management pivoted and got to the other geographies. But I'm a bit confused out here is that 
and I want to understand that, okay, we have lost volumes in U.S. and you try to made up in 
different geographies. 
Iwant to understand when we shift this volume to different geographics, are we seeing that those 
volumes would be more permanent in nature? Or it's kind of a one-off that you are seeing the 
shift and we just diverted our shipments. So once the volumes come back to U.S., those volumes 
still remain intact and the U.S. will regain the lost volumes, and that would actually add to the 
volumes. So — or are there any possibilities that the new relationships are being explored in that 
different markets, we see a more double growth over time? And I'm trying to understand the 
overall picture. Is it possible for you to explain that? 
Yes. First thing, the relationships, which are new relationships or new markets, which we are 
diversifying into or the new business, which we are trying to grow is not temporary and is not 
purely only because there is a temporary problem or there's likely to be a temporary problem in 
the U.S. because of these tariffs, no. These markets, these relationships and those sales will 
continue to grow. And of course, it depends on that market potential and those customers, 
obviously, but it is more on a permanent basis to answer your first question. 
And when — hypothetically, whenever the tariff reduction or tariff removal, whatever cither of 
those happens and as our volumes grow even with the U.S. market, we'll be gaining back our 
volumes also for sure. There's no doubt about that, which has been clearly stated by our 
customers nuiltiple times. Because of this additional 25% — the second 25%, it's becoming really 
a problem for them to absorb. Definitely, we'l be gaining back the volume. 
And obviously, this will be more in a win-win situation for the company as such with regaining 
the volume from the U.S. market as well as the newly achieved volume — sales volume, which 
out of these new markets, definitely, itis in the help — in the interest of the company, and it will 
be — it's only in the good - for the betterment of the future of the company, for sure, and it 
should be long term, long-standing. So it's not — nothing — none of this diversification is 
temporary to state -- to answer your question very simply. It's on a permanent basis. 
Excellent. That quite sums up a lot. So 
I mean, somewhere in the con call, you have mentioned 
that the clients lost have - they have diverted 
the volumes from — different originating countries. 
So when the U.S. comes back or if the situation gets normal from - around tariff and so you 
mean to say that those lost volume, they will discontinue with their temporary originator? 
I mean, 
how the things works out? 
I'm trying to understand that when we have lost a certain kind of a relationship due to tariff and 
they might have found that volume from a different player. So when the tariff gets normalized, 
so they will discontinue with that part of the market. 
I mean I'm trying to understand that 
wouldnt that be a challenge again 
to reinitiate that particular volumes lost? 
Page 19 0f 20

A 
APEX 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Moderator: 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Moderator: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
Well, the only reason why our volumes currently, if any, lost, if any, being reduced with any 
customers are purely based on the tariffs, additional cost, which obviously — those other origins 
necessarily do not cost them that nuch. But however, the delivery point and consistent supply, 
which is possible from India, from our company, India, in general, definitely, customers are 
looking forward to take — come back again to India and absorb that their requirements, future 
needs, obviously. They are not — it's not like they'e going to cancel today's contracts, which 
they have. 
Yes, which they did in our case, maybe it's premature for me to state today that they will be 
canceling their contracts and awarding that to us. Currently, we know they have had a lot of 
delays also. In fact, some of them have been taking some additional volume, which was not 
planned with this 50% tariff. They are also taking some additional volume from us, even 
canceling from the other origins because there, they have also - they are having a lot of delays 
from their side. So because they need the product. 
So in spite of, I mean, getting their customers’ end customers' confirmation, they are actually 
taking — getting end customers' confirmation on bearing the additional cost, they are taking the 
volume from us also, additional volume. I's not significant, but it is there. So getting back the 
volume if the tariffs are removed or reduced is not going to be a big problem for us from the 
U.S. market. 
I mean as India also, it will not be a problem and for the company also, it not 
going to be aproblem. That's how we sce t. 
Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we conclude the question-and-answer session. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Chowdary, Karuturi for his closing comments. 
Yes. Thank you, one and all, for making it to our investor call of Q2 FY 26. For any further 
queries or clarifications, you can always reach out to our company on the email address, 
ir@apex frozenfoods.com. And you can - you always —we also have Stellar IR Advisors as our 
Investor Relations, they can clarify any information, any queries or doubts you have. Thank you 
very much. Havea good day. Thank you. 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Apex Frozen Foods Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 20 of 20
