SASTASUNDAR VENTURES LIMITED 
Azimganj House, 2nd Floor, 
7 Abanindra Nath Thakur Sarani (Formerly Camac Street), 
Kolkata – 700017, India. Tel: +91 33 2282 9330; Fax: +91 33 2282 9335 
Email: info@sastasundar.com; Website: www.sastasundarventures.com 
CIN: L65993WB1989PLC047002 
 
Date: 24-11-2025 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Conference Call 
 
Ref: Our letter dated 10.11.2025 for intimation of the schedule of the Earnings Conference call for Q2 
& H1 FY’26. 
 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated November 10, 2025 intimating that a conference call was 
scheduled to be held on November 17, 2025 at 4.00 PM IST to discuss the Q2 & H1 FY’26 Earnings of the 
Company. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith a copy of the transcript of the said call with the Investors. 
 
Please also find herein below the link of the transcript of the said call that has been uploaded on the 
website of the Company. 
 
https://www.sastasundarventures.com/Pdf/SVL_Q2andH1_FY26__Earnings_Call_Transcript.pdf 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Sastasundar Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
Pratap Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Manager - Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: SASTASUNDR 
The Corporate Services Department, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533259 
PRATAP 
SINGH
Digitally signed by PRATAP SINGH 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=5cd9314a5e8d4e31817bd9a68d59be01, 
2.5.4.20=bc2f860d7a019b127829bbeaf19e4122925f0c7
776bc3c5a9bc406021190f14d, postalCode=711204, 
st=West Bengal, 
serialNumber=6a38acf8d61293d955d818b2d95dba95f
63a20725f3d90094dec69f93829ad46, cn=PRATAP 
SINGH 
Date: 2025.11.24 15:21:22 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“SastaSundar Ventures Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BANWARI LAL MITTAL – FOUNDER AND 
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – SASTASUNDAR VENTURES 
LIMITED 
MR. LOKESH AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– SASTASUNDAR VENTURES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PRACHI AMBRE – MUFG INTIME INVESTOR 
RELATIONS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sastasundar Ventures Limited Q2 and H1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in listen only more 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Now I hand over the call to Ms. Prachi Ambre, MUFG Intime from Investor Relations team. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Prachi Ambre: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Sastasundar Ventures Limited. Today on the call, we have Mr. Banwari Lal Mittal, Founder and 
Executive Chairman; and Mr. Lokesh Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer, to provide insights on 
the operational and financial performance. 
 
Before we begin the call, I would like to give a short disclaimer. This call may contain some of 
the forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon our beliefs and expectations 
as of today. The statements are not a guarantee of our future performance and involve unforeseen 
risks and uncertainties. 
 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Mittal sir for his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. Thank you. 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Sastasundar Ventures Limited, I am Mr. 
B.L. Mittal, along with our CFO, Mr. Lokesh Agarwal and Company Secretary Mr. Pratap Singh  
extend a warm welcome to all participants on our quarter 2 and half year ended financial year 
'26 financial results discussion call. 
 
I hope you all have had an opportunity to review our financial results and our investor 
presentation, both of which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges and website of the 
company. We began quarter 2 financial year '26 with positive progress. Our revenue from 
operations stood in this quarter at INR307.9 crores, up 16.9% year-on-year and 10.6% quarter-
on-quarter, reflecting our disciplined execution and steady momentum. 
 
Gross profit was INR22.9 crores, up 34.2% year-on-year and 9.8% quarter-on-quarter. Our gross 
profit margin expanded by 100 basis points to 7.5% this quarter as compared to 6.5% in quarter 
2 financial year '25. We continue to advance our mission of building a profitable, scalable and 
sustainable health care distribution platform across B2B and B2C, anchored in capital efficiency, 
automation and targeted geographic expansion. 
 
Both RetailerShakti and Sastasundar B2C remain our core growth engines, delivering Q2 
revenue in RetailerShakti INR267.8 crores and in Sastasundar, INR39.4 crores, respectively. 
This reflects year-on-year growth of approximately 13% in RetailerShakti and around 60% in 
B2C, backed by disciplined vendor sourcing, streamlined procurement and automated fulfilment 
operations. 
 
The strengthened mix is enhancing order density and repeat engagement, supporting a durable 
scale-up across our platform. We are preparing for profitable growth. RetailerShakti is expected 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
to be breakeven at EBITDA level in March '26 quarter and 1% EBITDA positive for next full 
year. While Sastasundar is expected to have contribution margin positive next year, that is 
covering of our entire cost, except tech cost and fixed cost, corporate cost and advertisement 
expenses. 
 
We plan to invest in Sastasundar B2C AI tech development less than our treasury income. So 
next year, we should be PAT positive company, considering EBITDA margin, positive margin 
from RetailerShakti and considering contribution positive margin from Sastasundar, considering 
treasury income directed by all our fixed costs, all our depreciation, we should be a PAT positive 
company. 
 
Our purpose is to build a great leading enterprise that uses innovation, empathy and technology 
to make health care affordable for every income group, accessible to every town and village and 
personalized for every individual's unique health needs. We have two unique platforms, 1 for 
B2C, that is Sastasundar app and 1 for B2B, that is RetailerShakti. 
 
We are among the very few companies capable of creating a scalable, sustainable and purpose-
driven platform business with high efficient capital utilization. Just for giving you the purpose 
of capital utilization, some data for our health care platform business in our material subsidiary, 
Sastasundar Healthbuddy Limited till date, we raised total capital of INR322 crores that includes 
capital contribution by our company, Sastasundar Venture Limited, out of which we have 
returned the sum in the form of buyback of INR100 crores to Mitsubishi Corporation. 
 
Therefore, net capital raise is INR222 crores. The free treasury in the same Sastasundar 
Healthbuddy Limited is INR445 crores apart from business assets. So, the net treasury is almost 
double to the capital raise and the business is separately running very well. This clearly 
demonstrates our efficiency in capital utilization. The total treasury in Sastasundar Healthbuddy 
Limited is INR445 crores and other fellow subsidiary companies is INR120 crores, totaling to 
INR565 crores. This is apart from INR100 crores given for buyback. 
 
So, we are fully capitalized, fully capital-based company to fund our growth. Our business model 
is highly efficient, enabling strong operating leverages, robust cash flow generation and potential 
return on capital employed at 50% to 60% as scale over the next 4, 5 years. This is an opportunity 
to build impactful business with innovation, which drive both purpose and profitability. This 
quarter, we worked in a very focused agenda. 
 
I'll relate those agenda. First agenda was to simplify corporate structure. We have completed 
buyback of part holding of Mitsubishi Corporation now for holding in Sastasundar Healthbuddy 
Limited has increased from 72.14% to 78.89%. This will facilitate the scheme for merger and 
demerger with holding company, and we are preparing to present the scheme to our Board for 
consideration in the -- at the financial year end 31st March 2026. 
 
Second agenda is to accelerate growth. We have given the growth map in our presentation, and 
that covers our planning to prepare for growth, including building high-tech stack, fulfillment 
capacity, AI tools for our customers, product expansion, category expansion and market 
expansion. So we have took out the growth plan in all four corners of the work.  

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Very interesting third point is the launch of JITO brand. We have successfully launched our 
brand JITO, to give our customers choice to choose the alternative brand to save cost up to 60% 
and getting encouraging response. JITO will be further strengthened by our own private label 
JITO brand. This, on one hand, will save cost of customers and on the other hand, will expand 
our own margin. 
 
Fourth is automation. We are in the process to implement automation at our FC and logistics, 
and this will expand our fulfillment capacity by double and reduce our cost. Fifth is very 
important Sastasundar Health & Happiness Podcast, we launched our YouTube channel 
Sastasundar Health & Happiness Podcast to give honest information about health. This has 
attracted good interest from reputed doctors, and they are now participating. 
 
We have started getting revenues by building partnership with our pharmaceutical companies. 
We are working on unique offering for Quick Health with doctor consultation to Quick 
Diagnostic to Quick  delivery of medicine. Our network of Healthbuddies and pharmacy of 
RetailerShakti, it will be very helpful in local support system. This will include the AI tools of 
counseling and data-driven analysis. 
 
We have this unique opportunity before us to reach 140 crore Indians to provide them healthcare 
solutions with the motto of Shatayu Bhava, 100 Years Healthy Living, using Technology and 
Seva Bhav with empathy. 
 
Thank you for your continued support. With this, I conclude my remarks and open the floor for 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mr. Vivek Gupta from Star Investments. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Sir, at the segment level, when do you expect RetailerShakti, which is B2B and Sastasundar that 
is B2C to turn the EBITDA positive on a sustainable basis? And also, what key operational or 
scale milestones in each segment will be the main triggers for the profitability? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
For RetailerShakti, we are already running at a breakeven, and this breakeven will further be 
strengthened by next quarter. So next quarter, it will be EBITDA positive RetailerShakti 
segment-wise. And next year, we should be generating 1% EBITDA at RetailerShakti. And so 
this is what about RetailerShakti. 
 
Sastasundar we will be the margin positive company next year. Margin, I mean, contribution 
margin that covers all our variable cost. And we will continue to invest in Sastasundar for 2, 3 
years. So we can say in the year '28, '29 financial year, we should be EBITDA positive in 
Sastasundar. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Okay, sir. I have a follow-up on this. So the B2C segment has delivered around 60% year-
on-year growth in the quarter 2. Could you break down this growth between new customer 
acquisitions, increase in order frequency and also the improvement in ticket size? And also, sir, 
how should we think about this sustainability of this particular growth trajectory over the next 4 
to 6 quarters? 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So Sastasundar, as you are aware, it was our old brand. So I won't -- I am not very much happy 
with the growth because this was already our customers just switched on to the new customers. 
So the growth will continue because once we -- when we handed over to Flipkart, the revenue 
per year was around INR500 crores in Sastasundar App. So that same customer base will come 
very soon. And I hope to achieve this INR500 crores in next 18 months' time. 
 
So which should be same as we hand over to Flipkart in 18 months' time. So this growth will 
continue because all those customers exist, they just need to come back. But since B2C customer 
takes some amount of time before coming to the new app, their time is taking. But this is a great 
story, and we hope to have INR500 crore annual run rate in Sastasundar in next 18 months. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Sir, what is the revenue potential from existing warehouses? Like what is your 
internal outlook or aspiration for revenue growth and gross margin expansion over FY '26 and 
FY '27? And like is there any broad guidance range? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So as you must appreciate that we are in a platform business, whereby quarter-to-quarter 
guidance or year-to-year guidance will be very difficult. And this is a very highly scalable model. 
But as I have given the guidance for '29 to '30 year's, so I mean, I won't say guidance, but for 
the figure for which we are working for is INR2,930 crores. And INR2,930 crores we are 
working for a revenue of INR6,000 crores, INR4,000 to RetailerShakti and around INR2,000 in 
B2C Sastasundar. And this would generate around 4% to 5% EBITDA in the year, '29, '30. So 
this is what we are building for next 5 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vilina Jain from Perpetuity Ventures. 
Vilina Jain: 
So sir, can you elaborate on the RetailerShakti growth? Like what's our outlook there? Where 
do we see this growing for the next 2, 3 years? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
No, next 2, 3 years, it will grow very -- in a very good speed. So by 2030, if we are planning to 
reach by around INR4,000 crore revenue company. So next 2, 3 years, we must be growing by 
more than 30% compounding. But this is in a making stage. We are in a start-up company. So 
you must appreciate that some quarter-to-quarter or year-by-year, the growth may reset. 
 
But 2 things are very, very important that we will grow profitably and we will grow rapidly. So 
we have planned from all corners as we have given the complete map of our growth exploration 
program in our presentation. So if you read that, we have given the point by point about our 
preparation. And we are very excited about to build this company. And I'm sure this will again 
be a record-setting company that with  least capital, we have made a company of a large size. 
Vilina Jain: 
Absolutely, sir. Sir, in terms of profitability, you mentioned that we are already at breakeven in 
RetailerShakti and next -- like Q4 would be 1% margin. Is my understanding right, sir? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Q4 will be almost breakeven. We are working still. But next year -- next full year, that is financial 
year '25, '26, we'll be 1% EBITDA positive margin company for RetailerShakti. 
Vilina Jain: 
Okay, sir. Okay. And sir, currently, how many retailers do we have? 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
We have more than 40,000 retailers in RetailerShakti. 
Vilina Jain: 
And how do we see this number growing from here? Like what is our target addition per month 
for retailers? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So month by month, it's very difficult for us to give. But as we grow by 30%, 40%, so it should 
be by 30%, 40%. So we can say that right now, say, we have 40,000 retailers. So next year, we 
must be adding around 15,000 more retailers. So by next year end, we should be having 55,000 
retailers. 
Vilina Jain: 
And for the next 2, 3 years, we can expect 15,000 addition for the RetailerShakti business? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Sure. There's no doubt about it. 
Vilina Jain: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, on the working capital bit. So in the last 2 quarters, we have been able to 
maintain good working capital as a percentage of sales of around 5%, 6%. So is this a sustainable 
number? What is your view on this? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
See, we are a platform company. So if you ask me what is my personal ambition. So technically 
and fundamentally, this should be a negative working capital company, why there should be a 
working capital in a platform company. So these are purely sustainable, and we will continue to 
work to further reduce. So it will be sustainable. 
Vilina Jain: 
So sir, next year also, this will be like around 6% only then, next 2 years? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Yes, yes. It should be around 6%. But again, I would state that we are in a building stage. So 
suppose we own new warehouse starts in Udaipur, new warehouse starts in Lucknow. So I mean, 
if you look at this company for next 5 years, next 5 years, we will be around 20 days' time and 
maybe less than that. But year-by-year or quarter-to-quarter or some date, some adjustment may 
happen because we are -- you must appreciate the fact that we are building a very, very large 
company with very limited resources in terms of capital. 
 
And with that challenge, there may be some adjustment somewhere. So if you are looking at our 
company and going as an investor with us, then be mindful of the fact that there may be some 
adjustment at some point of time, and you please keep those factors in to mind that this is a great 
journey with a great ambition. And so the -- if you are a core traveller, a little bit hiccups maybe 
here and there, we are a very start-up company. So, with that mind, I would be very happy if you 
go with us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek from Perpetuity. 
Abhishek: 
My question first is around Sastasundar. You said you are not happy with the scale because you 
wanted to get back to that INR500 crore number ASAP. If we look at this quarter, you kind of 
hit like a INR40 crore kind of a number for the quarter. So you're already at INR160 crores. So 
when you are saying in 18 months, you will reach that INR500 crore kind of a number, is it the 
fourth quarter of FY '27, you hit the INR125 crore number? Or on a full year basis, you think in 
FY '25 will be -- I mean, in FY '27, you would be able to do INR500-odd crores? 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
No, I'm targeting the last quarter of next year. So in '26 last quarter, we should be able to close 
INR100 crores turnover from Sastasundar... 
Abhishek: 
Fourth quarter FY '27, you mean, right? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Because these customers already exist, Mr. Abhishek. It's just the time that we bring them on 
the app and B2C customers have their face to come back. But those should come back. I mean, 
I'm looking forward to welcome them again. They had an experience of Sastasundar and they 
had our delivery system, they had faith in our brand. So we should be same by -- in next 18 
months, we should be same at the time we hand it over to Flipkart. That is what it should be. 
Abhishek: 
And sir, what is the current number of health buddies like this current scale, we are how many 
health buddies, 200, 300 at this point of time? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Current health buddies are at 260. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. So for 260, we have hit that INR40 crores kind of a run rate on a quarterly basis. And 
what's the number you have in mind for getting to that INR100 crore plus run rate on a quarterly 
basis? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So another 100, we will add so 360. 
Abhishek: 
So 260 health buddies, another 100 added in the next -- 18 months? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
No that is -- continuous basis, I think it's going on. So if we say the target of next 18 months 
from here, so by March 2026, we should be having 360 health buddies. 
Abhishek: 
360-odd health buddies. And so technically, you're talking about INR1 crore odd kind of a sale 
per HealthBuddy, right, to hit that INR400 crores kind of a number? Is that the fair assumption? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Yes, INR1 crore per HealthBuddy per year. You are right. 
Abhishek: 
That's the kind of number you can possibly hit with the -- with your current franchise. 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Yes.  
Abhishek: 
Sir, on RetailerShakti, it's been a phenomenal growth for us, almost like INR270-odd crores per 
month, which is like INR90-odd crore number in the last -- from virtually like INR10-odd crores 
18-odd months back. So this exponential journey, from what we understand currently is largely 
in the Eastern part of India, right? 
 
It's like 80%, 85% would be the West Bengal and East and to some extent, from your NCR 
region. So when you are looking at your journey over the next 3 years or say, FY '30, we're 
talking about a INR4,000-odd crore number in RetailerShakti, what is the kind of geographical 
split you would have in mind? And at that point of time, how much would West Bengal in your 
view be of this INR4,000-odd crores? 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So if we target from Kolkata, Baruipur, West Bengal warehouse, we are going to Orissa, Bihar. 
So those are the geography. Jharkhand, we are doing already something. We'll further expand. 
And then Chattisgarh, we are going from Kolkata warehouse. Kolkata warehouse, we will build 
2 warehouse for our strategic location, 1 in Lucknow and 1 in Udaipur. 
 
So from 3 warehouses, we will cover the entire Northern India. That is West Rajasthan, West 
UP from Lucknow. And then from Noida, this Rajasthan area, Jaipur site, entire Haryana, 
Uttarakhand. So these all the northern states will be covered by, and this will be covered from 
Kolkata. So another 2 warehouses we're building, 1 in Lucknow and 1 in Udaipur. Noida 
warehouse, we are doubling our capacity in terms of both building new warehouse and 
automation. 
 
Baruipur, we have already implemented the automations of capacity is double. It should be triple 
in next 3 months' time. So that is what the preparation is. And it is very -- now we are in the 
platform business. This year, we were a bit slow for 2, 3 reasons. 1 was obviously automation. 
We wanted to do automation. And then second was to set up a profitable model. So you see the 
RetailerShakti margin expansion in gross margin and then you will see in the next quarter also. 
 
So now the trajectory is for profitable growth. It's not a cash burning  growth and grow in a very 
high speed, and we are fully prepared from every angle, from take a stake to building fulfillment 
center to building team and to building our customer base and most important to provide a strong 
competitive value proposition to the customers. So that is what we are doing. And both our 
products sastasundar  app and RetailerShakti have been accepted by the customers. So those are 
proven model. There's nothing new. 
 
And I must also tell all investors that at the time of giving the Flipkart, the Sastasundar app was 
valued at around INR1,100 crores. And from 18 months now, we expect it to be the same 
company. So we have created the same kind of value by investing INR150 crores. That is the 
power of digital asset. And this Sastasundar podcast, I also informed to the investors has been 
remarkably successful. And I'm also happy to inform you that it's already generating revenue. 
 
So these are the digital assets that once they generate revenue from every angle, then money 
flows inside like anything. So this is an innovation which completely cares of the complete 
ecosystem from B2B to B2C to the customer engagement, to the doctor's engagement, to the 
health data and the AI application. 
 
So all these bigger companies, Google, Microsoft or for that matter, AI ChatGPT, they all are 
coming with a fantastic backroom AI stronghold technology, and we are the distributor. So we 
are not only the distributor of medicine and health care products, but we will be the distribution 
of AI product also. 
 
So our job is to utilize this backbone of the bigger companies and to reach out to the millions of 
the Indian customers, who want to use their AI in their own life from where they stand today. 
So our job is to provide them that unique Indianized version of that, as I already mentioned that 
2 motto and Shatayu Bhava, 100 years healthy living. 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
And I would request all of you to watch our Sastasundar Health & Happiness Podcast. We have 
recently started a 2-minutes video on daily basis that how 100 years life is possible. With a good 
and that internally, we are targeting that everything we do is with technology and Seva Bhav. 
 
Seva Bhav stands for empathy. So that is a very unique model of Health Buddy and 
RetailerShakti partnering with retailers that's while we provide the technology-based services on 
a platform, at last level, we have the empathy that Seva bhav that humbles us. So it's a very 
unique opportunity for all of us to implement this model on ground so that we can change the 
life of 140 crores Indians for good. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swara Bhanushali from RDKL Investment 
Swara Bhanushali: 
Actually, I have a question regarding on the retailer app that is currently under testing. Could 
you please elaborate on the rollout plan in terms of timing and phasing across key markets, the 
extent of inventory days reduction and you are targeting the pharmacy level, right? And how 
you expect this to translate into higher wallet share retention and order stickiness from your 
partner pharmacies? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Yes. That is a very interesting product our tech team is building. So we have already given them 
app to connect with our inventory to the retailers. Now the problem of retailers is utilization of 
that technology at their own level. So if you notice that the small pharmacies note down in a 
physical diary, what are the orders they need to take. So we are developing that app that will 
automate the reorder process and that will be connected with RetailerShakti.  
 
So once they note down those requirements into their app instead of their local physical diary, 
the order will be placed in automatically in RetailerShakti. And that localized app for retailers 
will enable them to manage their inventory very scientifically and very efficiently. 
 
So we expect rollout in the next 6 months' time. So in April 2026, we start to roll out in a beta 
phase and then another 2 months' time to stabilize. So say, May, June, it should be fully 
integrated with Retailers Shakti to make the order process very smooth and automated from the 
retail pharmacy. 
Swara Bhanushali: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, since you do not intend to pursue your cash burn or a credit-heavy growth 
model and will scale largely without incremental capital allocation over the next 2 to 3 years, 
what is the expected annual capex requirement on technological AI, warehouse automation and 
satellite locations? And do you foresee all this being comfortably funded through internal 
accruals? Or is there any scenario where you would consider raising external capital? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
No, we don't plan any external capital. As I mentioned in my opening remarks that we have a 
treasury of around INR400 crores. So around INR40 crores, INR50 crores must be the treasury 
income. That is what we planned in our technology expansion and/or warehouse expansion. So 
as I already explained that from next year, after deducting all our expenses on technology, 
advertisement and building system on the app, still we should be the PAT positive company 
because our treasury income will take care of that. So that is how we have structured, and I don't 
find any need for capital for at least next 5 years. 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Dhiraj Shah from RJ Investment. 
Dhiraj Shah: 
I just have a couple of questions. So firstly, with the operations currently, as you can see, 
concentrated in East and North of India and penetration is still relatively low in key states such 
as West Bengal and perhaps Uttar Pradesh. So, could you maybe elaborate on your road map for 
strengthening presence in these -- in these existing markets? and maybe share the time line and 
strategy for entering into West and South India? That would be helpful. 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So Western and South India, we are not hurried. As Western and South India, we don't have any 
strategy right now. We are not looking to those markets for the next 3 years. Right now, we will 
focus on Eastern part of the state, West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Northeastern 
seven states. And from North -- from Delhi, NCR, we will cover fully. Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh 
Haryana, Jharkhand. So, these are the states we will focus on. 
 
And we have tested the model in some part of the geographies of these 15, 20 states. And this 
covers almost 50% market of the India. And once we build a company very systematically, then 
we need to focus on a particular geography. So, we take this example. And from West, we will 
go very strategically, right? We are building a warehouse in Udaipur. So, from Udaipur, we will 
enter into Ahmedabad silently and build some business. See there how marketing fits. And then 
from Ahmedabad, we move to interior of the Gujarat. 
 
So that is how our strategy is going bit by bit rather than going in a stock manner. We don't 
believe that anything should be say, hard for logistics framework on ground where anything 
unnecessarily hurriedly we will make for capital one more and more that for that, we are not fit 
for the growth required for case one. So, this is how we have strategized. But I'm pretty sure that 
the growth we have planned in these states are more than enough to build a very large company 
with a profitable growth. 
Dhiraj Shah: 
Understood, sir. Understood. And sir, on a different note, as you broaden your assortment 
beyond medicines and basic wellness, you're also going into personal care, beauty, surgical 
products, nutritions and nutraceuticals, pet care and private labels as well, JITO generics and 
OTC lines. 
 
So what is maybe the current revenue and profit contribution of these newer categories? And 
how do the margin profile are compared with the core portfolio? And maybe if you could shed 
some light on category mix and how the margins would be uplifting? Like how would you target 
that for next 3 to 5 years? If you could shed some light on that? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Yes, definitely. So we have done a very deep study. So if you notice that why we selected these 
categories, then the common thing you must have noticed that these are like medicine only, very 
light weighted because our logistics is safe for lightweight category. So we don't handle the 
heavyweight category. That is number one. 
 
And number 2, the packaging of personal care, beauty care are like medicine only in a very light 
care. And the third part is that we want to utilize our strong logistic capabilities, warehousing 
capabilities and our tech capabilities to distribute the product which are in the nature of -- which 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
are like the medicine only. And since we already have the customer base, large customer base, 
so we can utilize the same network, same technology, same or warehouse capacities. 
 
And the margins are also very good in these categories. And since our retention margin is very 
high because our fixed cost remains same, we will utilize for same warehouse, same logistics, 
same technology. There is no additional cost for backup arrangement. We just need to buy and 
sell the product. And we are very particular choosy about this and branding very choosy. 
 
So I mean like JITO, we have branded separately on the app so that customers don't confuse. In 
the Beauty Care segment and Personal Care segment, we are launching a separate channel in 
Sastasundar app called Mobat [Mohbbat]. It's a love for beauty concept. So it will be a separate 
channel to engage the customers so that they don't confuse with pharmaceutical product. And 
then this will be very gross margin increasing product for our company because other costs 
remain same. There's no cost incremental for technology. There is no cost incremental for 
logistics, no cost incremental for warehouse. 
 
And we are also planning to offer a very unique solution to the companies in these categories to 
provide them software as a service or warehouse as a service. So that is another area that suppose 
there is a company, which is dealing in beauty care. We can provide them the entire distribution 
system, utilizing our software capabilities for RetailerShakti, utilizing our logistics and 
warehouses. 
 
And that model, even the inventory will be taken care of by them. We don't need to invest in 
inventory. And these are purely a service angle, which we rent out our capacity building to the 
similar kind of companies, which are facing challenges of distribution. India is a country which 
is facing a strong challenge in building distribution capabilities. And these companies in the 
category of personal care, beauty care, surgical care are facing the same challenges. 
 
And we are a company, which can provide them an integrated solution at one place and can -- 
that supply chain will be data-driven. We can provide them the last mile data very efficiently 
and can give them a very good value for service as a customer, as a service provider. So these 
are different models, which we have the leverage capacity in our platform business, and we are 
very hopeful to build a very large company out of these utilities. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ms. Priti Agrwal from SK Associates. 
Priti Agrwal: 
I would like to know that on the technology and AI front, could you walk us through a few 
concrete use cases where AI and automation are already being developed or will be developed 
soon? And what kind of measurable impact on service levels or cost levels and margin 
improvements you expect from these initiatives over the next couple of years? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Very good question. I like -- we debate this in our company at a large extent. I must appreciate 
that you have asked a very relevant question that everybody talks about AI, everybody talks 
about development of AI. But at the end of the day, what is the use case? So first, the use case 
in our I will walk through that how we think and how we plan it out. The first use case is reducing 
the cost in automation part. So as I said earlier that our warehouse, say, in West Bengal 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
warehouse, with a very little investment, we have been able to make the capacity by 3x without 
employing further capital  
 
So like we pick up -- we put up some -- all level on each medicinal script. So we have to employ 
people to put up that. Now that has been recognized by AI and that process becomes automated. 
Second is the picking. So picking is also through an AI application, the recognition of order with 
the recognition of physical stores is now an AI application. So then the logistics. So sorting of 
the route and sorting of the particular rate is again by the AI application. So these have been 
significantly reducing the manpower requirement. 
 
Call centers, the requirement of the automated call monitoring has been able to reduce our 
manpower by half. So these are the practical applications. Then coding, at coding, we are able 
to make it automated by AI coding. So the cost is again reduced. So these are the known things 
which we have implemented. And now I'm coming to the success on the app, how the customer 
will be benefiting. 
 
The customer, I must tell you the story of a thermometer that it took 100 years' time for people 
to accept thermometer as the right kind of temperature measuring machine. So adoption at a 
customer's journey is a very, very long-term process and people are habituated only by a long-
term process. So we are aware about the fact. So developing the technology, application of the 
technology, then about using of the technology by consumers are too different and much 
different position. 
 
So what we will plan to do is first developing the counseling tool so that we have the large 
working from the large AI companies, who have developed their AI medical knowledge and 
medical informative analysis, synchronization of the knowledge in a back-end wall. Now we 
will translate into counseling variables. 
 
So we have the data of medicine, we have the data of diagnostics. So there can be a counseling 
tool, which can provide the valuable insight by speaking in their own language to regional 
language to the customer. Say you have bought this medicine. These are the problems in your 
medicine. So you again go to the doctor and check. 
 
And next time when you go to the doctors, these tools have already in their back end, their own 
diagnostic report and their own record of health records. So they can give to the doctors that 
these are the medicine he's taking, these are the reports he's taking and then can answer the 
doctor's query very efficiently. 
 
As a customer, as a patient, I may not remember. I may not be in a state of the condition to 
remember. But we want to travel this journey from the point where customer stands and to move 
on as the customer gets habituated and customers get educated about all those applications. 
 
So we are preparing ourselves with a factful in mind that these are very wonderful things. This 
can change that people like, no, no,  I was telling about the JITO clinic. Now we have opened 
one very good JITO physical clinic in our warehouse, Baruipur to provide services to warehouse 
employees and to outside also. Now the doctor consultation, I'll tell you, the online doctor 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
consultation was not very much successful in India because of the fact that a big briefing text is 
a problem. 
 
As a customer, I'm not habituated to measure my own blood pressure, my own blood sugar and 
then to brief to the doctor online. So we have recruited a nurse there and the nurse is equipped 
with AI tools. So whatever customer is telling to nurse, nurse is listening and then AI tool is also 
listening. Now the both analytical report goes to the doctor and then there is a bigger skin, where 
the doctor comes after listening to patient  nurse and then AI tools. 
 
So there's a right kind of briefing, then the prescription is generated , then the prescription also 
verifies automatically. So where are the lacunas and then we supply them generic medicine in 
the brand of JITO and then the diagnostics happen. So these things are interlinked and connected. 
But I'm very mindful of the fact that reaching to the 140  crores Indians, it will take a lot of time, 
and we have to simplify the process. 
 
And therefore, I'm very much excited about this Health Buddy model. And I already mentioned 
that there are technologies and along with technology, there has to be Sevabhav empathy. 
Because if we integrate both these things, then only the Indian service sector will be successful 
at the last mile. So that is what -- but very good question is coming to my heart. We also 
internally debate that after talking so many heavy things, what is the ground impact on ground. 
But yes, this is a good start. And after 5 years, we will see the substantially change on the ground. 
Priti Agrwal: 
Yes, absolutely, sir. That was very helpful. And on curated JITO generic channel, what adoption 
are you seeing amongst doctors, pharmacists and consumers? And how much of the prescription 
or order base this -- I mean, has shifted to JITO generics so far? And like what penetration levels 
are you targeting in the medium term across chronic and acute categories? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
See, the JITO, we have a very different approach. I tell you about the India story. So in India, 
around 100 crores people are not in the medicine net. So out of 100 crores people, who are not 
into medicine net, I estimate that 30 crores is suffering from one of the chronic either from 
obesity, diabetic blood pressure. So there are choices. I've seen my father also, they don't go to 
the government hospitals because they take 1 full day time. 
 
So the Dihari, Majuri (wages) for one day visit is lost. So the 1-day wage comparable cost in 
India is now INR700, INR800, that is not fast and diabetes takes time to create the complication. 
So they think that it is right. 
 
So we are making this product JITO, all for 100 crores people who feel their dignity is 
compromised once they go to the government hospitals, they have to stand in queue. They are 
not treated well and their whole day is wasted. So there is a question of money, a, then there is 
a question of time, because they have to spend one full day. 
 
And then the time is a cost in terms of their full day wages. And there is a question of dignity 
because they are -- they have to stand in a large queue. So the JITO model we are bringing for 
those 100 crore people that, either you sit at home, take online consultation or give our diagnostic 
and we supply you the JITO medicine at a very affordable cost sitting at home. So your time is 
saved, your dignity is saved and your money is saved. 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
Second is that the JITO clinic where you can visit and can give your all vitals, can have a 
consultation with doctor with assisted AI tool and assisted nurse, can have your diagnostic at a 
very standard rate. I mean, almost 50% to the whole bigger companies and can get all your 
medicine at -- this model, these 2 models cover 99% problems of -- at a primary care center. 
 
So in India, if you see that 100 crore people need health care, 99 things can be treated at home 
or treated at clinics. It's a very systematic intervention of the medical health. They don't need to 
go to hospitals. They don't need to go to stand in queue. So we save time, we save money and 
we provide them with a dignified approach. So this is what conceptually JITO is doing. We have 
launched just 2 months back, and we are getting around 20 lakhs per month order in JITO. 
 
And with this integrated solution of doctor generic medicine and diagnostic collection center 
format, I mean, we have estimated that for a diabetic patient, we will be able to treat them as 
low as INR200 per month. That includes doctor, diagnostic and JITO medicine. That is how we 
want to reach to 100 crore people. This is not a story of another substitute of the same customer 
base of those 30 crores, 40 crores people who can afford, but this is for the people for 100 crores. 
And this 100 crores, I must tell you all of you is that, that is a changing landscape. 
 
Now they are getting money in their bank account, in their wife's name, in their mother's name 
and around 10% to 20% of that, I mean, INR500 to INR600 every month, they are ready to spend 
on their healthcare. And they are more now powerful, they are more eager to check, who is the 
diabetic, who is the blood pressure and what is the problematic. So they want to improve their 
life. So that is how the JITO will address to those bottom-down approach, who are right now 
facing challenges in terms of managing their health very well. So this is our mission is. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Vivek Gupta from Star Investment. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Just a couple of follow-up questions. Sir, can you provide more details on the current working 
capital position across both B2B and B2C operations, like including the average cycle days cash 
conversion metrics and inventory level observed in the quarter, which is quarter 2 and also 
outline the targeted improvements that you are aiming for in each segment, like specifically what 
operational levels such as supplier term alignment or cash sales, app-driven inventory reductions 
or fulfillment efficiencies will help compress the cycle? And how do you expect these changes 
to impact liquidity or partner economics and scalability over the next 12 to 18 months? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Sure. So I have my CFO, Lokesh. He's sitting with me. I would like that he answers you. 
Lokesh Agarwal: 
Vivek Ji. This is Lokesh this side. I'm happy to visit your question on behalf of the Company. 
So your question is more of on working capital efficacy for both B2B and B2C operations, right? 
So to summarize your -- my reply, as of today, we have common procurement and warehousing 
process for both B2B and B2C operations. So we collectively maintain an inventory of 30 days 
for both B2B and B2C. And my payable cycle for vendor is somewhere around 21 days. 
 
Besides this, we maintain a receivable period of somewhere around 6 to 7 days out. Yes, this 
receivable period is primarily for B2B customers, wherein the retailers take somewhere around 
3 to 4 days and besides this, around 2 to 3 days for our B2C customers. So cumulatively, it adds 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
around 6 to 7 days for my receivable. So my working capital period falls between somewhere 
around 20 to 25 days, as you might have noted on the PPT. 
 
And going forward, this figure is going to improve only from here onwards. Currently, we are 
maintaining 6% to 7% of working capital on our revenue. 5 years -- 3 to 5 years down the line, 
it would add an improvement of 50 basis points to 100 basis points year-on-year. And this would 
be brought down to somewhere around 3% to 4% from here on. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay, sir. Sir, when we compare with competitors such as Entero, which reports strong margin 
performance and MedPlus, which has built the scale to its retail footprint, how does Sastasundar 
position itself competitively? Like specifically, could you elaborate on the key differentiators or 
moat that protect your business model? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So 2 business model, Entero and RetailerShakti are absolutely different model. If you see the 
Entero's return on net worth, that makes around 9%. So from next 5 years, we estimate that 9% 
will travel to maximum 12%. That is the company retail which target for 50% to 60% ROCE, 
very less capital. If you see the capital deployed in Entero and Sastasundar model, if you see the 
model that total capital deployed and return on capital employed and cost of capital divided by 
revenue, then we see -- you see the retailer shakti   is double efficient in the company. 
 
And then that credit scale are very, very huge. So 60 days credit is factored into gross margin. 
So if you see the gross margin without giving reference to the capital employed, then that is not 
the business we are building. We don't want to build a business with a 12% ROCE because in 
that case, we would like to invest or capital into BSE 500 companies, which give more return or 
return to the invested capital. We want to build a company, which can make capital double every 
2 years' time frame. So that is how the platform business we believe in. 
 
And from an efficiency point of view, from gross margin, that should be compared with the 
giving effect of the capital deployed in the business and the margin of the retailers' credit. So, if 
you give the credit to the retailers, then you get interest of that capital. So that is not exactly 
gross margin, but the interest on your borrower blended capital in terms of inventory supply. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. B.L. Mittal for closing remarks. 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So thank you very much, my dear fellow shareholders and potential investors. I thank you so 
much for your patient hearing, giving me opportunity to understand. Thank you. Thank you so 
much. 
Lokesh Agarwal: 
Thanks, everyone. 
Moderator: 
On the behalf of Sastasundar Ventures Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
