 
 
 
 
   
   
  November 11, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Symbol: MEDIASSIST  
 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 544088 
  
 
Subject: 
Transcript of Investor Conference Call  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Company’s Investor Conference Call held on 
November 05, 2025 at 06.00 p.m. to discuss the Company’s Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone 
& Consolidated) for the quarter & half year ended September 30, 2025 is annexed herewith. 
 
Request you to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited  
 
 
Rashmi B V 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
   ICSI Membership No: A38729 
 
 
Encl: As above 
BHIGANAHALLI 
VASUDEV RASHMI
Digitally signed by 
BHIGANAHALLI VASUDEV 
RASHMI 
Date: 2025.11.11 11:10:31 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited Q2 & H1 
FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATISH GIDUGU – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, MEDI ASSIST HEALTHCARE 
SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP DAGA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MEDI ASSIST HEALTHCARE SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. NIRAJ DIDWANIA - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
(STRATEGY), MEDI ASSIST HEALTHCARE SERVICES 
LIMITED 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Niraj Didwania – Senior Vice President (Strategy). Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Niraj Didwania: 
Thank you. Good evening and a very warm welcome to each one of you to the Medi      Assist 
Healthcare Services Limited earnings conference call for Q2 & H1 ended 30th September FY'26. 
We have the results of the Company, the press release and the investor presentations have been 
uploaded to the exchanges and on our website and also distributed from the mailing      list. We 
apologize for the slight delay we had due to technical connection issue. 
Please note that any forward-looking statements are to be relied upon based on your own 
judgment and all Financials and Operating numbers discussed on the call are unaudited on 
management estimates and hence investors should refer only to the uploaded financial 
statements of the Company. 
Without further ado, I would now like to hand over the call to Satish Gidugu – CEO and Whole-
Time Director of Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited.  
Satish Gidugu: 
Thank you, Niraj. Good afternoon, esteemed investors, analysts and all participants joining us 
from India and around the world. Thank you for taking the time to join us today as we review 
Medi Assist's performance and strategic direction amidst the dynamic evolution of India's health 
insurance landscape. 
We are encouraged by the ongoing transformation in the health insurance segment driven by 
technology and strategic partnerships that enhance efficiency, access and trust. These obvious 
milestones for us including the completion of the acquisition of Paramount TPA, our 
collaboration with Star Health and Allied Insurance, expansion of our International Benefit 
Administration footprint and investment from MIT demonstrate strong confidence in Medi 
Assist's vision and capabilities. These achievements reinforce our dedication to building a 
sustainable tech-driven ecosystem that delivers lasting value for all stakeholders. 
I am pleased to be joined by our CFO – Mr. Sandeep Daga and Mr. Niraj Didwani – our Senior 
Vice President, Strategy, who also leads our Investor Relations function. 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
I would first like to share the key operational highlights for our Company performance for 
H1FY'26 and you will also find some of this information on various slides in the investor 
presentation that's getting uploaded. 
Let me start with some ‘Operational Highlights’: 
The total premium under management administered was Rs. 12,719 crores as on 30th of 
September 2025, a growth of 20.2% year-on-year. Of this, group premium was Rs. 11,447 
crores, a growth of 22.5% year-on-year and retail premium was Rs. 1,272 crores, a growth of 
2.6% year-on-year. Within this, Paramount contributed Rs. 488 crores in group premiums and 
Rs. 104 crores in retail premiums.     . Of the total health premiums in India, our market share 
was 21.3% as on 30th of September 2025 as against 19.2% as on 30th of September 2024. The 
group's segment market share      moved up to 32.2% as against 28.4% as on 30th of September 
2024. And the retail segment market share was relatively flat at 5.3% as against 5.6% as on 30th 
of September 2024. 
Now moving on to ‘Business Highlights’ for Q2 and H1FY'26: 
Share of private and SAHI insurance in the total portfolio premiums administered increased to 
29.4% for H1FY'26, a growth of 233 basis points year-on-year over a similar number for last 
year. A sustained leadership position in the group segment, we continue to hold this well with 
premiums administered for private and SAHI insurers growing by 28.3% year-on-year as against 
the industry growth of 7.8% year-on-year within that segment. We achieved a retention rate of 
93.4% for group accounts across corporates excluding paramount portfolio. And we continue to 
improve the work that we do with private and SAHI insurers in the retail segment with the 
premiums administered for private and SAHI insurers growing by 47.7% year-on-year as against 
the industry growth of 8.6% year-on-year in the private and SAHI retail segment. A mix of 
private and SAHI insurers in the retail segment of premiums administered stands at 37.8% for 
the half year. We continue to improve our provider network proposition for the ecosystem with 
our network adopted exclusively by 19 insurers in H1FY'26 up from 17 in the similar period last 
year. And our average claim size growth for Medi      Assist continues to be substantially lower 
at 4.4% as against industry medical inflation of what is generally accepted to be at 10% to 12%. 
And we continue to leverage capabilities for delivering seamless global administration services 
through expanding partnerships. Mayfair We Care UK, our international benefits business, on-
boarded one new Indian insurer and one new UK insurer for the IPMI and the group segments. 
Our strategic partnership agreement with Bhutan's Royal Insurance Corporation, enabling its 
policyholders to access Medi Assist cashless provider network across India is live. And of 
course, the integration of Paramount TPA operations are ongoing with a focus on strengthening 
combined go-to-market and the overall value proposition across insurers and corporate accounts 
and also while driving operational efficiencies at the same time. 
And moving on to some ‘Technology Highlights’ for the period: 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
We executed an industry-first strategic partnership with Star Health and Allied Insurance 
Company for deploying our MAtrix claims platform. Full-scale deployment achieved in less 
than six months from design to going live, demonstrating our capability to execute complex 
enterprise-scale transformations. About 40% of the claims volume has already migrated to the 
platform, and the full migration is an ongoing activity. And we continue to keep our focus steady 
on technology-driven fraud, waste      and abuse prevention activities. Tech delivered savings 
of Rs. 230 crores in this period, marking a 50% increase year-on-year. And we continue to scale 
up our unique offerings across the provider network. Raksha Prime, our AI/ML-based instant 
check out offering enabled over a 156,000 discharges in H1FY'26, compared to 38,000 odd in 
similar period last year. And in fact, even against a total of 117,000 discharges in      FY'25. 
And this number continues to grow day by day with both the patient satisfaction scores and the 
prediction accuracy substantially going up very frequently. 
I now hand over the call to Sandeep Daga – our CFO, to walk you through some financial 
highlights. 
Sandeep Daga: 
Thank you, Satish, and a warm welcome to all the participants. 
Let me share with you some ‘Financial Highlights’ for Q2 and half-year ending H1 FY'26: 
Starting with Q2: 
The total income for the period was Rs. 234.8 crores, which is a growth of 25.5% over the 
corresponding period of the previous year. Revenues from the contracts with customers, 
excluding other income, which we call as operating revenue, was Rs. 232.5 Cr., reflecting a 
growth of 28.6% over the corresponding period of previous year. The revenues from contracts 
with customers includes 12.6% from government business, 4.3% from our international business 
administration and 2.0% from the technology SaaS services. 
EBITDA excluding other income during the period, was Rs. 39.7 Cr. which includes paramount 
related consolidation and integration costs amounting to      150 basis points of EBITDA. The 
Company has also incrementally invested into technology investments to the tune of 100 basis 
points. 
      
The 39.7 Cr. of EBITDA resulted      into a growth of 3.3% year-on-year over the corresponding 
period last year, and a margin profile of 17.1% on the operating revenue. Profit for the period 
was 8.1 Cr, which reflects a decline of 61.5% versus the reported PAT      last year, and a margin 
profile of 3.4%. However, adjusting for the Paramount acquisition financing, incremental 
depreciation and amortization, and resulting higher effective tax rate, the estimated cash tax is 
in line with the historical performance. 
The ‘Financial Highlights’ for half-year ending September FY'26: 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
               Total income during the period was Rs. 432.8 Cr. reflecting a growth of 20.2% over 
the corresponding period of previous year. 
Revenue from contracts with customers, excluding other income was Rs. 423.1 Cr. reflecting a 
growth of 21.4% YOY for the corresponding period of the previous      year. This revenue from 
contracts included 11.9% from our government business, 4.9% from the international business, 
and 2.2% from technology-led services. 
EBITDA excluding other income was 81.7 Cr., which reflects a growth of 10.9% year-on-year, 
and a margin of 19.3% on operating revenue. 
Profit for the period was 30.7 Cr, a decline of 23.3% on reported PAT versus last year, and a 
margin of 7.1% on the total income. The key balance sheet and operating metrics as on 30th of 
of September are as follows. Net cash balance in the books was minus 20.9 Cr. The net worth 
was Rs. 591.2 crore and the return on net worth was 10.4% on an annualized basis. Return on 
capital employed was 14.2%, again on an annualized      basis. Revenue per average headcount 
on non-government contracts was 14.9 lakhs annualized during the period. 
I now hand over the session to Niraj. 
Niraj Didwania: 
Thank you, Sandeep and Satish, for running through the performance of the Company. We will 
now take questions from the participants on the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Navid Virani from Bastion Research. Please go ahead. 
Navid Virani: 
Thank you for the opportunity and first of all, congratulations on the acquisition of Paramount. 
I have a couple of business understanding questions. First one, sir, is on unit economics. So, 
what I want to understand is how does Medi Assist do earn, I understand that all our income 
comes from insurers. But what I want to understand is, is it fixed for policy or do we earn as a 
percentage of premium that we administer? So, that's first. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Thank you. This is Satish. We predominantly earn our revenues in the India TPA business, which 
is our largest substitute. In the regulated India TPA business, we earn our income only from the 
insurance companies. And most of this income is paid within the group and retail business as a 
percentage of the premium. And in the government business, typically it is a fixed number of 
rupees per family per year. And that number depends on the complexity of the group and the 
various conditions and the manpower deployments. These are the two predominant sources of 
revenue within the TPA business. 
Navid Virani: 
So, thank you for that. The next one was, I wanted to have some understanding of the growth 
levers for Medi Assist. So, in my understanding, we have four growth levers. First is if we 
onboard a new insurance Company as a client, that's one. Second, we have more number of 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
policies or higher premiums      to administer. Third is acquisition. And the fourth one, which 
is a newly added one, which is SaaS. Is this understanding correct, sir? 
Satish Gidugu: 
I mean, it's reasonable, but let me just articulate it. We are predominantly a     r health benefits 
administration business. We today report our revenues from what we earn from our standard 
TPA business across group,      retail and government segments. And we earn revenues, like 
I've explained as an answer to the previous question. Second, of course, we have revenues from 
our international arm. Third is a segment that we started reporting separately, which is the 
revenue from the technology services as a line of business. So, these are the three broad 
segments. And of course, each one will benefit from expansion of the funnel, able to convert 
more and are able to improve our yields. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, good evening. Thank you for taking my questions. So, first, just on the balance sheet, your 
other intangible assets have gone up considerably. So, I am guessing that's the result of 
Paramount's consolidation and customer relationships etc. being      capitalized. I wanted to 
know how much of the depreciation and amortization is sort of these customer relationship 
related. Second, also if you look at trade receivables, that have gone up quite sharply at the end 
of September. So, that was the other thing I wanted to understand. Why have trade receivables 
shot up? And third, I think you mentioned that EBITDA for Q2 was impacted by about 100 basis 
points of additional technology related investment. So, if you could explain that and give us 
some sense of likely trajectory of these investments and have we made any sort of changes of 
that? On a year-over-year basis, when I look at your cash flow statement in the first half, I don't 
see any significant increase in CAPEX. So, it broadly remained at about Rs. 26 crores-Rs. 27 
crores. So, I mean, so that's the other point, what is actually driving the depreciation increase? 
So, those would be some of my questions. Thanks. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Thank you, Madhukar. This is Satish. I will answer some of the questions and then I will hand 
over to Sandeep for the rest. Maybe start with the trade receivables. We had a little bit of a timing 
issue between September and October in one or two large project collections that sort of moved 
the needle      by the number of, I mean, significantly on the DSO. But those collections, like 
you've always seen, sometimes it's seasonal from quarter-to-quarter. We have since collected 
significant amounts of that and then we are recently back to normal. So, it's more a timing 
difference on the trade receivables. One on account of the larger business and two on account of 
in relation      to some very specific large project that caused this. But otherwise, we are sort of 
back to normal. And from a technology cost perspective, Madhukar, as much as it's investment, 
it is, you're aware that we have our technology SaaS business. There are lots of implementation 
work that is going on. There is a fair bit of an upfront thing of that cost that's happening right 
now. That should even out in the next quarter or so as the volumes ramp up on the platform and 
the revenue numbers actually move up. This is more just, again, a ramp up phase of the project. 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Nothing specifically that we are building out as a new platform or a new capability. It continues 
to be what we have done before. On the other intangible assets, specifically from the customer 
relationship side of Paramount, it's about 3.5 crores for the quarter. And that's what you're seeing 
from the intangible side on the balance sheet on account of Paramount. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Now, that's in the depreciation amount, right? 
Satish Gidugu: 
Yes. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
 Because I think the capitalization is more, a lot more, right? Because other intangible assets 
have almost grown about what, I mean, they're at Rs. 120 crores from about Rs. 92 crores in 
March. 
Niraj Didwania: 
Hi Madhukar. So, this is the full customer relationship value for the entire transaction. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
That's all, yes. 
Satish Gidugu     : 
This is, of course, the difference is largely Paramount and that is amortized over a longer term 
period. We are just giving you a quarterly impact of that.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
Just a quarterly impact. Yes. Got it. 
Niraj Didwania: 
And your last question on the cash flow on CAPEX and depreciation, some of the depreciation 
is also because we have also, with Paramount acquired some, there are some fixed assets. There 
is also some amortization on right of use assets. So, D&A has gone up apart from the intangibles 
and is also because of the Paramount consolidation. They also come with some assets and some 
D&A going up on their assets. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Great. Okay. Just a follow up, on the business side. I am still going through the presentation 
because it came in very late. So, maybe I will come back in the queue later. But on the business 
side, what's happening with the implementation of the SaaS sort of model with Star? So, can you 
give us some update of that? And, if any guidance on likely sort of revenue on that project? 
Satish Gidugu     : 
So, Madhukar, it's part of the press release and I think we have had good success. And as 
announced by Star themselves, about 40% of the volumes are on the platform. And of course, 
it's a time carefully elaborated platform. So, maybe a 2-3 quarters potentially is where you're 
looking at most of the sort of volumes migrating. And I think we continue to report technology 
revenues, even in the quarter, even in the current quarter despite the increased revenues, we are 
still tracking      to about      2% of the revenues as the technology revenues. Maybe I think we 
will be in a better position to talk about the overall technology revenues in a quarter or two as 
we sort of complete the integration. 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And we don't include this sort of technology service premium related to this technology service 
in the retail premium, right? Or this, we don't do that. I just want to double check on that, actually. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Absolutely, Madhukar. We do not include, we only include those premiums which were 
explicitly hired as a TPA. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Yes, full service thing we are doing. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Yes. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay, great. I will sort of come back in the queue. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav Shah from Harshad Gandhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My question is more of a strategic in nature. With the recent exit 
of private equity, the so-called promoter holding is just like close to 5%, which is such a less 
holding. I want to understand what will drive the management to work with the same passion or 
vigor as before. I mean, since the skin in the game is clearly less now. So, I just wanted to have 
your views on this. Are you planning any ESOP sort of thing for the management to work like 
with the same passion and all that? Just wanted to hear on that. 
Satish Gidugu: 
We have always been a professional board-run company with a large independent board, where 
I am with professional management. We have not been a family-run business ever. And I think 
that's what allowed us to attract the right kind of talent, of course, with the kind of incentives 
and structures for the management. We have      the most able management in the organization 
that has worked through the years and through the listing. First, there is really no connection 
between promoter holding and the management. And secondly, I think given the board and given 
the governance structures, there is obviously a continuous and constant review of the 
management teams and incentive structures. So, that's something that gets reviewed and acted 
upon at the board level. 
Gaurav Shah: 
Okay, sir. Thanks a lot for your views. Thanks a lot. And all the best for the future. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jayesh Gandhi from Harshad H. Gandhi 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jayesh Gandhi: 
First of all, congratulations on the stand-alone numbers. You were really good. So, my question 
is regarding Paramount and Raksha. You have given the revenue breakup for Paramount. Can 
you just help me out with any EBITDA that you might have calculated on that? I think it is 
negative, but to what extent? 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Niraj Didwania: 
Jayesh. So, actually, yes. So, see, what happens is we don't individually carve out revenue or 
profitability of these businesses because we are running them as a combined business once we 
have acquired them. Eventually, both are TPAs, Medi Assist and Paramount. So, what we have 
indicated is the dilution is a combination of sort of low profitability that we got with Paramount 
at the time of closing. There's also some integration efforts and other transaction costs that we 
are incurring in the first quarter since we acquired that. So, we are not independent, we are not 
giving individual values, but aggregate that is the kind of dilution that Paramount acquisition 
has brought in the first quarter on consolidation, which includes, yes, you are right that it is very 
low profitability EBITDA that they bring in and plus there are other costs that are incurred either 
at Paramount level or in our books, which are related to the Paramount acquisition. 
Jayesh Gandhi: 
And another question, now since we have already integrated Paramount also, do we see any 
immediate low-hanging fruit that we would like to pluck in terms of cost rationalization? 
Satish Gidugu: 
Satish, here again. So, typically, we have always said from all of our acquisitions that it takes us 
about 4 to 5 quarters to convert and acquire entities operations into our operating model. And 
the reason why we guide for 4 to 5 quarters is, as you are aware, our business has predominantly 
only annual contracts at a policy level and different policies start on different dates. So, the last 
policy that we serve could potentially renew after years from the date of acquisition. So, that's 
the reason why we sort of guide for a 4 to 5 quarters. And of course, some of these transitions, 
we have a template by which we have executed the previous four integrations successfully. And 
of course, I think what is extremely important in this process is to make sure that the customer 
retention does not suffer, our retention numbers remain high, and that there are no challenges 
from an operations perspective. So, it's a carefully calibrated step-by-step process. But in 
general, in 4 to 5 quarters, you should see the combined business getting back closer to the 
original margin profile that is prior to the acquisition. 
Jayesh Gandhi: 
That's all from me. Good luck in the future. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. The first question is, can you quantify the one-off kind of impact 
because of integration sort of costs that we incur in this quarter, which will not recur, let's say, 
next quarter? 
Niraj Didwania: 
See Nidhesh, what we would want to do is, as we have indicated, related to Paramount 
acquisition, there are expenses that we are incurring at Paramount, which of course, values their 
EBITDA, which is the consolidation part. And there are integration costs that we are incurring. 
So, combined is a 150 bps impact in this current Q2. So, you should look at it at that 150 bps 
impact has to eventually become break-even and then be operative in our journey to bring it to 
our margin profile. Because splitting that between what is the reported EBITDA margin and 
what is the actual integration cost will not help because they are sort of interchangeable because 
eventually it's related to Paramount we are incurring costs on travel, we are incurring costs on 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
bringing them to our sort of corporate and governance structures, and of course, the efforts on 
the business retention. And then there is an existing business which has its own profitability 
when looking at revenue recognition in IndAS terms and other factors. That's why we have given 
a consolidated view that today, as we stand Paramount is impacting at a 150 bps level. 
Nidhesh: 
Okay. And secondly, you have mentioned around 100 bps point impact because of the 
technology investments. So, is it now a recurring phenomena or it will also get absorbed in the 
next quarter? 
Satish Gidugu: 
No, I think, Nidhesh of course, we continue to innovate and we have a whole lot of things that 
are happening right now, especially on the innovation on the provider side where we are getting 
almost closer to 20% of our patients now, the members, walking out of the hospitals without 
even a bill getting printed is a substantial kind of improvement that we are bringing about. But 
a large part of this is because of contracts that we have won on the technology SaaS side where 
the revenues will start kicking in once the migration sort of gets to be a lot more meaningful in 
terms of volumes. But there are some upfront costs. It should get normalized as a percentage of 
revenue as the revenues move up. 
Nidhesh: 
Sure. And let's say on a steady state basis, how do you see the EBITDA margin of the SaaS 
business? Will it be higher than the Company level margin or it will be, because currently it 
would be negative, I think, I guess, given the investment that we are required to do upfront. But 
on a steady state basis, how do you see those margins and when do you expect that steady state 
to reach on the SaaS business? 
Satish Gidugu: 
So, we, it's about a, we are on a 4-5 quarter journey from an implementation perspective of which 
we are down about 2 quarters. You are right. And of course, there's a lag in the revenue coming 
up. And of course, it's a much higher gross margin business because there are no pass-through 
people costs like in the TPA business. So, it should be accretive to the overall margin profile at 
the steady state. 
Niraj Didwania: 
So, just to add, Nidhesh, so like, like we published, our SaaS revenues are 2%. And we have 
said that there is incremental technology investments of a hundred bps. These two may not be 
directly related. There are investments we make in technology, like Satish said, we are 
implementing a very large project and not all the revenues are in today. Plus there are a lot of 
innovative offerings and technologies that we are building internally. So, at this point, you will 
not be able to come to a conclusion saying that SaaS is not profitable or SaaS is at a higher 
margin than the Company. Those two reported numbers may not be directly related. 
Nidhesh: 
Sure. And third is on depreciation costs. Depreciation is also increasing quite sharply. And so, 
the number that they reported this quarter, is it now a normalized number or will it continue to 
inch up? 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Sandeep Daga     : 
So, primarily the depreciation and that amortization cost has seen a spike in Q2 on account of 
the acquisition of Paramount, where the PPA exercise has resulted into an intangible asset 
creation, which sort of bumped up the depreciation and the amortization cost. And we believe 
that this is likely to be the run rate for a few more years, till the time this entire customer retention 
relationship amount gets normalized. 
Nidhesh: 
Okay, sure. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Navid Virani from Bastion Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Navid Virani: 
Hi, thank you for the follow-up opportunity. My question is regarding the leverage of the books. 
So, if I look at the current number, it's around Rs. 245 crores. Now, based on whatever updates 
the Company has provided, I believe Rs. 150 odd crores will be paid off from this. And we will 
still be left with around Rs. 100 odd crores of debt on our books. However, I think if I look at a 
picture 1-1.5 years back, we used to enjoy a debt-free status. So, my question is, are we still 
going to progress towards that debt-free status? And if yes, what is the kind of timeline that we 
have in mind to achieve this one? 
Sandeep Daga     : 
So, we expect to clear off approximately Rs. 150 crores of the current debt of Rs. 242 odd crores 
in the next 1 to 2 months' time. There are certain lock-ins with the term loan which we have 
acquired. And we expect that with the cash getting generated by the business over a period of 
time, we will be able to become debt-free latest by March-April 2026. So, over the next two 
quarters' time, we expect to become debt-free in total. 
Navid Virani: 
Okay. That's helpful. Next one is again regarding the Paramount acquisition and its impact on 
the P&L. So, now that we have acquired Paramount and impact has started showing up, if I just 
connect this with the guidance or the understanding which the management gave I think a few 
quarters back. A few quarters back, there was a statement that at a normalized level as a TPA 
operation, we can run at 22% to 23% kind of an EBITDA margin. Now, I understand there is 
pressure because of acquiring an entity which is really profitable. My question to you is, are we 
still running for that 22% to 23% kind of an EBITDA? And if so, I mean, what is the kind of 
plan and what is the kind of timeline again, if you can spell it out to achieve this one? 
Satish Gidugu: 
I am Satish, I will start and then I will hand over to Sandeep. If you look at before Paramount 
acquisition, if you look at our Q1 numbers, we reported a 22% margin. And so, that is the run 
rate at which the standalone or the business, all of Medi Assist business across the group, 
excluding Paramount is sort of that. And of course, there are two kinds of things that like Niraj 
and others have pointed out earlier in the call; one, is the relatively lower margin that the business 
brings in. So, there is an impact of that. And two is the transition cost that we typically incur 
right from governance to consolidation to improving service levels to changing the operating 
models. Three, of course, is because this is an annual renewal business where customer retention 
is critical. We are occasionally forced to wait for 4 to 5 quarters to move or transition some of 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
the specific clients. So, given all of this, you will see this impact for maybe 4 to 5 quarters. Our 
endeavor remains that we get back to our 22%-23% margin profile steady state in the core 
business. 
Navid Virani: 
So, thank you for the opportunity. That is it from my side. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jayesh Gandhi from Harshad H. Gandhi 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jayesh Gandhi: 
So, since we charge as a percentage of premium, the reduction in GST rate specifically on 
individual and family, are we impacted or our charge is always X of GST? 
Satish Gidugu: 
So, we do not, I did not quite fully understand the question, but I am assuming that you are 
asking one, whether GST has a positive impact and two, whether the GST has an impact on our 
service. Is that the question? 
Jayesh Gandhi: 
So, to give an example, if the premium is Rs. 100 and GST on that is Rs. 118, before, what has 
been our business model? Do we charge percentage of 118 or do we charge as percentage of Rs. 
100? 
Satish Gidugu     : 
No, service charges are always on the net premium, not on the gross premium, not this. Okay. It 
is 100. In your example, it is 100. 
Jayesh Gandhi: 
Thank you. Thank you, sir. That is what I wanted to clarify. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashok Kumar from EY. Please go ahead. 
Ashok Kumar: 
So, I have one question actually. I do understand that this is the first quarter where we have taken 
Paramount numbers into our books on a fully consolidated basis. So, it has an impact on the 
overall profitability. I am talking at the net profit level. So, if you see the half yearly profit 
compared to the last year, it is down from Rs. 40 Cr. to Rs. 30 Cr. if I understand it correctly. 
So, when we can see the overall profitability come back to the normalized level or when we can 
expect again the growth phase to start? That is the question I have. 
Niraj Didwania: 
Hi, Ashok. So, Ashok, the profitability is down one, of course, because Paramount is just 
acquired and we have to get them to our margin profile. But second also, like earlier on the call 
was clarified, there are accounting entries we need to pass because of the acquisition on account 
of customer relationships and contracts, which is in the form of amortization. So, because of that 
and because of high depreciation and amortization, which will continue at that level, the reported 
PAT may be lower. But again, we are a cash generating business. And so, what we will do is 
right now there is a balance sheet that got published. So, easily you can find out that, okay, what 
components are non-cash accounting entry and then what is the real cash profit. So, we will be 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
able to give you a guidance on what is reported PAT, which could be slightly diluted because of 
the accounting impact, but actual cash profits will be higher. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Well, maybe if I can add on, sorry for cutting in. This is Satish. I think we have presented to you 
the EBITDA dilution, which is not very significant considering the entire impact of Paramount 
and the transition and all of the work that we are doing, including the technology SaaS projects. 
I think what we are basically saying is that the EBITDA to PAT conversion today is sort of 
colored by some of the things. For example, we have used up our cash to acquire paramount. So, 
there is another income loss and there are financing costs on the loans that we have. There is an 
incremental D&A that is coming actually from the acquisition. So, I think if you were to sort of 
probably remove this as the "noise" that is sort of coloring the reported PAT from EBITDA, you 
will see that our PAT will be fairly comparable to our previous performance level. And like Niraj 
said it is in the balance sheet, but I am happy that you can pick this up offline with the team, but 
that is how I would sort of look at it. 
Ashok Kumar: 
Thank you very much, Satish. Just a follow-up on that. So, is it fair to understand the guidance 
given that in the upcoming 4 to 5 quarters, the EBITDA margins would fall back to the 22 to 
23% level. So, at that point of time, the EBITDA conversion to PAT again would fall back to 
the normal stage. Is that a fair understanding? 
Satish Gidugu: 
Of course, the two big unknowns are the incremental depreciation and the tax rates. Tax rates 
are not controlled, but there will be some amount of incremental depreciation that is coming 
from Paramount, which I think Niraj has clarified earlier at 3.5 crores per quarter. Of course, it 
will remain for a while. So, but from a cash profit perspective, yes, we will definitely be back to 
our performance levels. The reported PAT may be slightly subdued because of the way, of 
course, the reporting happens. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vishesh Jain from IIFL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishesh Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. Firstly on the margin front, our margins 
seem to have declined by 500 bps on a sequential basis and around 400 bps on a YOY basis. So, 
you had explained that around 250 bps is due to Paramount integration and the tech investments 
which we have been making. What are the other events which have impacted our margins? That 
was the first question. And secondly, on the GST front, with the recent exemption of retail health 
policies, what kind of opportunities do we see where we can create further inroads or any 
changes in strategy which we are planning to make to grab a larger share of the retail health pie 
where we are currently at a market share of 5% odd. So, those would be my two questions. 
Satish Gidugu: 
Vishesh, this is Satish here. I will start and then Niraj and Sandeep can jump in. Of course, I 
think on the GST thing, we do believe in the long run that it will be beneficial and accretive to 
the whole industry. Of course, the September numbers, they get skewed across the industry, 
partly for members actually waiting to buy or renew and versus tail-ended growth towards the 

Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
end of the quarter. But we do believe that in general, it is accretive and there will be more growth. 
I think maybe one of the things that we have published in the press release and the deck is the 
number of insurers we are adding to the retail portfolio and the steady growth of private SAHI 
insurers in our portfolio, not just in group      but also in retail that has substantially grown and 
also way faster than how retail has grown within that segment. And of course, as we continue to 
add, you will see us do more work in retail. And we currently have some portions of our retail 
business that are discretionary and allocation-based. As we continue to reduce that component 
and continue to add more stable portfolios that are long-term in nature, you will also see lesser 
of that       in the numbers as we move forward. But in general, we remain bullish about our 
opportunity in retail. And for the retail that will potentially not migrate to a TPA-led model, we 
have other answers today from our MAtrix platform that can be used for technology, our fraud-
based and abuse capability. I think we have not announced that, but we now have the capability 
to run our fraud-based and abuse AI engine independently on any insurer's claim system and not 
just only on our claim system. So, that's a capability that we are very excited about in deploying 
to various insurance partners. So, across TPA model, the technology model, and the AI models, 
we are very confident that we will make a significant dent in the market share on the retail side. 
Now, coming back to your margin questions, of course, we have called out what we have 
incurred as additional costs and investments. But the business that we are consolidating, that 
itself has a lower profitability today and a lower margin profile. And that sort of accounts for the 
incremental impact that you're looking at, Vishesh. 
Niraj Didwania: 
You cannot see it as a decline in your price. It's not an apples-to-apples comparison. Like Satish 
said, on our base of a profitable 22% margin business, we have consolidated a lower profitability 
business. And then there is other sort of dilution impact items that we have incurred, which we 
have called out. So, it's not an actual 500 bps decline. 
Vishesh Jain: 
Okay, understood. That's good. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have no further questions, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Niraj Didwania for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Niraj Didwania: 
Thank you so much for your active participation on the call. And we are available offline to 
address any further queries. For any other queries you have, please email us at 
investor.relations@mediassist.in. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Medi Assist Healthcare Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
