 
 
 
 
BCC:ISD:117:16:435 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
                      04.11.2025 
 
 
The Vice-President,   
B S E Ltd.,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE CODE-532134 
 
The Vice-President,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
CODE-BANKBARODA 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Re: Disclosure under Regulation 46(2) of SEBI (LODR) 
 
We enclose transcript of Media Meet & Analyst Meet held on 31st October 2025 for Q2 (FY 2025-26) 
Financial Results. 
 
We request you to take note of the above pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015 and upload the information on your website. 
 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
S Balakumar 
Company Secretary 
 
S BALA 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
S BALA KUMAR 
Date: 2025.11.04 
17:09:03 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
Bank of Baroda Media Meet for Quarter and Half year ended 30th September 2025 
31st October 2025 
 
 
Participating members from the Management Team of the Bank  
➢ Dr. Debadatta Chand, Managing Director & CEO  
➢ Mr. Lalit Tyagi, Executive Director 
➢ Mr. Sanjay Vinayak Mudaliar, Executive Director 
➢ Ms. Beena Vaheed, Executive Director 
➢ Mr. I V L Sridhar, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Media Conference for Bank of 
Baroda's financial results for the Quarter and Half Year ended 30th September 2025. Thank you 
all for joining us. We have with us today our MD and CEO, Dr. Debadatta Chand. He is joined by 
the bank's Executive Directors and our Chief Financial Officer. We will start with a short 
presentation on the results, followed by opening remarks by Dr. Chand and then we'll have the 
Q&A session. Chand Sir would request you to begin. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, thanks, Phiroza. Again, good evening, all my Media friends. Thank you 
very much for sparing your time today. So, just to introduce the management team. I am D. Chand. 
I am the MD and CEO of Bank of Baroda. I have been interacting with you for quite some time 
now. With me, Mr. Lalit Yagi. He is the Executive Director. He looks after the Corporate and 
Institutional Credit, the International Banking and Treasury. And with him again, we have Mr. 
Sanjay Mudaliar. He is the Executive Director. He looks after IT, all IT platform, including the Retail 
asset of the bank. So, all our Housing Loan, everything is being looked upon by him. And with us 
again, Madam Beena Vaheed, she is Executive Director. She looks after many of the Compliance 
and Control functions, including the Operations department, the Risk Management and also the 
Retail Liability of the bank. And we have with us the CFO, Mr. I V L Sridhar. You would have 
interacted with him last time also. So, with this, Mr. Sridhar, can you just run through the 
presentation?  
 
Mr. I V L Sridhar: Thank you, Sir. Good evening, everyone. It is my privilege to present before you 
the financial highlights of the Bank of Baroda for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 
2025. Global Advances have gone up by 11.9%  YoY with Domestic Advances growing at 11.5% and 
International at 13.8%. Within the Advances book, the bank has continued to focus on RAM 
Advances. Our organic Retail book grew by 17.6%, Agriculture by 17.4%, and organic MSME by 
13.9%. Corporate loans have grown by 3 percent YoY. Within the Retail segment, we have seen 
smart growth across the portfolio with Educational loan growing by 14%, Home loan by 16.5%, 
Auto loan by 17.7%, Personal loan by 18.6%, and Mortgages by 19.8%. In terms of Deposit growth, 
our Total deposits have grown by 9.3% with International deposits registering a growth of 7.2% 
and Domestic deposits registering a growth of 9.7%. The domestic CASA deposits have grown by 
6.6%  and Term deposits have registered a growth of 11.7% YoY. As of 30th September 2025, the 
bank Credit Deposit Ratio stands at 85.26% and the CASA ratio stands at 38.42%.  
 
With regard to our quarterly profitability matrix, it is to be noted that in Q2 of FY25 the bank had 
a one-off recovery from written-off accounts, which has elevated the base. Our Operating Profit 
for the second quarter of FY26 stands at ₹7,576 crore. Our Net Profit for Q2 of FY26 stands at 
₹4,809 crores. Without the one-off item of last year, the profit has grown by 22%. Return on 
Assets remains consistently above 1%, at 1.07%. Then Return on Equity stands at 15.37% for the 
quarter. For the half year of FY26, our Operating Profit stands at ₹15,812 crore. Our Net Profit for 
the half year stands at ₹9,351 crores. Return on Assets remains above 1%, 1.04%, for the half 
year. Return on Equity stands at 14.95% for the half year. 
 
Regarding our margins, our key ratios, our Yield on Advances stands at 7.81%  for the quarter and 
7.95% for the half year. Banks' prudent Liabilities management has led to a sequential decline in 
the Cost of Deposits for the quarter, which stands at 4.91% as against 5.05%  in the previous 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
quarter. With regard to our Net Interest Margin, it has sequentially improved by 5 bps to 2.96% 
for the quarter. It stands at 2.93%  for the half year of FY26, first half of FY26.  Now, we come to 
the asset quality which continues to remain robust. Our Gross NPA ratio has improved by 34 bps 
YoY and stands at 2.16%. Net NPA ratio is below 1%, at 0.57% , an improvement of 3 bps YoY. Our 
Provision Coverage Ratio including TWO is comfortable at 93.21%. Our Slippage Ratio for Q2 FY26 
has reduced by 16 bps YoY and stands at 0.91%.  Credit Cost remains low and stands at a level of 
0.29% for Q2 FY2026. Actually, we have made a floating provision of ₹400 crores, excluding that, 
the Credit Cost will be below the published number. Coming to the SMA and collection efficiency. 
Our CRILC SMA 1 and 2 as a percentage of our Standard Advances stands at 0.39% as of 
September’25. Our collection efficiency, excluding agriculture, remains robust at 98.6%. 
 
Regarding the capital position, our capital position continues to be strong with CET-1 at  13.36%, 
Tier-1 at 14.15% and overall CRAR at 16.54%. Our LCR remains healthy at approximately 121% as 
of September’25. Adjusted for the profit of H1 FY2026, Capital Adequacy would have been 
17.36%. Thank you.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, thank you very much, Mr. Sridhar. Again, I will make a couple of 
qualitative comments and then we will go for the question and answer. Friends, again for us it is 
yet another strong quarter for us, both in terms of top line, bottom line and asset quality. And on 
the business front, since we have declared the provisional number sometime at the beginning of 
this month and many of you covered that as a very strong growth, I am not going to tell much on 
that. But only I will tell two points which I think we need some kind of a clarification or highlight 
of that. So, as Mr. Sridhar said, Advance growth is propelled by the RAM growth strongly. So, as 
we said earlier also, the retailization or the RAM growth is something we have been focusing 
since long. And in terms of the RAM percentage, it has seen on a YoY 300 bps improvement, that 
means 3% improvement. It is almost at 62% now as compared to 59% when we presented the 
September quarter of last year. So, within the RAM, Retail continued to be on a strong path for 
many quarters now, maybe around 13-14-15 quarters growing at 17.6%. The Agri has been one 
of the bright spots this quarter, growing at 17.4%. The MSME is almost 14%, again, which we 
intend to grow faster in the coming quarters. Particularly on the Corporate Loan book, while you 
see a 3%  growth, you may feel it muted. We had a muted growth also last quarter and while 
interacting with you, again, I said at that point of time that for the full year we intend to target 
on something around 10%-11%  growth in the Corporate Loan book. And normally, Q1 and Q2 
are bit of weak quarters on the corporate growth and the growth that we are showing is also in 
line with the system that you see as many banks would have presented their Corporate Loan 
growth book. But two things I would like to mention here.  
 
My Corporate Loan book is more organic. So, that's something we focus more. I mean, the book 
is almost organic, the numbers that we have presented. At the same time, I mean, on the Core 
Corporate, we had a very strong growth whereas some of the refinance transactions at a very 
fine price. Again, earlier also we articulated as a policy. We are there in the market but we are 
slightly restrictive on the market. 
 
So, with that, I think the growth of 3% to be compared in terms of the strategy, because the 
numbers are reflected in the NIM. We have one of the highest NIM in the sector. So, for that 
purpose, the Corporate Loan book to be looked into that particular view. And at the same time 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
for the full year, again, we continue to be at 10%-11% . That is what our guidance. In case on a 
sequential growth of the Corporate Loan book, even if the YoY is 3%, the sequential growth is 
almost at 8%. So, that talks about the momentum in the Corporate Loan growth book. 
 
On the Deposit side, the growth is 9.3% in line with our guidance. At the same time, again, a 
couple of strategies that really worked for us and I’ll tell you why I'm saying so. We have been 
saying that we consistently on the dependency of the bulk want to contain or reduce it. And we 
declared on the Analyst the breakup of the Retail Term Deposit and the Bulk Deposit therein. So, 
that as a percentage of Total Deposit, you can very well, I mean, very well can see our statement 
of containing the growth of Bulk Deposit in the book. 
 
Precisely for that reason or the Liability management piece, our CASA is again at 38.42%, which 
is one of the best in the top quartile numbers that you can see in the industry. One of the big 
piece of this smart liability management, I would see the numbers that is presented before you. 
The interest expenses growth this quarter is 4.9% and the growth of interest expenses vis-à-vis 
the last quarter, it was more than 9%. So, we are in a position to get a hold on this particular piece 
of interest expenses. 
 
And, consequently, the Net Interest Income that you can see this quarter is a positive growth, 
which was a negative growth. And in the context of all these transmission of rate, the repricing 
of asset liability, this is very, very important. The bank has given or posted a growth in the Net 
Interest Income. 
 
And, consequently, the Net Interest Margin for this quarter has seen an increase from the last 
quarter. This is important and significant from the context of normally the numbers we look into 
the bank's number, that the NIM, not only the domestic NIM has improved to 3.10%, the 
international has improved to 1.81%, the overall has improved from 2.91% to 2.96%. That's 
significant in this market because when you are comparing numbers in terms of the trajectory of 
interest rate that we talk about in the market. 
 
And there are two other positive outcome of this because the ROA and the ROE, both the 
numbers for this quarter is better than the last quarter. So, in terms of the management of 
interest rate risk in the book, possibly things have worked out well for this quarter for us. 
 
On the profitability front, as I said, the NII growth has been positive. And this is typically because 
of the management that we do on the asset liability. At the same time, we are looking at the 
Operating Profit, the CFO has clarified that the Q2 of the last year there was a significant one-off 
recovery out of the NCLT account and that had given some kind of a pre-tax benefit, roughly 
around ₹900 crore. So, in that way, these numbers are not comparable in terms of a growth. And 
in case you compare the Operating Profit of this quarter of ₹7,576 crore vis-à-vis the last quarter, 
then also there is a dip. The reason being, our last quarter was very good for the Treasury income. 
The Treasury income in this quarter vis-à-vis last quarter has seen almost ₹1,000 crore less 
Treasury income. 
 
So, this is a quarter which is a normalized quarter for us. So, there is no one-off in terms of non-
interest income either from an NCLT recovery or Treasury income significantly improving the 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
profitability. So, it is a normalized profit and that I believe is a stronger number in terms of the 
₹7,576 crore that we posted for this quarter. 
 
I would also say that the Net Profit of ₹4,809 crore, I mean, comparing to the last quarter, because 
of the one-off there was a positive impact. So, rather there is a growth, as the CFO said, vis-à-vis 
Q2 of last year. But sequentially also, Net Profit this quarter has been better than the last quarter 
by almost 6%. So, we had a Net Profit of ₹4,541 crore even if the Treasury income was quite 
substantial last quarter; I am talking about Q1 of this financial year. But then the Net Profit for 
this quarter is better than the Net Profit of the last quarter that is Q1, the June quarter in spite of 
the fact that this we have seen in the light of a floating provision of ₹400 crore that we have made 
in the books. And we had a floating provision of ₹600 crore earlier, with this ₹400 crore our 
floating provision amount is ₹1,000 crore now. And in the light of the ECL that we are talking 
about, I think this is a prudent way to build up buffers for floating provision and we have created 
a floating provision of ₹400 crore this quarter. So, our Net Profit we are seeing in the context of 
the provisioning requirement as far as the floating provision is concerned. 
 
On the Asset quality, touchwood, it is one of the best quarter we have. And I will tell you the 
numbers in terms of Asset quality. GNPA of 2.16%, better than the earlier years, earlier quarters, 
Net NPA of 0.57%, the Slippage Ratio of 0.91%, Credit Cost of 0.29%. I think these are the numbers 
which are not only better than the last quarter numbers, also better than the same quarter of 
last year. So, it has been a journey that we have been through for last 4-5 years, which is showing 
a consistent trend of improved asset quality and this quarter has been one of the best asset 
quality for us as far as the numbers are concerned. 
 
I will give only a couple of data points, before I close. The fresh slippages of ₹2,669 crore, again, 
it is lower than the Q1 of this year and Q2 of last year, this number. The cash recovery, which is 
again better than the Q1 of this year and Q2 of last year. The upgradation, again, that is better 
than the Q1 of this year and the Q2 of last year. So, in terms of asset quality, I think we have one 
of the best quarters, consistent in terms of quarter-to-quarter journey and also year-to-year 
journey. And I think it is something the bank believes in a strong business model where asset 
quality is a key piece and I think that talks about that improvement that you are bringing in the 
underwriting process. 
 
Having said so, the guidance on the, because we’ve given two guidance on the asset quality, one 
is a Slippage Ratio and another is a Credit Cost. The Slippage Ratio, we still keep it at 1-1.25% and 
the Credit Cost below 0.75%, which was the guidance given earlier also. Probable reason can be 
probable headwinds that we can see in the market because of geopolitical issue. So, we are 
providing push-on vis-à-vis the guidance. But always our intent to better on the guidance given 
particularly on the asset quality issue.  
 
On the business front, let me again give a couple of…Tech and Digital is something key to the 
bank's business model. So, we keep on innovating, keep on investing, we keep on transforming 
on the digital processes so that we stay ahead of the curve in terms of Digital and IT. 
 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Secondly, the customer service and service delivery is also a couple of key things, which again we 
are working very strongly. One of the key, you would have seen in the earlier communication, 
that we are trying to innovate the branch banking model, we are trying to reimagine the branch 
banking. And for that, we rolled out around 10 Phygital branches as on today. This is a unique 
concept. I am not going to say the details, the literature is available in the website. You can have 
a look with regard to the reimagining branch model the bank is trying to so that we can again give 
the best to the customer, coming to the branches and doing their banking transaction. 
 
The recent RBI policy gives lot of, what you can say, work to get into a reform agenda which again, 
I think, can support our business big time going ahead. 
 
The last thing I would add that the bank is very tuned to the ESG mandate, ESG policy. We have 
a ESG policy and recently we have made a BOB Forest, a new concept in the BKC area where 6,000 
square feet of the has been made completely green with 100 of plants taken from Sahyadri range. 
 
So, these were couple of qualitative comments I wanted to make. So, I think, with a strong growth 
which already covered, with NIM which has improved, the ROA which has improved, the ROE 
which has improved, the asset quality all parameters improved, I think the bank had a very strong 
quarter and, that is what I said at the beginning, we have yet another strong quarter for the bank. 
 
With this, I conclude my initial remarks and then we will go for the question and answer. Phiroza, 
over to you. 
 
Moderator: Okay, Sir. Would request you to, yes, please raise your hand if you have a question 
and we will come to you. The other option is to keep your question in the Q&A box and we will 
try and read some of the questions from there. 
 
The first person to raise their hand was Piyush Shukla of The Hindu Business Line. Piyush, if you 
can unmute yourself, please. 
 
Mr. Piyush Shukla: Yeah. Good evening, Sir. Thanks, Phiroza Ma'am. I wanted to ask, Sir, couple 
of queries. First is, last year same quarter the recovery that you are talking about, NCLT account, 
that was Reliance?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No-no, normally case specific we don't talk but that's not the case. It was 
a different NCLT.  
 
Mr. Piyush Shukla: Okay. Okay, Sir. Sir, in terms of you mentioned you made a floating provision 
of ₹400 crores this quarter, ₹600 crores was already there. Each quarter, Sir, can we expect you 
to make these sort of floating provision to comply with a draft? Right now the guidelines are 
draft, so can we expect this to continue happening?  
 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, as far as ECL is concerned, yes, that is back of the mind why we created 
this provision this time. But we cannot say each quarter, I mean, unless and until the cushion is 
available we can make it. But then our thinking is in that direction to boost up the floating 
provision buffer therein, right? So, run up to the implementation date, that is 1st April, 2027, I 
think we'll be working on those things but we cannot give a guidance of each quarter for the 
matter. But we are mindful that we need to increase this before going forward.  
 
Mr. Piyush Shukla: How much will you increase it, Sir, for complying with…?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: It is slightly a pre-year to give a year but then we are mindful of increasing 
on the floating provision there in the books.  
 
Mr. Piyush Shukla: Okay, Sir. My final query is on, you had introduced a lot of schemes, attractive 
offers during the festive season. In terms of on-branch, on-ground or digital activity, you have 
posted strong Retail credit growth in Q2. But in H2, Sir, what is your guidance in terms of, you 
know because of these festive demand and flush liquidity, what is your credit growth guidance? 
Have you seen a lot of footfall this quarter?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Look, overall, the guidance on the Advances remains the same, 11%-13% 
growth. And out of that, the Retail continue because Retail we have been almost at 18%-20% for 
last many quarters, maybe around 16 quarters now. So, I think that is the strength of the bank in 
terms of creating Retail demand. And particularly post-GST we have seen very strong Retail 
demand, particularly products like Auto loan and couple of other schemes.  So, going forward 
also, full year basis I am targeting around 18%-20% growth in the Retail book, which consisting of 
Housing, Auto, Education and other schemes on the Retail.  
 
Mr. Piyush Shukla:  Thank you, Sir. 
 
Moderator: Thanks, Piyush. The next person is Joel, Joel Rebello of The Economic Times.  
 
Mr. Joel Rebello: Hello? Can you hear me, Sir?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Yeah, Joel. Good evening.  
 
Mr. Joel Rebello: Good evening, Sir. Sir, I know that there has been some pressure on the margins, 
though quarter-on-quarter you have done well but there has been some pressure on the margins 
because of yields, which have not really caught up with the cost of funds. What is the outlook on 
the NIM, Sir? How are you seeing margins spanning out from here on?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, I said that the new story for the bank for this quarter is one of the 
positive. I said that it has increased actually rather the rate trajectory. I mean, the normal 
expectation was that there will be a margin cut but because of the smart management on the 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
liability piece, we could improve that. There are two factors which are important here. I mean, 
the lowest point on the asset and liability, I think at the current rate scenario these are all done. 
And the repricing of asset-liability did happen during the quarter. Maybe the impact of that, on 
the asset side particularly, has not seen the full quarter impact this quarter, maybe in the next 
quarter. Whereas deposits also there will be positive outcomes. So, what we feel for Q3, the NIM 
would be a range bound kind of a number. It will pick up in Q4. On a full year basis, we are still 
expecting the full year NIM would be somewhere between 2.85%-3%. That was the guidance I 
had given last time also. 
 
Mr. Joel Rebello: Right. In terms of Other Income, Sir, what's the outlook? I know there were 
some one-offs last year which was not there this quarter but Treasury and the Other Income 
because it's down pretty sharply, if you look at it year-on-year.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, mainly, Other Income coming out of, if you look at past 3-4 quarters, 
one can be the recovery on the TWO accounts, another can be the Treasury Income.  
 
Mr. Joel Rebello: Yes, Sir. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: We do not see any significant recovery coming out of TWO in the coming 
quarter. The normalized TWO recovery is roughly around ₹750 crore per quarter. So, that's a 
normalized number and that continue to be there. But one-off won't be there. I am not expecting 
any one-off at least in March’2026. At the same time, Treasury again would be dependent on the 
market factors. So, as on today, I mean, the level, although we believe that the 10-year can go 
down further, the reason being the spread between our 10-year and the US 10-year is now the 
maximum at this point of time. So, there is a cushion to go down further and that can typically 
give us more profit. But on a normal scale, unless and until those happen, I believe our guidance 
would be that Treasury income can be in the range of ₹1,000-₹1,200 crore per quarter going 
forward. If anything happens in terms of a lowering of 10-year G-sec or an OMO, then possibly 
we can upsize that or we can improve that. But I would hold the guidance at the same level like 
we had in September. 
 
Mr. Joel Rebello: Okay. One last thing, Sir. RAM, you have said that it's…I think the proportion of 
RAM is increased to 62%, if I’ve heard it correctly. Do you see this trend continuing? Do you think 
RAM proportion will increase further by the end of the year or next year maybe?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Yeah, the average RAM growth that takes care of the Retail, Agri and 
MSME is almost 16.5%-17%, right.  
 
Mr. Joel Rebello: Right, Sir. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: The Corporate loan guidance, we are giving almost a 10%-11%. So, there 
is a gap over there. So, obviously, the RAM percentage would improve going forward. So, we are 
targeting to get into a level of almost 65% but then whether that would happen by March’26 or 
sometime later, that would depend on the market. But, obviously, we would increase the RAM 
growth going forward.  

 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
Mr. Joel Rebello: Okay. Sorry, one clarification, Sir. Because of the muted corporate growth, the 
corporate growth has been pretty muted, it's for everyone, not only for you all. How do you plan 
to achieve that 10%-12%? It looks a little ambitious for me. I mean, from where will it come?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, two things actually, that is what I said at the beginning. Look, we are 
getting into a busy season, that is Q3 and Q4.  
 
Mr. Joel Rebello: Yes, Sir. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Normally if you go by the seasonal trend of last year also, our growth was 
good in Q3 and Q4. The growth was muted in Q1 and Q2. So, I think the Q3 and Q4 will be much 
better than the quarters that you are talking about, Q1 and Q2. This is one. Secondly, with the 
measures taken, I think the demand would come back into the market. I mean, with the demand 
coming back to the market, the ability to grow faster would be there with us, right.  
 
Mr. Joel Rebello:  Right-right. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, if you look at the momentum, that is what, again, I gave a data point 
saying that YoY is 3% whereas the quarter-on-quarter is almost 8%. So, the momentum towards 
a higher corporate book is increasing. So, in that scenario, I think, we can grow at 10%-11%. That 
is what my sense. Anything, Mr. Tyagi, you want to add on this?  
 
Mr. Lalit Tyagi: Thank you, Sir. So, in fact, you have said all. I can say that, you know, had we 
disbursed ₹4,000 crore more, it would have added 1%. And we ended up quarter in some of the 
disbursements spilling over to this quarter. So, this normally can happen with anyone. So, we 
believe that we have enough sanctions in our hand plus pipelines, which is giving us confidence 
of that the Q3 will be way better than the Q2. And by the time we end the financial year, probably 
10% or plus growth should be there with us. 
 
Mr. Joel Rebello: Okay, Sir. Thank you. All the very best for the rest of the year. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Joel. Ashish Agashe of PTI, please. 
 
Mr. Ashish Agashe: Thank you so much, Sir. Hope I am audible.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Yeah, you are audible, Ashish. Please, go ahead. 
 
Mr. Ashish Agashe: A quick follow up to Joel's question, Sir. Sir, what would be the pipeline of 
Corporate loans right now? And which are the sectors which it's coming from? And, secondly, is 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
there like what sort of component is there of private CapEx within that built up? Or is it much 
more to do with working capital?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Look, the Corporate loan growth is in the context of the margin objective 
you have, right. So, when I said that the corporate growth is something at 3%, you also need to 
account for, we have the highest NIM in the, I mean, the peer system that you are talking about. 
Look, in the Core Corporate, the growth is quite strong coming out of private CapEx or the 
demand for increasing working capital on existing accounts. So, those are strong. The portfolio is 
where, again, we slightly get judicious is in fine price book. And there, actually the competition is 
very, very huge. So, in case we take a cut in the NIM, the growth can be much higher. So, in that 
way, there is no challenge in terms of growing the book, we have multiple options there. So, I 
believe that going forward, again, since we are holding our strategy intact because we think Q2 
normal demand would come at a price point where I am comfortable with. So, that's why or 
otherwise we could have disbursed more in Q2 on that. So, on a demand basis, I think, there is 
enough demand and we're getting into a busy season. In terms of pipeline, we have almost 
₹40,000 crore of sanctions which are yet to be disbursed. These are the sanctions given which 
are not disbursed. And like Mr. Tyagi said, there can be a spillover of the earlier quarter getting 
into this quarter because we have not disbursed those amount. Secondly, we have another 
₹25,000 crores odd of proposals which are under process, not received. These are in some stage 
of process. So, I think, the pipeline is very strong for the bank to get into a growth of almost 10%-
11%.  
 
Mr. Ashish Agashe: Okay. And, Sir, the 10%-11% would be without compromising the NIM 
aspirations for the bank?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: That is what actually. That's why we hold on the Q3 as a strategic quarter 
to decide whether we need to compromise on the margin or not. So, that is what actually 
precisely I was putting emphasis on.  
 
Mr. Ashish Agashe: So, you are confident of achieving 10%-11% Corporate loan growth without 
compromising on the aspirations and margins?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Importantly, actually what is important, also you need to account for is 
that my book is organic. We have very clearly said organic. I have given both the data of corporate 
and others, so you can figure out the growth that we are showing on the corporate is only for 
corporate.  
 
Mr. Ashish Agashe: Okay, Sir. And, Sir, second question, you are maintaining the credit cost 
guidance at 0.75% and you said that, okay, there would be some probable headwinds which you 
see because of geopolitical issues. Sir, if you can just elaborate on that? What are the headwinds? 
Which segment of the book is where you see some headwinds? Is it playing out already into the 
SMA numbers? What were you really sort of looking at, Sir, then?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: In terms of SMA book, the book is much better now. The book has no 
concern as of today. But there are multiple like last quarter we had one off. It was not a slippage, 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
it was a restructured account in an international book putting ₹500 crore pressure both on the 
NPA amount and also on the restructure because restructure per Indian guidelines has to be 
treated as NPA for 1 year. So, in that way, we have a large international book, we have a large 
domestic book, right. So, a small amount of ₹500 crore can change. So, that is why we are holding 
the guidance at 0.75%. The geopolitical can be anything. There is no, I mean, identified or a watch 
list account in terms of any probable slippage. As on today, the book looks very good. On the 
slippage, the collection efficiency is much better. We declare your CRILC amount, right, the CRILC 
percentage, that also looks better at 0.39%. Internally, we know the overall book in terms of SMA 
0,1, 2, this looks very good. So, absolutely, there is no concern in terms of any fresh slippage 
happening. But on a guidance basis, we keep it at a level because if you see at the Credit Cost, it 
is volatile. Sometimes it goes up to 0.6%, comes down to 0.29%. So, we are slightly conservative 
in terms of giving a guidance rather than any probable slippage that we expect going forward. 
 
Mr. Ashish Agashe: Okay, Sir. Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator: Thanks, Ashish. Abhijeet Lele, Sir, of Business Standard.  
 
Mr. Abhijit Lele: Good evening. Am I audible?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: You are audible, Lele Sir. Please, go ahead.  
 
Mr. Abhijit Lele: Yes. The Corporate pipeline question has been already answered. There was one 
stress airline account for which the recovery efforts were underway, if you could give any update 
on that.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I mean, there is no further update on that. Actually, as I said earlier, out of 
the full book, full outstanding, one-third we got it from the guarantee coverage we had. So, the 
book is two-third. And there are two things going on as on today. One is with regard to the normal 
NCLT process. Another with regard to a high-value collateral, which is available, where the 
process is on. The third is some kind of an international arbitration which is going on vis-à-vis the 
airline account and the Indian supplier. So, there are, I mean, tremendous kind of value in all 
those processes. And earlier also I said, as far as expectation goes we would recover the full 
amount out of this account. That is what I said multiple times earlier also. But as on today, 
because these are, again, legal processes, some of the processes are outside the Indian 
jurisdiction, collateral sale is also depending upon the price point that we looked that you can sell 
the collateral because there is a large piece of land. So, there is no further update, immediate 
update on this. But anything happens, we will update definitely because you had multiple 
questions earlier on this account. We will update, I mean, while announcing on the place or media 
on that matter. 
 
Mr. Abhijit Lele: One quick query with regard to the Net Profit. Yes, last time in the Q2 you had 
a one-off kind of a recovery and that had pushed your Q2 Net Profit. That is how. But given the 
very sober or a weak non-interest contribution, is it also one of the factors why the Q2 numbers 
Net Profit is down? Because the contribution from the non-interest income is less?  
 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Yes, that is what I said that. TWO non-interest income helping us over and 
above the normalize that we get out of non-interest income. One is a recovery out of TWO 
account that happened in the Q2 of last year. Or some additional Treasury income normally we 
get in case the market condition is good. The recovery of NCLT happened in Q2 of last year 
whereas the Treasury income happened in Q1 of this year. You know the price, the G-sec almost 
went down to 6.20%-6.25%. So, in that way, the normalize would continue. So, that is why I am 
telling, the non-interest income this quarter is a normalized quarter.  
 
Mr. Abhijit Lele:  Okay. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: In a normal condition, this should continue. Our Treasury income, as I said, 
if there is a positive movement happening in the market, we will upsize that but the income would 
be in the extent of ₹1,000 to ₹1,200 crore. The TWO recovery, somewhere the normalized rate is 
something around ₹700-₹750 crore. 
 
Mr. Abhijit Lele: Third is about the proposed move for the M&A financing. Since you are the one 
who has a strong underwriting capacities, any specific skillsets that you have to bridge? And what 
kind of, given the net worth as of September, by the 10% norm how much is your appetite?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Our appetite would link to the normal Credit growth guidance actually. I 
mean, M&A gives us an opportunity because, as you said right, we operate internationally and 
internationally this is an established product. So, we understand the product. In terms of 
underwriting, we have a large domestic book. So, there are underwriting skills already there. So, 
it is an opportunity for a bank like us, in case the guidelines do come, to play a significant role. 
And how much it would add to the book, I cannot give an estimate now. But then we think it is 
going to be positive over and above the guidance they are giving on the advance growth.  
 
Mr. Abhijit Lele: I am through with my queries. Thank you. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir. Ashwin of Reuters, please. 
 
Mr. Ashwin Manikandan: Hi. Hi, Sir. Hi, hi. Can you hear me?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Yeah, I can hear you. Please, go ahead. 
 
Mr. Ashwin Manikandan: Sir, you had mentioned about Auto loans picking up after GST cuts. If 
you can share, give some color on what kind of demand you are seeing, what kind of uptick you 
are seeing? And any stress in this book at all like from previous quarters?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No. First to address, post GST announced on 22nd or 23rd, I believe, post 
that we are almost seeing 25% increase in disbursement vis-à-vis the same period last year, I 
mean, let us say 23rd September till the date of 30th October. In case on a disbursement basis, if 

 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
you compare, it is almost 26% higher. I mean, GST, I think, created the demand in the market. 
And as on today, you would have seen my slippage. As I said, the fresh slippage this quarter is 
lower than that of the Q1 of this year and the Q2 of last year. That shows the sound asset quality 
the bank is having. And we are not seeing any stress in this particular asset book. 
 
Mr. Ashwin Manikandan: And you expect this sort of Auto loan demand to sort of continue?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: At least for, I mean, actually we run all this campaign, the festive campaign 
till 31st December. I mean, you would have seen something called BOB Ke Sang Tyohaar Ki 
Umang.  
 
Mr. Ashwin Manikandan: Yeah-yeah. 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: We had run that and at least to that time we believe that the growth 
continue to be higher in this segment. 
 
Mr. Ashwin Manikandan: Okay. Sir, one last question is on the tariff and how its impact. If it has 
had any impact or, you know, any comments on that? Like are you still seeing it play out or do 
you think the effects have played out largely for the bank?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand:  Look, there is an impact. A couple of sectors like the textile and a couple 
of sectors we have seen the impact. We are engaged with all the borrowers as far as we are 
concerned. And as on today, there is no stress per se. But they do require some support and help 
going forward. So, we are waiting for the government policy in this regard. And if there is a 
requirement, then we will definitely support them. So, absolutely, the impact at this point of time 
is not…There is impact but not getting the account into stress as of today. But we are continuously 
engaged with this sector to figure out what kind of support they require. And then possibly look 
for a policy and then we will decide our own how to support them.  
 
Mr. Ashwin Manikandan: Sure. Thank you so much. Thank you, Sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Ashwin. Manish Suvarna of Money Control. 
 
Mr. Manish Suvarna: Am I audible?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: You are audible. Please, go ahead. 
 
Moderator: Yes, Manish. 
 
Mr. Manish Suvarna: Hi, Sir. So, I just need one clarification on the floating provision. As you said, 
this quarter you did a ₹400 crores floating provision. But also you said you are going to continue 
to boost up floating provision. You do not have calculation for every quarter but you said you will 

 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
keep on floating. But what is the estimate as of now in this quarter that you have estimated that 
this much provision additionally you have to do it?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, there is nothing additional but we want to support the buffer that we 
create as a floating provision. So, this quarter we had an opportunity. And when you have the 
coverage with regard to the Net Profit, you must account for that. We made a ₹400 crores of 
floating provision, right. There is no policy as of today with regard to floating provision. But if the 
space do allow, we will try to augment this buffer. Because this buffer is going to be very useful 
when the ECL is implemented, right. You know, there is already a draft guidelines, there is a 
roadmap to implement that. So, typically keeping the ECL framework into eye, we have created 
this buffer but there is no policy that every quarter we are going to have it. If the space do allow, 
then definitely we will do that.  
 
Mr. Manish Suvarna: But you are going to do it every quarter, even though there is no… 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No, I am not saying that every quarter we need to do. If there is a space 
available, then. See, we have a timeline till 31st March, 2027, right, when the implementation 
kicks in. So, within that time we need to augment this buffer. That is what the plan is on today. 
But there is no specific policy we have or specific guidance we can give you that how much we 
want to add to this buffer. But we are mindful that we need to increase this buffer.  
 
Mr. Manish Suvarna:  Okay-okay. And my second question is on the Gold loans because Gold 
loan advances have seen around 40% year-on-year growth in this quarter. With the gold prices 
rising, are you a bit cautious on the borrowing limits or on the LTV front?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand:  As on today, absolutely no. The percentage NPA in the Gold loan book, 
which consisting of Retail and Agri, is I think 0.1 something. Very low. Secondly, the LTV and all 
do cover all this, I mean, the fluctuation in the price. We are just watchful of the market, what is 
happening in the gold loan price. Because post Diwali, immediately there was bit of a fall therein 
in the price. But then we need to see on a sustained like if there is a significant fall happening 
because of global scenario then we’ll be mindful of watching this portfolio more closely. As on 
today, I don't see a stress there. And the minor fluctuation we have seen in the gold price is not 
going to impact our LTV in any significant manner. 
 
Mr. Manish Suvarna: Can you give any guidance as to how much growth can we expect in the 
Gold loan advances?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, we have two segments. One is a Retail goal, another is Agri gold. I 
don't know if Agri gold the data is given or not. The growth in the Agri gold is almost in the range 
of 35%-40% and we will continue to grow in that segment. Retail is something around 20%-25% 
and will grow in that manner. So, there is no significant growth we are planning but the 
normalized growth that we are having, that we are going to do because that is what the capacity 
we can consume per quarter. So, we are not going to augment that significantly. At the same 
time, as on today, based on the available information, whatever on the Gold loan in terms of my 
own book or the outside impact, I don't think we need to scale down on this level. 
 
Mr. Manish Suvarna:  Okay-okay. Thank you, Sir.  
 

 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Moderator: The next question is from Shrishti Sharma of ETBFSI. 
 
Ms. Shrishti Sharma: Thanks, Phiroza. Good evening, Sir. You've answered most of my queries. 
However, on the debit cards and credit cards market share, you come second after State Bank of 
India. And if I compare the data between 2 years, last year you were at 10%, currently it is at 9% 
of the market share. The debit card market share has constantly been degrowing for some time. 
However, credit card, you are one of the fastest, you are showing the fastest growth year-on-
year. So, first, why is the debit card market share going down? And what are your aspirations in 
terms of credit card? Can we see you increasing the market share as you end the FY26? I'll move 
on to the next question after this one.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Yeah, let me first address the credit card. Credit card, I mean, there is a 
spend and there is a book. The book is now something around ₹5,000-₹6,000 crores, which is not 
significant. We intend to grow faster. I mean, on the league table somewhere we are at 13 or 14 
on the book terms and we want to get into the Top 10. So, that's the market that we think we 
need to grow, adding scale and capacity in that particular subsidiary. So, we are quite bullish on 
the credit card business. The number stacks very well for us in terms of profitability. I think with 
people dependent on the cashflow in terms of, I think, this product will grow. On the debit card, 
you said, right, as an issuer we are almost the 2nd or 3rd, I believe. There is a huge issue of this we 
have. But you are right that the market scenario, I mean, the usage of debit card has been because 
of the Digital UPI and all. It has been going down; the number of transactions happening on the 
debit card. But, look, only one thing, for every account actually when I am increasing my customer 
base, I have to necessarily give a debit card to each of the customers. So, I mean, even if the 
transaction on the debit card going down, I cannot reduce on the number of debit card because 
I want to issue a debit card to each of the customer who is opening Savings account with us. At 
the same time, through debit card now multiple non-financial transactions are happening. 
Suppose, somebody wants to change mobile number, somebody wants to change…there are 
multiple non-financial transactions happening through ATM and debit card. So, the usage is going 
up. Because somebody doesn't want to come to the branch, so through ATM can do some of the 
activity which he can do in the branch. So, in that way, my strong belief that debit card as a 
product would continue to be there in the Indian market and we as a bank has no plan to scale it 
down because the number of transaction, financial transaction has gone down because of the 
digital impact. But we are mindful of analyzing all this data. In case there is any change in strategy 
required, we'll take it at a later stage. But as on today, I don't think any rethink with regard to the 
issuer base or issue that we do in the debit card segment.  
 
Ms. Shrishti Sharma: Sure, Sir. I've noted your points. I wanted to come again to Corporates. 
You've given your pipeline, you've mentioned your targets and how you're going to achieve them. 
But this is more from an industry perspective, can we call Q2 a turning point for banks in terms 
of corporate that corporates are finally coming back to banks for the borrowing because the trend 
was muted for quite some time? A lot of banks have shown some increase sequentially. So, will 
Q2 be the turning point that going ahead corporates, the growth is going to be there? Is it going 
to be sustainable?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Look, there are 2-3 qualitative aspects on the Corporate loan book. There 
are two segments -one is a very fine price segment and another is a normal segment. And if you 
see my book or we look into my book, the normal segment grows at a decent pace whereas the 

 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
fine price there is a heavy competition. And there, again, it would all depend upon the pricing 
strategy you have. So, in case you want to slightly grow faster, you can grow. So, that is your point 
on the Q1, Q2. Q3, Q4 for all the banks on the corporate, because we are getting into a busy 
season, always the corporate growth is higher. And it is, I mean, I would put the coming back, 
which analogy is more of a seasonal than anything else. They would come back. Secondly, while 
given a muted, I mean, system as a whole, let me address the issue from all banks together. Many 
of these corporates, they went to the bond market, to the CP market to borrow funds. So, even 
if my credit growth has not been there, the banks like us we are participating in all those CP 
market. And if you combine the CP as a credit equivalent, which is not a credit, but it has gone to 
the credit equivalent, where the money also being taken from banks, I think the growth would 
be better than what we have presented to the market as a system as a whole. So, corporate are 
finding a lower rate in this bond market or the CP market, obviously, they would go to those 
markets. So, I don't think any anomaly here. It's a normal market scenario. So, 2-3 things. While 
we should be optimistic or positive with that, we are getting into busy season, point one. Some 
of the corporate may be adjusting their limit on the bond market, they would again come back. 
Thirdly, there are some of the sectors who are seeing demand coming up. Fourth, there are the 
borrowers who have availed working capital. Now, they are increasing their utilization going 
forward. So, all this, I think I a very positive with regard to the Corporate credit demand. And full 
year, basis 10%-11%....We had a 10%-11% growth last year also. And I think the nominal GDP at 
almost 10%-10.5%, all the banks will be in a position to slightly be ahead of the nominal GDP as 
far as the Corporate credit growth is concerned.  
 
Ms. Shrishti Sharma: Noted, Sir. Finally, we saw 2 private banks where foreign investors gathered 
their stake. Sir, media reports have been doing round about centre increasing the cap limit for 
PSUs as well, what is your commentary on that? If that happens or not, that's a thing for the 
future, but what is your general stance on foreign investors getting to increase their stake in 
PSUs?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, like you have read it in the media, I have also read it in the media. So, 
no additional information with regard to any such policy. And the policy makers would take the 
policy call on that. So, I have no comment on that. So, anything happening in the Indian market, 
let me say, they are all welcome stake, right. As I said in one of the occasions saying that India is 
getting into a mature market. So, when we are getting into a mature market, I think the churn 
that is happening within the system is always positive to take India into a mature country. So, in 
that way, they are all welcome.  
 
Ms. Shrishti Sharma: Sure, Sir. Noted. Thank you so much for your time.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Shrishti. We’ll have to close but we have one final quick question from 
Piyush. Piyush, you can unmute yourself please.  
 
Mr. Piyush Shukla: Sir, there are reports that the government is considering the second round of 
merger and you are the second largest bank, your name is also there. Have you heard anything 
from the DFS in this regard? And in general, the last time when Vijaya and Dena were merged, 

 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
how did that pan out? Do you feel this can be done? And in general, what is the message from 
government or authorities? Thanks.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, like you say that it's doing media round, so we also hear from the media 
only. Absolutely.  
 
Mr. Piyush Shukla: Have you received any communication?  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No, I mean, it's a policy call. As a participant, we have no comments on the 
policy because the policymaker, stakeholder, will make the decision, right, they will make the 
policy call. So, as a participant, we won't comment on any policy measures. But as you said, the 
merger of Vijaya and Dena Bank has been very successful in terms of the consolidation that 
happened in the system. We were the first example and then multiple banks happened. The kind 
of numbers that you are looking for, for all the banks is the outcome of those processes that 
happened a couple of years back. So, in terms of creating scale and size, it is always a welcome 
for a country like us. We need large banks. But at the same time, policy calls, policy decisions will 
be taken by the policymaker. As a participant, we don't have any comment on that.  
 
Moderator: Thank you, everyone. That will be the last question for today. Thank you all for joining 
us.  
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thank you very much. 
 
************ 

 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
Bank of Baroda Analyst Meet for Quarter and Half year ended 30th September 2025 
31st October 2025 
 
Participating members from the Management Team of the Bank  
➢ Dr. Debadatta Chand, Managing Director & CEO  
➢ Mr. Lalit Tyagi, Executive Director 
➢ Mr. Sanjay Vinayak Mudaliar, Executive Director 
➢ Ms. Beena Vaheed, Executive Director 
➢ Mr. I V L Sridhar, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: Good evening, everyone and welcome to Bank of Baroda's Analyst Meet for our financial 
results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2025. Thank you all for joining us. We 
have with us today our MD and CEO, Dr. Debadatta Chand, and he's joined by the Bank's executive 
directors and our CFO. We will start with a brief presentation on the results followed by opening 
remarks by Dr. Chand and then we'll have the Q&A session. Dr. Chand, I would request you to begin. 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thanks, Phiroza.  And just to introduce the management team. I'm D. Chand, 
I'm the MD and CEO of the Bank. I've been interacting with all of you for quite a while now. With me: 
Mr. Lalit Tyagi, he's the Executive Director. He looks after the corporate and institutional credit, the 
international banking and treasury for the Bank.  Mr. Sanjay Mudaliar, he's the Executive Director. He 
looks after all IT function of the Bank and also the retail asset of the Bank which includes all the housing 
and all those loans we talk on the retail side. Madam Beena Vaheed, she's the Executive Director. She 
looks after all control and assurance function. More importantly the operations department, the risk 
management department and also with regard to the retail liability franchise of the Bank. Mr. I.V.L. 
Sridhar, the CFO, he has been there also for I think a couple of interactions now. So, with this, Sridharji, 
over to you. Go ahead with your presentation.  
 
Mr. I.V.L. Sridhar: Thank you, sir. Good evening, everyone. It's my privilege to present before you the 
financial highlights of Bank of Baroda for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2025.  
Our global advances have grown by 11.9% YOY with domestic advances growing at 11.5% and 
international at 13.8%. Within the advances book, the Bank has continued to focus on RAM advances. 
Our organic retail book grew by 17.6%, agriculture 17.4% and organic MSME grew by 13.9%. Corporate 
loans have grown by 3% YOY. 
Within the retail segment, we have seen smart growth across the portfolio with educational loan 
growing by 14%, home loan at 16.5%, auto loan by 17.7%, personal loan by 18.6% and mortgages by 
19.8%.  
In terms of the deposit growth, our total deposits have grown by 9.3% with international deposits 
growing by 7.2% and domestic deposits by 9.7%. The domestic CASA deposits have grown by 6.6% and 
the term deposits have registered a growth of 11.7% YOY.  As of 30th September 2025, the bank’s 
credit deposit ratio stands at 85.26% and the CASA ratio stands at 38.42%.  
With regard to our quarterly profitability metrics, please note that in Q2 FY 2025, the Bank had a one-
off recovery from written-off accounts, which has elevated the base. Our operating profit for the Q2 
of FY26 stands at 7576 crores. Our net profit for the Q2 of FY 2026 stands at Rs. 4809 crores.  Without 
the one-off item which I have mentioned earlier for Q2 of FY25, the growth in net profit would have 
been 22% for Q2 of FY26. Return on assets remains consistently above 1% at 1.07%.  Then, the return 
on equity stands at 15.37% for the quarter.  
Regarding profitability, our operating profit stands at 15,812 crores for the half year. Our net profit 
for the half year stands at 9,351 crores. Return on assets remains above 1% at 1.04%. Return on equity 
stands at 14.95% for the half year.  

 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
With regard to our key ratios, our yield on advances stood at 7.81% for the quarter and 7.95% for the 
half year. Banks' prudent liability management has led to a sequential decline in the cost of deposits 
for the quarter which stands at 4.91% as against 5.08% in the previous year's quarter.  With regard to 
our net interest margin, it has sequentially improved by 5 bps to 2.96% for the quarter. It stands at 
2.93% for the half year.  
Regarding asset quality, we have the best asset quality and it continues to remain robust. Our gross 
NPA ratio has improved by 34 bps YOY and stands at 2.16%. Net NPA ratio is below 1% at 0.57%, an 
improvement of 3 bps YOY. Our provision coverage ratio including TWO is comfortable at 93.21%. Our 
slippage ratio for the second quarter of FY 2026 has reduced by 16 bps YOY and stands at 0.91%. Credit 
cost remains lower and stands at a level of 0.29% for the second quarter of 2026. Without the floating 
provision, the credit cost would have come down even further down. We have made a floating 
provision of 400 crores as a prudent measure.  
Coming to our SMA and collection efficiency, our CRILIC SMA 1 and 2 as a percentage of our standard 
advances stands at 0.39% as of September ‘25. Our collection efficiency excluding agriculture remains 
robust at 98.6%.  
Regarding capital adequacy, we have a strong capital position. Our capital position in CET-1 as at 30th 
September ‘25 is 13.36%. Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio is at 14.15% and overall CRAR is at 16.54%. Our 
LCR remains healthy at approximately 121% as of September ‘25. Adjusted for the profits of the half-
year profits of 2026, capital adequacy would have been 17.36%. Thank you.  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thank you, Mr. Sridhar. Let me add a couple of minutes only some qualitative 
comments. 
As we said earlier also, the Bank strongly believes in how to strengthen the fundamental parameters 
of the Bank. And our performance has been consistent for many years, many quarters in terms of the 
numbers that we give to the market. So, in the context of that, let me again wish all analysts, friends 
who are joining today, a very good evening. And thank you very much for joining on a Friday evening 
with us.  
So, in terms of numbers and all, we have yet another sound and good quarter as far as Q2 is concerned. 
On the business number, already provisional number we announced sometime back. All of you have 
taken note of that. The media coverage with regard to a strong growth, so I have nothing more to add 
to that. But only I will highlight on the advances side, our advances growth is propelled by the RAM 
growth. And you would have seen the retail growing at 17.6%, Agri at 17.4% and the MSME at almost 
14%.  
The second aspect again on the asset book is the corporate growth. Some of you possibly would be 
looking at a number at 3% now. So, let me give a couple of comments on that. The corporate growth 
seasonally, we have a weak Q1 and Q2 always and we pick up in Q3 and Q4. Last year, we had a growth 
of almost 10 to 11% on the corporate book. And this year also, we expect to grow at 10 to 11%. 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Saying so, I mean, if you look at the sequential growth on the corporate book, although the YOY is 3%, 
it is at 8%. So, it can build the momentum therein. There were strong pipelines to support a growth of 
10 to 11% as far as the corporate loan book is concerned. 
Deposit, you would have seen on the overall growth that we already announced. But at the same time, 
let me say saving has been one of the consistent, you must be mapping out our numbers with peer 
banks. And we have been consistent on that, although the growth is low, as the growth used to be in 
the earlier years, but it has been one of the consistent outperformance of 1 to 2% on many large peers. 
So, our focus continues to be on the low-cost deposit. And that is what we believe strongly. And the 
focus continues to slightly de-leverage on the bulk deposit. And we have been doing that for the last 
two and a half years. So, the outcome therein, because we say that it is prudent liability management, 
which the CFO talked about, I will tell you a couple of outcomes, you can take note of the numbers we 
presented. Our CASA percentage is 38.42%. That is one of the top quartile in terms of number, you 
must be mapping out all banks and there we are at 38.42%.  My interest expenses growth this quarter 
is 4.9% as compared to more than 9% growth last quarter. That means typically on a trajectory where 
typically we debate with regard to the repricing of asset liability, now we have a control on the interest 
expenses.  
And what is the outcome? The first time maybe you would compare our own NII growth last quarter, 
which was negative. The NII growth this quarter has been positive. And this positive when I say 
repeatedly positive, you can very well compare the NII growth happening in the system. 
At the same time, the net interest margin where we talked about the margin compression or pressure 
for 2-3 quarters now, we have improved the NIM. The NIM has improved in global from 2.91 to 2.96. 
Domestic has improved to 3.10. The international has improved. So overall, the prudent pricing 
strategy or liability management or asset management is helping us to maintain our margin or 
improving that. 
The ROA and ROE, two factors, which again on the profitability, it has been better than the last quarter. 
So, the impact of the prudent management is helping us in terms of maintaining the qualitative, what 
you can say income earning potential of the book that is very, very fundamental as far as the Bank is 
concerned. As I said, the net interest income is at 2.7% positive as against a negative growth we had 
in last quarter. On the operating profit, as Mr. Sridhar has rightly mentioned, Q2 of last year, we had 
a one-off from one of the NCLT resolution account, which is a significant amount. And the pre-tax 
benefit of that is almost 900 crores. So, in that comparison, both at the operating profit level and non-
net profit level, there has been, I mean, the same quarter comparison last year, there is a degrowth 
or there is a negative growth. Saying so, the sequential growth in the net profit has been positive by 
6%. So, we are at almost 4,500 crores of net profit in last quarter. We're almost at 4,809 crores of 
profit in this quarter, which is a 6% growth. And this net profit we looked in the light of the floating 
provision that we have made up to the extent of 400 crores. I mean, that's a prudent provision we 
have made keeping the ECL framework in mind and taking the entire floating provision to 1,000 crores. 
So, these are again, these numbers to be looked in the context of the floating provision that we have 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
made of 400 crores and continue to buffer this particular floating provision. Although there is no 
guidance for the matter, but then we'll try to buffer it more as we move forward.  
On the asset quality, one of the best quarters I can say, touch wood, the best quarters we have in this 
quarter. GNPA of 2.16%, net NPA of 0.57%, slippage ratio of 0.91%, credit cost of 0.29%. I mean, these 
are the numbers which are better than the last quarter and the same quarter last year. Again, a couple 
of points I would say, the first slippage of 2,669 crores, this is in terms of slippage better than the last 
quarter and the same quarter last year. The cash recovery has been better than the last quarter and 
the same quarter last year. The upgradation has been better than the last quarter and the same 
quarter last year. 
So, I mean, in the summary note, I can say this is one of the best asset quality. And when I say we 
believe in fundamental growth of the Company and the Bank, and this is one of the points which is 
again, driving along with the top line, bottom line asset quality we want to maintain at a very good 
level, a pristine level.  
However, going forward, we maintain the slippage guidance at 1-1.25%, precisely maybe probable 
headwinds be there in the geopolitical scenario that are evolving and the credit cost below 0.75%, 
although the current credit cost is much lower than that.  
So, on a business front, again, I mean, I'll just tell one point that the cost of deposit is at 4.91%. And in 
case you are mapping out the industry cost of deposits, this is one of the lowest points we have 
reached on the cost of deposit. And that talks about the prudent liability management that we are 
talking about for the Bank.  
So, on the business front, again, we continue to focus on the IT, digital, trying to innovate, trying to, I 
mean, making our system robust, protecting cyber security threat. So, that's something we need to 
be ahead of the curve, and we clearly intend to do that. We want to improve our customer service 
further. We want to improve our service delivery further, and we're working on those things. 
On a branch banking, again, I say we are reimagining the branch banking and would have seen the 
Bank rolling out a unique concept called phygital branches. We have 10 branches now. I'm not going 
to go into details. You can see that in the literature available on the website, and also deployed a 
virtual branch in those phygital branches where a human-like robot can interact on a live basis with 
you.  
So, these are a couple of things, and a couple of other things where we're again working is that the 
ESG has been a core theme, and we've been very strongly working on the ESG mandate. We 
announced our ESG policy of net zero by 2057. Recently, we created a BOB forest in the BKC area, 
almost 6,000 square feet of area where hundreds of plants from Sahyadri range have been planted 
over there. It's a BOB Forest, which is planted in BKC, where you are talking about the commercial 
area of Mumbai. We'll be replicating this BOB Forest concept across, and this is typically in line with 
our ESG mandate. We think ESG is one of the core mandates where the Bank has the responsibility, 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
and we should do much more on that. With this, again, I'm thanking all of you for joining today. And, 
Phiroza, over to you for question and answer. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. If you have a question, please raise your hand, or you may type your 
question in the Q&A box. One request to please limit your questions to just two. Thank you.  
We will start the Q&A session with Mr. Ashok Ajmera. Sir, if you can please unmute yourself. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera: Good evening, sir. Chand saab, compliments to you for another good quarter of a 
good set of numbers. At least on the net profit level, even though the operating profit is substantially 
down because of the lesser provisioning requirement, the net profit is very comfortable. It gives a 
comfort because ultimately everybody looks at the bottom line of the Bank. So, on that front, at least 
all is well.  
Now, having said that, some of my few standard questions and some observations, and which always 
encourages us to analyze things properly for the time to come. So, one thing is only in this quarter, 
though the credit growth this quarter is reasonably good, but because of the fall in the first quarter, 
our overall in six months, we have grown only by 3.93%, as far as the credit is concerned, net credit is 
concerned. And if you look at your 11 to 13% guidance, and even if you take average 12% guidance, 
you need to have the total credit for the FY 26 of 1,48,000 crores, growth. So, we have achieved only 
48,000. So almost 1 lakh crore growth in the next five and a half months or six months are required to 
be there to meet the kind of guidance. 
So, on that, sir, where do we stand from the point of view of the sanctioned pipeline and the strategy 
and too much of reliance on retail, I think is not going to sustain for a longer period of time because 
everyone is chasing a retail book. So, you have to ultimately rely on corporate also for increasing our 
credit growth. So, what are your views on that? And how do we plan to achieve that? That is my first 
question because of the business growth wise also, we have grown only 2.82% in six months of FY 26. 
So, this is what I'll come back with or shall I continue. 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: You can, you can, you can. That I have noted, then you can go to the next.  
Mr. Ashok Ajmera: Our operating profit is also down because of mainly the treasury profit, which has 
almost gone down by almost 50% from 2,226 crores to 1,086 crores because of the pressure on the 
treasury and because of the rate movements. So, on that, if you can give the color for the remaining 
two quarters to come. Then how do we, even though we are expecting a 25 basis cut as the rate cut 
is still, so how is this time lag you have planned and how we are going to get the benefit in now 
remaining five and a half months of this quarter so as to improve the treasury income. And thereby 
on NIM front you have somehow maintained and rather grew, but how, how it will help to increase 
the NIM further? This is my second this thing, sir.  
And we have eaten away 1.07% of the bps, 107 bps from the CRAR in this quarter. So, even though 
the profit will be added at the end of the year, so how do we plan to, you know, like match the credit 
growth, which is required substantially to be increased and whether we, the capital adequacy on that, 
if we can have some light from you. 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
And last one is that we are given only SMA, just percentage that we are about 0.40, 0.39%, but we are 
not given in the absolute number and especially the breakup of the SMA 0, SMA 1, SMA 2, which gives 
an idea of what is going to come in the future.  
So, these are my few observations and some questions and some, you know, the impressions which I 
want to have from you, sir.  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So thank you, Mr. Ajmera. Thank you very much for being the first one to ask 
on the analyst side. We always expect you to ask the first question. 
So let me, a couple of points that when you look at the net profit, look at the net profit growth this 
quarter sequentially 6%. And we're comparing with the YOY, there is a degrowth because the last 
quarter we had some one-off that we already clarified. Otherwise, the net profit is strong, 4,800 
crores. I mean, you may compare it with the system also, that's quite a good number.  
The net profit also 4,800 crores to be seen in the light of a 400 crores floating provision made by us. 
And that actually, as we said that we were just looking at the ECL migration and how do we prepare 
ourselves in terms of migrating to ECL, this may not be adequate, but then we think of how do we 
create more buffer on this. 
The corporate credit loan book, the retail going to be, is doing good. And in terms of the numbers that 
the quality of book that we look at, I don't think any challenge at this point of time to slow down the 
retail growth. I mean, retail, the RAM would need to grow faster. That's a portfolio which gives a 
diversification benefit. That's a portfolio which is highly collateralized as compared to any other 
portfolio. That's a portfolio also gives me good yield vis-a-vis any other portfolio. So, continue to grow 
on the retail as it is.  
On the corporate loan book, yes, I do agree things have been muted. I mean, muted not only for us, 
for the system when you compare the growth in the earlier years, we need to focus on corporate, no 
doubt about it. Q3 and Q4 are normally the better quarters for us in terms of corporate growth. And 
I think we're giving a guidance of 10 to 11% growth, we're in a position to achieve that.  
So, there are 2-3 elements that we must account for while looking at the corporate growth. One is 
that the core corporate is going strong. The area where we are slightly restricted because of a margin 
guidance is a very fine price asset where how below you can dip in terms of taking an asset. And these 
are typically re-fi deal or very high rated corporate deal. So there, as on today, we are restrictive 
because thinking Q3 can be better. So, in that way, we're not losing out any business opportunity in 
terms of the corporate growth. We are sufficiently providing money to the market in terms of growing 
on the corporate. 
The second thing that many of our own corporate, when in the first quarter or the first half, they've 
gone to the bond market in terms of raising money through CP and other instruments while again, I 
mean, not availing on the loan side. And we have seen a trend, they are coming back to the loan 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
market, that is point one. Point two is a case where, I mean, look, I mean, a bank like us again 
participates in those markets as part of the investment. So, whether it is a credit or credit equivalent, 
I think banks are sufficiently providing liquidity to the corporate sector. So, I don't think any, I mean, 
you have to club both the things to understand whether money flowing to the corporate sector or not, 
money is flowing from the banking system to the corporate sector at a decent pace, although the 
corporate loan book would see different.  
Thirdly, which is important again, I'll also request because you all always analyze banks. The 
corporate that we publish in the analyst presentation is the pure corporate, it's an organic book. 
We give another component called others, which is below that, which is consisting of a staff loan 
or the inorganic book. The same classification may not be available with other banks. So, in that 
way, it is not comparable, but I tell you the growth that we have is corporate, it's a pure organic 
corporate book. I think in case of the data available for all the banks, then we can have a proper 
comparison. 
So, in that way, we are quite happy with regard to the way we are testing out the corporate book and 
we will operate at 10 to 11%. We need to focus on corporate, no doubt about it. But then I think the 
money which has gone to the retail sector would drive consumption and that would drive the private 
capex going forward. And that's a story that I'm, that's a narrative that I'm working on.  
Treasury income, you are right. The operating profit we have declared this quarter is the normalized 
quarter. I mean, we have no one-off here. So going forward also, we look at similar operating profit 
or any one-off happening because of a resolution coming out of a TWO account or a written-off 
account or a higher treasury income because of the bond price movement going down, the yield going 
down. I think we can upsize the operating profit going forward, but 7,500 to 8,000 is a normalized 
operating profit range for us. 
CRAR, we are quite adequately capitalized. I mean, excluding the profit, the CRAR, I mean, including 
profit, the CRAR is 17.36%. But even in the scenario if two things happen which slightly put this CET1 
down. That's, we wanted that to happen. One is a case where the AFS reserve, actually it has gone 
down because of the market movement, you understand that better. At the same time, couple of AT1 
redemption, we didn't replenish it. Maybe we are looking at a price point where you can replenish the 
AT1 bond also. That's why it has gone down.  
At current level, excluding profit also, we are heavily, highly capitalized. And if you add profit, then it 
is almost 17.36%. So, I don't think any challenge on that. We had announced to the market an enabling 
clause of raising capital, but I don't think that is needed at this point of time. If there is a need, we will 
see at that point of time with a due articulation to the market.  
So, I think I have covered mostly…. the SMA breakup, actually, the CRILIC data only will provide more 
than 5 crores. I think other banks also do provide that. But any granular data you want, we can provide 
offline to you. 
Mr. Ashok Ajmera: Thank you.  

 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question is from Rikin Shah. 
Mr. Rikin Shah: Hi, good evening, sir. And thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions, 
actually. 
First one, I wanted to check what is the total quantum of interest on IT refund in this quarter? And 
what would be the NIM ex of this one-off? And a continuation to that would be, you know, this is the 
third consecutive quarter where we have seen decent amount probably on interest on IT refund. So, 
how should we think about it in the future quarters? I know it can be very difficult to predict, but do 
you expect more of them in the future? So, that's the first one. 
And I have a few other, I'll come back after this question.  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, the IT refund happens, I mean, as and when we get the refund and normal, 
if you look at the refund this quarter, it is higher than the last quarter, almost 300 crores. So, in that 
way, you can take an impact of the NIM something around 7-8 bps at best, nothing more than that. 
But IT refund is a normal way every quarter the Bank receives. So, it is not a one-off. It is only the 
quantum of money that we receive in a quarter. And this quarter, you compare to the last quarter, it 
is in excess of roughly around 3-350 crores. And that's how you can translate to 6-7 bps of the NIM.  
Mr. Rikin Shah: Okay. So, sir, last quarter, I think the interest on IT refund was 370 crores. So, this 
quarter, it would be 670 to 720 crores in absolute terms.  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Roughly around 750 crores kind of a number. 
Mr. Rikin Shah: Okay, fair. Got it, sir. Thanks. The second question is on the deposit repricing. Would 
you say that a large part of deposit repricing is already done by this quarter? And do you expect more 
in the coming quarters? And, then extension to that is we have heard from some PSU banks that they 
do think about cutting the MCLR rates, which can impact the yields in coming quarters. So, how should 
we think about the NIMs from the current level in the next two quarters, assuming there is no rate 
cut? We can keep that part aside. 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, again, I highlighted my point that, I mean, if you look at the entire squad of 
banks who have declared their numbers and they would have seen the margin cut, right?  
Mr. Rikin Shah:  Yes.  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: In that scenario, we are given an increase in margin. So, in terms of the 
management of the deposit, I think it was a prudent management in that way. Saying so, in terms of 
the lowest point of the deposit market and the lowest point of the advance market, they are already 
done in the current scenario, unless and until are we going to cut it further, right. So, in terms of the 
repricing of this asset liability, again, the full effect of the repricing possibly would not have been felt 
in this quarter. So, the impact would be felt in the next quarter. So, in that scenario, yeah.  
Mr. Rikin Shah: Yeah, sorry. Go ahead, sir.  

 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, there may be a range bound movement of margin next quarter, but a full 
year basis, we are expecting 2.85 to 3%.  
Mr. Rikin Shah: Got it, sir. And, sir, next on the employee expense, the provisions for employee 
expense has come off in this quarter. Is it simply led by the yield movement? And do you expect that 
to normalize in the coming quarter? 
And lastly, the question is also on the floating provision that you created of 400 crores, the outstanding 
is now 1000 crores, you did highlight it is in anticipation of ECL. So, how much more would be required 
in the run up to the ECL transition? What would be the one-time transition impact from April 27? And 
also, what could be the change in steady rate, steady state credit cost? Those will be the remaining 
two questions.  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Okay, quickly, let me answer. The employee provision that you are talking about 
is precisely because of the yield movement. On the pension, the yield movement, it has gone up from 
6.44 to 6.72%. So, there is an increase, for that the amount required is less. Similarly, gratuity also it 
has gone up by almost around 25 bps. So, it is because of the yield movement, the impact is absolutely 
in line with that we expect in case there is a yield movement. 
Secondly, on the ECL, let me tell you, these are draft guidelines, a lot of moving parts therein but on a 
thumb rule, I can tell you as a ballpark number, which can be a back of the envelope calculation. What 
we are expecting the ECL impact for the full on the CRAR is roughly around 1.25%. So, that would be 
spread over a period of 5 years, but then you take it at one time, it is 1.25%. At the same time, there 
is also guidelines with regard to the credit, the RWA and the credit is also as draft guidelines being 
there. So, that is going to give us almost 60 bps positive because there is a RWA reduction. So, that is 
a positive impact on the CRAR would be almost like 60 to 70 bps. So, net to net, the impact that you 
are looking at for a 5-year impact is almost like 75 bps maximum. 
And that can be spread over a period of 5 years. If you take it at one time, it can be 0.75. This is purely 
a provisional number, a provisional calculation in terms of what we see as on today based on the draft 
guidelines that we understand as the final, I mean, in terms of the final contour. So, I do not think ECL, 
you know, the capital adequacy for most of the banks like us. So, if net impact of 0.75 may not be 
significant. So, that is something that we should do.  
Secondly, on a recurring basis on a provisional requirement, it can impact the credit cost almost to the 
extent of 20 to 25 bps maximum. But these are very ballpark provisional number based on the 
interpretation we have as on today. Number can change, but the impacts are not significant as on 
today. In case you look at our book, our profitability, our capital adequacy, our provision requirement, 
I think it is not significant as on today. 
Mr. Rikin Shah: Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: Kunal Shah, please. 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Yeah. Hi. Are you able to hear me? 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I can hear you. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Yeah. Sorry, so, to again jump upon and get the handle on the margin number. 
So, last time when we look at it adjusting for IT refund and the recovery, you indicated core NIMs to 
be 2.81%. Would it be fair to assume that core NIMs this quarter would have been closer to 2.78% or 
so compared to the reported NIMs which are there? 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I mean, how we computed core NIM, as I said, know, the 2.96% is the global 
NIM. 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Yeah. And 750 crores. So, that has like 18-19 basis points of impact overall. So, maybe 
2.78, would that be the fair assumption? So, if I have to look at it on a core basis, is it like NIMs have 
declined by 3-4 basis points or so, on a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See exact calculation, I will give it to you, but then the NIM has improved. Even 
if excluding the IT refund on both side on the last quarter and this quarter, NIM has improved. So, I 
think I don't have not exact calculation, but in case you want, we can send you the impact of the core 
NIM. Core NIM is going to be stable. It is stable and it has really helped us in terms of improving the 
core NIM. 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Sure. And in terms of the guidance, so maybe compared to 2.96%, maybe even if I 
adjust and based on that calculation, it is coming closer to 2.8%. How confident are we in terms of 
getting it through maybe more than 2.9 or closer to 3 odd % by the exit quarter of FY26? 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: See, that is why I said the Q3 would be range bound in terms of margin, because 
again, the repricing full effect has come in the current scenario, but the full impact for the quarter has 
not come. So, on the asset side, there are going to be a lower income in terms of the full quarter 
impact. At the same time, the deposit, again, see, look at 4.91% deposit cost. I'm one of the lowest in 
terms of the deposit cost in the entire system, if you look at all the banks. So, in that way, the benefit 
is going to be there for the deposit side. So, net to net, it would be range bound. 
But full year basis, again, Q4, we are expecting a rise in the NIM. So, in that scenario, I think the 
guidance we are giving 2.85 to 3. So, that is a global NIM that we are talking about without any 
core/non-core that we are referring. But global NIM basis will be at 2.85 to 3. 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Including the IT refunds, which are there, it is all on a reported basis.  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: That is a NIM, right? 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Yeah. 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Every quarter we get some IT refund. It is part of a regular, it is not a one-off. 
Like NCLT recovery can be a one-off, but IT refund is not one-off. We keep getting some amount, it 
may be higher or lower. 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Yeah, got it. So, the question was maybe given that our growth on the corporate side 
has been quite active. Plus, when we look at on the deposit side, in fact, the wholesale deposits have 
grown quite stronger when you look at it almost like, say, 15% up quarter on quarter, 17% year on 
year. So, I think this two have some pressure on the margins during the quarter. So, that's the reason 
was not sure if there is an increase in the NIMs on the core basis.   
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, look, on the wholesale deposit, as you said, we have been saying that the 
dependency, we want to reduce. So, in terms of the percentage of retail deposit, term deposit or the 
overall deposit, it has as a percentage gone down. So, this quarter something, I mean, even if there is 
a marginal, because you would have seen the retail term deposit growth is 9.1%. And the wholesale 
including CD is 17%. Then there is some component which has gone into it. But this is precisely out of 
the CD increase in outstanding. And as you know, the certificate of deposit, these are short term, 
having a much lower pricing. 
So, in that way, there is no pricing impact on this 17 vis-à-vis 9, we’re one bank declaring the bulk 
deposit as a subgroup to the term deposit for many quarters, you need to get those data for other 
banks. And then only you can have a clear comparison in terms of what is the growth we have and 
what is the growth others can have. But as a strategy, I've been saying that the dependency we want 
to reduce for a volatility purpose, on a price point purpose, and we're quite successful in terms of 
managing. So, it's not one or two numbers you are looking at.  
Look, the NII growth has been positive, which is again, if you compare on a whole system basis, there 
are many having a negative growth. We had a negative NII growth last quarter, which is positive now. 
The ROA and ROE both are better than the last quarter. So, in that overall construct of the book and 
considering the cost of deposit at 4.91%, which is one of a very good level. I think the prudent 
management is helping us in terms of maintaining profitability and that's something fundamental as 
far as our margin guidance. 
Look, there are two other points that you need to look into. The CASA percentage is one of the top 
quartiles, you have the numbers for this, right. It is one of the top quartiles for the Bank. So, these are 
all numbers leading to a, I mean, fundamentally talking about better management of the liability at 
the same time protecting margin or the profitability. 
Mr. Kunal Shah: Got it. And on PL, so the GNPAs have gone up again to 4.81%. Last quarter it was 
4.48. We are hearing from most of the players that at least the pain, the incremental stress formation 
is subsiding in personal loans. Should we also believe that maybe for us as well, the GNPAs in PL have 
now peaked and we should see the improvement or there is some pain still left to be recognized? 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No, look, on the overall retail, the slippage has been lower than last quarter. 
That numbers are given, I mean, the retail slippage, right? But PL is a very small component of the 
overall, the outstanding PL books is roughly around 12,000 crores. 
If I look at the slippage, we're not declaring that number, but if I look at the slippage of the PL this 
quarter, it is lower than the last quarter. So, in terms of the pressure on the PL book, although we 

 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
have a lower book, it is no more there. Rather, we should see improvement in this number going 
through. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. The next question from Mahrukh, please. Yeah. 
Ms. Mahrukh: Hello, sir. Congratulations.  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thank you very much. 
Ms. Mahrukh: Sir, I have a few questions. Firstly, in terms of your recovery from written off accounts, 
TWO, the income is lower. Do you want to reduce reliance or it is going to remain volatile and lumpy 
even in the future quarters? So, that's my first question.  
Secondly, you did mention that on a run rate basis, if ECL were to be implemented, your credit costs 
would move up by 25 bps. So, is that what you should build in structurally now to assess your long-
term ROAs, like the current credit cost or say the full year credit cost plus 25 basis points? 
And my third question is, I think it was asked before, but I didn't quite catch the answer. How much 
of MCLR repricing is left? How much more can MCLR go down? So, these are my questions, sir. 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: So, coming to the recovery of written off, our normalized run rate is roughly 
around 700 to 750 crores, that is what a normalized run rate we give. The Q2 of last year, that was 
elevated 2500 crores, that we have explained why it was so. This quarter it is 493 crores, which is 
definitely below the run rate. But going by the pipeline cases and all, I think we'll come back to our 
normalized 700 to 750 crores per quarter on the recovery of the TWO.  
On the ECL impact, the credit cost you talked about, this again is a ballpark back of the envelope 
calculation, but obviously we have provided floating provision, keeping the ECL framework in mind. 
So, we think we need to create buffer, but we have not decided as a policy how much to do it, what 
time to do it. So, these are all depending upon going forward a lot of clarity will come on the ECL 
framework. Actual calculation getting into transaction level would give us more clarity. So, we have 
not decided how much to provide on the ECL, but then we'll be mindful that we need to create more 
buffer, so we'll be moving in that direction.  
MCLR, my book is almost 35-36% now, and many of the banks have declared MCLR. The computation 
of MCLR depends on the moderation in cost of deposit. If further moderation going to happen on the 
cost of deposit based on the repricing, obviously we'll pass on those benefits. It's a model which is a 
tested model, so there is nothing much we do. It's a calculation already hard-coded. So, I cannot say 
how much it would go down. All would depend upon the cost modulation of the deposit cost, which 
is 4.91%, how much it would go down in future, and the MCLR cost would depend on that.  
So, I think, Mahrukh, I addressed all your three questions.  
Ms. Mahrukh:  Thank you so much, sir.  
Moderator: The next question is from Bhavik Shah.  

 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Mr. Bhavik Shah:  Hello. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. 
I'll just ask Mahrukh's question a little forward. Sir, MCLR calculation also has a return on equity as a 
parameter. Last few years, our return on equity was very good. So, when will we review that? Is there 
a plan to kind of mark that down maybe over the course of the year?  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: That would depend because actually there is certain policy on how do you, 
when you can review at what frequency, on what condition. So, they are all for the policy therein. So 
only thing which variable as of today is the cost of deposit. 
So, we'll also do, we'll look at the market, what is happening in the market in terms of the level, and 
then we possibly can take a call. But as of today, I don't think we need to take a review. But in case 
there is a requirement as per the policy, we'll take a review at a later date, not now. 
Mr. Bhavik Shah: Understood, sir. And sir, we saw very strong growth in NBFC portfolio this quarter, 
quarter-on-quarter. I just wanted to check, those were Repo linked, MCLR linked, and what was the 
yield, 7.1-7.2%? 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Look, NBFC, what happened actually, there was a lower growth in NBFC book, 
rather the demand from the NBFC was lower in last quarter. So, in terms of NBFC as a percentage of 
book, it has not gone from the peak level, rather below the peak level. I mean, when I'm telling peak 
level is a quarter prior to that. So, in that way, we have a policy on that, we have a threshold therein, 
we're all operating within the policy and threshold therein. So, in terms of pricing of NBFC, normally 
we get MCLR linked, but some of them can be Repo linked, but then exact composition I don't have, 
but then the yield is quite good out of NBFC, and that's a demand coming from now. And our A and 
above book has gone up in case you have seen the data therein present. So, in that scenario, I think 
we're creating good quality NBFC book at the same time we are mindful of the yield. Mr. Tyagi, 
anything you want to add on NBFC?  
Mr. Lalit Tyagi: Sir, in fact, you have said all. I can add only that NBFC, there was subdued demand in 
the June quarter. And in September, they came to the market and we supported them because we 
had a relationship in the past also, some of the new clients also were added. And we have diversified 
the NBFC portfolio.  
Mr. Bhavik Shah:  Okay, sir. Okay, last thing, sir, what CD ratio are we comfortable with for global and 
domestic? What credit to deposit ratio would we be comfortable with?  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Look, we're at 85 now. And when the deposit is not growing, obviously, you 
can't reduce your LDR or the CD ratio. But we are comfortable operating at 82 to 85. We're quite 
comfortable. Look, our LCR is good, our CRAR is good. Our ability to grow is much higher. So, in that 
way, we are comfortable at the current level. But once the deposit cycle improves, then possibly we 
can think of lowering, but we are okay with 85 level.  
Mr. Bhavik Shah: Okay, so we won't go beyond 85?  

 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Dr. Debadatta Chand: I mean, not actually. See, look, a couple of things which are supporting us. Look, 
my SLR, I am surplus in SLR. LCR is comfortable. CRAR is good. So, I don't have to be worried about any 
level that we see on the LDR. So not very, I mean, very sticky on any particular level, but we are 
comfortable at the current level that we are operating.  
Mr. Bhavik Shah:  Understood, sir. And sir, our write-off declined quarter on quarter. 2400, we did 
1000 crores. I just wanted to check with you at what net NPA or gross NPA level would be comfortable. 
We are at around 2.2 as of now. Do you plan to accelerate write-off or as in now you're done with the 
write-off?  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: No, in terms of write-off, we would have seen we have much lower write-off as 
compared to the earlier quarter and still the GNPA is so low. Something on the asset quality or the 
positive part of the entire management that you can look into. So, in terms of TWO recovery, we 
intend to upsize this going forward. Actually, our normal run rate is up to around 700 to 750 crores. 
So, I think we need to improve on that count. So, in that way, I am not, I mean, in a process where I 
think we can on this. So, the TWO kitty is roughly around 63,000 as on today. So, in case we can do 
write-off, we can do much higher, but then we are going at the normal level. So, there is no guidance 
for GNPA to what level to, but the current levels are quite, what you can say, strong vis-à-vis the 
systemic levels that we see. And so, for most of the banks and like us, we are also at a very good level 
of the GNPA. 
Mr. Bhavik Shah: Understood, sir. Thank you, sir. And good luck for future. 
Moderator: Thank you. Unfortunately, we ran out of time. So that'll be the last question we will be 
able to take. If I can ask Sridhar sir to please give the concluding remarks.  
Mr. I.V.L. Sridhar: Thank you all. I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all of you for joining us 
today for the announcement and discussion of our financial results. Should you have any further 
questions, please feel free to reach out to me or our Investor Relations team. We would be happy to 
share any further information required. Thank you once again for your time and continued support. 
Have a great evening ahead and weekend ahead. Thank you.  
Dr. Debadatta Chand: Thank you very much. 
************ 
