 
 
 
10th November, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
LisƟng Dept. / Dept.  of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Security Code : 539301 
Security ID      : ARVSMART 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
LisƟng Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol : ARVSMART 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with Analysts / Investors. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are attaching herewith transcript of the conference call with analysts / 
investors held on Tuesday, 4th November, 2025, at 12:00 Noon IST, to discuss Q2 & H1 FY26 
Results of the Company. 
 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Makwana 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
PRAKASH BHOGIBHAI 
MAKWANA
Digitally signed by PRAKASH 
BHOGIBHAI MAKWANA 
Date: 2025.11.10 12:37:18 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earning Conference Call 
November 04, 2025 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q2 FY26 Post Results Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Sharma from Adfactors. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Amit Sharma: 
Thank you Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Q2 
and H1 FY26 Results Conference Call of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited. We 
have with us today on the call, Mr. Kulin Lalbhai, Chairman; Mr. Kamal 
Singal, Managing Director; Mr. Priyansh Kapoor; Chief Executive Officer; 
Mr. Amit Chamaria, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Vikram Rajput, Head, 
Business Development, MMR and Investor Relations. 
 
Please note that a copy of the disclosures is available on the Investors section 
of the website of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited as well as on the Stock 
Exchanges. 
 
Please do note that anything said on this call that reflects the outlook towards 
the future should be construed as a forward-looking statement and must be 
reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company possesses. I would 
now like to hand over the call to Mr. Kulin Lalbhai for his opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to everyone present on 
this call. Thank you for joining us today to discuss the operating and financial 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
performance of Arvind SmartSpaces for the quarter and the half year ended 
September 30, 2025.  
As we progress through FY26, I'm pleased to share that we have continued to 
make steady progress on the strategic steps we undertook to build a strong and 
scalable platform for Arvind SmartSpaces. The past few quarters have been 
transformative for us as we sharpened our organizational structure, 
strengthened our leadership bandwidth and reinforced the foundation for 
sustained growth. The structure we have put in place with city-level leadership, 
agile decision-making and clear accountability is now beginning to 
demonstrate tangible results. We are witnessing greater execution velocity, 
wider project funnels and enhanced customer satisfaction across our projects. 
 
Very recently, we have had 2 CXO additions, further augmenting our 
leadership team. Dharmesh Vyas has joined us as Chief Operating Officer. 
Dharmesh brings with him over 3 decades of experience in leading large-scale 
real estate development projects across India. We also have a new CFO who 
has joined us, Amit Chamaria. I'm sure the company will benefit tremendously 
from his extensive experience in the finance field. 
 
Looking ahead, we have a very bold ambition for this company. We are going 
to see a significant scale up, but keep the DNA still focused on profitability 
and cash flow. We remain focused on maintaining disciplined capital 
allocation and delivering design-led, high-quality products that reinforce 
Arvind SmartSpace's reputation as one of the most trusted real estate brands in 
the country. With a strengthened leadership team, a robust financial position 
and a clear strategic road map, we are confident of sustaining our growth 
momentum and creating long-term value for all stakeholders. 
 
With that, I will now hand it over to Kamal Bhai to take you through a few 
operational and sector-related updates. 
Kamal Singal: 
Thank you, Kulin Bhai. Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to 
everyone present on this call. Thank you for joining us today.  
India’s real estate sector has come a long way over the past decade, 
transforming from a largely fragmented and unorganized space into a more 
transparent, accountable, and institutionalized growth driver. Today, it is one 
of the key pillars of India’s economic engine, contributing close to USD 0.3 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
trillion in value addition to the Indian economy in 2025, accounting for an 
estimated 6–8% of India's GDP. This progress coincides with India achieving 
a major economic milestone, becoming the 4th largest economy in the world 
during 2025. Importantly, inflation has moderated meaningfully over recent 
quarters, providing monetary headroom for a growth-supportive policy stance. 
Further, the simplification measures in the GST structure will have far reaching 
positive implications across consumption linked sectors. 
From a broader sectoral perspective, we see multiple structural drivers shaping 
the next phase of real estate growth in India. Across most markets, affordability 
has improved since the previous peak in the housing cycle, led by higher 
household income and lower interest rates. Overall, with a comfortable 
inventory overhang of 13-14 months, a sustained favorable affordability across 
cities, and increasing preference for quality and branded products, we believe 
the demand environment shall remain buoyant. Listed and branded developers 
will continue to capitalise better on sector opportunities due to their ability to 
create higher & diverse supply, achieve superior sales velocities and 
successfully expand to newer markets. 
We continue to strengthen our geographic footprint across high potential micro 
markets of Gujarat. Very recently we have entered into the Vadodara 
residential market, our 23rd project in Gujarat. This is a large-scale horizontal 
project with a topline potential of around Rs. 700 crore. The project is spread 
over ~98 acres and signed under the joint development model with 68% 
Revenue share coming to ASL. Looking ahead, we have a strong BD pipeline 
and we look forward to adding projects across Gujarat, Bengaluru and 
Mumbai, supported by our disciplined capital allocation framework. 
Overall, the performance during the first half has been encouraging, and we 
continue to focus on scaling up launches and enhancing our presence across 
key markets while maintaining operational discipline and strong cash flow 
generation.  
With that, I would now like to hand over the call to Priyansh, who will share 
the operational and financial performance update for the quarter. Thank You.  
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Thank you, Kulin, and Kamal bhai. Good afternoon, everyone. I will firstly 
want to congratulate Kulin on taking over as the Chairman.  

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
On operational performance for the first half of the year, H1 FY26 bookings 
stood at Rs. 607 crore compared to Rs. 666 crore in H1 FY25. In Q2, we 
achieved bookings of Rs. 432 crore as against Rs. 464 crore in Q2 FY25. 
However, on a sequential basis, bookings grew 147%. This performance was 
led by strong demand to our newly launched project Arvind Everland in 
Mankol. The project, launched towards the end of quarter, witnessed strong 
traction and generated sales bookings of 954 units amounting to Rs. 400 crore, 
which was 82% of the launched inventory.  This success reaffirms our strong 
brand equity and horizontal leadership in the Gujarat market.  
Collections stood at Rs. 427 crore in H1 FY26 as against Rs. 497 crore last 
year. While Q2 collections were at Rs. 236 crore as against Rs. 263 crore last 
year, on a sequential basis quarterly collections improved by 23%.  
Now moving from operational updates to the financial highlights, in H1 we 
have reported revenue of Rs. 242 crore as against Rs. 340 crore last year. H1 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 55.5 crore as against Rs. 91 crore last year. And PAT 
amounted to Rs. 30 crore as against Rs. 47 crore last year.  
In Q2 we reported a revenue of Rs. 140 crore as against Rs. 266 crore last year; 
while on sequential basis it grew 38%. Q2 EBITDA stood at Rs. 31 crore as 
against Rs. 83 crore last year, and an increase of 27% QoQ.  PAT for the quarter 
amounted to Rs. 18 crore as against Rs. 43 crore last year, and a growth of 51% 
QoQ.  
Our balance sheet position remains strong despite expanding operations, our 
net debt was negative at Rs. (32) crore as on Sep 30, 2025 from a negative net 
debt of around Rs. (50) crore as on June 30, 2025. A crucial parameter in real 
estate reflecting the underlying business performance quite well is the 
operating cash flows. During the half year operating cash flows amounted to 
Rs. 152 crore. During the quarter operating cash flows grew 4% YoY and 
368% QoQ to Rs. 125 crore. Further, we estimate an unrealized operating cash 
flow exceeding Rs. 4,110 crore coming from the current pipeline of projects. 
Looking ahead, from a sectoral perspective, the momentum within the mid 
income and premium housing segments continues to be strong, underpinned 
by healthy buyer sentiment and rising preference for quality developers with 
strong execution track records. We see multiple structural drivers including 
low interest rates, improving affordability, government focus on housing and 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
infrastructure, and rising disposable incomes, shaping the next phase of real 
estate growth in India. We believe that the current environment offers an 
excellent platform to build on our operational momentum and create long-term 
value for all stakeholders. 
Our asset-light model driving Joint Development Agreements for horizontal & 
vertical developments provides us with agility and scalability while ensuring 
capital efficiency and consistent cash flow generation. We are confident of 
maintaining a healthy pace of project additions, in line with the momentum of 
the past couple of years. Supported by a strong balance sheet, proven execution 
capabilities and growing brand visibility we remain well-positioned to sustain 
our growth trajectory through FY26 and beyond.  
Thank you, and we can now open the floor for question and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
My first question is the launches which are lined up for second half? And what 
are the stages at which they are? That's my first. Second is on BD. BD, we've 
just closed Baroda, and we were guiding for closer to Rs. 4,000 crore, Rs. 
5,000-odd crore. So how are we placed as far as BD is concerned? And my last 
question is on execution. How should one look at the execution for this year? 
These are the 3 questions from my side. 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Shreyans, and very good questions. So to come to the first one, from a launch 
perspective, Shreyans, we have a very healthy pipeline for H2. In H1, as we 
know, we've already launched one project, which I mentioned, Arvind 
Everland. And now when we are looking at H2, we have a very good pipeline. 
 
We are looking at four projects to five projects we are working on approvals 
simultaneously. So like we had earlier mentioned that there are two projects in 
Bangalore that we are very advanced stage in terms of approval on. So those 
are the projects that we are looking at launching in quarter 3, quarter 4. We 
have also added Baroda as a new project. So, we are actually targeting to 
launch Baroda in the current financial year. So, we are targeting to launch that 
also in quarter 4 in the current year. We continue to work on our Mumbai 
project, Pen-Khapoli, which is also currently looking for a quarter 4 launch 
from our perspective. Other than this, we are also working on our industrial 
project, which we are looking at launching in Q4. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
So we have a very healthy pipeline of about 4 projects to 5 projects that we are 
working on, and that gives us good confidence on achieving our sales guidance 
for the current year. So these projects are a little lopsided towards H2 in the 
current year context. But from December onwards, we are seeing these projects 
coming to the market. So that is on the launch. 
 
On BD, again, excellent momentum. So, we have a great pipeline. We have 
already announced one project, which Kamal Bhai referred to in Baroda. And 
we are very confident. We have a good pipeline in all the three markets that 
we are focused on, so whether it is Mumbai, Bangalore and Gujarat market. 
So, we have a very healthy pipeline. And we do see a strong chance that we 
will be aiming that Rs. 4,000 crore guidance that we have given at the start of 
the year. Having said this, in BD, we always continue to be opportunistic. So 
depending on the right deals, the number can be around that particular range. 
But today, the pipeline gives us confidence of meeting the guidance that we 
have given on the BD front. 
 
On execution, we are doubling down. So, Kulin Bhai also referred to Dharmesh 
also coming on board. We have strengthened our team. So, there's a lot of focus 
going on execution so that we can increase our speed in H2. And now these are 
the best months that we also get in our industry from an execution perspective 
with monsoon and the festive season behind us. So we are very confident in 
H2, our execution is going to be extremely strong, and we have accordingly 
strengthened our team, our processes to move in this particular direction. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure. That was helpful. So as far as my understanding is, we are trying to 
indicate that the launches would be towards fourth quarter or probably towards 
3Q end. Is that the understanding? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Yes. So, we are currently, like you said, working on multiple projects. And 
you're right. So we see approvals coming in around from November, December 
onwards. So most of the launches should be in this particular window of next 
6 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Srivastava: from B&K Securities. 
Amit Srivastava: 
So, my first question is to Kulin Bhai. So, he has highlighted in the opening 
remarks that we are in the last couple of quarters in a transformation of business 
where he has mentioned that some of the CXO level hiring has happened. So 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
just wanted to understand more in detail that what are the changes in processes 
is going to happen other than the people which has got hired? 
 
And how this will get controlled in terms of the BD from the centralized 
Ahmedabad operation or it is the city level execution and BD will happen? 
How the overall scheme of things will change after this transformation? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
I think let me try and just step back for a second. I think one of the things that 
is at the core of our way of building this company moving forward is to say 
that we need a combination of agility and control. I think in real estate, both of 
those are very critical because there are a lot of moving pieces. And still there 
are many decisions which have very large impact financially. So agility and 
control are both extremely critical. And that is why the core organizational 
design where we say we have got very strong functional heads at a center. But 
we also have an entire city-led organization where you, in a sense, have a city 
business head who is running like almost a small version of a city P&L to drive 
the last-mile decision-making and to ensure that level of agility and controls is 
there. That's the big shift which we have executed in our business. And so we 
have very capable strong leaders in our two existing markets, and we will have 
the same sort of organizational approach to the Mumbai market where we are 
very keen to build a long-lasting business. So I think in the last couple of 
quarters, we have moved to this new way of doing things, and I'm very happy 
with the trend lines and the way I'm seeing benefits of moving in this direction.  
I think the second bit is how we have strengthened the leadership of this 
company. And I think the first very, very exciting thing for us is Priyansh being 
with us. I mean he's knowledge of executing at scale and seeing what real scale 
in this industry looks like is a great asset for this company. His familiarity, of 
course, with one of the largest markets where we intend to be a material player 
is fantastic.  
And also, it goes to the third part of what your question indicated, which was 
on processes. I think Priyansh is now designing his way of driving processes 
and flow in this company. And on the back of that, he has great senior talent 
that is joining the company. So I think our philosophy generally in businesses 
where we are expecting hyperscale is to invest ahead of time and ensure the 
best talent comes together, the best sort of teams come together. And then we'll 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
invest ahead of time to build this into a very exciting platform in the real estate 
space. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Okay. helpful. My next question is on operations side. So we have a very good 
unsold inventory of ongoing projects, but we noticed that sustenance sales have 
been relatively slower in the last couple of quarters. 
 
And in fact, in some of the projects, there is a cancellation also visible. So 
could you share what's driving this trend? You have observed any moderation 
in ground level demand or a change in customer sentiment? What is happening 
actually on the sustenance side? How do you see this going ahead? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Right, Amit. And I think Amit is a very fair observation and something we are 
also conscious of. So to tell you very frankly, Amit, I think sustenance sales 
for the quarter were not something which we are very excited about. We did 
feel we could have done better. But we actually made a strategic choice on 
focusing on Everland to make it a very large success. And if you see Everland, 
I think it was slightly unique from perspective because at least the feedback we 
had from the market was probably not most robust for everyone and a lot of 
other developers gave that particular feedback. So we wanted to double down 
in terms of our effort plus Everland was smaller ticket sizes. So it required us 
to sell about 900 units to achieve this kind of booking value. 
 
So we frankly focus a lot very heavily on ensuring the launch succeeded. That 
required some diversion of resources to be frank, in terms of ensuring this 
launch was successful. And that reflected probably in sustenance being slightly 
weaker than usual. But we are very confident that this quarter onwards, 
sustenance will pick up. And I also mentioned that now we are seeing most of 
the approvals coming probably November onwards. So we are also seeing this 
as an opportunity to ramp up our sustenance number. So quarter 3, we are fairly 
confident with the teams fully mobilized on the sustenance projects. We expect 
momentum to pick up. At the same time, we are also gradually expanding 
teams to ensure that we are able to handle multiple launches and multiple 
sustenance activities at the same time. 
 
So going forward, we do feel we'll be a lot more consistent. So it's not a 
function of, I would say, market not reacting positively to us. I think it's been 
a little more function of where we have actually put our energies and focus in. 
So fairly confident that with quarter 3, we will get this opportunity before the 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
launch approvals start coming in quickly from November onwards, we can use 
this window. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Okay. Great. So last question on MMR market. We have always a big plan for 
the MMR. So -- but after the Khopoli project, we have not heard anything. So 
would you prefer to first accept the response of Khopoli project launch before 
committing further -- or already we are evaluating more projects and it's a more 
matter of time, which we'll see the scale up which will happen after Mumbai 
market? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
I think, Amit, again, Mumbai remains a very, very attractive market. And if I 
may say, probably I also have an emotional attachment beyond the numbers 
considering I would like to say I'll probably understand that market fairly well. 
So we are looking at the market. We are even evaluating other assets. So it's 
not linked to the Pen-Khopoli launch. We are looking at multiple assets. 
 
Having said this, our framework in terms of choosing assets is very, very 
specific. So we are creating a funnel right now. And from the funnel, the deals 
that meet our criteria, we are fairly sure that they are going to come in over the 
subsequent few quarters, which we will be able to share. So not linking it to 
Pen-Khopoli, of course, that will further increase our confidence once we have 
done that particular launch. Having said this, at the same time, we continue to 
evaluate deals. At the same time, Mumbai can be sometimes a very, very risky 
market if you don't understand risk well. So we are very particular about the 
kind of partnership we want to get into the kind of assets we choose. So that 
particular process is currently ongoing. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Okay. And last, just a clarification on Surat project, what is the status of that 
project? Is it in development? Or what is the current trend? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. Surat, as we know, is a project that we are very excited about. Surat as 
part of our overall strategy, geographical expansion strategy is a location which 
is Ahmedabad plus 1 for us. And this project has taken a little longer than what 
we would have otherwise anticipated and what our track record has been. But 
we are working on it. As of now, things are moving, but at a slower pace. And 
we realize that.  
In fact, the whole effort which went into Baroda also was a result of something 
where we said, okay, Ahmedabad plus 1 has to hit the ground while we are 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
solving and we are moving and progressing on Surat, and that's why this great 
project in Baroda has taken shape, and we are very confident that this should 
actually be getting launched in next quarter or next quarter for sure within this 
financial year. 
 
But having said, Surat should come on track. We should be able to launch it 
this year, and we are resolving and solving some of the approvals and revenue 
issues, which are there in the project per se. But to compensate Baroda possibly 
will play a very important role in the medium term, so to say. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Yes. So, based on this four projects to five projects we are going to launch in 
H2, so are we still maintaining 30% presales growth guidance for this year 
because first half, we are on lower side like-to-like basis? That is the first 
question. And secondly, for the new business development, are we going 
towards ownership or more kind of JDA or what kind of investment we are 
looking from our side for the full year? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Right. Dhananjay, from a sales perspective, largely, we are pretty confident of 
meeting our guidance. And H1, like you said, probably if you do an exact 
division of the fourth quarter looks slightly slower. But if you see quarter 2 
onwards, our run rate is now getting close to the required run rate to hit the 
guidance of 30%, 35% that we had given at the start of the year. So fairly 
confident that we should be able to meet the guidance. And if you see one thing 
that gives us greater confidence, our absorption on the launch percentage is 
actually very, very strong. So with the 82%, that was actually 3 days, 4 days is 
what we got in the September quarter. So that absorption was corresponding 
to the last week of September itself. So considering that, we are fairly confident 
with these launches coming in that we should be able to meet the guidance that 
we have given from a sales front. So don't see any risk there right now. 
 
On the second part, the assets that we are looking at, like you said earlier, we 
will continue to look at a mix of ownership and JDA both as a company 
strategy. So JDA asset-light has always been our focus. So that will continue 
to be the focus. Having said this, today, we are in a situation where we have a 
lot of cash sitting in our books, and we have opportunity to deploy more money 
in deals. So deals that are coming in, we are evaluating them on a select basis. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
So if the deals are very, very lucrative and we feel there is merit in considering 
them on an outright basis, we are currently more open to that particular 
scenario as well. But having said this, we'll continue with our strategy on mix 
so that we are able to maintain our margin and profit percentages accordingly. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naysar Parikh: from Native Investment 
Managers. 
Naysar Parikh: 
My question is I just wanted to understand given our current whatever project 
mix that we are doing, from a collection perspective, generally, how should we 
think about it at launch, what percentage collection do we get? And then year 
1, year 2, year 3, how does that collection percentage generally trend? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, I mean, in our portfolio, we have a little heavier product mix centered 
around horizontal projects, which are generally either plotting projects or villa 
projects. And then we obviously have vertical projects. The cash flows vary to 
a significant extent and horizontal has been quicker in generating cash. 
 
So on a very, very broad basis, horizontal projects are projects which are sold 
over a period of maybe 1.5 years, 2 years to 3 years maximum. That's what has 
been the track record for us. And payment terms have been generally 2 years 
to 2.5 years. So what we generally would believe and assume is a total 
collection cycle of around 3 years for a midsized plotting project. 
 
For a large project, it will obviously go into different phases like the project at 
Kalyangarh, which is called Arvind Aqua City. So each of the phase will be 
big enough to be qualifying as a phase as a project and accordingly, it will have 
those kind of time lines. Vertical projects typically will have a 48 months of 
total execution cycle. And generally, we end up selling 95% to 100% by the 
time project gets completed and hence, the payment cycles are like that. Having 
said that, at the launch, we generally would target 30% to 40% inventory to be 
sold in a vertical scenario. And we are ending up selling more than 70%, 80% 
in case of horizontal ones. I'm talking about either a project if it is midsized or 
a phase if it is part of a very large project that we sell. These are actual numbers 
achieved. From a business planning point of view, if we sell 40% in a 
horizontal project at the launch, that's considered to be good. We obviously are 
far exceeding that number as a track record in the last 3, 4 projects. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Understood. Okay. Got it. That's helpful. So related question was that... As a 
result, if we look at collection rate as bookings generally grow would be and 
every year, your construction is increasing. So typically, year-on-year 
collections with new bookings and construction growing should just increase, 
right? Why will we see a dip in collections like we are seeing in H1? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, great question, but very simple to answer. If we are growing in terms of 
fresh sales to the extent of 30% to 40%, 35%, obviously, everything has to 
move in that direction. Quarter-on-quarter, there can be variability because 
comparatively, we are a smaller base company. But then, of course, within a 
block of 2 years or thereabouts, if you were to add up and see what is the 
trajectory in any given number, it could be sales, it could be collections, it 
could be free cash, it could be construction expenses, etcetera, etcetera. 
 
They all are supposed to be moving in tandem and they are moving in tandem, 
except for the quarter-on-quarter, some variability, which is obviously 
expected. So if we are growing by 30%, 35% last 4 years, 5 years, everything 
will fall in place and everything is falling in place accordingly. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Yes. But I mean, just for H1, our collection is around some 15-odd percent, 
right, 6-month period. So will H2 compensate for it? Or is there some delay in 
construction somewhere? What is it that is causing that 15% decline? Because 
logically, it's a bit difficult to understand that. 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure, sure. So as I said, this is quarter-on-quarter variability and some bit of it 
will also kind of flow into half versus half, etcetera. In fact, within the first 
half, if you see the numbers and compare them between quarter 1 and quarter 
2, you'll see a lot of difference. The free cash flows in quarter 1 was just about 
Rs. 25 crore and the last quarter is more than Rs. 125 crore. So it's just adding 
up to Rs. 150 crore, which is a decent run rate that we would have otherwise 
achieved. And for the year, then this trend should continue, I mean, in general. 
But ignoring these variabilities across individual quarters and all, the growth 
rate of 25% to 30% in fresh sales and accordingly, collections is expected, and 
we should end the year like that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth: from One Up Financial 
Products and Solutions. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, a couple of questions. Firstly, you mentioned about 4, 5 launches in H2. 
Can you guide us for the total GDV of these projects? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Right. So Ritwik, I think the projects that we're talking about includes Baroda, 
two projects in Bangalore and I think Mumbai. So put together, I think we are 
looking at from a launch perspective, while the approval for the inventory 
could be slightly more, we're just thinking might be close to about Rs. 3,000 
crore of stock that we might want to put in the market. 
 
There's a possibility because Pen-Khopoli and the industrial, these are very 
large projects. So I'm thinking we may actually want to do a phase-wise 
launches. So approximately, I would say between Rs. 2,500 crore to Rs. 3,000 
crore what we are looking to, I would say, bring to the market. Approval could 
be for slightly more. And just to reclarify, we have already brought this Mankol 
launch in the market. That is approximately Rs. 490 crore of inventory, which 
has already been launched from our guidance perspective. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Got it. So launches of Rs. 3,000 crore to Rs. 3,500 crore for FY26? Got it. 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Yes. Close to Rs. 3,000 crore. That's correct. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Yes. So on BD, you mentioned that we are looking to add Rs. 4,000 crore. So 
will this slow down if we are unable to launch any of these targeted projects? 
Or this is completely independent of the launches? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So Ritwik, I think completely independent of launches because in BD the intent 
is actually more long term. These are very strategic decisions that we take. So 
they are not dependent on probably one approval delay. And our industry is 
such that regulatory timelines can slightly be unpredictable. While, of course, 
we want very high level of certainty as far as possible. But a quarter here or 
there is something that we have to always learn to live with. And BD is a more 
strategic decision, so it's not linked to these launches. And currently, our 
balance sheet remains very healthy. So, we definitely want to ensure that we 
lock the future supply at the right terms. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Right, right. And what amount do we expect to spend on these BD in FY26? 
Kamal Singal: 
So Ritwik, I mean, this is a great question. BD is generally supposed to be a 
function of 2 things. One is the lens that you want to apply on the deals which 
are coming our way. And we have been having a little finer lens as compared 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
to what generally would have been applied in the industry, and that's very 
visible in our portfolio historically. So that's one. So we continue to apply this 
finer lens. 
 
The second, obviously, is the availability of funds. So today, the company is 
debt free. We obviously can take very, very easily Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 400 
crore of debt on our books. Internal accruals are very healthy. We have been 
generating Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 400 crore, out of which Rs. 150 crore generated 
already in the first half. So that money is available to us. 
 
And HDFC platform today is totally paid back. Today, there is no outstanding 
as far as HDFC platform is concerned, but that money on tap is available. So 
funding side is pretty comfortable. In fact, we are a little underinvested at this 
point in time, and we've got catch-up to do on that front. So to that extent, all 
these 2 factors are in place.  
And hence, BD is an independent engine which is firing and we're supposed to 
be firing irrespective of what is happening on the sales side or the launch side. 
That is very, very clear in our case. 
 
And coming back to how much of funds that we intend to deploy, back of the 
envelope tells us that a debt of around Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 400 crore is easily 
doable given the size of the balance sheet as we speak right now. We might be 
-- rather we'll be generating Rs. 150 crore to Rs. 200 crore more coming from 
the operations side from here onwards. And we are sitting on some surplus 
cash already. So all that gives us a headroom of investing anything between 
Rs. 600 crore to Rs. 700 crore in addition to HDFC platform. HDFC platform 
obviously is competitively a higher cost kind of option. And that in the pecking 
order is the last unless we exhaust our internal and this debt, which is a very 
low-cost debt supposed to be in single digit, we exhaust that. HDFC obviously 
will remain behind the curve. But having said that, Rs. 700-odd crore without 
HDFC plus HDFC is something that we have funds availability in terms of 
investing to create this pipeline of around Rs. 4,000 crore for the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Pathak from Emkay Global. 
Harsh Pathak: 
First of all, congratulations, Kulin Bhai for your elevation and also extending 
best wishes to Amit for his appointment as the CFO. So my first question is on 
the lines of the recent BD that we did in the Vadodara market. So we 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
understand that earlier, we had additions in Ahmedabad and Surat, which are 
driving real estate residential markets, particularly in Gujarat. So how do we 
view Vadodara and overall Gujarat with perspective of addition of new cities, 
how do we view Gujarat market structurally? 
Amit Chamaria:          Thank you.  
Kamal Singal: 
So I mean, yes, there are 2 ways that we look at Vadodara as a market. One is 
it is Ahmedabad plus 1 for us. So we look at Ahmedabad as a market, which is 
one of the most promising market, expanding growing from multiple kind of 
points of view. There are triggers which keep coming. We talked about 
Sabarmati, -- we talked about GIFT City. We talked about bullet train. We just 
talked about Commonwealth now and potentially and hopefully, Olympics at 
the end of everything else. So all these triggers are not only impacting 
Ahmedabad as a market, but generally speaking, Gujarat is doing absolutely 
great in terms of creating employment, creating this positive sentiment, 
etcetera, etcetera. And this is very clearly reflecting in good quality products 
which are being offered in this market. We see Baroda to be a vicinity to 
Ahmedabad, and that's why it's truly deserving a status of Ahmedabad plus one 
to be called as. And hence, it's not very, very different from what we do in 
Ahmedabad. Horizontal has been our forte in the city of Ahmedabad and 
Gujarat. We have done some of the best known and acknowledged projects and 
products in this state. And that expertise, obviously, we are going to be 
replicating in Baroda. 
 
Baroda, from the consumer segmentation point of view, offering point of view, 
from the point of view of pricing, etcetera, is very similar to what an 
Ahmedabad premium is. In fact, Baroda is now growing very, very fast. I 
mean, especially on the industrial side with the newer and newer industries 
being set up, sectoral performance that you see there and the momentum that 
the cities is now showing is quite different from what it used to be a decade 
back for that city. Otherwise, Baroda was supposed to be laid back more like a 
retirement city a decade back. But today, it's very, very vibrant. We have seen 
some of the projects that are happening. But at the same time, it offers a great 
opportunity for a brand like us to be there. I mean 90% of the market is 
occupied by local developers there and a brand coming as good and as 
acknowledged like Arvind should make a lot of sense to everybody. And 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
hence, we treat this market as very, very strategic and very, very promising for 
us. So it can give us very consistent volumes and value going forward. 
Harsh Pathak: 
That's helpful. So my other question is on resource hiring since you highlighted 
that we had a launch this quarter and some resources had to be diverted. So to 
ensure that our sustainable sales also moves at a healthy pace, are we planning 
for some resource hiring? And how do we ensure that the inventory gets 
liquidated in a fair amount of time? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Yes. So I think, Harsh, like I said, we are augmenting the team so that we are 
able to handle the growing scale that we are looking at and multiple launches 
in a quarter. So you're right, we are expanding the team. So that is on in all the 
markets that we are operating. And of course, Bangalore and Gujarat, we are 
expanding faster because this is where all the inventory is currently available. 
So we're confident from with that perspective, we should be able to meet our 
sustenance as well as launch guidance that we are looking at from a year 
perspective. 
Kamal Singal: 
Just to add to what Priyansh is saying today, from the point of view of building 
up organization both qualitatively and quantitatively, I think there are some 
very, very -- I mean, tangible actions being taken, and we are seeing progress 
every day. As it was just said, 2 CXO level positions have come, but that's 
something which is visible to the outside world. What is happening below these 
levels is even more important. We are very eagerly strengthening our Level 2, 
the mid-managers and senior mid-managers. And that number itself has gone 
up and it's going up consistently. And it's all very, very thought through. It's all 
upfront, and we are investing ahead of its time. So that's very clear.  
And Priyansh coming into the team means that we have now got a view from 
outside in terms of how to scale up and how and what kind of build-up we need 
if the aspiration is to continue to grow 35%, 40% going forward, what will it 
mean? And he's seen that cycle through. So all this is becoming very clear to 
all of us that the first challenge that we have that we need to focus on is to build 
the team upfront, and that's where the focus has been. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Sir, any timelines we have in mind on till when we are expecting to liquidate 
the inventory because in some of the projects like Aqua City and Adroda, we 
had a very stellar launch, but sustenance has been slow. And there is a 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
significant inventory lying in there. So any time lines by when we are expecting 
to liquidate a significant portion of that inventory? 
Kamal Singal: 
So Aqua City and Adroda are kind of projects that are called LTVCs in our 
scheme of things. LTVC is a long-term value creation project. These are the 
projects which are spanning into more than, say, 600 acres, 700 acres. They 
obviously will have to be phased out very carefully. And while we phase them 
out, more and more projects are supposed to be coming, not in the exact same 
vicinity, but at a distance, which is not too far. 
 
For example, Everland when it was launched this quarter, it is possibly as the 
crow flies not more than 15 kilometers in the same direction. So to that extent, 
we are timing and juggling and seeing which micro market, what kind of 
inventory we should be releasing. So this is a very careful assessment of when 
and how much to release inventory from the existing options, especially within 
the long-term value creation while we keep optimizing newer and finer micro 
markets within the bigger chunk, so to say. that extent, these kind of projects 
will keep happening. They will be more and more phase will keep coming. 
And sustain, obviously, sustenance has to fire a little better, as Priyansh also 
said in his initial comments, and that's something which is a focus area for us. 
Harsh Pathak: 
That's helpful. And my last question is on MMR market. So what kind of GDV 
are we into active discussions and which are the micro markets within MMR 
that we are very actively looking at or maybe our go-to-market? 
 
And what's the size of the project? Because earlier, we understand we were 
focusing on the Rs. 500 crore to Rs. 1,000 crore of project size. Any revision 
there? And what kind of projects are we looking at? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Right. So, Harsh, I think from a focus perspective, that Rs. 500 crore to Rs. 
1,000 crore that continues to be our preferred size and scale of the project to 
look at right now. From a segment perspective, generally, most of the projects 
that we are evaluating are, I would say, upwards of Rs. 25,000, Rs. 30,000 per 
square foot on the carpet area. So that is what we have tried to define as the 
segment that we want to play in. 
 
In Arvind brand actually resonates very strongly. So the feedback that I've 
actually got from people and when we've been speaking to landowners, 
considering a very large base of people who are closely connected to Gujarat 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
in the Mumbai market, and they have a very good understanding of the Arvind 
Group there. So we're getting a lot of positive traction. So we are trying to 
define a criteria accordingly. Rs. 30,000-plus price point is something we are 
ideally looking at Rs. 500 crore to Rs. 1,000 crore remains the preferred size 
of project. 
 
But having said this, I think there are -- Mumbai is a unique market where you 
have JDAs available, you have different schemes, whether redevelopment, 
SRA, everything. So many other options are available. So if the deal is 
extremely opportunistic where we feel it is meeting all our criteria, we could 
be open beyond this particular range also to evaluate on a case-to-case basis. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Understood. And the JDA under active discussion, if you could highlight? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
They are currently in the range that you mentioned. Those are the ones which 
are currently, I would say, at more advanced stage because that is the pipeline 
that we have been actively focusing on sourcing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Eesha from Axis Securities. 
Eesha: 
First of all, congratulations on a successful launch. I actually had a question on 
sustenance sales, which are have mostly answered. Just an extension on that. I 
wanted to understand, you said most of our launches are happening in quarter 
4. 
 
So are we expecting a slower quarter 3 because our sustenance sales are seeing 
a slug or a laggish behavior. So are we seeing a slower quarter 3 and most of 
our presales being pushed towards quarter 4? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So Eesha, I think, like I said, we are looking approval from November onwards 
is what we're targeting. So we are still targeting to bring some launches in 
quarter 3, if we are able to get secure the approvals in time. Having said this, 
we have about Rs. 2,400 crore of inventory from the current projects. 
 
So that remains a large focus, and we are confident that using this particular 
window, and this is generally a good month, good quarter generally from a 
sales perspective where a lot of auspicious dates come in from a customer 
perspective. So fairly sure that we should be able to push numbers there. And 
if we get a launch which is binary in our industry, then we should be able to 
have a pretty exciting quarter from a number four end perspective. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Eesha: 
Okay. Okay. And by when do we see the function of expanding teams to 
maintain sustenance to kick in? Like how many quarters do we see that it will 
take for it to actually to be implemented? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
See, some of these things are actually something which build out gradually. So 
there is no specific date where one could say everything would be built out. So 
these are things where you build, I would say, quarter-on-quarter, month-on-
month. So of course, my sense is that we should be able to start seeing progress 
from the current quarter itself on putting that particular momentum and effort 
on the inventory. 
 
But these are things that we are quite confident we are going to build over the 
subsequent few quarters coming in. And this is also a function of, it's not only 
about just team hiring. We are actually building our engine in terms of our 
technology, the way we operate our processes. So everything is actually getting 
structured in a way where we are able to balance both launches as well as 
sustenance sales so that there is greater predictability in terms of the numbers 
we are able to hit. 
 
So we are building our systems and processes also accordingly. So this is 
something which I feel we are going to be progressing over the subsequent 
quarters. I'm quite sure we should start seeing some results from the current 
quarter itself, but this is going to be a gradual buildout over the period. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta: from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So my first question is any thoughts on Bangalore plus one because that's a 
market which is really doing well. And second, Kamal Bhai touched upon 
Commonwealth games, which will be coming up in Ahmedabad. So any 
thoughts what sort of demand will it create? Will it more be towards vertical, 
horizontal? And how as an organization, we are placing ourselves? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. I mean Commonwealth is one of those triggers which a city like 
Ahmedabad keeps getting. As I said, there are quite a few others which have 
come in the recent past last few years. And obviously, when an event as 
important as Commonwealth is announced and it gets formalized for a city, it's 
all positive. Apart from the physical need of better facilities and infrastructure, 
I think it's also about the sentiment in the market. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
 
And when I say sentiment, it's about everybody. It's about all stakeholders. It's 
about investors, it's about end consumers, it's about people who want to 
enhance their portfolio, etcetera, etcetera. So this is a great trigger for the city, 
and it's supposed to be bringing some very, very tangible sort of positives in 
terms of what kind of volume, what kind of value, what kind of prices that one 
can expect from the city. 
 
The city is one of the finest in terms of how urban development is planned and 
carried out on ground. And this definitely gives a great feel. So that's as far as 
Commonwealth is concerned, horizontal projects obviously get a very 
significant momentum because of this. 
 
City expansion, most of the infrastructure which comes up happens in the 
outskirts. Obviously, the core portion of the city doesn't have space enough to 
create these large infrastructures. So this does create demand, which is in the 
periphery. 
 
And once peripheries start getting developed, people who have hold over the 
peripheral lands or people who have experience of selling and developing 
peripheral lands, or general projects, they are actually the first beneficiary of 
this kind of development in a city like Ahmedabad. So very excited. This is a 
great positive, and it's up to us to exploit this opportunity to the maximum 
possible extent. 
 
And Arvind, in the context of what we have done and what kind of projects 
and products we brought to this market, this specifically does very well to the 
potential that we can exploit from this. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
All right. Sure. And any thoughts on Bangalore plus 1 because we've pretty 
stabilized in Bangalore. So how should one look at it? 
Kamal Singal: 
So Bangalore plus 1, I mean, Bangalore is a market which is Bangalore plus 
10 in itself. So Bangalore is not Bangalore. Bangalore is like 10 markets put 
together and together called as Bangalore. Each of the micro market is that 
sizable that one can actually have five projects in each of the micro markets, 
and there must be at least 10 in Bangalore. 
 
So Bangalore, we have not, as a developer, even scratched the surface. We 
think there's a huge opportunity in Bangalore to go deeper. We are just about 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
there. We've done some great work. We've demonstrated our capability and 
commitment. We have demonstrated our design language, etcetera, etcetera, 
and that has seen and that has worked. 
 
But having said that, to become really meaningful and visible in Bangalore, I 
think we've got a very, very long way to go. And hence, the mantra is to go 
deeper within the city of Bangalore at this point. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Priyansh Kapoor, CEO of Arvind SmartSpaces 
Limited for closing comments. 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Thank you, everyone, for participating in this earnings call of Arvind 
SmartSpaces.  
The last 3 months have been quite exciting. As I stepped into ASL’s unique 
culture, I have deeply immersed myself in the company’s operations, listened 
actively and thoughtfully from the team, engaged key stakeholders; assessed 
organizational readiness while reinforcing a performance-driven culture. All 
this with a focus on laying a strong foundation for Arvind SmartSpaces’ next 
growth phase. Along with the guidance of Board, we intend to elevate ASL’s 
brand as a trusted, design-led national real estate leader, all geared towards 
sustainable, scalable, and stakeholder-focused growth.  
I hope we have been able to address most of your queries. However, if there is 
anything missed out on any of your questions, kindly reach out to Vikram, and 
he will connect with you offline and clarify and give any further information 
as may be required. Looking forward to interacting with all of you in the 
coming quarter. Thanks for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. Since it is a 
transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has 
been made to ensure a high level of accuracy 
 
