 
 
                                                  
 
 
 
 
  MONEYBOXX FINANCE LIMITED 
                                                                                                                                                                           CIN L30007DL1994PLC260191 
     Registered Office:523-A, Somdutt Chambers-II, 
       9, Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi-110066, lndia 
    
 
 
 
                                               Tel: 01145657452 
        E-mail: info@moneyboxxfinance.com  
        Website: www.moneyboxxfinance.com 
 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051, India 
NSE Symbol: MONEYBOXX 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001, India 
Scrip Code: 538446 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Earnings Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results for the Quarter and 
Half Year ended September 30, 2025 
 
With reference to our intimations dated October 25, 2025, and October 31, 2025 with respect to Investor Earnings 
Conference Call and pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the 
transcript of Investor Earning Conference Call held on October 31, 2025.  
 
The aforesaid intimation is being made available on the Company's website at www.moneyboxxfinance.com
 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For MONEYBOXX FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
Lalit Sharma 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Office- Block A, DLF Building 8, 4th Floor, DLF Cyber City, Gurugram- 122002 Haryana                               
 Head Office- 411-A, Kanakia Wallstreet, Chakala, Andheri Kurla Rd, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400093 
Lalit 
Sharma
Digitally signed 
by Lalit Sharma 
Date: 2025.11.04 
15:40:59 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Moneyboxx Finance Limited Q2 FY-26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – COFOUNDER, MONEYBOXX 
FINANCE 
MR. MAYUR MODI – COFOUNDER, MONEYBOXX 
FINANCE 
MR. VIRAL SHETH – FINANCE CONTROLLER, 
MONEYBOXX FINANCE 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Moneyboxx Finance Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal from Moneyboxx Finance Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Deepak Agarwal. 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. This is Deepak Agarwal, Co-Founder of Moneyboxx 
Finance, and I am delighted to welcome you all to the Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Moneyboxx Finance. 
Joining me on the call today are Mr. Mayur Modi – Co-Founder; and Mr. Viral Sheth, our 
Finance Controller. Before we dive into the details of our performance, I would like to begin by 
briefly touching upon the broader economic environment. 
India's economy remains resilient and is on the growth trajectory with the Reserve Bank of India 
projecting GDP growth of 6.8% in FY '26, driven by gradual increase in domestic demand, rural 
recovery, a strong services sector and monetary easing. Despite U.S. tariffs and geopolitical 
uncertainty, India continues to do better than major economies. 
Inflation shows encouraging signs with retail inflation easing to an 8-year low of 1.5% in 
September, marking 6th straight month below the RBI 4% target. The RBI has responded 
proactively, cutting the repo rate to 5.5% and lowering the cash reserve ratio by 100 basis points, 
shifting its policy stance from accommodative to neutral. 
The rural economy is showing signs of revival, supported by surplus monsoon rains and 
improved agriculture prospects, which are expected to boost Karif sowing and rural 
consumption. 
This positive momentum has been further enforced by government major GST reforms 
implemented from September '22, which simplified tax structure to primary 2 rates of 5% and 
18%, reducing taxes on over 400 items, including daily essentials, food items, Agri Equipments 
and consumer durables. Meanwhile, the NBFC sector is stabilizing, aided by RBI rollback of 
higher risk weights on bank lending and stronger governance across the sector. 
Coming to Moneyboxx Finance: 
At Moneyboxx Finance, our core mission is to support underserved, small and micro 
entrepreneurs. We have now strong pan-India presence with 163 branches across 12 states. Our 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
physical model, a mix of physical branches and digital support, has proven to be both scalable 
and efficient. We are backed today by 30 lenders, including 11 leading banks. 
We are making strategic shifts in our core customer segment to strengthen and diversify our 
portfolio and reduce sector-specific risk exposure. The share of livestock-based disbursements 
has reduced from 64% in Q1 FY '25 to 37% in Q2 FY '26. This is a very significant shift as we 
focus more on non-livestock customers and upper-tier micro enterprises and also diversify our 
portfolio across business segments. 
At the same time, there is a clear shift in our ticket size. Loans with average ticket size of INR 
5 lakhs to INR 10 lakhs have grown fivefold to 60% from 19% in terms of disbursement. This 
reflects our move towards higher-value lending, aimed at improving revenue per loan and 
reaching a more stable credit-worthy customer base. These changes aligned with our goal of 
responsible long-term growth. 
Let's move on to Q2 FY '26 Financial Performance: 
I am pleased to share that our AUM grew by 16% year-on-year, reaching INR 892 crore. This is 
after the ARC, up from INR 769 crore in Q2 FY '25. This includes an on-book portfolio of INR 
693 crores, which constitutes 78% of our AUM and a managed book of INR 199 crores, 
accounting for remaining 22%. On AUM wise states, MP continues to lead, accounting for 
30.6% of our total AUM, followed closely by UP. We recorded disbursements of INR 115 
crores, up 23% from previous quarter.  
Moving ahead, we are strategically shifting our focus towards higher ticket loans of INR 5 lakhs 
and above. while enhancing our portfolio quality. So, you would actually see a reset which is 
happening in terms of when you see the ticket size, in terms of credit bureau score and the 
portfolio mix.  
So, in Q2 FY '26, disbursement to customers with credit bureau score of 650 and above made 
up 72% of our disbursement versus the last year similar number of 50%. This shows our strong 
focus on improving overall credit quality by lending to safer, lower-risk borrowers. 
Now speaking about our successful business transformation towards secured lending, I am happy 
to share that we have made a significant process in this strategic shift. Secured disbursement 
accounted for 69% of total disbursement in Q2 FY '26, which is a substantial rise from 43% in 
Q2 of last year. In fact, even 2/3 of the disbursement in the Unsecured segment is guaranteed 
through an FLDG program. 
So, ideally, going forward, we are almost disbursing 90% of our loan disbursals have some sort 
of security, with 70% into mortgage loans. Our secured loan book now stands at 55% of the total 
AUM as of September '25, up from 32% in Q2 of last year. This shift represents deliberate and 
well-executed move to strengthen our secured portfolio. 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
We confidently target a secured lending share of 70% by March 2026, which we believe will 
play a critical role in ensuring more stable asset quality, long-term portfolio with stronger risk 
mitigation and reduced default rates. 
Moving to our total income, which grew 10% year-on-year, reaching INR 55 crores in Q2, up 
from INR 50 crores in Q2 FY '25. Our profit after tax was INR 0.3 crores as compared to INR 
2.3 crores. The dip is largely due to muted disbursement, but mainly also because of the higher 
credit cost versus last year. 
Turning to cost efficiency: 
Operating expenses as percentage of AUM stood at 12.7%, slightly lower than 12.8% FY '25. 
This is largely a feature of stable AUM. In fact, some decline in AUM versus FY '25. Cost 
optimization is still a key, and we are targeting to bring OPEX down below 10% over the next 
2 years, supported by stronger AUM growth in coming quarters.  
As I have always said, OPEX is more a combination of AUM. As AUM grows, you have a better 
distribution of fixed cost. So, in the initial years, you always have OPEX at a higher level and 
especially in the last 1.5 year or, say, 1 year, the growth has been muted on the AUM front. 
Let's take a look at our lending and borrowing spreads: 
Our average lending IRR stood at 26.4%, which is very decent compared to 29%. The decline is 
primarily driven due to the shift towards secured products. 
On the borrowing side, we have made good progress. Our average borrowing IRR has reduced 
to 12.8% on the average balance sheet level. But incrementally, we are borrowing at 12.1%. In 
fact, the lowest pricing which we got is 10.5% as well, which is from one bank only, but then 
despite the credit cost, we are maintaining around 12% borrowing incremental rate. 
Our average cost of funds stood at 12.8%. And as I said, incrementally stood at 12.1%. We 
expect our cost of funds to gradually decline and move into single digit in line with larger peers 
with favorable regulatory environment, improvement in our credit rating and increase in scale 
of operation. 
Lastly, speaking about our returns on equity stood at 0.4% and return on assets at 0.1%. This is 
largely a feature of higher credit cost and very normalized AUM growth. So, as AUM grows 
and credit costs stabilize, we are expecting to see a significant jump in return on equity and 
return on assets. 
In Q2 FY '26, our on-book gross NPA slightly rose to 3.26% and our on-book NPA increased to 
1.66% versus Q1. This is a significant improvement, largely driven by ARC transaction and 
strengthening of the collection team. And we expect asset quality to improve as slippages 
normalize in coming quarter as the legacy portfolio of unsecured loans is coming down every 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
quarter. And also, we will see legal course of action improving the collection numbers in times 
to come. 
Our provision coverage ratio remains steady at 50%, which reflects our cautious and balanced 
approach to risk management. Credit cost for H1 declined marginally to 3.02%, in line with the 
improvement in asset quality. 
Talking about collections: 
Overall collection efficiency stood at 92.5%. Though there are some minor fluctuations, we have 
worked hard to improve our collection system to keep things stable and ensure better recovery. 
Hiring leadership at all levels and a strategic shift in manpower reflects enhanced organizational 
structuring to support business goals and operational efficiencies. 
About the capital raise, we raised a total equity of INR 175.8 crores, of which about INR 84.72 
crores need to come by March of 2026. We are very hopeful that this will be on track and will 
be received well before time. And current CRAR stands at 27.1%, which is again a healthy ratio. 
Further, I am happy to announce that the Board has approved its second bonus issue, allotment 
of shares in the ratio of 1:1. So, we did a bonus issue like 6 years back, wherein for every 10 
shares, we issued 1 bonus share. This time, it is 1:1. 
We, as a Board believe that this is one way to reward shareholders, especially seeing that in the 
last 1 year, while the valuations have declined very significantly, our net worth remains on track. 
So, in the last 1 year, when I see that, yes, the profit has been compromised, mainly due to 
provisioning, but we have remained profitable. Considering the environment at the lower end of 
MFI, we stood at a strong ground and taken very, very significant steps to change the portfolio 
where we saw that weakness is coming. 
Our liability mix is now well diversified, 43% from debt capital market. This is one area where, 
again, Moneyboxx get a very good response. So, we are now very large retail base of lenders 
through NCDs, 28% each from BIs and banks. We also maintained a strong liquidity buffer of 
INR 97 crores as of September 30. 
I would just like to mention here that in the last 5 transactions which we got INR 34 crores from 
SBI, then we got from RBL, Kotak, Suryoday and a INR 40 crore fundraise NCD from UB. So, 
the liquidity remains at strong levels, and there is a very strong support from lenders. 
We successfully launched our proprietary Cattle AI solution in March '25, demonstrating our 
strong focus on deploying emerging technologies. This we expect is a very successful 
technology at ground level, and it will help us maintaining a strong portfolio in the future. 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
This cutting-edge technology is a major step in digitizing and automating cattle verification for 
secure gold lending. It helps us uniquely identify cattle, prevent duplicate funding and even 
predict the animal age through images captured right in the field. 
What's more, our real-time app works even in offline environment, making it faster and more 
efficient for field teams and ensuring quicker loan approvals for our customers. This innovation 
not only enhances accuracy, but also strengthened risk controls and improve the overall lending 
experience. I personally believe that this is a very good tech, especially identify the key risk 
which were related to cattle funding. 
As we move forward, we remain focused on navigating an evolving global and domestic 
environment. Strengthening collection efficiency is a key priority, supported by rural recovery 
and potential tailwinds like income tax exemptions that boost consumption. 
Our strategy centered on growth on strong underwriting, increased secure lending, lender 
support, higher loan sizes, risk diversification, enhanced leadership team and a broader product 
portfolio is building a more resilient and balanced business model. These pillars are set to 
enhance asset quality, strengthen risk management and drive growth. 
With this, we can now open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nisarg Vora from Riddhi Enterprise. Please go ahead. 
Participant: 
Thank you for this opportunity. Sir, first of all, I wanted to understand the quality of our 
customers when we move to secured lending. And you also mentioned that in the past, we have 
had 50% of our customers above credit bureau score of 650. So, how has that behavior been in 
the past? And any guidance on the asset quality on the secured side in terms of credit cost? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
So, one, I would say is that at the overall level, our secured portfolio is doing much better than 
the unsecured portfolio, and especially the new book, which is getting made. So, initially, when 
we started secured lending, especially our customer base was very similar, which is MFI Plus-
Plus. 
The customer, although we took the property, but still our customer was carrying some MFI 
loans. Now what is happening with the new book, which is coming up, I would give you one 
number that in June last year, 50% of our borrower had 1 or 2 loans from MFI. Now that base 
in June 2025 has reduced to 29%. 
So, what we wanted to say is that we are moving that customer quality in terms of one ticket 
size, in terms of the history, in terms of track record, the quality of collateral, the income scenario 
for the customer. So, that ways the quality is improving. 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
So, what we saw in last 1 and 1.5 years is that MFI suffered most after the guardrails or 
overleverage. And all the MFI you see have numbers which really suffered versus like 2 years 
back or last 1 year. But players who were like above those categories, secured category with 
INR 10 lakh and above they have still managed well reasonably in terms of delinquency. 
So, that's what we wanted to say, and the numbers are really good. So, the portfolio which we 
build in 6 states, South, Bihar and Gujarat, the delinquency level there is very, very marginal. 
Maybe a couple of clients and maybe you can count on fingers, that kind of number in the entire 
6 states, which have moved to NPA, maybe 2 or 3 customers. 
Participant: 
Got it, sir. And sir, my second question was, one thing I was not able to understand was that 
despite the ARC transaction, why have the credit costs been on the higher end for this quarter? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Credit cost has declined a bit, but see, ARC is for the past portfolio. So, what we sold in ARC 
was in the NPA accounts or the write-off accounts. Credit cost relates to moving of incremental 
portfolio to NPA. So, if you have to compare, you look at we had a GNPA of 7-point-some 
percentage in Q1, which has now reduced to 3-point something. So, that GNPA has definitely 
reduced, because of the ARC transaction, but credit cost reflects the incremental flows. 
Participant: 
Got it, sir. And sir, one last question was that with the increasing quality of our portfolio, it will 
be difficult to get more and more borrowers. So, does growth and profitability guidance change 
with the quality of portfolio? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
I don't think so, Nisarg. See, the market size is very, very large. So, the larger market in India is 
for the secured loans. But today, yes, market in general for all the lenders across the board is 
relatively tighter. 
So, things will start improving, and we are seeing some clues. So, Q2 was better than Q1 and 
Q3 looks much better than Q2. So, things are improving month-on-month and quarter-on-
quarter. But yes, it's not just because of secured lending. It also has to do with the environment. 
But I am saying that whether you see, I have to take names, whether you see Aptus, Aadhar, 
India Shelter, so these have been in the Secured segment or even banks, so they have been 
growing. So, it's not that market is not there. 
Participant: 
Got it, sir. Yes. Thank you for this opportunity. One last request from all the shareholders was 
that if we could continue our initiative of the monthly disclosures that we had earlier for portfolio 
quality, that would be great. Thank you. 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishi from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nishi: 
So, I just had 2 questions. What is the targeted NIM for FY '26? Can you give a guidance on 
that? 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
It will be in the similar range as in the H1, it will be in the 14% plus. 
Nishi: 
Okay. 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
So, around 14%, yes. 
Nishi: 
Also, in the presentation it's mentioned that ROA is 0.1% in H1, but in your preamb mentioned 
that it's 0.4%. So, what is the ROA in H1 FY '26? And what is the guidance for ROA. 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
0.4%. 
Nishi: 
In the presentation its mentioned 0.1%. Is that the… 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
No, 0.1% is ROA in the presentation. 
Nishi: 
Yes. So, ROA is 0.1% right? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Yes. 
Nishi: 
Okay. And for FY '26, what are we targeting? What is the targeted ROA?  
Deepak Aggarwal: 
I think we are not really giving the guidance as of now here. 
Nishi: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
But numbers will be positively better in H2. 
Nishi: 
Okay. Got it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Singh, who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sagar Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have been with you people for, I believe, 2 years now as a 
shareholder. I wanted to know what exactly is the growth strategy that we are following? So, are 
we thinking that we should reach a specific level of secured lending before we gear up? Or are 
we waiting for greater environment, better environment? What exactly are we looking at? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
So, yes, Sagar, in terms of strategy, what we are looking at is that as we have guided as well that 
in terms of secured lending, we are targeting a 70% AUM in secured lending for FY '26, then 
80% by next year and say, 80%, 85%. So, largely, in terms of strategy, we will be a secured 
lender. That's one part. 
In terms of business segments, we will be a diversified player over the next 2 years. So, while 
in the past, cattle loans had the majority, like 2/3 share, this will come down to below 40% in 
the next 2, 2.5 years. So, that's another thing. 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
The third thing is that portfolio will move up above INR 3 lakhs. So, more and more, you would 
see that the secured lending will be all above INR 3 lakh. So, one is in terms of ticket size.  
The fourth thing is that in terms of bureau score, you will see that this uptick will happen. Now 
already we have 72% of the base into 650 plus. It could move to 80% plus. And it will be more 
of a long-term funding. Other than the cattle loans, secured loans are largely for 10 years, so 
which gives us a lot of stickability and portfolio which stays on the book. So, that's one part in 
terms of strategy. 
When it comes to, you are saying that whether we want to just first convert the portfolio and not 
grow. No, Sagar, that is not the strategy. But I am saying that market is such that by remaining 
selective, with RCU checks, with multiple things happening, it's the growth or the availability 
of transaction is not that large in the market for the time being and which happens. It happens 
every 5, 6 years. So, that is the time we are going through. But incrementally, things are 
improving. 
So, while we are very significantly focused on the asset quality and changing the business 
structure, we have equal focus on improving the AUM. So, we are really trying hard to grow the 
portfolio as well. 
And definitely, we are targeting over 25% growth to maybe 30% growth at least in the coming 
year as well in terms of AUM growth. So, 25% to 30% Y-o-Y growth will definitely happen. 
So, that remains the target. So, it's not that constant AUM. So, that's not the thing. I hope I have 
clarified. 
Sagar Singh: 
Yes, as far as that is concerned, I stand clarified. What I also wanted to ask was when we will 
be receiving the warrant conversion. I am actually looking for equity raise in the next 2, 3 
quarters? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Yes. So, the most important part now is the warrant raise. So, we have to bring it before 12th of 
March. Definitely, our intention is to bring it much before that. So, you will see warrant starts 
coming in between December and February. So, that's the first target, because that's the INR 80 
crore which is required, and that gives adequate comfort for this year AUM. 
While doing that, talks will be on, in terms of, raising new funds. So, I am not sure about next 2 
quarters, but definitely in next 12 months, we will be looking for a larger round. 
Sagar Singh: 
Okay. And what is the AUM? What is the other target we are looking at by March '27? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
March '27, internally, what we are targeting is INR 1,800 crores plus. 
Sagar Singh: 
Okay. And 80% of it is secured, right? 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
80% is secured. It could be even more, but minimum 80% secured. As I said that even now, 90% 
of the disbursement is in the secured category. 70% is going in the mortgage loan and another 
20% going through FLDG guarantee by one of the foundations, where it is a 3.3% first loss fees 
guarantee. 
Sagar Singh: 
Okay. Thank you for answering my questions. Sir, looking forward to meet next quarter again. 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shekhar Gupta, who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shekhar Gupta: 
I just wanted to understand, first of all, good to see the number declining in terms of provisions. 
Like what can we expect in the next 2 to 4 quarters on the credit cost or NPA? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Shekhar. Shekhar, so numbers are stabilizing definitely. As I said, that's the new 
portfolio, which we have built over the last 18 months is performing much, much better. And 
incrementally, costs will settle down. So, we still believe that credit cost for FY '26 will be in 
the range of 3%, 3.5% lower than the last year, but still in the 3-ish kind of range. And post that, 
it should start improving. 
We are seeing the numbers stabilizing definitely. And I think month-on-month, quarter-on-
quarter numbers will improve. Also, because see, now the new book is more and more secured. 
So, the efficiency are anyway better, much better there. So, what all the negatives, whether it is 
overleveraged, so now you would see in all the reports that over-leverage has very, very 
significantly declined even in the MFI segment. 
And there is no negative news from the regulatory side. So, whether in terms of guardrail or any 
increase in risk weightage, so with GST declining. So, I think at least government has realized 
that India is not doing that great in terms at a ground level. So, they have also taken steps. So, 
ideally, there is no reason to believe that things will not improve from here. 
Shekhar Gupta: 
Understood. Thank you. I have one more question. What's the plan on branch expansion? Like 
when did you see that resuming? And is there any guidance that you can give for the rest of the 
year? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Shekhar, we don't have any plans to increase branches at current level, because see we already 
have a pan-India presence with 160 branches. So, what we are looking at now is very 
significantly in terms of controlling our OPEX, and get the number from these branches. 
So, today, when we see the disbursement, we are not happy with the branch productivity levels. 
So, these need to improve. So, steps are taken every month to improve one, the AUM numbers 
and also to improve the quality. 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
What we have achieved very, very significantly is the quality distribution, which are available 
in the numbers, the kind of portfolio, which is coming now. But at the same time, yes, numbers 
need to increase. I think branch extension is not needed at this point of time. So, we really need 
to at least consistently double our disbursement to, say, INR 100 crore monthly level before 
planning for the next expansion. So, it will only happen next year. 
Mayur Modi: 
So, Mayur here, I will just add to this bit. See, I think we have enough distribution already. I 
think the operating leverage has to start kicking in before we plan any further branch expansion. 
Now the existing branch network can fully support both the AUM growth for this year and to a 
large extent next year as well. 
So, I think we have built in that capacity already. I think the focus is making sure that operating 
leverage kicks in, we sweat the assets more. We make sure that each branch contributes the 
business that is expected out of them. I think that's the focus, and Deepak already mentioned that 
this will also help us contain the OPEX. So, I don't think so growth is a problem with the existing 
branch network, just to highlight that. 
Shekhar Gupta: 
Understood. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Maheshwari, who is a shareholder. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Maheshwari: 
Yes. Sir, my basic question is that if you can spend some time on the profile of customers in the 
Secured segment that lending these days compared? And how are they different from the cattle 
owners that were there for the last 3, 4 years that the team has been doing? 
And additionally, you have mentioned that the loans are being given for the tenure of 10 years, 
right, if I am not mistaken. So, how are we just relying on a credit score of 650? How are we 
ensuring the repayments and the ability of a customer to repay such loans over such a long 
duration? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. So, when we do cattle loans, we still do for 5 years. So, even if they are like 
40 cattle and it's a large customer, the loan tenure will be 5 to 6 years only, even in the secured 
cases. 
When I say 10 years, so that's what the market norm is for this customer. So, earlier, when we 
were lending at an average ticket size of INR 3 lakhs, if you see even by March '25, INR 3 lakhs, 
INR 3.5 lakh, now the customer is very different. When we are lending at INR 15 lakh, INR 20 
lakh, these are not just pure assessment-based customers. You will have a customer where we 
are giving, say, INR 25 lakhs, and we are getting a security sometimes of, which is as high as 
worth INR 1.5 crore. Business is strong. Customer has all the GST records. Customer has good 
banking habit. There is an ITR to see. And the business is very stable. 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
So, some of the profiles I could give you is, say, customer having an inventory of INR 50 lakhs, 
INR 60 lakhs in the hardware shop or building material supplies or a grain dealer with INR 30 
lakhs, INR 40 lakhs of inventory or a Raymond shop owner serving gents, females and kids, a 
large showroom. 
So, these are the customers who have very good and multiple income profile and very stable 
businesses. They have good track record of repayments. And the house is good. So, mortgaging 
a property worth most of the time more than INR 40 lakhs, INR 50 lakhs.  
So, for these customers, you have to take that call, because that's the way market is. And it really 
works in any lending for institution, because that's where your portfolio stays. When you do 
unsecured loan, it comes sooner, but every month portfolio declines very significantly. This is 
what does not happen when you build a large 10-year book. 
So, you have a very strong security as well there. When you are giving 10-year loan, so it's a 
city house, RCC structure, worth INR 40 lakhs, INR 50 lakhs. So, there's a strong collateral 
present there and a settled business. 
Mayur Modi: 
Yes. Just to add again, Mayur here. Just to add, see these are door-to-door that we are talking 
about. The behavioral tenor is much, much less. Even let's say, even if you have to do a 
comparison, even for a housing loan, let's say, all the housing finance companies, whilst the 
door-to-door could be 15, 20, 25 years and it is 8 years on an average. So, here also, what we 
are saying is behaviorally, it is going to be much, much lower tenure. Whilst the door-to-door, 
we could be giving between 7, 8, 10 years. But behaviorally, it is not more than 3 to 5 years is 
what we feel. 
Amit Maheshwari: 
Okay, sir. Sir, in extension to that, are we looking at expanding the secured line of products 
beyond property? And the IRR guidance as well, see secured loans, the rate of interest is lower 
compared to an unsecured, by a significant margin, right? So, will the rates on the IRR, because 
at the end the NIMs have to be maintained as well. So, what will be the impact of this transition? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
So, to answer your first question, now we have started also doing salaried LAP. So, earlier, while 
it was only business loans, now we also do loans to customers who have mix of salaried income 
and some business income. So, that is one profile which is added, and it's a large space. 
Coming to your second question, in terms of lowering of yields, I think it is absolutely fine. You 
see the track record. When you charge, yes, in unsecured, you have higher yield, but then you 
have higher OPEX as well, because on an average, a 2-year loan on your book stays for 9 months. 
So, 12 months is anyway is the average period of outstanding. But then you have behavioral 
tenure, which brings it down to 9 months. So, there, the OPEX is high. 
Now consider when you have a 10-year loan, a INR 15 lakh loan, the OPEX is also less. So, one, 
is when you have an entire book of secured lending, your equity levels will be high, because 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
that's the way it works with the secured portfolio, you keep your equity levels also high, because 
of the larger tenure. Second, your cost of borrowing declines and your credit cost declines. 
So, all in all, if you see over a longer period of time, people you will see whether banks are 
lending at 12%, they also make a strong ROE. And even all the lenders which are working on 
an average yield levels of say, if you see some of the better FFBs or large housing finance 
companies, so IRR is around 14%, 15% average, but they can still make a 15% to 20% ROE. 
So, in terms of ROA, it's a combination of equity you have, the credit cost and especially the 
OPEX. 
So, the largest thing which you have when you do large funding, you grow your AUM, your 
OPEX keeps coming down. So, for us, it is more than 12% now. You will see a company which 
is INR 5,000 crore AUM will have a 6% OPEX. 
At INR 10,000 crores, they may have like 4.5%, 5 kind. If you are INR 20,000 crore book, you 
will have around 3% kind. So, OPEX keep coming down. So, that's not a bigger problem. Lower 
yield is just fine. 
And then even the kind of funding we are doing, as you see now, even with 50% kind of book, 
which is into secured, our yields are good at 25%. And even with some decline, it is just fine, 
because OPEX and lowering of the borrowing cost takes control of it. 
Amit Maheshwari: 
Correct sir. Wish you all the best. Thank you, sir. 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Kumar, who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Anand Kumar: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question. There are a few questions. The first one is, how is our 
collection efficiency for the secured lending? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
So, as you will notice in the presentation, the collection efficiency is about 96% in the secured. 
Anand Kumar: 
Yes. But the slower rate it should be like 98% to 99%. Isn't that the case?  
Deepak Aggarwal: 
I agree. I agree. So, one thing here is that, as again, I said that when we started secured lending, 
the customer base was still similar, as I started the presentation with saying that has given some 
pain, but still, I am saying it's much better. So, in the new states, our collection efficiency is 
close to 100%. The 6 new states, it's 99.5%, more than that. 
Yes, historically, what we have done, there is some pain. which is there. But still, it's much better 
than the unsecured. So, it's a combination of 96% versus 91%, and hopefully, things will improve 
going forward. 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Anand Kumar: 
Okay. And whenever a secured customer doesn't pay, what options are we taking to recover that? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
So, we are going legal. So, earlier, we were not going legal. So, I will just give you a very, very 
small sample example. For the first time, we started taking legal course of action in June 2024, 
where as a sample, we filed just 10 cases, which were unsecured write-off customers. And out 
of those 10 customers, when after a year, they reached bailable warrant stage, we recovered 
money from 2 borrowers, principal plus interest and recovering 35% of the principal write-off, 
just from 2 customers. So, even non bailable, they will reach in December, which was like 18 
months. 
Even if 5 customers pay, we will be able to recover 100% of the cost, which was written-off, 
just with 5, 6 customers. So, I am saying, yes, Indian legal system is slow, but we have realized 
that if we go legal with 100% of the cases, results will come and recovery will happen. And 
when it is a secured category, so one, I would say, even section 138 is extremely effective. The 
only thing is it is time taking. When it comes to secured with SARFAESI and all the recovery 
will be much higher. 
At the end of the day, we have the collateral and customer 1 year, 1.5 year, 2 years later, he will 
have to pay. Otherwise, anyway after the ARC, we can go SARFAESI. So, the process will be 
faster than section 138. So, we are really hopeful that it's a pain for a year or so, but money will 
start coming in as we go legal, which is not the case with MFI customer, because cases are not 
filed there. 
Anand Kumar: 
Exactly. That's one of the reasons why I wanted to ask it. Thanks for clarifying this one. Second 
question, right, on the warrants. I think U.S. promoters, you have a significant portion of the so-
called pending warrants. Is that right? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Correct. It's largely by promoters only. 
Anand Kumar: 
Okay, good. And then I think earlier in the call, you mentioned that between December and 
February, you wanted to convert the entire warrants to equity. Is that correct data point which I 
am taking out? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Right. Right. 
Anand Kumar: 
See because most of these warrants are significantly out of money, right? The price is almost 
half. 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
I would not say price is half. I would not say price is half, because see, INR 76 per share is 
already paid up. So, it is paid right, it's a sunk cost. So, real comparison is between INR 225 and 
INR 160. So, that's the real comparison. So, that's the difference. And ultimately, you have to 
take a call as a promoter that there is an amount which is committed, so it has to come. 

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Anand Kumar: 
So, we can count this, so far based on the current data that the promoters will go with warrant 
conversion. 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
You should count on this. You should count on this. And hopefully, it's not much time left. It's 
about a 4-month period. 
Anand Kumar: 
Yes, exactly. That's very good. See it really gives good confidence of the promoters and for the 
investors also. The last question, Deepak, right, is you mentioned that Q3, you are definitely 
seeing business to be much better than Q2. Can you give some indicative trends of how the log-
ins are in the first month of Q3 compared to Q2? 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Log-ins are similar, but see, we have. 
Mayur Modi: 
I can take that. 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
Yes, Mayur. 
Mayur Modi: 
So, see, there are 2 things to log-ins. I think we have done a couple of changes in the way business 
is getting sourced. From October, we have added some log-in fees to the unsecured pool, because 
we wanted to filter out the bad log-ins there at the source itself. So, that has really helped. 
September, our log-in to disbursement ratio was only 15%, 20%. October, we are clocking 40%. 
So, that's double of what we were doing in September. 
So, the conversion ratios have really improved whilst because of the fact that we have added 
some log-in fee to the unsecured, then the count of log-ins probably have come down, but the 
conversion is much, much better. The sanctions on much lower log-ins is much better than last 
month. There is an uptick in sanctions with, with let's say, 20%, 25% lesser log-ins. So, what we 
are really trying to do is make sure that the feet on street source is better, there is better efficiency 
in terms of conversion of those log-ins, sanctions and then disbursements.  
So, 40% is, I think, more or less the threshold what everybody looks for in a secured book. I 
think we have reached that in a month's time. We were struggling with 15% to 20%, but we have 
reached 40%. Our endeavor to take this to 50% in the next month, which is coming month, 
November. 
So, that is where the whole focus is, I would say, improve the quality of log-ins, whilst the other 
difference which has also happened is the average log-in value has also increased. Whilst earlier, 
we were having very few cases, which were logged in for more than INR 10 lakhs, I think we 
have seen an increasing trend where people are logging in for values more than 7 lakh, 8 lakh,10 
lakh. We are getting log-ins for 15 lakh, 20 lakh, INR 25 lakhs, good log-ins. So, I see a very 
positive trend there, in terms of log-ins and conversion. 
Anand Kumar: 
Thanks Mayur, and thanks Deepak for answering all the questions.  

 
Moneyboxx Finance Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Mayur Modi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There are no further questions. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Deepak Agarwal for closing comments. 
Deepak Aggarwal: 
So, thank you, everyone, for joining in. And we really hope, and thank you all for standing by 
us. In the last year, everyone knows that times have not been great, but things are improving, 
and we really hope that with each quarter, things will get better and better. And we really hope 
that at the ground level, the country is recovering, government is taking steps. So, let's hope 
things do play out well in the future. 
Thank you, everyone, for joining in. 
Mayur Modi: 
Thank you, guys. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Moneyboxx Finance Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
