 
 
November 05, 2025                                                                        LTTL/L&S/2025-26/11/08 
 
To, 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Maharashtra, India 
The Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub : 
 Announcement under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript - Earnings Call - 
Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 
 
Ref 
: 
Le Travenues Technology Limited (the “Company”) 
 
NSE Symbol: IXIGO and BSE Scrip Code: 544192 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended), please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on October 29, 2025, pertaining to 
the financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 
2025. 
 
This 
transcript 
is 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://investors.ixigo.com/.   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thank you, 
 
For Le Travenues Technology Limited 
 
 
Suresh Kumar Bhutani 
(Group General Counsel, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
SURESH KUMAR 
BHUTANI
Digitally signed by 
SURESH KUMAR BHUTANI 
Date: 2025.11.05 20:09:51 
+05'30'

 
 
 
Le Travenues Technology Limited (“ixigo”) 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Representatives: 
●​ Mr. Aloke Bajpai, Chairman, Managing Director and Group CEO 
●​ Mr. Rajnish Kumar, Director and Group Co-CEO 
●​ Mr. Saurabh Devendra Singh, Group CFO 
 
Moderator: 
●​ Mr. Anmol Garg - DAM Capital 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
 
Moderator:​
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Le Travenues Technology 
also known as ixigo Earning Calls Q2 FY25-26 hosted by DAM Capital 
Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. 
 
​
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anmol Garg from DAM Capital 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Anmol Garg:​
Thanks Danish. Good evening everyone. On behalf of DAM Capital, I 
welcome you all to ixigo's Q2 FY26 Earnings Call. We have with us Mr. 
Aloke Bajpai, Chairman, MD and Group CEO of the company. Mr. Rajnish 
Kumar, Director and the Group Co-CEO of the company. Mr. Saurabh 
Devendra Singh, Group CFO of the company. Before I hand over the call to 
Aloke and Saurabh and Rajnish, I would like to highlight the Safe Harbour 
Statement on the second side of the presentation and it is assumed to be 
read and understood. Thank you and over to you guys. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Thank you Anmol. Good evening to everyone on the call. Hope everyone 
had a fabulous Diwali break. Before we begin with our regular quarterly 
updates, I wanted to touch upon the fundraiser for around INR1,296 
crores through preferential issuance that we are undertaking at ixigo. This 
fundraiser will strengthen our balance sheet, accelerate AI-led growth, 
fuel our investments in the hotel OTA space and allow us more flexibility in 
pursuing inorganic opportunities. You may be wondering why we are 
raising money at this time when we are cash flow positive and growing 
quite decently. 
 
​
Let me tell you why we think it is time to double down on our conviction. 
Over the last 18 years, we have patiently built travel technology building 
blocks across utility and transactional use cases for the next billion users. 
Our early years marked by limited capital and the multiple crisis we had to 
overcome along the journey, have given us the muscle and resilience to do 
more with less. 
 
​
Even though we had raised very little capital throughout our journey when 
Page 2 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
compared to most of our peers, we ended up innovating and solving 
deeper problems for Bharat, giving us a solid foundation and the largest 
organic base of travel and tourism users in India. In the recent five years, 
we've evolved further into a company that not just sells tickets but also 
offers peace of mind with our AI-powered value-added services and AI 
native customer service. 
 
​
In the last 16 months as a public company, we've established our track 
record of driving rapid growth and operating leverage through thoughtful 
investments in technology development, marketing and building AI-first 
experiences, all while generating free cash flow from our core business. 
 
​
Given the world is at an AI inflection point and our hotels OTA business is 
nascent, this investment comes at an opportune time for us to take 
advantage and double down on these. A little bit about our incoming 
investor, MIH Investments One B.V. or Prosus as the world knows them. 
Prosus is a leading global tech company that invests in high-growth 
markets with a significant focus on India, Latin America and Europe. 
 
​
Prosus is well known as a patient long-term investor, bringing deep 
domain expertise in e-commerce marketplaces, a global perspective and 
an AI-first mindset to its portfolio. Its portfolio spans sectors such as 
e-commerce, food delivery, travel, payments and fintechs and classifieds. 
 
​
A long-term investor in India with over 8.6 billion dollars capital deployed 
to date, Prosus’ investment portfolio includes Swiggy, Meesho, Urban 
Company and Rapido. Its global portfolio includes Tencent, Latin American 
OTA, Despegar, OLX, iFood, Just Eat Takeaway among others. We wish to 
clarify upfront that we have no intention to start any price war or 
discounting war nor get into any sort of projects involving major cash burn 
just because we have the capital. Our track record demonstrates our 
discipline and capital efficiency quite well. 
 
​
We have never believed in the capital as a moat playbook and hence we 
have never been the biggest aggressor on discounts or marketing spend. 
Our competition has historically been better capitalized than us and 
invested a higher percentage of GTV back into marketing and despite that 
we have managed to continue going faster by deploying our capital 
towards long-term product, tech, AI and growth investments along with 
Page 3 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
some smart acquisitions along the way. 
 
​
This capital allows us to solve customer problems that need deeper 
longer-term investment horizons with long-term returns. We will soon 
arrive at a point where accelerating our investments in hotel product 
enhancements and supply creation will bring sustainable long-term gains 
and in terms of brand recall and marketing spend we'll continue investing 
given the critical mass of organic users we have. 
 
​
Judicious investments every year can help us bring top-of-mind brand 
recall in categories such as flights and buses over time. As far as 
optionality on acquisitions is concerned our playbook for acquisitions 
remains exactly the same as when we acquired ConfirmTkt in February 21 
and AbhiBus in August 2021 both of which are not just successfully 
integrated but yielding synergies for our core business. 
 
​
A balance sheet will broaden our canvas for both organically seeding new 
opportunities and judiciously pursuing investments and acquisitions 
allowing us to take bolder long-term bets when we have strong conviction 
in any team technology market or vertical. 
 
​
Moving to this quarter, using a cricket analogy we learned this quarter 
that one has to adapt to the pitch conditions when we come out to bat. 
Despite some market-led headwinds in the flight and train business lines, 
the teams found areas of opportunity where our agility diversification and 
resilience led to continued growth. 
 
​
Our leadership demonstrated that it could take calls on where to go more 
aggressive and where to defend. On the bus side, this quarter further 
reinforces the long-term runway that exists for growth in online bus 
bookings. At an overall level I'm pretty happy with what we have achieved 
both this quarter and in the first half of the year. 
 
​
We have delivered strong cash flows of INR91.5 crores and a GTV growth 
of nearly 38% for H1 FY'26 and a revenue from operations growth of 
nearly 54% for H1 versus H1 of last year. In second quarter our revenue 
from operations was INR282.7 crores for the quarter up 37% Y-o-Y and a 
GTV growth of 23% for the quarter coming in at INR4347.5 which is 
INR4347.5 crores. 
Page 4 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
 
​
Our adjusted EBITDA was INR28.5 crores maintaining 10% adjusted 
EBITDA margin for the quarter. In fact our adjusted EBITDA for H1 has 
grown at nearly 45% Y-o-Y versus last year surpassing our own 
expectations on balancing profitability and growth. 
 
​
We do understand that optically the PAT may look negative but that is 
largely due to a non-cash non-recurring ESOP one-off that Saurabh will 
provide more color on in a bit. For flights the overall domestic market had 
actually contracted by about 2% Y-o-Y that means decline of 2% in Q2 due 
to capacity constraints and impact of stronger monsoons and Delhi 
runway closer during the quarter. 
 
​
However, at ixigo we still grew our GTV by 29% Y-o-Y and our flight 
revenue grew by 60% in Q2. This was despite some moderation in our 
discounting and hence our contribution margin percentage came out even 
better than Q1. 
 
​
Our growth headroom lies in our scale of users though we are still 
relatively small on flights as compared to our true potential and our strong 
brand presence in NBU markets is driving a decent part of this growth. 
 
​
Over 50% of new flight bookers that were coming from our NBU app users 
continues to be first-time flyers allowing us to keep adding new travelers 
to the overall market even in a time when the overall market did not grow, 
demonstrating the unique demand pool we have access to. 
 
​
Our Tier 1 flight bookings also continue to grow nicely and we see our 
brand searches for the keyword ‘ixigo’ continuing to rise as evident on 
Google Trends. Finally our international flights business is growing faster 
than domestic and remains a focus area for product enhancement. We've 
also managed to improve take rates through our peace of mind stack and 
other ancillary services that we sell to those users. 
 
​
On capacity 2 we are seeing some green shoots in October with a peak 
day recently crossing 500,000 passengers flown in the market in a day and 
as for the winter schedule filed with DGCA departures across airlines will 
be up nearly 6% to 26,495 per week over the winter schedule of 2024 
when there were 25,007 weekly departures. 
Page 5 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
 
​
On buses we saw good inventory additions in the overall market with 
private operators adding many new buses and routes and the addition of 
seven new SRTCs in our inventory Odisha, Southern Bengal, Telangana, 
Punjab, Kerala, Sikkim and Uttarakhand, now aggregating 17 major state 
transport corporations on AbhiBus for wider route connectivity. 
 
​
We saw strong demand for pilgrimage routes to Tirupati, Nashik, Ujjain, 
Varanasi and Haridwar this quarter. On trains it was actually a defining 
quarter, testing our resilience amid ecosystem related adjustments. Our 
DNA to adapt and turn change into opportunity has helped us maintain 
our market share leadership and seed new growth engines. 
 
​
While growth in this vertical standalone appears softer compared to our 
exceptionally strong past quarters, we have to see it in the context of the 
overall business growth as well as the real markets inventory growth given 
the series of changes introduced by Indian Railways this quarter and prior 
which I had already alluded to in our previous earnings call last quarter. 
 
​
These changes include things like the reduction of the advance purchase 
window, some reductions in waitlisted inventory, Aadhaar based 
authentication for Tatkal bookings and the restricted time window 
regressing to 30 minutes for Tatkal bookings. However for the advance 
reservation period bookings, Aadhaar verified users on OTAs have been 
allowed to book just 10 minutes after opening time for ARP that is 8:10 
a.m. onwards. 
 
​
So all these changes temporarily altered booking patterns in the beginning 
of the quarter for the whole ecosystem and it took a couple of weeks for 
the users to adjust to these changes, making year-over-year comparisons 
less representative of the underlying momentum in the train segment. 
 
​
Though we rapidly implemented Aadhaar based authentication, these 
changes impacted our algorithms for ixigo Assured and travel guarantee 
which we now know as Alternate Travel Plan and it took some weeks of 
data for the algorithms to recalibrate and adjust to the new demand 
patterns as well as the new waitlist confirmation prediction patterns, 
leading to some contribution margin squeeze in this segment when seen 
year-on-year. 
Page 6 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
 
​
By the end of the quarter we saw some normalization and stabilization 
from the dip we saw in the beginning of the quarter due to these changes. 
In fact we touched a new all-time high of 350,000 train-pax segments in a 
day around the time when the advance bookings for Diwali opened in 
August. 
 
​
The new policies introduced also mean that the future revenue and profit 
pools will need to come from more product and tech-led solutions and we 
will continue identifying more opportunities to solve customer problems 
and maintain our growth. 
 
​
To summarize, this was a quarter that tested our resilience, agility and 
responsiveness to changes in the macro environment and the fact that we 
still deliver profitable growth across all three lines of business and remain 
the fastest-growing OTA in the market, I remain hopeful that in quarters 
where the macro is more favourable we can continue to shine. 
 
​
With that I hand over the mic to my dear friend and Co-CEO Rajnish to talk 
about hotels and our product and AI initiatives. 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
Thanks, Aloke. This quarter, our product and teams were quite busy 
improving the customer experience by users. Beyond Amadeus 
integration, we expanded our international both GDS and ONDC content. 
We also launched smart AI filters on our flights desktop funnel, allowing 
users to apply filters to national language.  
 
​
Our sales team rolled out an upgraded version of Train Alternate feature, 
even more conformed ticket options by exploiting near-by stations, partial 
journeys and alternate dates. We implemented AI-based authentication, 
advanced bookings in record time, which resulted in us doing over 10,000 
verifications daily and fully compliant with the railway regulations. 
 
Moderator:​
I am really sorry to interrupt you, sir, but your voice is not audible. 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
Okay. I'm afraid I think Aloke will have to take this. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Sure. I'll take it forward. So we also integrated Delhi Metro rail ticketing 
through ONDC, which is seeing encouraging uptake. And partnerships with 
Page 7 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
HDFC SmartBuy and Rapido are already helping us expose our trains 
funnel to new user segments. Even small UX changes are improving food 
on train uptake and conversion rates. Overall, our MTU to MAU ratio 
reached 4.9% in the first half of FY '26, reflecting better engagement and 
monetization.  
 
​
We're still in the early stages of scaling up performance and brand 
investments in buses, flights and hotels. So there are plenty of growth 
levers ahead. On hotels, I'm pleased with our progress on both product 
and supply enrichment and as well as the consistent room night growth 
quarter-on-quarter.  
 
​
Many of you have asked how building a hotel OTA today differs from 
building one a decade ago. The short answer is a lot has changed, but a lot 
still needs to. 10 years ago, most hotels were offline, manual pricing, 
opaque inventory and on-ground aggregation teams doing the heavy 
lifting. Today, a majority of midrange and budget hotels use PMS and 
channel manager, making rates, availability and content live across 
platforms. 
 
​
Access to inventory is now a commodity - Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities are the 
new growth engines. Digital payments and pay-at-hotel options have 
reshaped booking behaviour. Consumers are no longer chasing the lowest 
rate. They want peace of mind. Assurance, transparency, cancellation, 
flexibility and refund speed matter as much as discounts.  
 
​
For hotel owners, the OTA role is also evolving. The real value-add comes 
from solving their pain points with empathy, ensuring that travelers 
actually get what was promised. Over time, as we integrate more directly 
and curate deeper mid-tier supply, quality of experience will matter more 
than sheer quantity of inventory. And interestingly, even today, OTAs only 
drive about 10% to 20% of bookings for the average budget hotel in India. 
So the opportunity remains massive with over 2 million rooms to fill daily. 
​
Now moving to AI. We believe that our company is at an inflection point in 
fulfilling its vision of building the best AI-first travel experience. The 
immediate opportunity is to invest deeply in emerging agentic AI 
capability. This is needed to solidify our presence in hotels, build stronger 
brand recall and accelerate growth through new AI platforms, products 
and services.  
Page 8 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
 
​
Our incoming investor Prosus has been a global pioneer in AI-led 
innovation and backed companies that are reshaping industries. Their 
vision of unlocking an AI-first world for billions aligns beautifully with 
ixigo’s mission to build the best AI-first experience for the next billion 
travelers of Bharat. This moment in history is rare.  
 
​
First, the global build-out of AI and infrastructure means the cost of 
models will keep falling as adoption grows. Second, efficiency gains are 
already visible. Early adopters are driving meaningful productivity jumps. 
And third, we are still defining what the best AI-native experience looks 
like for travel, which will open entirely new demand pools and business 
models.  
 
​
The dawn of the AI era gives us a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to 
reimagine our company's future. Companies that succeed in the next 
decade will look very different from those today. Travel apps will evolve 
into conversational, multi-modal, hyper-personalized agents that don't 
just assist but act. At ixigo, that's a vision we had even back in 2017 when 
we launched TARA, our travel assistant.  
 
​
On the AI efficiency side, the impact is already visible. Nearly half of our 
voice support calls are now resolved end-to-end by agentic voice agents. 
And over 90% of customer chat interactions are handled by AI, managing 
2.69 million interactions this quarter. As a result, 97.4% of calls are 
answered within two minutes now, and refunds now happen in just under 
3 hours on average, with a large percentage processed within minutes.  
 
​
Now stepping back for a moment, every few decades the world 
experiences a technology inflection point. These movements don't just 
change tools, they redefine entire industries. For incumbents, they are 
both an opportunity and an existential threat. Startups born in the new 
era move faster, unbundled by legacy systems, while incumbents struggle 
with inertia. The paradox is simple. The very size and success of 
incumbents make them vulnerable. The only way to avoid being disrupted 
is to disrupt yourself first. 
 
​
With that I will hand it to Rajnish. 
 
Page 9 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
Rajnish Kumar:​
The paradox is simple. The very size and success of incumbents make 
them vulnerable. The only way to avoid being disrupted is to disrupt 
yourself first. We call this building a new co inside the old co. The new co 
behaves like a startup, small, focused, unencumbered, but with the 
parent's data, domain expertise, and resources. Done right, it can disrupt 
your old business model before the outside world does. 
 
​
We've lived this story before. Back in 2013-14, as the mobile revolution 
was unfolding, we were hit with this desktop-first business that was at 
risk. Instead of tinkering at the edges, I locked myself in a room with key 
engineers. Out of this, a sprint was born, the ixigo Trains app. That app 
didn't just supplement the old business; it rewrote our future. It gave us 
massive distribution, created a new growth engine, and eventually made 
old business models obsolete. 
 
​
We disrupted ourselves, the new co overtook the old co. Today we stand 
at the biggest friction point in the history of humanity, which is AI. Unlike 
mobile, which changed how we accessed the internet, AI is reshaping how 
we think, work, and create. At scale of disruption means the risks are 
proportionately larger. For incumbents, the danger is not simply losing 
market share, but becoming irrelevant overnight. So this time, our new co 
must be AI native from day one. 
 
​
Rethinking products, processes, and customer experience with AI as the 
default, not as an add-on or a band-aid. Becoming AI native means 
re-adjusting around three key vectors. Conversational multi-modal 
interfaces, which means moving away from Pig-based rigid workflows, 
from natural human-like interactions that scale infinitely. 
 
​
Number two, hyper-personalization through vertical data. Using our 
deep-traveled data to deliver predictive preemptive experiences, knowing 
what the user wants before they ask for it. And lastly, agent autonomy. 
 
​
Going beyond just recommendations to real actions. Researching, 
booking, and solving tasks automatically on behalf of the customers, 
without them having to lift a finger. These three pillars map directly to our 
AI strategy, that is Project Trishul, around efficiency, leveraging, and 
disruption. 
 
Page 10 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
​
Because when disruption arrives, you only have two choices. Be the 
company that gets disrupted or be the company that creates that 
disruption. The only safe path is to choose the latter, again and again, at 
every inflection point. There's a narrow window right now to combine our 
deep tech DNA and proprietary data with disciplined investments in 
self-disruption. Those who do will be rewarded disproportionately in 
growth and operating leverage. 
 
​
As I've said before, we'll deliberately deploy some capital. Our AI 
disruption strategy led to what execution looks like in the AI native world 
ahead. I'll end by saying that we're all probably using the worst AI we'll 
ever use in our lifetimes. From here, it only gets smarter, stranger and far 
more capable, which makes this the most exciting and slightly terrifying 
time to be building. And with that, I'll hand over the call to our friend and 
Group CFO, Saurabh Devendra Singh, to talk about numbers. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Now, if I had to name this quarter, I would call it adolescence. We've 
outgrown childhood, but our journey towards who we are meant to 
become is only just beginning. Now, we are at an age that allows us to 
stumble, like we did right now, or occasionally fall, scrape our knees, then 
rise again, stronger and perfect, and then smile and say, we told you so. 
 
​
Now, I know what you might be thinking here. Here, I'm being pompous, 
and you've just seen the result, and Slide 28 of what we call the beautiful 
slide has its first hint of red. Now, you would not be wrong to point out 
that unlike recent quarters, this one was not perfect. But then again, like 
all things adolescent, this was never meant to be perfect or easy. 
 
​
If I'm being totally honest here, most of the quarter was tough and that is 
what makes it special. We fought hard, we accelerated when we had to 
and we also learned to stop when that was the wiser choice. When the 
present looked tough, we built for the future. We also made new friends 
through new customers, new partnerships and some great new investors. 
Quarters like this showcase the ixigo DNA, and form the foundation of our 
growth for years to come. 
 
​
Now, let's talk numbers. As always, all numbers are in rupees crore, unless 
stated otherwise, and year-over-year comparisons are Q2 FY ‘26 against 
Q2 FY ‘25. On the headline numbers, our gross transaction value stood at 
Page 11 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
INR4,347.5 crores, up 23%, from INR3,528.7 crores last year. Revenue 
from operations came in at INR282.7 crores, a 37% Y-o-Y increase. 
Contribution margin was INR109.6 crores, up 20%, with a contribution 
margin percentage at 39%. 
 
​
Adjusted EBITDA stood at INR28.5 crores, compared to INR21 crores in Q2 
FY ‘25. This was a growth of 36%. PAT came in at a negative INR3.5 crores 
versus INR13.1 crores last year. This included a one-off, listing 
milestone-based non-cash ESOP charge of INR26.9 crores, and also some 
other one-offs, which I will discuss closer to the end of my speech. Our 
cash flow, as Aloke mentioned earlier, came in at INR91.5 crores for the 
first half of FY2026. 
 
​
Let's go on to the business segment overview. In flights, now it was a 
month and a half ago when I found myself sitting in the Gurgaon office 
mess, for a late lunch. Now as luck would have it, our flight business head 
walks in a few minutes later and chooses the seat furthest away from 
mine. I obviously ask him why. 
 
​
He smiles and says, he wants to avoid another conversation about how we 
will be growing in the flight business compared to the industry. Now that 
the numbers are out, I owe Nitin an apology and thank you. In a slow 
market, we stood out for our growth. We booked 2.41 million flight 
segments, up 19% with a GTV of INR1,592.4 crores, up 29%. Contribution 
margin for flights rose 45% to INR39.6 crores, at a contribution margin 
percentage of 44%. Flights contributed 36% of our group's total CM. 
 
​
Our bus business reminds me of elephants. They listen carefully, 
remember everything that matters, and move with a surprising speed to 
turn feedback into better products. And, before you say elephants are not 
fast, remember they can move at almost 40 kilometres per hour, not too 
far away from peak Usain Bolt. 
 
​
Now, the speed for our bus team was evident in this quarter's numbers 
too. Our passenger segment grew at 46% Y-o-Y, reaching 6.04 million 
passenger segments, with a GTV up 51% to INR571.9 crores. Contribution 
margin was up by 31% to INR34.1 crores, at a 52% contribution margin. 
Now, we see this as a high-growth area and will continue to invest in this 
business. Buses contributed about 31% of our total CM. 
Page 12 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
 
​
I think I've mentioned this before, but I have a standing coffee bet with 
our train business head. With our dominant market share in trains, we 
shouldn't be able to grow faster than the market. Now, every quarter till 
now, I have lost this bet badly. It took what I call a perfect storm, or what 
Aloke referred to as ecosystem-related adjustments, to convert this to a 
closed site. 
 
​
Still, we grew faster than the market, and though it was much, much 
closer than before. So, Dinesh, if you're in this call, I think we'll call this 
quarter a draw. In the Train segment, we booked about 27.2 million train 
segments, up 10% Y-o-Y, with a GTV at INR2,125.9 crores, up 12%. 
Revenue stood at INR122.9 crores, up 11% Y-o-Y. PM shrank by 9% to 
INR34.2 crores, with a 28% contribution margin percentage. Trains 
contributed 31% to our overall group CM. 
 
​
Now, in their sections, both Aloke and Rajnish talked about the capital 
race and why the future will allow us to be more strategic and allow us to 
invest in building AI-driven digital assets, platforms, and capabilities that 
will power the next phase of growth. That said, as an ongoing business, let 
me highlight the one-offs and key call-outs in our current operation. 
 
​
The one-offs and call-outs that are there in Q2 FY '26 include a one-time 
ESOP accounting charge of INR26.9 crores on account of early 
achievement of performance thresholds specified in the grant terms. Two, 
share of loss from FreshBus, an associate company, of INR1.47 crores. 
 
​
For Q2 FY '25, the one-offs and call-outs comprise of the following. Share 
of loss from FreshBus, an associate company of INR1.93 crores.  
 
​
Gain on account of reversal of exceptional item pertaining to share issue 
expense amounting to INR0.83 crores. If we were to compare like-by-like 
basis by excluding the respective item in both the periods, our profit 
before tax would have increased by 26% Y-o-Y from INR19.4 crores in Q2 
FY25 to INR24.4 crores in Q2 FY26.  
 
​
Now, this quarter is about growing up and putting the building blocks in 
place for what we know is our true destiny. I am reminded of a few lines 
from Shivmangal Singh Suman's poem that my father used to recite back 
Page 13 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
when I was an adolescent. Kya haar mein, kya jeet mein, kinchit nahi 
bhaybeet mein, Sanghash path par jo mile, ye bhi sahi, wo bhi sahi, 
Vardaan maangunga nahi.  
 
                                         Over the next few quarters and years, there will be victories and there will 
be setbacks. And then there will be moments when patience will be the 
most prudent. During this journey, we ask not for luck, but for endurance 
and focus to deliver perfect journey to our customers. And with this 
slightly philosophical closure, I will pass it on to operators for Q&A. Hi, can 
we pass it on back to the operator and you can pick it up from us? 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you very much. We'll now begin with the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Anmol Garg from the Dam 
Capital Advisors. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Anmol Garg:​
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So I have a couple of things. Firstly, out 
of the INR1,300 crores that we are raising, we have allocated nearly 
INR320 crores to acquisition and a similar amount to working capital. 
Now, I understand that working capital in our business is a negative. So 
what is the reason for raising money or allocating the same money for 
working capital? Are we looking to acquire a company with higher working 
capital requirements? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Hi, Anmol. So there are parts to this. One of the part of this is as the 
business grows, there is a need for working capital based on how the 
business is growing. And I'll explain it to you. In fact, I had done that 
earlier too. But I'll explain to you something like when bank offers come in 
or when we build up, build out our advertising platforms. 
 
​
And then more and more advertising come in. All of these require working 
capital. Then with volume in the normal course of business, even though 
it's not for a large period of time, it's just for a few days. When you see, 
say, look at my March 31st number, look at the number right now.  
 
​
Whenever you're in the long holidays or there is a certain amount of 
money where train and flight do need working capital. So bus is a negative 
working capital business, but train and flight do need working capital and 
as they grow, there will be a need there too. So it's a combination of these 
and it's a combination of how the business grows, where this comes in. 
Page 14 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
 
Anmol Garg:​
Okay, understood. Just on the second part of this question, what kind of 
acquisition are we looking at? What I mean is that in which particular area 
are we looking to acquire any assets? 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Yes, hi Anmol this is Aloke here. See, we have specified unidentified 
acquisitions because at this point we do not have any identified 
acquisition target per se. But I'll just walk you through our typical thinking 
on our acquisition philosophy. Typically a past track record is that we have 
found good quality, high quality entrepreneurial teams who are building 
something either synergistic to what we do or which can add a new 
vertical or a new market to our business.  
 
​
And the process for evaluating these deals typically spans several 
quarters. And I think Saurabh will vouch for how rigorous that process is at 
our end in terms of how long we take to evaluate these deals and due 
diligence on them. So typically the criteria is essentially around four 
pillars. So there's quality of the leadership or founding team and its 
cultural fitment with us, clear strategic fit and synergy with the existing 
business either in terms of offerings or in terms of what we want to enter 
and market impact, including share gains or is it entering into a new 
vertical or a new geography or a new product type. And then there's 
access to technology or IP or some sort of leverage that you can gain on 
some of the AI stack that we're building.  
 
​
I think those are the areas where we look at. And of course, the pricing 
has to be reasonable. The terms have to be favorable and the company 
should not be heavily into losses and all that. We typically don't even look 
at those assets. Those come as a natural filter. So our playbook will not 
change if you look at what we did with ConfirmTkt and AbhiBus and even 
Zoop. 
 
​
These were companies which were already well proven, small team, 
frugal, capital efficient, profitable. And that's the kind of acquisition that 
we typically like. Having said that, we usually have a long pipeline of things 
we are evaluating and as and when we build conviction, we'll move on 
something. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
What this capital does give us is the ability to be very, very strategic and 
Page 15 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
decide when such an opportunity arises. But having said that, as Aloke 
said and Rajnish can vouch for and I've seen Aloke, Rajnish both on this 
and the team. I think the first reaction is not to look at anything rather 
than look at anything. 
 
Anmol Garg:​
Sure, understood. And second, on the quarter itself. So just talking about 
the air segment, while our Y-o-Y growth looks decent versus the industry. 
However, we have seen a sharp dip in the GTV in this quarter when I look 
at it more sequentially, where the dip is around 14%, while the industry 
dip or the DGCA dip is relatively lesser. So while I understand it was a 
weak quarter from the volume perspective from the industry level, but 
still can you indicate that why our growth sequentially was a little lower? 
Is it because of lower ad spends during the quarter or is it something else? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
So, Anmol, firstly you have to realize something and Aloke mentioned it in 
his call. The audience that we are getting have a different cycle than the 
audience you are conventionally used to on this. So what you have to 
realize is when you start looking at sequential on a particular thing, it's a 
different audience I'm creating.  
 
​
So when I launched a Travel Guarantee product and when we are getting 
new flyers in this world, I think this is a metric which you can look at. In 
my mind, it's on either way. It's a great growth and last time my growth 
number, my base number and which I've said in your meeting or every 
meeting that I've had is, last two quarters, the growth number is 
something which was extraordinarily high. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Yes, I mean, just to add to that, we have to recognize we are in a seasonal 
business, when it comes to all three lines of business. Flights are typically 
JAS, B2C flights, seasonally weakest quarter. But not just that, if you look 
at year-on-year, I'm very satisfied with what we've achieved this quarter, 
because if you look at the market, there was a 2% decline. 
 
​
So, I mean, if you're talking about growing 29% on GTV in an environment 
where there's a 2% decline, I would rate it as an achievement and nothing 
to be shy about. I think what we could have done and maybe we 
underinvested, we could have grown faster if we actually chose to invest 
more and sort of not optimize on discount or marketing spends as we did, 
because if you look at our contribution margin percentage. 
Page 16 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
 
​
And there if you look at it sequentially, our contribution margin 
percentage has actually gone up Q1 versus Q2, where we have actually 
increased our contribution margin in the flight business. But that was 
deliberate. When the market is not growing why would you choose to 
invest more? 
 
​
So, we kind of remained a little conservative. That's my read on it. And as 
the market comes back, which we are seeing already green shoots in 
October, November, how the market seems to be coming back in terms of 
supply, I think you will see the kind of acceleration we want. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
But Anmol looking at business here. I don't look at things quarter by 
quarter. If I've had a great quarter, that doesn't mean that next quarter we 
need to do anything silly, just to give a segment number for the next 
quarter or so. 
 
Anmol Garg:​
Understood. And just one last thing from a more outlook perspective. 
Going ahead, how should we look at the business? Are we looking at 
growth going ahead or the focus would be towards market expansion? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
The biggest focus would be trying to solve customer problems like Rajnish 
and Rajnish can talk about that. We believe everything else is a follow up 
from that. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Yes, I think, I mean, I don't think any changes in our playbook and Rajnish 
can add to that. But basically we keep doing the same. I don't think we did 
anything dramatically different last quarter, except that we were trying to 
sort of understand the ecosystem-related or macro-related impacts and 
try to optimize for that. 
 
​
But then again, you know, as supply comes back and I think I see it as a 
one-time problem last quarter, essentially supply on both train and flight 
felt a squeeze in the market. And you saw the result of that, not just for 
us, but also for our peers. And I think as that situation improves and we 
already see it improving. 
 
​
I think that's the demand is very strong. I mean, that's something we can 
just put out there that the demand continues to be very strong. I think it's 
Page 17 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
the supply side that has to catch up. And buses is a proof that when the 
supply actually catches up, you see the growth in that category. 
 
Anmol Garg:​
Yes, sure. Understood. Thanks, guys. I'll join back in the queue. And best 
of luck for going ahead. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you, sir. Next question comes from the line of Swapnil Potdukhe 
from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Hi, everyone. Thanks for the opportunity. I have two or three questions. 
And just continuing with the previous participant's question on the flight 
growth over there. And especially when you look at it at a sequential 
basis. I was just looking at your numbers and comparing it with your large 
competitor. And the passenger segments declined on a sequential basis 
seems to be far more than for the last year also. So any particular things 
to look at? Any things related to your PhonePe partnership coming into 
the base this quarter? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
It's more basic than that. Last year, the look at what last quarter, why did a 
particular person decline or not decline? Even that point of time, you have 
to look at the market and you look at the performance last quarter. Yes, 
sequential quarter-on-quarter. First thing, this is not a sequential industry 
as Aloke mentioned right now.  
 
​
The second part is, say I mentioned it in the last quarter answer too. Why 
did I do better with geopolitical problems is because I was more domestic 
on that sense. Even in that part, with the world changing like it is, I believe 
that on a world where it's moved minus two and me giving you 29% 
growth. As in on any level, it looking at a sequential number where 
Operation Sindoor or issue around it happened for international 
problems. Yes, it's mathematical. I kind of more than what it happened on 
the outside world or why did somebody perform badly last time is not 
something that I can cure, but what I can cure is what I did last time and 
what I did this time. And I think in both the quarters, I've done far better 
than the market. And that is what I have to do. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Yes, Saurabh, but if I were to just add one more variable to that, your 
attached rate, which used to be around 29% to 30%, that also seems to 
have come down to 27%. Because we were benefiting from the Travel 
Page 18 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
Guarantee feature in the past. We were able to move some custom train 
customers to flights. And is that also a part of the reason that the 
numbers seem slightly below what most of the sales or the consensus was 
expecting? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Firstly, why is the number below? I like you saying it that is your choice the 
number below, what is the industry number for this quarter. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
No, obviously, the industry numbers are poor. No doubt about that. I'm 
just building. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Let me come in here for just a very macro perspective on this side. Last 
quarter, where I'm saying Q1, despite Sindoor and everything and 20 
other things that were going wrong in that quarter, if we were growing at 
a 70% plus sort of revenue, I think it's not a great benchmark to look 
against on a sequential basis, to be honest because I think that was by far 
in the last five quarters we've given out our best quarter.  
 
​
Having said that, even if you look at it, including that and you look at the 
overall pace of the industry, the OTA market growth and our growth, we 
are going faster than all OTAs out there in all the three categories we 
operate. I mean, and that's something, I think that's the way we think 
about building up like we are not going to hold ourselves accountable to 
what somebody else is doing out there. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Look, think of it differently. And I'll come and answer your question on 
attach rate now. Now, one of the parts of attach rate, if you're asking me, 
are we getting more train bookers to fly? The answer is a vehement yes, 
we are still. And if you look through, I know that we have to increase the 
time between we release the FAQ and let you absorb it, but if you look at 
FAQ, we have answered that question, saying that we are still doing that 
quite nicely and getting a lot of new users in the market. 
 
​
The other part is to realize that the attach rate that you have is a 
combination of attach rate across all parts of business. Now, what has 
changed is that monsoon did affect the trains and buses side of the 
business. And in some of the scenarios in trains, as Aloke mentioned in his 
call, the algorithm needed to be rechecked. 
 
Page 19 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
​
And TG is just one of the many products that we are selling. So if your 
question is, did that change? No, in fact, I'll say the reason that why when 
the industry shrunk and we grew 29% was because we were doing that a 
lot. But the pattern changes, the thing changes. It takes some time, but 
attach rate, yes, it did go down, but not for the reason which you 
suspected to. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Got it. Now, just taking this forward conversation. How do we see this full 
year FY26 planning for you at a GTV growth level? Because if I remember 
correctly, we were aspiring to do around 40% GTV at a console level. But 
obviously, it was not a guidance. It was an aspiration? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
I will repeat, but I am always there. I have said that where we are, we 
expect to grow significantly faster than the market on this. And I'll keep it 
there. I have never guided to a particular number on this. But yes in either 
of the three, we continue, continue growing. And I can talk about in more 
detail why we feel we can grow significantly faster. I feel that had you 
asked me earlier, say, this was a 15% market quarter. 
  
​
And had you asked me what is a 20% market quarter and you'd ask me, 
what would you have expected on flight? I would have said it's a 20% 
market quarter where the market has grown by 20%. I would have ideally 
wanted to expect that grow of flights at 40%. Now, it's a lower market 
quarter. I'm in the market as a participant and the idea is 29% is great.  
 
​
So I'm a market participant. It depends on market, but I still continue 
believing that way. Buses is the one which is more interesting in that 
sense. It's a lower penetration market. A lot is changing. We believe a lot 
can happen there. So that is how it is. And as I said in my train section, 
and I've always said that I personally believe that with our market share, 
we'll grow closer to the market. My train LOB, we believe we still grow 
faster. And so it's who you want to believe out of the two. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Saurabh sorry to push you on this a bit more. So now what I'm hearing is 
that the supply side issues on the flight side will slightly improve. There is 
not a meaningful improvement, even if in the December quarter also. So 
should we be looking at - should we start reworking our numbers with 
that thought in mind going ahead in the second half is what I'm trying to 
understand. 
Page 20 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
 
Saurabh Singh:​
If I was you and if I had a clearer view on where the market would be 
based, your knowledge on where you feel the market should be and 
expect us to grow significantly faster than the market. If you're very bullish 
on the market or if you're an analyst who covers the flight is very bullish 
on the market. And if you can base it, take a multiple of that and that is 
where we will be.  
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Got it. And just on the cost side. Now, there are two ESOP numbers 
mentioned in your presentation, one of INR32 crores and one of INR27 
crores. You have mentioned INR27 crores as a one off. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Swapnil as discussed if you go back to my last quarter FAQ, there are three 
kinds of ESOP that we would have. One is the normal Black Scholes based 
ESOP. The other ones were the ones which were given, which were target 
based, given to guys. And then there is another ESOP which we give. Say 
I'm acquiring a company like we did with Zoop.  
 
​
I've got a choice of either giving and I've talked about it a lot in detail. 
That's the question which I would recommend that you go to the last FAQ, 
but I'll give you a summary on this. So there are some ESOPs we say I 
acquired Zoop. I could have given him cash. It goes from the balance 
sheet. I don't think that's right because that doesn't align him to me. I 
would take it on the - take it on as an ESOP. And I would give it because I 
want his interest to be aligned to the company interest going up in the 
future. So it's a combination of these three, which I would give. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
So going ahead, we should factor in the difference between the two? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
There is one and that too I've given in a lot of detail. There were two 
targets and both were based on and in fact this one too. So both were 
based on 30-day revamp. And in fact, if anything, I believe that the fact 
that this was reached earlier is a kind of reflection of investors believing in 
it because it was in the public domain all the time.  
 
​
And I've kind of hinted at it much, much more clearly. One was at 
INR9,000 crores. The other is at INR14,000 crores. So depending on when 
you believe or when you project that INR14,000 crores to come in and I 
have zero idea on that, but that will be the other part. But these would be 
Page 21 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
the only two, which would be what I call the Monte Carlo based ESOPs. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Okay. And just a last one on your brand spends. Sequentially, they were 
down by around INR10 odd crores. Is that entirely because there were few 
spends related to the IPL last quarter and this quarter onwards, we should 
see some normalized spends of around INR20 crores? Is that how should 
we look at those brand spends? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Swapnil, I discussed this last time in the first quarter. Sorry, because there 
are English-speaking audience too. But what happens with us is that we 
choose our brand spends across quarters. So when you look at brand 
spend, look at it as a complete year number. As a mass business, there are 
times when I would be using IPL to increase the buck for my brand spends. 
So it all remains the same, what we've talked about for two years. There is 
no other change in this. But again, broadly, it's nothing else to do apart 
from where we had budgeted it. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Just to add, I think brand spend is somewhat discretionary in nature. So 
there could be quarters where we choose to spend more and there could 
be quarters where we choose to spend less. And again, it's a function of 
the strategy and how we believe the market and demand for supply is 
shaping up out there. And I think given how these quarter macros were 
looking like, we chose not to spend more. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe:​
Got it, Aloke. Thanks a lot for the answer. And all the best guys going 
forward. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Arpit Shah from 
Stallion Asset. Please go ahead. 
 
Arpit Shah:​
Hi, Saurabh. Hi, Rajnish. Hi, Aloke. Phenomenal execution in a tough 
quarter growing aviation, flight, railways also in a very tough situation 
with Aadhaar card authentication. Was it a tough scenario to judge what 
the demand patterns could look like? But it's coming to quarter 3 like 
you've already seen Diwali gone by, Dussehra, gone by, October gone by. 
It's probably the advanced bookings for the quarter which is happening 
currently. Do you see trends which are similar to Q1 in terms of growth 
Page 22 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
rate or you would see a very muted quarter like Q2 or Q3? 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Yes. I think I wouldn't call it a muted quarter. I would just call it a quarter 
where the macro was tough and we managed to continue executing our 
strategy. But having said that, I think there are green shoots in October 
that we are seeing. Both in terms of supply coming back on the air side 
and we've seen announcements from airlines. We've seen the winter 
schedule that was filed in DGCA.  
 
​
Both indicate that there will be more planes in the air. And, of course, 
because of the change from four months to two months for the train 
advance booking we've started to see now bookings for Christmas, New 
Year break. And I think that's shaping up quite well. So all I can say is that 
the macro environment looks better in this quarter. I mean, I would not 
give any specific guidance around it, but I can just say that we don't see 
the kind of supply constraints we were seeing in the beginning of the 
previous quarter. 
 
Arpit Shah:​
Got it. And now when do we start expecting to see the cash on the books 
from Prosus? Like does it happen from quarter 3 and onwards or when do 
we see the cash come in the books? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
So the EGM happens in about two days time and the voting happens. So 
once that happens, then there is a process of a couple of days and you get 
that. 
 
Arpit Shah:​
And it will be complete cash coming on one go, there is no disruption? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Remember that this is the voting is still not done. So whatever I'm saying, I 
assume that the voting gets passed, but if the voting gets passed and EGM 
is successful on first, in a maximum of a couple of weeks, we should have 
the capital in. 
 
Arpit Shah:​
Got it. And you mentioned ESOP targets for INR14,000 crores market cap. 
So would the quantum also be similar to what we had this quarter? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
It is exactly similar. So what I would recommend here and I have given all 
the links to all the filings in the last quarter's FAQ. Just go through that. It's 
the same amount as this one. And the stock needs to be there for 30 
Page 23 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
trading days for that to actually come into action.  
 
​
Also remember that the actual thing, the actual vesting that will happen, 
will happen after a year for this. And so right now what we're doing is 
because the target has been hit, but even in that case, too, if it happens 
before and I have no way of knowing whether it will happen before or not. 
But if it happens before, it will be in a similar way. 
 
Arpit Shah:​
Got it. Yes. Thank you so much. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Akhil Gulecha 
from Hornbill Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Akhil Gulecha:​
Yes. Hello and congratulations on another great quarter and the fundraise 
as well. My question is on the flight segment. You showed a GTV growth 
of 29%, but we see a revenue growth of 60%. So would it be fair to 
understand that the difference between the GTV and the revenue growth, 
as a large portion of that has come from the value-added services 
component. So are there any new products that you worked on in the 
flight segment? Can you explain the difference? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
That's a good question. What you mentioned, there are a couple of legs to 
that. Now, part of it was what you're saying, yes, it's WAP or what we call 
the peace of mind stack. So say something like what we called as either 
Travel Guarantee or Price Lock. All of that appear much stronger in the 
operating revenue than otherwise, but then there is more to it too. It kind 
of answers what we talked about earlier in the question.  
 
​
Things like bank offers and advertisements, they are chunky and campaign 
based. So they'll appear in some quarters. They won't appear in some 
quarters. My hope is that as we keep on gaining more market share in the 
flight segment, assuming we continue doing that, these keep on 
increasing, but they are selective.  
 
​
So again, what I would always say is that for this line item to think more 
over the year, don't think of it as sustainably, we'll keep on having that 
difference. Apart from this, there's just one more small point, which also 
Page 24 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
leads to this and which Aloke mentioned in his speech, which is that the 
discounts this quarter were slightly less than the corresponding quarter 
last year.  
 
​
Because our team took that call, which is what I was mentioning to 
Swapnil in his meeting. At times, they could have chosen to chase the top 
line, but they took the call that it is not profitable chasing top line because 
the markets are tougher. So they took a call that let's not go too 
aggressive on everything. There are times when you kind of work through 
things which are more sustainable. 
 
Akhil Gulecha:​
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. And last question. So all of these 
investments that you would be making in the hotel segment or on AI, 
etcetera. How would we be accounting for it? Will we be writing it off 
immediately as investments happen? Will we be following a depreciation 
policy? What are your thoughts on it? 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
So look, there is something we've always done. So part of it and it 
depends on what kind of investment it is and what the impact is. Things 
which are more short term, they will be expensed off right away. Things 
which are massively strategic in nature and I'll give you an example. You've 
done it before when the world changed and what Rajnish referred to 
when he talked about the mobile evolution. At that point of time, there 
will be some things which will be capitalized and which are more long 
term in nature. So it will be a combination of both. 
 
Akhil Gulecha:​
Okay, got it. Thank you so much and best of luck.  
 
Saurabh Singh:​
Thank you.  
 
Moderator:​
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Prateek Kumar 
from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
 
Prateek Kumar:​
Yes, good evening everyone. I have a couple of questions. Firstly, what is 
ixigo’s current market share in air and bus bookings and how do you 
expect it over the next 12 months and 24 months? And in general, how do 
you see competitive intensity across segments? 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Yes, so hi, this is Aloke here. I think we haven't called out specifically the 
Page 25 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
market share. But what I can guide you towards is that on buses, we 
would be mid to late teens of the OTA market. On flights, we would be 
close to 10% of the OTA market at this point. And I think we're not really 
super obsessed about chasing market share for the sake of it.  
 
​
But I think what we want to do is grow faster than the overall OTA market, 
which is what Saurabh was talking about, which I think we've managed to 
do in the last five quarters in a row. And we want to continue doing, going 
forward. But there's no sort of short-term target that I can talk to you 
about. 
 
Saurabh Singh:​
And remember, flight market share, we know once everybody releases 
too. And one of the participants doesn't release, so otherwise. 
 
Prateek Kumar:​
And what about the competitive intensity as you said, lowering of 
discount for yourself. But overall, like smaller players or larger players, 
how is the overall competitiveness in segment? 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
We've not seen it change materially, like for us, because remember that 
we don't really overlap in terms of audience with most of the other sets. 
Even on flights, I'm talking about our audience, part of it is pretty much 
unique to us. So we don't really spend that much time looking at the 
competitive intensity, to be honest because we've been kind of immune to 
it for the last five years that we've been building the flight OTA business. 
 
​
And I think one thing is very certain that in the world that's coming, if 
you're building with the AI first approach that we are now building our 
entire new existence around product and tech capabilities are what will 
matter. And I think on that metric if you talk to industry experts. You will 
get to know that there's a few companies who have the kind of talent or 
the kind of resources disposable to build what we are talking about. And 
of course, it requires patience because it's not going to get built overnight. 
It might take several quarters to build out what our vision is, but we are 
confident that we will build it because we have a track record of doing 
these things. 
 
Prateek Kumar:​
Just another philosophical question. What do you think can be most 
breakthrough AI, which you may probably work on, which can help solve 
problems which you are currently not able to solve? 
Page 26 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
Yes, I will defer this question to Rajnish. I hope his line is better at this 
point. Rajnish, do you want to come in on that? 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
Yes. Can you hear me or is it still not clear. 
 
Aloke Bajpai:​
It’s better Rajnish. Go on. 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
Okay. Sorry. So just I mean, just trying to understand your question. Your 
question was about any specific technology built with AI for travel or like 
you're talking about in general AI as a technology doing to travel as a 
vertical?  
 
Prateek Kumar:​
My question was like the general AI-related travel, which can help boost 
your market share and engagement with the customer? 
 
Rajnish Kumar:​
Yes, I mean, so now, as you can see, what has happened with AI is that 
execution in some form has been commoditized to a large extent. I mean, 
companies, everybody has the same starting point. Everybody has the 
same set of technologies to build. And so right now if you think about it 
like earlier, in the earlier work customer experience used to share the 
center stage with things like distribution, IT technology, etcetera.  
 
​
But none of that matters anymore. I think the only thing that matters in 
the current world is customer experience. So, if you have that DNA of 
extreme customer obsession, if you're obsessed with customers and 
solving their problems, this is the best time to be building because it has 
kind of commoditized execution to a large extent.  
 
​
So, our belief has always been the same. So, we keep focusing on 
customer problems and keep solving them through AI. What is definitely 
going to happen is as you know, with AI, you will see like a complete 
cross-functional change in how consumers research and look. And a lot of 
those things that I think we talked about, how multi-modal and 
hyper-personalized experiences will change the way people look.  
 
​
This kind of opens a new way for people to kind of research and look 
because it just makes it a lot easier for them to kind of research and look, 
but at the same time people are also able to kind of in this kind of world, 
Page 27 of 28 
 

                                                            Le Travenues Technology Limited - October 29, 2025 
 
 
  
the user experience and the user interface is such that people are actually 
exposing a lot more about their tastes and preferences and a lot of 
personal information about what they really want compared to the world 
where they were just doing a keyword search on Google and just putting 
some hypertext links. 
 
​
So, in that sense, the world is changing very rapidly. And I think there are 
already scenarios where we are experiencing people using our products 
and services where the users themselves are not doing anything whereas 
our agentic systems are doing a lot of things for them on their behalf.  
 
​
So, I think those the rise of agentic systems is, I think, probably that's one 
thing that I think is going to change the whole landscape of how travel or 
any other vertical is seeing the consumption of purchases online. And I 
think that shift is going to be game-changing. 
 
Prateek Kumar:​
Thank you, Rajnish. These are my questions. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you very much. In the interest of the time, that was the last 
question. I now hand the conference over to management for the closing 
comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Aloke Bajpai: ​
Thank you, everybody, for attending our Q2 earnings and hope you all 
have a great Christmas and New Year break and we'll see you on the other 
side. 
 
Moderator:​
Thank you, sir. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
line. 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 28 
 
