 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg . No. 115 
          CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
 
            You can contact us at: 
Mailing Address:  
           Registered Office: 
 
 
             Toll free No.: 1800 2666 
Sixth floor- Interface 16, 
          ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,              Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Office no 601 & 602, 
          Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi, 
            Website: www.icicilombard.com 
New linking Road, Malad 
          Mumbai - 400 025. 
west, Mumbai - 400064. 
 
 
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/139-10/2025-26 
 
October 20, 2025 
 
To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of earnings conference call for the 
quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2025 
 
This is further to our letter dated October 9, 2025 and October 14, 2025, please note that 
the Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) on 
Tuesday, October 14, 2025 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
In this regard, please find attached transcript of the earnings conference call with 
investor(s) and analyst(s) for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2025.  
 
The above information will also be made available on the Company's website at 
www.icicilombard.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. As above 
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed 
by Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2025.10.20 
16:19:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 32 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO 
MR. ANAND SINGHI – CHIEF – RETAIL AND GOVERNMENT 
MR. GIRISH NAYAK – CHIEF – TECHNOLOGY AND HEALTH UNDERWRITING & 
CLAIMS 
MR. SANDEEP GORADIA – CHIEF – CORPORATE SOLUTIONS, INTERNATIONAL 
& BANCASSURANCE 
MR. GAURAV ARORA – CHIEF – REINSURANCE, UNDERWRITING & CLAIMS 
FOR PROPERTY & CASUALTY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 32 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, a very warm welcome to 
the ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's Q2 & 
H1 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call. 
From the senior management, we have with us today, Mr. 
Sanjeev Mantri – MD & CEO of the Company; Mr. Gopal 
Balachandran – CFO; Mr. Anand Singhi – Chief – Retail and 
Government; Mr. Girish Nayak – Chief – Technology and Health 
Underwriting & Claims; Mr. Sandeep Goradia – Chief – 
Corporate Solutions, International & Bancassurance and Mr. 
Gaurav Arora – Chief – Reinsurance, Underwriting & Claims for 
Property & Casualty. 
Please note that any statements or comments are made in 
today's call that may look like forward-looking statements are 
based on information presently available to the management 
and do not constitute an indication of any future performance 
as future involves risks and uncertainties which could cause 
results to differ materially from the current views being 
expressed. 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 32 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * and then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – MD & 
CEO, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Mantri: Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the 
earnings conference call of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited for 
Q2 & H1 FY2026.  
   
I would like to commence with a brief overview of the recent economic and industry 
trends which have shaped the operating environment over the past few months. 
Following that, our Chief Financial Officer Mr. Gopal Balachandran, will take you 
through the Company’s financial performance for the half-year ended September 
30, 2025. 
 
During the quarter ended June 2025, the Indian economy sustained its robust 
growth trajectory, registering a Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth of 7.8% 
marking a 5-quarter high and surpassing expectations despite global 
uncertainties. The sovereign credit rating upgrade by S&P Global, coming after 18 
years reflects enhanced confidence in India's economic fundamentals, fiscal 
prudence and related policies. 
 
Following on the heels of the 100-bps repo rate cut and targeted income tax 
incentives, the Government has now unveiled a landmark overhaul of the GST 
framework which is expected to turbocharge the consumer sentiment. By 
rationalizing rates and simplifying compliance, the reforms are expected to make 
essential goods and services more accessible and affordable. This is expected to 
unlock stronger, broad-based private consumption and accelerate economic 
activity. Collectively, these three policy actions are projected to inject nearly 
₹2,200–₹3,100 billion into the economy. 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 32 
 
More importantly, these path breaking reforms are expected to provide a 
significant boost to the non-life insurance sector.  The exemption of GST from 
individual health insurance premiums will make healthcare protection more 
affordable for households and is expected to increase the lives covered. In addition, 
the rationalization of GST rates in the automobile sector has lowered the overall 
cost of vehicle ownership. We truly believe that this will increase private mobility, 
enabling more Indians to own vehicles and encouraging upgrades to premium 
models. In line with our customer-first philosophy, we are committed to passing 
the complete benefits of lower GST rates to our policyholders. 
 
In conjunction with the above reforms, I would like to update on the Q2 FY2026 
numbers and dwell on the trends observed, along with their impact on the general 
insurance industry. 
 
 The health segment, continues to remain the largest contributor to the 
Industry, and accounts for almost 40%* of the GDPI mix in H1 FY2026. While 
the market continues to be moderated due to the 1/n accounting norm, post 
September 22, 2025 we have witnessed a significant uptick in the retail 
indemnity segment of business.  We remain confident that more individuals 
and families will continue to enter the health insurance fold and also expand 
their coverage.  
 
 Now coming to the auto sector. In Q2 FY2026, basis the data published by 
FADA1,auto industry has grown by 1.3%. The Private Car segment grew by 
2.9% and the Two-wheeler segment has seen a modest growth of 0.5%. 
However, for the month of September 2025, private car sales grew at 5.8% 
and two wheelers at 6.5% compared to September 2024.   
Notably, for the first nine days of the Navratri festival period, the private car 
and two wheelers growth stood at 34.9% and 36.0% respectively, when 
compared to the Navratri period in FY 2025, which is significantly positive 
even after adjusting for pent up demand. These trends coupled with our 
dominant presence in the OEM space, give us confidence for a positive 
momentum in the second half of the year.  
 
                                                 
* Source :- GI Council and Internal Estimates 
1 FADA - Federation of Automobile Dealers Association 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 32 
 
While the global economic environment remains volatile and uncertain, India’s 
strong macroeconomic fundamentals, supported by a pro-consumption policy 
stance, are expected to act as a buffer and continue to drive domestic economic 
momentum.  
 
Given the supportive regulatory environment, we expect the General Insurance 
industry to sustain its growth trajectory over the medium to long term.  
 
Now coming to the Industry performance for the period ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The General Insurance Industry reported a Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) 
growth of 7.3% for this period. Excluding Crop and Mass Health segments, the 
Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) growth stood at 10.5%* for the referred period 
H1 FY2026.  
 
Speaking of specific segments within the industry: 
 
 The Commercial segment reported a growth of 14.2% for the period ending 
H1 FY2026. The growth was majorly driven by the Fire line of business, 
which witnessed a robust increase of 20.5% during the referred period and 
the same contributes to more than 50% of the commercial business.  
 The Motor segment growth for the industry stood at 7.6% for the period H1 
FY2026. This segment continues to face significant pricing pressure, as 
reflected by higher industry combined ratio for Motor line of business. 
However as mentioned with the current momentum we expect H2 FY2026 
to reflect improved growth levels vis-à-vis the first half of the financial year. 
 The Health segment, including Mass Health, grew by 7.8%* for the period 
ending H1 FY2026. Within this, the Group Health line of business grew by 
8.9%* for H1 FY2026 whereas the Retail Health growth stood at 9.3%* for 
H1 FY2026, impacted by the 1/n accounting norm. 
Speaking on the Underwriting performance of the Industry:  
 
Overall, the CoR (Combined ratio) for the industry, deteriorated from 113.9% in Q1 
FY2025 to 115.0% in Q1 FY2026. The overall CoR for private players remained flat 
                                                 
* Source:- GI Council & Internal Estimates 
 
 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 32 
at 110.8% for the period Q1 FY2025 vis-à-vis 110.7% for Q1 FY2026. Combined 
Ratio for the Motor Line of Business continues to remain elevated at 125.0% for Q1 
FY2026.  
 
Our continued emphasis on profitable growth delivered a lower Combined Ratio 
of 102.9% in Q1 FY2026, over 12 percentage points better than the industry 
average. 
 
I will now proceed to present our Company’s performance across key business 
segments for the period H1 FY2026. 
 
The Company reported a de-growth of 0.5% in Gross Direct Premium Income 
(GDPI), compared to the industry growth of 7.3% for the period H1 FY2026. 
However, excluding the Crop and Mass Health segments, the Company recorded 
a growth of 3.5%, while the industry grew at 10.5%* for the period H1 FY2026. 
 
 In the Commercial lines segment, our growth stood at 6.5% for H1 FY2026 as 
compared to the industry growth of 14.2% for the period H1 FY2026.  
 
We continue to drive profitable growth through prudent underwriting, judicious 
risk selection and through our multi-channel distribution. While growth in the 
fire segment in Q1 FY2026 stood at 10.3%, we have been able to steadily 
increase growth in Q2 FY2026 to 27.3%. Specifically, in the month of September 
2025, we grew at 36.4% in the fire segment. 
 
We retained our leadership position in the Engineering, Liability and Marine 
Cargo lines of business for the period ended H1 FY2026. Furthermore, we 
continue to play the role of a risk solutions partner to our corporate customers, 
through providing them best-in-class Value Added Services which helps them 
mitigate risks with holistic risk management solutions. 
 
 In the Motor segment, our growth stood at 2.2% for H1 FY2026 as against the 
industry growth of 7.6% for the period H1 FY2026. While our growth in the first 
5 months of the financial year stood at 1.3%, the month of September 2025 
witnessed a sharp uptick due to the festive demand and moderation of vehicle 
prices attributable to the GST rate cut, taking our motor insurance growth to 
6.5%. In an increasingly competitive market environment, witnessed over the 
                                                 
* Source:- GI Council & Internal Estimates 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 32 
recent quarters, we expect to maintain the growth momentum that kicked off in 
September while remaining focused on our journey of profitable growth, 
underpinned by continuous distribution expansion and granular portfolio 
segmentation. Importantly, we continue to maintain our leadership position in 
this segment with a market share of 10.4% in H1 FY2026.  
 
We remain agile and are constantly taking conscious calls to optimise the 
portfolio profitability and as a result of these efforts, our portfolio mix for Private 
Car, Two-wheeler and Commercial Vehicle which stood at 52.9%, 25.3% and 
21.8% respectively for H1 FY2025 has moved to a mix of 54.3%, 25.8% and 
19.9% respectively, for H1 FY2026. 
 
 In Health segment we grew by 4.2% for H1 FY2026 as against the industry 
growth of 7.8%* for the period H1 FY2026, on a 1/n basis: 
 
o Our Retail Health business demonstrated strong growth of 25.2% for H1 
FY2026, significantly outpacing the industry growth of 9.3%* as of H1 
FY2026. Consequently, our market share has improved from 3.2%* in H1 
FY2025 to 3.7%* as of H1 FY2026. For the month of September 2025, 
company has crossed 4%* market share in retail health. This performance 
has been driven by ongoing product innovation and sustained investment in 
strengthening our retail health distribution capabilities. This segment is 
expected to see an upward trajectory due to the GST reforms.  
 
o The Group Health segment recorded a de-growth of 0.6% for H1 FY2026 
over H1 FY2025, with our market share being 8.7%* as of H1 FY2026. The 
observed de-growth is attributable to a decline in business generated from 
the health benefit product on account of muted disbursements in the 
unsecured and microfinance sectors. However, on the overall Group Health 
Portfolio we continue to maintain a disciplined approach and in the month of 
September 2025 we grew at 10.5% as compared to industry de-growth of 
1.8%*. 
 
I would now like to apprise you of certain strategic initiatives that continue 
to drive operational excellence and customer-centricity across the 
organization: 
 
                                                 
* Source:- GI Council & Internal Estimates 
 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 32 
o IL Sahayak has further strengthened on-ground claims support for our 
Health 
customers. 
In H1 
FY2026, 
the 
initiative 
touched 
over 58,000 customers, up from over 34,000 in the same period last year. 
We 
received 
feedback 
from over 
22,000 customers 
in 
H1 
FY2026. 94.4% rated their experience as exemplary (≥4.5/5) highlighting the  
 
support during claims processing and assistance with hospital coordination. 
This reaffirms our focus on best-in-class service to our customer during the 
moments that truly matter. Our retail health claim settlement ratio within 30 
days stood at 99.6% for H1 FY2026, placing us among the industry’s top 
performers and underscoring our commitment to prompt, efficient claim 
servicing. 
 
o The Company launched Differentiated Service Desks in June 2025. These 
desks provide tailored servicing for two priority customer segments: senior 
citizens and high product density customers. By identifying these profiles at 
the point of contact and routing them to specialized customer relationship 
managers, we ensure conversations are empathetic, personalized and value 
driven. Over 96,000 calls were handled between June to September 2025 
under this initiative, generating therein 3,000 cross sell opportunities. Our 
belief is that differentiated care simultaneously builds loyalty and long-term 
value. 
 
o Our ‘IL TakeCare’ app, a one-stop solution for insurance and wellness 
needs, has now crossed 18.4 million downloads, reflecting growing 
customer engagement and digital adoption. The gross written premium 
earned from the IL take care app during the period H1 FY2026 was ₹ 2,088.2 
Mn vis-à-vis the premium earnings for H1 FY2025 which stood at ₹ 888.1 
Mn. 
 
o We have continually enhanced our efficiency levels in Motor claims. Our 
Preferred Partner Network (PPN) serviced 75.1% of our non-OEM claims for 
Q2 FY2026, up from 72.8% in Q2 FY2025. Furthermore, in the Motor 
Insurance Own Damage segment, 96.4% of our total claims were paid 
within 30 days for H1 FY2026. If we look at the industry number for the 
period Q1 FY2026, the same stood at 82.4%, clearly highlighting ICICI 
Lombard’s superior claims settlement practice. 
 
o Our unwavering focus on putting the customer first continues to reflect in 
our Net Promoter Scores. For Q1 FY2026, we recorded an NPS of 72 for 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 32 
Health claims and 66 for Motor claims, demonstrating strong satisfaction 
levels and reinforcing our position as a customer-centric organization. 
We continue to demonstrate strong resilience in the face of rapidly evolving 
industry dynamics, underscoring our unwavering focus on delivering sustainable 
and long-term profitability. Our strategic direction is firmly rooted in our ‘One IL, 
One Team’ philosophy, which promotes collaboration, operational excellence and 
a unified approach across the organization. 
 
In conclusion, GST 2.0 & other regulatory reforms being positive for the general 
insurance sector, we are well positioned to ride this momentum, responsibly 
scaling our reach, sharpening our value propositions and converting a more 
supportive demand environment into sustained, high-quality performance. 
 
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for the recently 
concluded quarter and half year. 
 
Gopal Balachandran:  Thanks Sanjeev and Good Evening to each one of you. I will 
now give you a brief overview of the financial performance of the recently 
concluded quarter and half year. We have uploaded the ‘Results Presentation’ on 
our website. You can access it as we walk you through the performance numbers. 
 
With effect from October 1, 2024, Long-term Products are accounted on a 1/n 
basis, as mandated by IRDAI. Hence, H1 FY2026 numbers are not comparable with 
prior periods. Please refer our investor presentation for further details. 
  
Gross Written Premium (GWP) of the Company was at ₹ 151.11 billion in H1 
FY2026 as against ₹ 148.79 billion in H1 FY2025, a growth of 1.6%. 
 
Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the Company was at ₹ 143.31 billion in H1 
FY2026 as against ₹ 144.09 billion in H1 FY2025, a de-growth of 0.5% against the 
industry growth of 7.3%. Excluding Crop and Mass Health, GDPI growth of the 
Company was at 3.5%, as against the industry growth of 10.5%* in H1 FY2026. 
 
Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the Company was at ₹ 65.96 billion in Q2 
FY2026 as against ₹ 67.21 billion in Q2 FY2025, a de-growth of 1.9% against the 
industry growth of 5.9% for the same period. Excluding Crop and Mass Health, 
                                                 
* Source:- GI Council and Internal Estimates 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 32 
GDPI growth of the Company was at 3.5%, as against the industry growth of 9.8%* 
in Q2 FY2026 
 
Our GDPI during the quarter was mainly driven by growth in the preferred lines of 
business. The overall GDPI of our Commercial lines segment grew by 6.1% to ₹ 
15.84 billion in Q2 FY2026 as against ₹ 14.93 billion in Q2 FY2025. 
 
On the retail side of business, GDPI of the Motor segment was at ₹ 25.11 billion in 
Q2 FY2026 as against ₹ 24.82 billion in Q2 FY2025, registering a growth of 1.2%. 
 
 
 
 The advance premium was ₹ 39.13 billion as at September 30, 2025, as 
against ₹ 38.07 billion as at June 30, 2025. 
GDPI of the Health segment was at ₹ 16.49 billion in Q2 FY2026 as against ₹ 15.29 
billion in Q2 FY2025, registering a growth of 7.8%.  
 
 Our agents (including Point of sale or POS) count, was 1,47,408 as on 
September 30, 2025, from 1,43,675 as at June 30, 2025.  
During the quarter the industry witnessed multiple CAT events, namely floods in 
various states of the country, thereby impacting our Combined ratio which was 
104.0% for H1 FY2026 as against 103.2% for H1 FY2025.  Excluding the impact of 
CAT losses of ₹ 0.73 billion in H1 FY2026 and ₹ 0.94 billion in H1 FY2025, the 
Combined ratio was 103.3% and 102.2% respectively.  
 Combined ratio was 105.1% in Q2 FY2026 as against 104.5% in Q2 FY2025. 
Excluding the impact of CAT losses of ₹ 0.73 billion in Q2 FY2026 and ₹ 0.94 
billion in Q2 FY2025, the Combined ratio was 103.8% and 102.6% 
respectively.  
Our investment assets during the quarter rose to ₹ 562.00 billion as at September 
30, 2025, from ₹ 554.53 billion as at June 30, 2025. Our investment leverage (net 
of borrowings) was 3.57x as at September 30, 2025, as against 3.74x as at June 
30, 2025.  
Investment income was at ₹ 25.38 billion in H1 FY2026 as against ₹ 22.52 billion 
in H1 FY2025. On a quarterly basis investment income was at ₹ 12.49 billion in Q2 
FY2026 as against ₹ 11.24 billion in Q2 FY2025.  
                                                 
* Source:- GI Council & Internal Estimates 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 32 
Our capital gains (net of impairment on investment assets) stood at ₹ 6.16 billion 
in H1 FY2026 as compared to ₹ 5.21 billion in H1 FY2025. Capital gains (net of 
impairment on investment assets) stood at ₹ 2.36 billion in Q2 FY2026 as 
compared to ₹ 2.37 billion in Q2 FY2025.  
Our Profit before tax (PBT), grew by 22.3% and stood at ₹ 20.71 billion in H1 
FY2026 as against ₹ 16.93 billion in H1 FY2025, whereas PBT grew by 17.2% at ₹ 
10.77 billion in Q2 FY2026 as against ₹ 9.19 billion in Q2 FY2025.   
 
Consequently, Profit after tax (PAT), grew by 22.9% and stood at ₹ 15.67 billion in 
H1 FY2026 as against ₹ 12.74 billion in H1 FY2025.  PAT grew by 18.1% at ₹ 8.20 
billion in Q2 FY2026 from ₹ 6.94 billion in Q2 FY2025.    
 
Return on Average Equity i.e., ROAE was 20.8% in H1 FY2026 as against 20.3% in 
H1 FY2025. The ROAE for Q2 FY2026 was 21.4% as against 21.8% in Q2 FY2025. 
 
Solvency ratio was at 2.73x as at September 30, 2025, as against 2.70x as at June 
30, 2025, continued to be higher than the minimum regulatory requirement of 
1.50x. Solvency Ratio was at 2.69x as at March 31, 2025.  
 
The Board of Directors of the company has declared interim dividend of ₹ 6.50 per 
share for H1 FY2026 as against ₹ 5.50 per share for H1 FY2025. 
  
As I conclude, I would like to reaffirm that we continue to stay focused on driving 
profitable growth and sustainable value creation while protecting the interest of 
our stakeholders and customers at all times.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-
and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of 
Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi, everyone. Congrats on a good set of numbers. Firstly, just 
on this GST impact, the input tax credit will not be available for 
the Health insurance piece and so what was the impact of that 
in whatever the sales would have happened in 2Q? And 
secondly, going ahead, how are you trying to offset this 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 32 
whether through commission cuts or balancing it across the 
other products that you have? 
Gopal Balachandran: So Prayesh, I think September is just about 9 days and 
therefore to that extent, it is honestly too premature to call out 
in terms of what has been the impact. The key thing to look out 
is what we kind of spelt out as a part of the opening script. I 
think what we are seeing on ground, I think the demand 
momentum seems to be very promising and to that extent is 
what we have kind of clearly got reflected as a part of, clearly 
increased volume of Retail Health policies getting sourced. I 
think the key to look for is, how do we see, let say, things 
playing out over the next couple of quarters. We are optimistic 
in terms of how this particular reform is likely to kind of play 
out. And in that context is how we have kind of looked at even, 
let say, possibly the eventual impact of any input tax credit on 
sourcing. I think obviously to that extent, we have 
communicated that it will be a part of the overall distribution 
cost in terms of how do we kind of manage the cost of sourcing. 
So in that context even any related input credit will be a part 
and parcel of that. That is the way how we are looking at it. 
But more importantly, as I said, what we are quite excited and 
optimistic is the relative scale up that one expects consequent 
to this reform that has got announced. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Absolutely, Gopal. Prayesh, just to put across, we have been 
always discussing, debating in terms of what the sweet spot 
can be, can it be 12%? can it be this? Eventually, this stimulus 
which has come has been the biggest marketing in terms of 
letting the customer, every Indian know that Health insurance 
is important. And this move is very significant in terms of 

 
 
 
Page 13 of 32 
managing a cost structure something which, there was always 
a need. I think the industry is working to make it more 
reasonable and it is also a win-win because the volumes that 
will come on account of that will also see that our partners 
have enhanced income. So there is a clear play which is evident 
and for us as a multiline Company more so, it puts us in a very 
comfortable spot because we have got other lines also. This is 
one component of the whole thing and we are seeing 
tremendous tailwinds. You can see our own growth numbers 
on Retail Indemnity which have been way ahead of the 
industry and this further stimulus that comes in also gives us 
an ability to scale at a much faster speed with a responsible 
underwriting. So the guardrails which will continue to guide us 
is that we underwrite in a responsible manner and then the rest 
should flow out and get evened out with the volumes that will 
come through it. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sure. But just further on that, Gopal, any impact that you would 
have seen in, I understand it is just for 9 days, but would that 
have elevated the cost ratios in this quarter in 2Q for the Health 
segment? And also, are you looking to increase the distributor, 
are you looking to cut the distributor commissions, any 
communications or any negotiations that would have been 
started in that regard? 
Gopal Balachandran: So one, I think as we keep saying Prayesh, I think when you 
look at the sourcing objective, particularly in the context of 
Retail Health, we have always kind of looked at in the context 
of the Combined ratio of the book that we are kind of wanting 
to write at. And there, I think clearly if you see even on the loss 
experiences, pretty much even if you look at quarter two or 

 
 
 
Page 14 of 32 
even for the matter of fact half year, the loss experience have 
pretty much played out in line with our expectations. So hence 
to that extent, the portfolio is kind of doing well. And linked to 
that is our cost of sourcing, which is obviously a part and parcel 
of the overall Combined numbers, which is what I called out. At 
this point of time, the way we are looking at is, whatever cost 
that we would incur as a part of sourcing will pretty much 
factor in also the related possible loss that one is expected to 
see consequent to any loss of input tax credit that we will see 
in the context of Retail Health. But having said that, what is 
more relevant is what even Sanjeev was kind of articulating. I 
think we will be kind of pretty much kind of pleased to look at 
how things will play out for quarter three and this is something 
that even the distributors will start kind of seeing the impact 
and the benefits. The increased volumes automatically 
translates into a better revenue stream for them. And therefore, 
when they look at their overall distribution income, they would 
kind of clearly realize that they are clearly far better off in terms 
of where they are. And at this point of time, no significant 
changes to let say, whatever our overall cost of sourcing has 
been. I think anything that we would incur as a part of sourcing 
would also include the elements of input tax credit 
disallowance that we will see on the Retail Health book. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Gopal, the other question was if I look at the NWP to 
GWP, that ratio has inched up or any change in reinsurance 
strategy which has kind of moved that or it is just a product mix 
kind of a change? 
Gopal Balachandran: You have the answer, Prayesh. And so therefore, to that extent 
is what we keep saying. I think our businesses is obviously kind 

 
 
 
Page 15 of 32 
of cyclical on different lines of businesses. As you would have 
seen, in quarter two last year, we did have a relatively higher 
proportion of Crop mix, which obviously has relatively lower 
retention. Compared to that, if you would have seen quarter 
two of this year, our proportion of Crop is definitely much lower, 
and therefore to that extent and the fact that Retail Health for 
us has kind of done very well. It was Q2 of last year is when 
we had kind of largely launched Elevate as a solution. And 
through the next 12 months as we speak is where we have 
been able to kind of witness an improvement in sourcing, . Also 
our retail health market share in the month of September is 
exceeding more than 4%, basis our internal estimates. So given 
the fact that has also kind of done well, where predominantly 
retain a large part of the risk on the net. So hence, short 
answer, no material change to the thought process in terms of 
core reinsurance philosophy.  The outcome on the net premium 
to gross premium is purely a function of the change in the 
business mix that one has seen between quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Madhukar 
Ladha from Nuvama Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi. So a couple of questions on my side. First, if I look at the 
commission ratio that’s inched up significantly in Q2, so 
probably more product mix and is it also because of longer-
term products that we are writing, is it because of that? 
Second, on Motor OD, we see an inch up in the loss ratio and 
very high competitive intensity, and we are losing sort of 
market share also in that line of business. So with the GST cut, 
what would you expect from here? Should we expect sort of 
the competitive intensity to come down and some market 

 
 
 
Page 16 of 32 
share recovery happening out there? And why are our loss 
ratios going up despite we being sort of more conservative in 
this line of business? 
Gopal Balachandran: So Madhukar, on the first part, again, as we keep saying, one 
is what you rightly answered and what I kind of talked about, 
there is always an element of change in the business mix in 
terms of what you look at in quarter two versus, lets say, 
quarter one or even for the matter of fact, when you look at a 
comparable quarter last year. But the larger way that we have 
always looked at is in the context of the overall expense of 
management, which as a Company, as we keep saying, is 
something that we are very conscious of and even if you look 
at it for on a half yearly basis, our expense of management 
numbers are well within the limits of the 30% threshold that 
one has put out. So hence in that context, we are pretty much 
on course in terms of what we want to achieve. Again, at the 
end of the day, commission ratios, whichever way you look at 
it, will also be a function of what mix of business do you end up 
underwriting more in terms of the new vs renewal business 
underwritten. In the context of Retail Health which we spoke 
about, the same is doing well in terms of the overall loss 
experience, a large part of the book that we have sourced also 
comes in the context of a new growth and that would entail 
some amount of cost of sourcing. So a lot of factors. But if you 
ask us, what we are quite comfortable with is the fact that we 
stay within the 30% limit on overall expense of management. 
Madhukar Ladha: Sorry, is there any impact of GST, ITC in order to meet this? 

 
 
 
Page 17 of 32 
Gopal Balachandran: Which is what I called out.  At least so far as quarter two is 
concerned, which is why I kind of also responded to Prayesh's 
question. At this point of time, honestly, the commission ratio 
does not have any significant impact, at least so far as the 
essential material impact of GST is concerned. To the second 
point on the Motor Own Damage loss ratios, I think this is 
something that I keep talking about every quarter, for we 
should keep looking at one is, of course, is quarter to quarter a 
right comparison, honestly, as we keep saying, there are 
various factors or nuances that go into the loss ratio numbers. 
Secondly, as we have always mentioned in the past, the better 
way to look at is more in terms of Motor as a category and that 
to more on ideally on a year to date basis. If you recollect, just 
to refresh, the overall Motor loss ratio range that we have 
spoken about to the streets have been in the range of 65%-
67%. Even if you look at the first half numbers for overall motor, 
the overall loss ratio stands at, if I remember the numbers 
correctly, it is about 66.6%. So it is well within that range of 
65%-67% in terms of what we want to operate. Hence, but yes, 
between periods, there can always be, let’s say, some bit of 
volatility to the overall loss numbers. But honestly, what we are 
again, comfortable with is within the range that one is 
operating at. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Also Madhukar, just to add to this for you and everybody else 
who are on the call is also the configuration of business. If you 
see relatively, if the new business is on the higher side, the loss 
ratios do tend to get lower while the old one, the loss ratios are 
high. So there is a mix that comes in and you know that the 
growth, if we leave aside what happened prior to September 

 
 
 
Page 18 of 32 
22nd, was very muted. So we were seeing a lot more growth 
coming from the old vehicle where loss ratio can be a bit more 
elevated. So that element also gets played out and there is also 
quarter two, wherein little bit of CAT part that comes in to play 
which makes the loss ratios look elevated. So there is a 
combination which we don't see any challenge, as we continue 
to maintain our discipline. Also we are excited about the fact 
that the industry may probably see record numbers in the 
coming quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sanket 
Godha from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanket Godha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Gopal, given GST cut IDV will 
come down, so is it fair to assume that your Motor OD loss 
ratios invariably will go up because of the vehicle GST cuts. 
And do you think the ROE depletion which could happen 
because of the higher loss ratios in Motor OD, can it be more 
than compensated or at least compensated by the extra float 
either in the form of advanced premium or the premium you will 
collect because of the new sales? Will it be good enough to see 
the positive rub-off on profitability? Also related to that, on TP 
side, given GST on CV has been reduced and you have input 
credit benefit, so indirectly it is kind of a price hike to you guys. 
So just wondering that given we were never such a strong 
player in CV segment, given we are seeing a bit of uptake in 
CV segment in 2nd quarter compared to 1Q, whether you will 
change a bit of strategy on CV going ahead or not. So that is 
largely the question I have on Motor piece? 

 
 
 
Page 19 of 32 
Gopal Balachandran: Yes, I think possibly Sanket, you have actually answered what 
you wanted to ask. So therefore, to that extent, pretty much 
what you kind of asked.  One, on the Motor Own Damage side, 
again, let us look at it in the context of what is happening on 
ground. There seems to be clearly a lot of festive cheer. There 
clearly is an element of pent-up demand and therefore pretty 
much similar to what I spoke in the context of Health. This is 
there to witness in terms of the data that was released by 
FADA, which is what we kind of put out as a part of the 
opening transcript. Clearly, there seems to be renewed 
momentum on ground in terms of increased volume of vehicle 
sales. That is an area from an ICICI Lombard standpoint where 
we clearly have an edge. That is the reason why we are 
specifically also called out to say that relative to what one had 
experienced in the first 5 months, when you particularly look at 
the month of September, we have been able to kind of get back 
a lot of our lost momentum. And hence, to that extent, we 
believe we are positively placed in so far as the opportunity for 
the future is concerned. On the impact on the possible 
reduction, of course, as we have again articulated as a 
responsible institution, we will obviously make sure that 
whatever is required to be passed on to the consumers in the 
form of the reform that has been entailed pretty much on 
course to make sure that all of those things will be passed on 
and that is what we have done. Also of course, as you rightly 
said, there are those various factors, depending on what 
volumes or what type of vehicles our customers are wanting to 
buy which will be a factor to determine how some part of the 
impact will get played out. Our own efficiencies that we can 
bring about in the context of the business mix that we write will 

 
 
 
Page 20 of 32 
also be an element that will kind of to some extent take care of 
some of the possible impact that one would see on the book, 
assuming we don't do anything on the drop in the value of the 
vehicle. Thirdly it is obviously, again, a function of the claim 
efficiencies. As an organization, again, we have time and again 
spoken about the various claim intervention initiatives that we 
have kind of worked on. So all of this, which is why we called 
out even at the time when these announcements were made, 
we had said that all said and done, from an ICICI Lombard 
standpoint, we should be able to kind of take some of these 
impacts within the overall scale of operations. The key thing to 
look out for will be how things play out over the next couple of 
quarters, which is where we are kind of very positive and 
optimistic in terms of how do we see things playing out on 
ground. On the impact side, we think this is something that we 
should be able to kind of manage within the overall scale of 
operations. 
Sanket Godha: 
Got it, Gopal. And lastly, on data keeping, with reinsurance 
accepted business ₹ 462 crores what we did in current quarter 
or even a much bigger number in first half, it is largely related 
to which line of business and this number will continue even in 
second half? 
Gopal Balachandran: So again, Sanket, this question does keep coming to us at 
different time points. What we have clearly maintained is 
pretty much similar to what we have kind of talked about in the 
context of Crop. These are opportunistic calls that we take 
purely from an underwriting standpoint. Whatever fits within 
our underwriting acceptances criteria is what we end up 
writing, whether it is for direct or even for the matter of fact as 

 
 
 
Page 21 of 32 
reinsurance acceptances. But each of this, even if you look at it 
on a full year basis, for example, last year, our overall 
proportion of reinsurance acceptances to the total volume of 
gross premium that we would have underwritten as a 
Company has been clearly a single digit number. So when you 
start looking at some of these numbers, particularly vis-à-vis a 
quarter, there can always be aberrations when you start 
looking at it in the context of percentages. But if you ask us 
from a thought process or lets say, from a philosophy 
standpoint, purely guided by the underwriting filters that we 
kind of put in terms of risk acceptance, and do we expect each 
of these to suddenly become a very large proportion of our 
overall gross premium, the short answer is no. It will be well 
within the defined limit that we have as an institution. 
Sanket Godha: 
Got it, Gopal. Thanks for the answers. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Sanket. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nidhesh 
from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on Retail Health 
insurance. So can you share loss ratios in the Retail Health 
insurance and Group Health insurance for the quarter? And 
second is, what is the share of agency and non-agency 
channel in the Retail Health insurance? I am trying to 
understand how we have been able to show pretty strong 
growth in Retail Health insurance over the last one year? 
Gopal Balachandran: I was just waiting for this question to be asked in the context 
of the split between loss ratios on Retail Indemnity and let us 

 
 
 
Page 22 of 32 
say the Corporate Health. So I will just first give the numbers 
for quarter two last year and first, I will give the Group Health 
or let us say, the Employer-Employee Health numbers. Q2 last 
year, Employer-Employee or Group Health numbers was 98% 
on the loss ratio. This number for quarter two of the current 
year stands at about 93.7%. And on a half yearly basis, again 
Employer-Employee loss ratio H1 last year, that number was 
98%. This number for H1 of the current year is at 94.6%. That 
is Employer-Employee Health. On Retail Indemnity, again in the 
same order, quarter two last year, the loss ratio was 70.3% and 
H1 of last year was 71.4%. And if you look at quarter two of 
the current year, the loss ratio on Retail Indemnity stands at 
65.4%. And on a half yearly basis, it stands at about 69.7%. 
Now, just to kind of again refresh, on the Retail Indemnity book, 
pretty much similar to what I spoke about on overall Motor, 
where to the streets we have been generally talking about a 
loss ratio range that we are comfortable at 65%-67%. Even on 
Retail Health Indemnity, the range that we have been speaking 
about is to maintain the loss ratio in the range of 65%-70%. 
And if you see on a half yearly basis, on the Retail Health 
Indemnity book, the loss ratio is within that range of 65%-70%. 
So that is where we are in terms of the split of the loss ratio 
numbers. On the split of the business between agency and 
other than agency, generally the proportion of the book that we 
do through agency is about two-thirds roughly and the rest of 
the book will be the balance one-third. 
Nidhesh: 
And both channels are growing at a similar pace? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Agency has been relatively faster at this point of time. But it is, 
both of them are in very relatively high zone because the 

 
 
 
Page 23 of 32 
overall growth itself of the book is in the 50s range if you look 
at n basis. So there is a significant traction that we see and we 
are excited about both the opportunities whether agency or 
non-agency. 
Nidhesh: 
Sure. Thank you. That is it from my side. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Nidhesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Avinash 
Singh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Hi. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. 
First, can you please sort of provide some color on your market 
share in Motor in terms of new and renewal? I am asking 
because if I understand correctly, your pricing is reasonably 
higher than aggressive competitors and you have a kind of a 
strong acceptance at the dealer points. So in that context, I 
wanted to understand if there is wide divergence in market 
share in the new or vis-à-vis renewal market in Motor? That is 
one. Second, now with this GST thing in action, in terms of 
growth driver at the industry level, do you think industry at the 
aggregate level going to return to a strong growth phase 
probably in the next year or so? Because in the recent year, 
Motor vehicle sales have been one kind of a pinpoint, then you 
also had some of these schemes fading out, of course, does not 
matter for you much, but like the Crop insurance and all that 
have been seeing a bit of a decline. So at the aggregate level, 
what could we do in terms of the value terms premium driver 
for the industry, probably in FY2027? Thanks. 

 
 
 
Page 24 of 32 
Gopal Balachandran: So Avinash, honestly, what we can talk about is more at an 
aggregate level in terms of Motor as a category. In terms of 
market share, which is there, if you look at the first half of last 
year, we had a market share of roughly about 10.9% and if you 
look at the first half of the current year, we have a market share 
of roughly about 10.4%. This is both half year to half year. 
Within that, we keep kind of toggling between new and 
renewal. So honestly, I think it's too difficult to kind of call out 
specifically what could be the market share, because that could 
keep changing depending on what kind of a mix of the portfolio 
that one wants to kind of underwrite. So that is the reason why 
we are not specifically calling out in terms of what would be 
market share between new and what would be market share 
between the renewal book. To your second point on do we 
expect the demand on ground to sustain even for the next 
year? Honestly, we will obviously play through the quarters in 
terms of how one sees demand playing out, which is what we 
called out even on the opening transcript. The good part is,  the 
pace of reform that has been exhibited across the various 
regulatory authorities,  has clearly set the tone on ground. And 
that is also kind of reflective in terms of the outcomes that one 
has seen in the initial few days of, let say, the quarter ended 
September. And the good news is, I think I am sure all of you 
are equally tracking in terms of what is happening on ground, 
particularly with respect to the volume of vehicle sales that is 
playing out. At the initial indications, even if one was to see in 
the months of October, I think the demand definitely is kind of 
continuing. And therefore, there is a clear expectation with 
some of these action/reforms that has been exhibited, as I said, 
across the various regulatory authorities, looks to be very kind 

 
 
 
Page 25 of 32 
of conducive for the momentum to sustain over the next few 
quarters. But honestly, we will keep coming back to all of you 
in terms of what do we see on ground across various quarters. 
But at least clearly, as what one said, the tone that has been 
set clearly looks quite promising when you look at the road 
ahead and Sanjeev in case you would like to add something. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
No, absolutely right. Even if you look at in a bit of, you get to 
the second layer of number, the total incremental accretion in 
Motor has been on  ₹ 3,300 crore. And you see the distribution 
of that pie, you realize that one PSU itself has picked up more 
than ₹ 1,000 crore. So it has been a very skewed one where 
things have moved not in a distributed manner and whenever 
something like this is there, we will have to be very picky. We 
still continue to be number one player as far as Motor category 
is concerned. We do acknowledge the fact that the loss of half 
a percent is more tactical where we do believe if it is not 
making sense, we will let it pass. But we also are aware that 
no one can keep doing something like this over sustained 
quarter/s after quarter/s. So we need to be patient. And just to 
add on to the fact, clearly, yes, new is our strength that we do 
see tremendous tailwind and we spoke about it very 
categorically. Will that lead to Motor industry per se showing a 
better growth? The belief and the answer is clearly we do 
believe so, but it has to pan out on a more consistent basis. The 
only element that we want to adjust at this point of time is 
there was a pent-up demand, which also was there because 
post August 15, there wasn't much happening in the market. 
Our maths says even adjusted to that, the excitement in the 
market is very high and we will stay connected. I am sure those 

 
 
 
Page 26 of 32 
numbers which you all are very well aware of, but we see a 
significant opportunity in quarter three and probably even H2 
of this financial year. And this should augur well for the 
industry, even for next financial year if that is what your 
question is. 
Avinash Singh: 
Thanks. And Any view on Motor TP tariffs? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Well, your guess will be as good as ours. We keep hearing that 
something is on the anvil and the industry's demand per se on 
seeing some bit of a hike or adjustment or realignment of Motor 
TP is there in every single forum. And we do expect and believe 
that we will hear a positive news on that sooner than later. 
Avinash Singh: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Avinash. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Shreya Shivani from 
Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I just have one question. 
This is on the Commercial segment. I mean..there have been 
many media articles, whether it be Fire, Marine, Crop, there is 
increased competition in the segment. Now, I understand that 
you guys are still growing quite well. However, if I look at your 
underwriting profit in the Fire book, 1H over 1H, it is down. The 
underwriting profit in the Miscellaneous Corporate book, it has 
turned loss making in this 1H versus previous 1H. So is it fair to 
assess that there has been some impact on our book because 
of the competition or the price war that is going on in the 

 
 
 
Page 27 of 32 
segment in spite of the growth that we have been delivering? 
That is the only question I have? 
Gopal Balachandran: So Shreya, I think again particularly on Commercial lines, the 
portfolio inherently is subject to an element of volatility when 
you look at it purely from an absolute underwriting outcome. 
The reason why we is saying this is, increasingly you are 
getting to experience a lot many more catastrophic events play 
out or as a matter of fact, even if you possibly experience any 
large risk event, then to that extent, you may possibly see the 
outcome of the underwriting book kind of reflecting an 
outcome which for a particular given period could be adverse 
compared to any other relative reference quarters. But having 
said that, I think from our standpoint, which is what we have 
been talking through, consistently our approach or thought 
process to writing risk has been to kind of keep looking for 
prudent/profitable risk selection portfolio. That is not just 
across Commercial lines, even across other lines of businesses. 
That is the reason why I think at an aggregate level, in the 
initial few months, we actually have been kind of losing again 
some market. But the good news is again, things seems to be 
kind of looking up quite positively for us when you see the 
month of September. Hence, to that extent, we continue to stay 
looking for profitable risk selection opportunities. Outcomes or 
underwriting, whether you take Fire, whether you take 
Miscellaneous Corporate, or for the matter of fact, anything 
from an absolute basis will be purely a reflection of some of the 
loss events that could have got played out in that particular 
quarter. The real reflection is, as what we keep saying, on the 
overall Commercial lines book, that is a book that has 

 
 
 
Page 28 of 32 
inherently generated us good cash flows. It has also enabled 
us to kind of generate better ROE. And overall, the book that 
we have been writing has seen decent Combined ratio 
outcome. So that is something from a philosophy standpoint 
that we stand committed. But as I said, in a given quarter or so 
from an absolute outcome will be purely a function of some of 
the loss events. 
Shreya Shivani: 
So ideally, what time period should I look if I want to 
understand the Fire performance? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So Shreya, time period, I think submission of quarters, which is 
there in the past 3 years or so, if you look at where the average 
is, can give you a very decent indication in terms of where the 
loss ratio resides. A quarter-to-quarter movement, as Gopal 
explained, can be very dangerous to take a call. The long and 
short, which we can put across very confidently is there was a 
CAT event, there was one or two large losses, which is kind of 
reflected, but it can play out over a couple of quarters, and you 
will see moderation in the loss ratio overall in time to come. But 
the best way to look at it is digging the past and seeing 
submission. If you look at last 10 quarters, 12 quarters, how 
does the loss ratio move, you will get a very clear indication 
that this is what broadly the range is. In our mind, this is 
absolutely nothing. In fact, I can share with you that the rate, 
which is there on the risk basis, we realized more than 20% 
than what we used to. And I would also put across the fact that 
this was a lower base. Last year, if you see the commentary 
that we had on Fire, the industry was not pricing it 
appropriately. Some bit of semblance has come and that has 
helped each of the industry players, including ourselves, but 

 
 
 
Page 29 of 32 
what we tried is not on the incremental risk, but the selection 
of risk that we want to ride. And that is what can be a big 
differentiator over submission of quarters. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. This is very useful. Thank you and all the best. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Shreya. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Neeraj 
Toshniwal from UBS Securities. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Hi, everyone. I think a lot of debate has already happened on 
this. But still, to get more sense on how should one think about 
second half in terms of growth and Combined both, any color 
will be more helpful because definitely 9 days have been 
positive. But to get a sense, because it will be obvious also in 
terms of 1/n impact, which started from last 1st October, which 
will also be a positive thing to support growth. How should one 
think about growth and then obviously in terms of underwriting 
profits and then overall profits? 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Neeraj. Finally, hopefully from next quarter onwards, 
we don't have to really kind of talk about this n and 1/n. 
Therefore, to that extent, All of us, there will be one set of 
numbers that we will kind of start looking at it collectively. But 
having said that, if you look at the narrative that we have 
largely spoken Neeraj, to all of you is that on ground, which is 
what we kind of have been calling out. We are very excited and 
pleased with how some of the regulatory actions are getting 
translated in terms of reforms on ground. And hence, to that 
extent, from an ICICI Lombard standpoint, we are very well 
poised to capitalize this opportunity of growth across streams 

 
 
 
Page 30 of 32 
of businesses. So hence, to that extent, possibly the extent of 
market share loss that one had seen, particularly over the last 
couple of few quarters, one definitely expects that particular 
trend line to start getting reversed. And hence, to that extent, 
in line with what we have been saying, we should logically 
start getting incremental market share vis-à-vis the industry 
overall growth numbers. That is more from an overall growth 
standpoint. But when it comes to more Combined ratio/ ROEs, 
both Sanjeev and all of us, in general, what we have been 
talking about is to try and sustain that ROE in that range of 
18%-20%. And even if you look at it, whether you look at 
quarter two or even for the matter of fact, if you look at half 
year, we have largely been able to kind of stay around the 
range of 18%-20% from an ROE standpoint. And therefore, 
even as we head into the second half, we will be extremely 
mindful of making sure that we are able to sustain this. But all 
of this, we will obviously keep a very close watch in terms of 
how the industry is also kind of declaring their numbers. We do 
understand that some companies have started declaring 
results for quarter two and we will see the directional trend on 
how it plays out from our standpoint. Sanjeev, if you want to 
add anything. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
No. I think you have spoken and this is well spoken. I think 
nothing more to add to this. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Got it. And just one bookkeeping, what is the yield right now 
and the duration of the book and the long-term portfolio now 
versus last year? 

 
 
 
Page 31 of 32 
Gopal Balachandran: So the duration of the book is about 4.74 years and yield on the 
book, YTM is about 7.39%. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: And on the long-term portfolio, if we have that data handy? 
Gopal Balachandran: Long-term portfolio, are you referring in the context of on the 
business side? 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Yes. 
Gopal Balachandran: So on N to 1/N, that is the number that we have called out 
separately, Neeraj, in our investor deck. If you look at the total 
long-term premium that could have got recognized as premium 
on a half yearly basis is roughly about ₹ 6.2 billion. And for the 
quarter, that number stands at roughly about ₹ 3.6 billion. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Thank you. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Neeraj. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last 
question for today. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thank you so much for joining in. We run into festivities going 
forward. So we would wish each one of you and your family 
members a great, safe, Happy Diwali. These are exciting times 
for us as an industry. While there are some questions in terms 
of how it will evolve, we truly believe that directionally H2 
would see far more tailwinds. We will stay connected. We look 
forward to meeting with each one of you as and when you are 
back with your respective holidays. Have a great time with 
your families and be safe, be happy. Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
Page 32 of 32 
Gopal Balachandran: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance 
Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Safe Harbor:          Except for the historical information contained herein, statements 
in this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 
'would' , ‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions 
or variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward-
looking statements'. These forward-looking statements involve 
a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested 
by 
the 
forward-looking 
statements. 
These 
risks 
and 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to our ability to 
successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion 
in business, the impact of any acquisitions, technological 
implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for 
insurance products and services, investment income, cash flow 
projections, our exposure to market risks, policies and actions 
of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the impact of 
changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and 
other legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as 
other risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, 
our holding company with the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank and we undertake no 
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect 
events or circumstances after the date there. 
 
