Sunteck Realty Ltd. 
                   
 
5th Floor, Sunteck Centre, 37-40 Subhash Road, Vile Parle (East), Mumbai 400057. Tel: +91 22 4287 7800 Fax: +91 22 4287 7890  
Website: www.sunteckindia.com CIN: L32100MH1981PLC025346 Email Id: cosec@sunteckindia.com  
SRL/SE/59/25-26                                                                                     Date: 28th October, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: SUNTECK 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 512179 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q2 and H1 FY2026 Results and Business 
Updates 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India                      
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in furtherance to our 
letter dated 20th October, 2025, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference 
Call on Q2 and H1 FY2026 Results and Business Updates. The said transcript is also uploaded 
on the website of the Company which can be accessed at the link mentioned below: 
 
https://www.sunteckindia.com/images/investor/financial/1761642344_sunteck-earnings-call-
transcript-q2.pdf  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Sunteck Realty Limited 
 
 
 
Rachana Hingarajia 
Company Secretary 
(ACS No.: 23202) 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rachana 
Vipul 
Hingarajia
Digitally signed by 
Rachana Vipul 
Hingarajia 
Date: 2025.10.28 
14:55:26 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
“Sunteck Realty Limited Earnings Call for Q2 & H1 
FY'26” 
 
October 20, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMAL KHETAN - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SUNTECK REALTY LIMITED 
MR. PRASHANT CHAUBEY - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, SUNTECK REALTY LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK SHUKLA - VICE PRESIDENT 
(STRATEGY & INVESTOR RELATIONS), SUNTECK 
REALTY LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
October 20, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sunteck Realty's Earnings Call for Q2 & H1 
FY'26. We have with us today Mr. Kamal Khetan – the Chairman & Managing Director of the 
Company, Mr. Prashant Chaubey – the Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Abhishek Shukla – the 
Vice President of Strategy & Investor Relations. 
Please note this call will be for 30 minutes and for the duration of this conference call, all 
participant lines will be in a listen-only mode. This Conference Call is being recorded and the 
transcript for the same may be put on the Company's website. 
After the management discussion, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. There 
will be a Q&A session and we request to restrict questions to two per participant. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on 
your touchtone phone. 
Before I hand the conference over to the management, I would like to remind you that certain 
statements made during the course of this call may not be based on historical information or 
facts and may be forward-looking statements, including those related to business statements, 
plans and strategies of the company, its future financial condition and growth prospect. These 
forward-looking statements are based on expectations and projections and may involve a number 
of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, opportunities and 
growth potential to differ materially from those suggested by such statements. 
I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Khetan, the Chairman & Managing Director of 
the Company. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Kamal Khetan: 
A very good afternoon and Happy Diwali to everyone and thank you for joining us today. I 
would like to take you through the key development for this period. 
We achieved yet another good pre-sales performance of Rs. 7 billion in Q2 of FY'26, 
representing a year-on-year growth of 34%. On a half-yearly basis, our pre-sales has strongly 
grown by 32% to nearly Rs. 14 billion. The growth in pre-sales was driven by a project both in 
Uber luxury and premium luxury segment. We are confident of achieving similar growth for the 
full year of FY'26. 
Now, on the cash flow front: 
We have generated a strong net operating cash flow surplus of Rs. 2.6 billion in first half of 
FY'26, a growth of 35% year-on-year. This has enabled us to maintain our net debt equity at 
negligible levels of 0.04x despite the strong investments in business development. We have 
invested Rs. 4.3 billion in first half of the year in business development compared to Rs. 1.8 
billion for the full year of FY'25. This demonstrates that we are committed towards expanding 
our development portfolio. 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
October 20, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 8 
In the first half, we have added two projects in the western suburbs of MMR. The first one is a 
large redevelopment project at Andheri near Western Express Highway with a GDV value of 
Rs. 11 billion and second one in joint development at Mira Road on Western Express Highway 
with a GDV of Rs. 12 billion. 
Now, I would like to share about a latest by-invite only a real estate lifestyle brand Emaance. 
Emaance is a new word actually authored by Sunteck that unites magnitude and magnificence 
and immensity with indulgence. Through this brand, Sunteck aims to take the luxury living to 
the next level and sets new benchmark that the Indian real estate market has never seen. The 
inaugural portfolio under the Emaance includes a marquee project of Nepeansea Road which 
will be the most luxury and the exclusive residential development of the country. 
Now, last but not the least, on the sustainability front, the Company has been awarded coveted 
five-star rating by Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark, GRESB with an outstanding 
score of 99 out of 100 in 2025, a significant three-point improvement over the previous year, 
highlighting the Company's strong focus on environment, social and governance excellence. I 
shall now hand over the mic to Prashant Chaubey to take you through the financial performance 
of Q2 & H1 FY'26. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Thank you sir. Good afternoon, everyone. I trust you had the opportunity to go through our latest 
results and the investor presentation, which are published on our Company website and the stock 
exchanges. 
I would like to take this opportunity to share a brief update on the financial and operational 
performance of Q2 & First Half of FY'26. 
The key details are as follows: 
We sold Rs. 702 crores worth of area in Q2 FY'26, which is a 34% growth over Q2 FY'25 of Rs. 
524 crores. During the first half of FY'26, we booked pre-sales of Rs. 1,359 crores, registering 
a growth of 32% over H1 FY'25. Collections for Q2 FY'26 stood at Rs. 331 crores, which is a 
24% growth over Q2 FY'25. While for the first half, FY'26 collections stood at Rs. 682 crores, 
a growth of 12% over H1 FY'25. The strong collections have resulted in a net operating cash 
flow surplus of Rs. 258 crores, which is a 35% growth over H1 FY'25. 
On the profit and loss front: 
Operating revenues stood at Rs. 252 crores for Q2 FY'26 as against Rs. 169 crores in the same 
period last financial year. EBITDA stood strong at Rs. 78 crores in Q2 FY'26, 108% growth 
over Q2 FY'25 EBITDA of Rs. 37 crores. EBITDA margins stood at 31% up by 8.73% on year-
on-year basis. We reported net profit of Rs. 49 crores, which is a 41% growth over Q2 FY'25 
net profit of Rs. 35 crores. Net profit margins stood at 19%. 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
October 20, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
On half-yearly basis, operating revenues stood at Rs. 441 crores as against Rs. 485 crores in the 
same period last financial year. EBITDA stood strong at Rs. 126 crores, 83% growth over H1 
FY'25. EBITDA margins stood at 28%, which is up by 1,433 basis points on year-on-year basis. 
We reported a net profit of Rs. 82 crores, which is a 44% growth over H1 FY'25. Net profit 
margins stood at 19%. Net debt-to-equity stood at 0.04x. 
Thank you. With this, we open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will begin with a question-and-answer session. First question comes 
from the line of Pritesh Sheth with Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, Diwali wishes to everyone at Sunteck and their respective 
families. My first question is on, I think we are seeing a very steady scale-up in terms of pre-
sales over last quite a few quarters. So, congrats for that. Question is on the collections. I know 
we were facing some challenges in terms of execution and all but what would be the exact 
timeline of improvement in collections going ahead? Will we see the scale-up this year onwards 
or probably sometime next year is when we expect? That is my first question. 
Prashant Chaubey: 
Hi, Pritesh. We have registered a growth of 24% in Q2 FY'26 on a year-on-year basis. And as 
we progress with deliveries of our projects, we continue to build on the momentum. Moreover, 
all our projects are construction linked and we book the collections accordingly for all our 
ongoing projects. From our ongoing and completed projects, our collection efficiency for the 
first half of FY'26 stands at 80%. 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, Pritesh, collections, you will definitely obviously see further improvement as the new 
projects like the many pre-sales are coming from the Nepeansea road. So, we all know that and 
from the luxury. So, it will catch up for sure. And you may start seeing that catch up in maybe 
the last Q4 of this financial year and definitely in the next financial year for sure. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. So, launch of Nepeansea officially would be Q4 of this year or Q1 next year? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, if you see, we are already doing the sales for the existing customers and all. And we have 
done the substantial sales there. So, official launch, we are looking definitely Q4. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Just on the second one, we did Rs. 500 crore of preferential issue recently and we have 
seen our BD activity also going up since last, I would say, couple of quarters and even more. 
How should one think about it going ahead, whether this capital that we have raised would 
largely be utilized for unlocking the existing business development that we have done or if we 
would continue to look for new projects as well? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, Pritesh, definitely, obviously, we do not want to definitely slow down our BD activity. But 
at the same time, we were seeing that there will be a lot of requirement of the funds, which will 
be required in Nepeansea Road and Dubai, as well as commercial building of 5th Avenue, plus 
the new business development. So, we do not want to slow down our business development at 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
October 20, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 8 
any point of time because of the existing commitments. And so, we wanted to be over-cautious. 
And hence, I think we did this. And that is how we will be liking to put our money going forward, 
including the new business development, which we are already aggressively looking at some of 
the good new opportunities over and above the existing ones. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just a follow up, in which segment you are eyeing to build further? Since we are now doing 
more of luxury - uber luxury, that is the segment we want to target or eventually at the stage that 
we are in terms of cycle, we also will start looking at mid-income segment, which might probably 
a couple of years down the line start doing well. So, your segment of interest? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, we do not want to speculate too much. So, that is why looking at the market, we see already 
a good demand like in the ODC already and most of the sales that you are seeing is not only 
coming from Uber luxury segment, but also the premium luxury. So, we are looking in both this 
segment, definitely not in the aspirational luxury segment, but more into the premium luxury 
segment going forward than the Uber luxury segment. But we want to be balanced in both the 
segments. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. Very clear. That is it from my side and all the best. 
Kamal Khetan: 
Thank you, Pritesh. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sourabh Gilda with JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Hello, Diwali wishes to everyone and congrats on a great set of numbers. So, just wanted to take 
up the last question forward and get more details on your strategy for commercial development. 
I understand you mentioned about construction for Nepeansea and Dubai also, but given that 
these projects are largely high margin and can become self-funding after some initial capital 
infusion, but is there any now a concrete strategy to build up your commercial portfolio and can 
you share any timeline, if any, for the 5th Avenue specification? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, Sourabh, Happy Diwali to you as well. So, if you see 5th Avenue commercial, we are very 
clear that we want to start the construction of even 5th Avenue commercial also and we want to 
continue to build our commercial portfolio. But as you know, we are awaiting our approval for 
our 5th Avenue residential. At the same time, we will be similar timelines, we'll get the approval 
for our commercial. So, you will see the construction of both the starting 5th Avenue residential 
as well as the 5th Avenue commercial, both to be starting at the similar timeline and that's how 
and definitely we want to build the commercial portfolio more and more and we are exploring 
that while we are doing our BD activities. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Sure. Thank you and just one more last question from my side. If you can highlight the launch 
pipeline for next two quarters, which one can come first? I hope 5th Avenue is the advanced stage 
of launches, but anything, if you can highlight from a launch perspective for the next two 
quarters? 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
October 20, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
Kamal Khetan: 
Sourabh, we don't want to commit which one will come first and which one will be second, but 
as you see, there are enough launches which are going to happen, plethora of launches, I would 
say, for Sunteck, which we are seeing, ODC, obviously, 5th Avenue residential, then when we 
are talking about the new redevelopment project, which we have acquired, even that is in the 
advanced stage in Andheri Western Express Highway, then we are looking to launch one tower 
in Mira Road, which is Sunteck Sky Park, fourth tower, and then Vasai, we are looking to launch 
two more towers. Again, Naigaon, we are looking to launch now, since we are depleting the 
inventory there also, we want to launch one more phase in Naigaon as well. Plus, obviously, we 
know that Nepeansea Road also we are selling some apartments, but we are looking forward to 
launch that and increase the GDV value while we are doing BD activity to expand that portfolio. 
Plus, obviously, the launch of Dubai, which whenever it comes, even that we are looking at. So, 
there are plethora of launches going forward, and we are looking forward for all these launches, 
for sure. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
Kamal Khetan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harsh Pathak with Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the strong quarter and unveiling of 
the Emaance brand. So, my first question is on the Emaance brand itself. So, what is the status 
of the construction at Nepeansea? When do we expect to start the construction there? And when 
can we expect the Dubai launch? 
Kamal Khetan: 
Yes, so, good afternoon, Harsh. So, in Nepeansea, we already started the demolition of the main 
building, which is Baug-E-Sara, the first phase of Nepeansea Road. And so, demolition is at 
very, very advanced stage. We should complete the demolition in the next 15 days to one month, 
and our approvals are at a very advanced stage. So, we will look for those completion of 
approval, and obviously, thereafter RERA and we'll be looking to launch that ASAP. Then, when 
it comes to Dubai project, so, just to give you one good news that obviously, we have already 
taken a big office where we can do a sales pavilion as well as in Dubai. And we have already 
started setting up already that interiors and everything have started on that Dubai office and the 
sales pavilion. Designs of all the full project in Dubai has been totally finalized and as good as 
freezed. Approvals again to mention is in the advanced stage. And looking forward to the launch 
ASAP, that's how it is both the projects Dubai and Nepeansea Road. 
Harsh Pathak: 
That's encouraging to hear. And so, like you mentioned, we have deployed Rs. 430 crores in the 
first half towards BD. So, how much more deployment do we expect since we have also done 
the fund raise? So, how much deployment there and so our inventory GDV, which is currently 
at around Rs. 39,000 crores, where do we see that in FY'26 and maybe FY'27? 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
October 20, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, we have been always very clear that looking at the strong balance sheet, we will not stop our 
BD development activity anywhere looking, due to any fund constraint for Sunteck. Sunteck, 
today the balance sheet strength is so strong. I think one of the strongest balance sheet in the 
industry. Even we don't, didn't want it to even have a 0% hesitation while we do BD, hence we 
raised that Rs. 500 crores also as a Pref. And that's the reason that we don't want to compromise 
on BD at all when we are, and we'll continue to pour money as and when we see a good 
opportunity coming with a Sunteck style where we have a good IRR and good ROI, we will 
continue to take good projects. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Sure. So, our GDV target, which is at Rs. 39,000 crores right now? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, we have always, you see a doubled, almost that GDV in 3 to 4 years, and we will continue 
to do that. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Sure. And my last question on the pre-sales mix. So, how do we see the pre-sales mix evolving 
in terms of the share of Uber luxury, premium luxury and aspirational maybe over the next 2-3 
years, since we have this Nepeansea? 
Kamal Khetan: 
So, if you see our GDV, if you see in the presentation also what we have uploaded on the website 
and everywhere, our GDV mix is very balanced. If you see, the Uber luxury is now 38% and 
premium luxury is close to 29% and aspirational luxury is 34%. So, we can look at some similar 
sales momentum as well when it comes to the split of sales. And that's how we want to be very 
balanced. We don't want to exactly time the market that, I mean, you cannot predict really the 
market. Obviously, we would like to time it well. But it is very difficult to predict any market 
what it will be. So, we want to be prepared in every three segments and we will continue to 
maintain this. That's why we are confident of 30%-35% growth in even our pre-sales and GDV 
as well. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Sure, sir. I think that answers my question. Thanks a lot for taking and Diwali wishes to you and 
the entire team. 
Kamal Khetan: 
Thank you. Diwali wishes to you as well. Thank you. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Kamal Khetan: 
Thank you all for taking the time out of your busy schedule to join us today for the call. In case 
if any of your queries have been left unanswered, please feel free to reach out to us. We truly 
value your continued support and look forward to strengthening this relationship. Lastly, once 
again, I would like to wish you all and your loved ones a very happy and a prosperous Diwali. 
Thank you. Thank you once again. 

 
Sunteck Realty Limited 
October 20, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sunteck Realty that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
