 
         DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
          CIN – L72900DL1986PLC330369 
          Regd. Office: JA-122, 1st Floor, DLF Tower A, Jasola, New Delhi – 110025, Tel: +91 11 41251965 
          Corp. Office: Spice Global Knowledge Park, 19A & 19B, Sector – 125, Noida – 201301, Uttar Pradesh, India – Tel: +91 120 5029101 
          Email ID: complianceofficer@digispice.com  | Website: www.digispice.com 
 
 
 
 
Date: 24th November, 2025 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 517214 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: DIGISPICE 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Investors/Analysts Conference Call held on 17th November, 2025 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
attached herewith the transcript of the Investors / Analyst Call held on 17th November, 2025 
with senior management team.  
 
The 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://investorrelations.digispice.com/information.php?page=transcripts  
 
You are requested to kindly take the above on record and acknowledge the receipt of the same. 
 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
 
 
(Ruchi Mehta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
RUCHI 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by RUCHI MEHTA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=9952, 
pseudonym=034ADED405131CD3EAD1B
B334CCF4F85, 
2.5.4.20=a3fe5361d4203c8603ad4d9346
5c6633a4b632bf9884f7dd831b85bab49a
9d85, postalCode=110091, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=CD0D3E0EE621CED09F7C
59DE557F78E2914D4D9A98A3BE999B1A
E4AD155B0F45, cn=RUCHI MEHTA 
Date: 2025.11.24 15:29:30 +05'30'

                                                                              
 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Participants:    
Mr. Dilip Modi: Chairman, DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited & Chief Executive Officer, 
Spice Money Limited  
Mr. Sunil Kapoor: Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer, Spice Money Limited  
Ms. Aastha Garg: Head Investor Relations, Spice Money Limited 
 
Moderator : 
Mr. Snighter Albuquerque: Investor Relations Partner, Adfactors PR 
 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Snighter Albuquerque:       Good evening, everyone. A very warm welcome to the earnings Zoom webinar of DiGiSPICE 
Technologies Limited for Q2 and H1 FY'26. 
We have with us Mr. Dilip Modi, Chairman of DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited; Mr. Sunil 
Kapoor, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer, Spice Money Limited and Ms. 
Aastha Garg, Head Investor Relations, Spice Money Limited. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature. The actual results may vary as they are 
dependent on several external factors. A statement in this regards has been included in the 
result presentation sent to you earlier. We will commence the call with the management 
taking you through the operational and financial performance for the period under review, 
following which we will have an interactive Q&A session. 
I would like to now invite Mr. Dilip Modi to commence the presentation. Over to you, sir. 
Thank you. 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Snighter. Welcome to you all this afternoon for the presentation of DiGiSPICE 
Technologies' Q2 and H1 results for FY'26. It's always a pleasure to connect with all of you 
on this platform. It's a great opportunity for us as management to share with you where we 
have reached on our journey, talk a bit about where we are going, and also get to hear from 
you in terms of any clarifications that you have on where we are and any questions you 
have in terms of where we are going. We continue to be in a very exciting space, full of 
challenges and opportunities. At DiGiSPICE, as you are aware, our main and only business 
now is Spice Money, which is a fintech business focused on inclusion and with the goal of 
driving access to formal financial services to businesses and consumers living in small town 
India. It's a five-year-plus journey, and we've seen how over this time we have learned and 
grown, and we continue to be excited about the journey ahead and what we are trying to 
solve for. 
So let me begin my presentation by sharing with you that what is it that we are trying to 
build at Spice Money. Can you go to the first slide, please? So, if you look at our overall 
thinking on what we are building at Spice Money, we are basically building out what we are 
referring to as a Spice Bharat Stack. Today, we are India's leading business correspondent 
agent network with over 1.6 million BC points that are using our digital platform to deliver 
assisted digital payment services, basic banking, and other products and services to over 
100 million customers in small towns India. We are one of the most used AePS transaction 
apps by BC agents across small towns, and we are, through this app, enabling agents to 
deliver multiple services, starting with cash withdrawal, cash deposit, cash collection, bill 
payments, and others. This is a platform that continues to scale both in terms of number of 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
agents as well as number of services that we are able to deliver through this. So, we have a 
unique distribution mode in rural Bharat, and this is something that a lot of now product 
manufacturers are beginning to look at in order to be able to access a significant part of 
Bharat, that is today unserved or underserved by the formal financial services sector. 
As we move forward, we are very conscious of the fact that one of our responsibilities is 
also to digitize cash. So today, our agent network is helping digitize cash through an assisted 
network where we are able to, through our CICO services, enabled cash to convert to digital 
and digital to cash. Ultimately, our goal is also to move a lot of the cash-first customers to 
the digital platform themselves. UPI is a great success story of fintech in India, and we at 
Spice Money are committed to bringing new-to-UPI users on board. Today, we have over 
400 plus million UPI users in the country as an overall industry. We are committed to 
bringing the next 100 million UPI users. We are a licensed PPI license holder, which allows 
us to issue a PPI wallet to consumers that they can then store money and use it to pay using 
the UPI rates. 
So, whether it is scan and pay or send money, they are able to use UPI to be able to do 
digital payments. And also, as part of our stack, we are building for credit for the unserved 
or underserved. There are lots of small merchants in small towns who are today not able to 
get access to loans from the formal financial services sector. We want to use our agent 
network to be able to deliver credit to small merchants and consumers in small towns in a 
robust and viable way. So, the Spice Bharat Stack is a stack to enable access to formal 
financial services to consumers and businesses in small town India. The agent network is 
like our distribution network. Spice Pay is our consumer platform, and lending business is a 
credit business we are building to enable our agents to both consume and distribute credit 
to consumers and merchants at large. As I said, we have about 1.6 million agents on our 
platform, which touch over 100 million customers across 2.5lakh small towns in over 6,000 
blocks. 
Let me move on to the next slide to share with you some of our key metrics. So, if you look 
at this right at the top, we've called out some of our key metrics in terms of number of 
agents. So as of the end of September, financial year 2025-26, we have closed at about 16.1 
lakh agents. We now have an agent coverage across 2.5 lakh small towns in the country. On 
a monthly basis, our agent network serves nearly 27 million customers, 2.7 crore, and we 
are a 1,000 people strong team. In terms of some of our key metrics on the product side, 
from an overall customer gross transaction value, we've closed the quarter at 32,270 crores, 
which is nearly 22% up year-on-year. One of our key products, which is Aadhaar-enabled 
payment system, we continue to focus on growing our market share. Our market share, as 
of end of Quarter 2 FY'26 in off-us AEPS segment stood close to 18.5%. Enterprises continue 
to use our platform to drive collection as a service, reducing time and cost of cash 
collection. We have now close to 75 enterprises who have been on-boarded. We offer them 
services around collections primarily. So, if you look at the CMS GTV, which is cash 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
management services, we've closed the quarter at Rs. 11,505 crores, which is 30% up year-
on-year. And BBPS, which is more related to bill payments by end consumers, we are now 
close to Rs. 1,300 crores per quarter. In terms of CASA, which is current account, saving 
account, as a Company now we have on a lifetime basis opened over 1.3 billion accounts, 
which is double of where we were last year. And more importantly, we've seen that we are 
focusing on accounts which are also becoming active accounts. So, we've seen a growth in 
float balances as well, closing the quarter at nearly 245 crores, which is 61% growth year-
on-year on the float balance held by these accounts of our banking partners. Credit 
distribution is one big growth area for us. And we close the quarter to FY'26 at nearly Rs. 
176 crores of credit distributed, which is over a 2.6x growth year on year. What these 
overall metrics have translated into from a financial P&L point of view is nearly a Rs. 124 
crore revenue for the quarter, 14% up year-on-year, a Rs. 52 crores gross margin, which is 
20% up year-on-year, a 10.6 crores EBIT, which is a 30x year-on-year. And again, like last 
quarter, we delivered a PAT at a consolidated level of close to 7.2 crores. So now we've had 
a back to back two quarters of profit after tax, something that I spoke to you all when we 
connected last quarter, that we are on a journey of now seeing how operating leverage can 
help us grow on profitability. Given the fact that we have two quarters of profit growth, we 
have for the first time also this quarter started publishing some ratios for people to look at 
in a concise way. So, if you look at ROCE, these are all numbers on a consolidated DiGiSPICE 
balance sheet. Just to remind you, DiGiSPICE is the holding company and Spice Money is a 
subsidiary. We are going through a process with NCLT now to merge Spice Money into 
DiGiSPICE. So, when we calculate these ratios, they are at a consolidated Holding company 
level. So, it's a consolidated balance sheet. So, the ratios of ROCE and ROI are linked to a 
consolidated balance sheet. Based on our results for Quarter 2, we are seeing nearly a 
12.8% annualized ROCE in our business. We are a zero-debt company and we are seeing 
close to 31.4% on ROI. And also, we are highlighting the fact that we are an asset light 
model. So, if you look at our, when we calculate our ROCE or the net worth, if you look at 
the overall net worth, only 11% of that is linked to business CAPEX. So effectively, we are a 
CAPEX light business and that allows us to drive high returns from a PAT to CAPEX 
perspective. So, this is something that we have now begun to look at given the fact that 
now we are in a PAT positive territory and we can demonstrate how we are growing 
returns. And again, let me emphasize this on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company. 
Our goal as a mission continues to be the preferred, most trusted financial services platform 
for Bharat, where we can leverage our Spice Money agent, which we refer to as Spice 
Money Adhikari base to deliver formal financial services to small businesses and consumers 
across over 250,000 small towns in our country. 
Can we move to the next slide, please? One of the things that we are very excited about is a 
new product that we launched at the recently concluded Global Fintech Festival which just 
happened in Mumbai. As you know, for us, cash withdrawal is one of our main products. 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Today, AePS, which is Aadhaar Enabled Payment System, is the form factor which is used for 
consumers to use their Aadhaar Biometrics, which is both Biometric and face scan to 
withdraw cash. 
We also offer a card-based cash withdrawal product where people can use their card and 
pin to withdraw cash. At the Global Fintech Festival, we were ordered to be invited as one 
of two companies to participate in a launch of what is being referred to as a UPI Cashpoint 
product. This was launched by the Honorable Secretary for the Department of Financial 
Services. It's a pioneering product where now, in addition to consumers being able to use 
their biometrics and card to withdraw cash at their nearby BC point, they can also use any 
UPI app. As we know, UPI penetration is growing. Like I said, over 400 million UPI users in 
the country. So, this product called UPI Cashpoint allows any smartphone user with any UPI 
app to withdraw cash from any bank account by simply scanning a UPI QR at their nearest 
BC point. So, we are looking at all our 16 lakh BC points, converting it to UPI Cashpoints 
where effectively consumers can go and now use their UPI to scan and get access to their 
money. So, the customer pays via UPI and cash is handed over instantly, bringing digital 
simplicity to physical access. 
Like I said, this has been a great honor because we now have an opportunity to leverage our 
extensive last mile network to enable ease of cash withdrawal for consumers at large. We 
believe that this will allow us to continue to drive trust access in our financial inclusion 
journey. We are riding on the growth of UPI in our country and we are very honored that 
we have an opportunity now to add a third and very popular form factor, which is UPI, 
enable people to use UPI to withdraw cash. 
We believe this is a high growth opportunity. The total addressable market of this is at least 
equivalent, if not significantly much more than the existing AePS network and we believe 
this allows us to be able to create more touch points for consumers to be able to withdraw 
cash now, using UPI apps. This is a product which is starting with cash withdrawal limits of 
about Rs. 5,000 per transaction, Rs. 10,000 per day and Rs. 50,000 per month. But like I said, 
now with our BC point becoming a UPI Cashpoint, it's a great opportunity for our Adhikari 
base at large to serve consumers who prefer to use UPI over AePS and card. So, this is a 
product that we launched at the GFF and hopefully by the close of this quarter, we will see 
this product in the market. So, we are excited about this. We are getting ready for it and it 
also showcases how Spice Money is today one of the leading BC networks in the country 
and therefore can be leveraged to drive penetration of financial services in Deep Bharat. Let 
me now hand over to Sunil to walk us through P&L for the quarter and for H1 Financials. 
Over to you, Sunil. 
Sunil Kapoor: 
Okay. Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Here I am presenting that the financial number, 
primarily the performance on the P&L side for the DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited. And if 
you refer to the right-hand side, I am referring to the YTD numbers, how we have 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
performed. If you see the customer GTV has grown by 25% Y-on-Y basis means half year last 
year and half year this year. And consequently, our gross margin has also improved by Rs. 
16 crores and in the terms of ratio by 19% and operational efficiency has come into play 
because our indirect cost, if you see, that has not grown, that is static in comparison to the 
previous year. And if we see on the EBITDA, that's almost movement of Rs. 16 crores, which 
is flowing from gross margin and consequently our EBIT is Rs. 20.8 crores, Rs. 21 crores in 6 
months and resultant PAT is Rs. 14.3 crores. So, here one point is what I mentioned about 
the operational efficiency come into play as we are more and more sweating the existing 
products and we are working on the new engines from a credit distribution and spice pay 
standpoint of view and that will be in the coming time. It will be start contributing more and 
more on the bottom-line. And if you see that new engine, we have, we are progressing 
slowly on that also and which is visible in the gross margin quarter-on-quarter, there is also 
growth on the gross margin on new engines also. So, hopefully these new engines will be 
contributing in next two quarters and we will be having more better performance in the 
coming quarters. And if you see that our take rate, we are kind of maintaining even we are 
diversifying on to different products and the take rate is more or less similar to the last 
financial year. And if we see gross margin on the revenue side that has improved by 2 
percentile and from 38.8% to 40.7%. And with the other products on the pipeline, this new 
engine plus sweating of the platform, we will be hopeful, we are not only sustaining this 
profitability, but we will be growing this profitability in the coming quarters. Thanks. I'm 
handing it over to Aastha. Aastha, over to you. 
Aastha Garg: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you so much. Can we move to the next slide, please, Viral? So, good 
afternoon, everyone. I'll be covering some of the key business updates for the quarter. I'll 
start with the very core metric of our platform, which is the agent network that we have 
built PAN India. So, if we look at the number of agents that we have, we have almost 1.6 
million agents on our platform now, which are across almost 2.5 lakh small towns and 
approximately 6,500 blocks. And if we see almost 12.3 lakh SMAs or agents are sitting in tier 
4, 5 or 6 small towns where the population is less than 20,000 per town. So, this is like these 
agents are sitting in deep rural India. 
Also, if we see that we have been working on expanding our reach in the lesser penetrated 
areas of India, where if we see that south and west towards the end of the slide, we can see 
have now also started contributing 15 percent of our agent network sitting there. So, this 
has helped us in growing the penetration of our agents in the areas where we were initially 
lesser present. And this will be one of our focus areas going forward also so that we can 
serve the areas which are underserved right now and ensure broader financial access to 
people in these areas. 
Viral, next slide, please. So, on the back of the agent network, we've also grown our GTVs as 
well as gross margins. So, looking at the GTV trends, we can see that our GTVs have grown 
as compared to the last year same quarter significantly. And as compared to the last quarter 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
also, it is almost stagnant. A little decline seeming because of the decline in the collections 
GTV. On the back of the GTV growth, we have also grown our gross margins and our gross 
margin for Q2 has come in at around Rs. 52 crores, which is a significant up from Rs. 43.2 
crores in the last year same quarter. The major reason for this movement has been the 
growth that we've seen in the CICO industry as well as our focus on growing geographically 
in the underserved areas, which has helped in surging our market share. So, we can also see 
that due to the growth in the CICO GTVs, we have also seen our market share growing from 
almost 17% last year same quarter to almost 18.5% in this quarter. And this has also helped 
our gross margin grow from almost Rs. 30.7 crores to almost Rs. 37 crores in this quarter 
from the CICO segment. 
From the collections segment, we have seen a certain decline in the GTV in this quarter that 
has been specifically because of some of the degrowth that the overall MFI industry has 
seen and that has resulted into impact in our GTVs also on the collections front. But overall, 
there has been growth in this product as compared to the last quarter and we have been 
able to almost sustain the margins in this product. In the other product segment, which is 
banking, credit distribution, etc. Also, there is growth both quarter and quarter and year on 
year, which has led to the growth in our gross margins in these segments also. 
We can move to the next slide. Now, coming on to our core product, which is AePS. So, 
AePS, the key strategies that we have seen here, we have been focusing here for growing 
our overall reach and market share has been, one is geographical focus that I have already 
spoken about. Second has been the focus on achieving more wallet share and we have been 
driving this through the sale of our subscription packs. So, if towards the right, we can see 
that we have been selling subscription packs for almost six quarters now and we can see 
that the sale of subscription packs has grown almost 2x to what we were doing at the start 
of the last financial year. 
So, our subscription packs have led to more stickiness and engagement on our platform and 
this has led to the growth in our overall customers coming and transacting on our platform 
also. So, if we can see that the overall customers who have transacted have increased from 
almost Rs. 4 crores in the last two comparable quarters to almost Rs. 4.5 crores in this 
quarter and one of the major reasons of this has been us driving the business efficiency 
also, which we have done through the increase in our success rates of this product. So, if we 
see the product success rates have grown from almost 63.8% in financial year ‘24 to almost 
near 74% now. So, the success rates are also helping us grow the number of successful 
transactions on our platform and people are hence able to do transactions more smoothly 
and hence the number of transaction base is also growing. We can also see that the 
industry, while the industry grew 15% year-on-year, while spice money outpaced the 
industry and we grew almost 27.9% and that's helped us drive the market share to near 
18.5% now. And the market share growth has come from almost all the regions and we 
have seen all major regions contributing to this growth. Some of the future levers in this 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
segment and space will be, one is AePS cash deposit that we have been speaking about 
from the last couple of quarters and we have seen consistent growth in the GTVs of this 
product and this has been basis bank adoption in this product and as more and more banks 
go live on AePS cash deposit this will help us drive growth in the deposit segment of cash as 
well. As well as like Dilip already spoke about UPI cash withdrawal is the next big lever that 
is expected to be launched in December '25 that can help us drive growth in this space. One 
more regulation on the AePS touch point operator guidelines is expected to go live in 
January which will also sanitize the space more and help us drive growth as more and more 
standard protocols come in the space. 
Next slide, after AePS we have built almost very strong roots in our cash collections business 
in the last couple of years and our GTVs on cash collections reached almost near to our 
AePS GTVs by the end of last year and this quarter though we see a decline in the GTV front 
on the cash management services side by almost 11.9% like I mentioned the major reason 
has been here the decline in the MFI industry since in this product we serve various 
enterprises and do cash collections for them which and major of these enterprises are 
NBFCs and MFIs and the decline in their overall disbursements has led to a reflection of that 
in our GTVs as well. 
Also, one thing in this product is that this product has now become very commoditized and 
there's huge margin pressure in this product, so that is one factor due to which we are 
focusing more on building stronger relationship with more enterprises and we are trying to 
drive more adoption of end-to-end API integrations with the enterprises we are working 
with and also scaling the number of enterprises that we are working with. So, if you look at 
this number of enterprises that we have scaled in the last one year almost we have added 
10 new enterprises almost in all segments, be it logistics or MFIs or NBFCs we have added 
the enterprises in each bucket. We will continue to work on value propositions for these 
enterprises not only on collection side but also on credit side so that we can offer them end-
to-end solutions and grow with these enterprises on an overall level. 
Can we move to the next slide? So now coming to the digital part of the collections industry 
which is the BBPSproduct. This is one product which NPCI is very strategically driving and 
wants to drive it to scale the digital part of the collections piece and we are one of the very 
few players who are working in the offline space of this collections industry and as more 
and more billers go live with NPCI on this product our GTVs are slowly scaling up on this 
product. One of the key metrics that we track in this product is the repeat customer base 
and if you see our customer base has come in at almost 60.8% in this quarter as compared 
to almost 34.4% of these customers which were repear customers working with us in FY’24. 
So that's a huge increase that we've seen in the last couple of years on this product. Also, 
on the average ticket sizes that each agent is working with us the ticket sizes for this 
product is also growing which is a healthy metric and we've seen the ticket size coming at 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
almost upwards of 2400s now. So, we'll keep on working with NPCI as more and more 
billers go live and drive digital scale on this product in the future as well. 
Viral, can we go to the next slide. Now coming to the banking space which is the current 
accounts and saving account product like Dilip already mentioned we've now opened as a 
lifetime almost 13 lakh accounts, which is the inclusion of both current and saving accounts, 
on our platform and the balances that are now deposited into these accounts are close to 
almost Rs. 245 crores which is a healthy average balance of almost Rs. 1,900 per account. 
On this product our focus and driver is not only to grow the number of accounts but also 
grow on the kind of servicing that we are providing on these accounts and the number of 
agents who are working with us on an overall level who help us service these accounts are 
also growing quarter-on-quarter and we can see almost 35,000 agents today are those 
agents who are working on this product not only from an account opening mindset but also 
an overall account servicing mindset. So, we can see that there's a growth in this metric also 
year on year as well as quarter on quarter. Now the key focus in this product will be cross 
selling and upselling on the lines of new products which can help drive growth in this area 
with the help of enabling more deposits, saving investment products as well as entering and 
introducing products on the lines of insurance as well. 
Viral, can we move to the next slide. Now coming to credit distribution we have been on 
this product since the last two quarters, we have been discussing that how we have grown 
on the partnerships with on the secured loan side and we on the basis of those partnerships 
we have grown significantly year on year and quarter on quarter, both on the count of loans 
that we have disbursed and on the number of overall disbursement that we have done and 
our overall secured loan disbursement has come in at almost Rs. 155.7 crores in this quarter 
as compared to Rs. 96 crores disbursement in the previous quarter which is a 62% growth 
and almost a 3x growth year on year as well. So as more and more lenders go live with us on 
this product which we are driving and more and more branches we activate with these 
lenders across India we are trying to drive more and more growth in the secured loan 
adoption and numbers growth. On the unsecured side as well, our key focus is leveraging 
the data intelligence based on the transaction data level insights that we have on the 
transactions that the Adhikaris are doing on our platform and this will help us optimize the 
lead conversions that we are doing for the partners that we are working with in the 
unsecured space. So, this is a one big thing that we are working and we are also enabling 
our partners with these data insights so that we can help better leads and better 
conversions on the unsecured loan side as well and if we see that the daily line product that 
we are doing on the unsecured side has also grown quarter on quarter and we have come in 
at almost Rs. 20 crores on the unsecured loans also. So, on both unsecured and secured 
loans we will try and drive growth in the coming years as well and now I will hand over to 
Dilip sir back again for the closing remarks. 
 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Aastha so as you have seen different segments have begun to kick in for us from 
an overall growth point of view from focusing on AePS to moving to CMS to adding BBPS the 
digital collection layer of collections to CASA to credit we have now these five key product 
streams that are powering our transactions revenue and gross margin. 
As we build out the business, we are a platform first business so our focus is on 
partnerships. So, if we were to move to the next slide we would like to just showcase to you 
as to what are some of the key licenses that we hold as well as some of the key partnerships 
that we have. So we are in a space of driving formal financial access to the large part of 
Bharat and for that we are very much not only a self-regulated entity but also a regulated 
entity we hold both the PPI license as well as the BBPS license from the regulator including 
also holding the corporate agency license from the insurance regulator, the principal agency 
license of Railways as well as riding on the Aadhaar stack we also have our own AUA, KUA 
license from UIDAI. So, we continue to focus on regulation as a key strategic advantage for 
us as a company and we want to make sure that we continue to be both self-regulated but 
also be regulated with the requisite licenses that allow us to build products to serve the 
customers in our constituency. On the banking side we have some key banking partners 
that we've outlined here. Axis, YES Bank, NSDL these are some of the key banking business 
partners. On credit side we continue to work with both banks and NBFCs predominantly on 
the secured credit side. Collections as a business we are very keen to leverage our deep 
distribution network to allow banks, MFIs and NBFCs, logistics and e-commerce companies 
to reduce time and cost to cash to make sure they can reduce the risk of carrying cash at 
the same time convert cash to digital at the point of collection itself. So like Aastha 
mentioned our journey here is on deeper API integration so that we can also move from 
cash collection to digital collection. As we are a leading ATM network in the country we also 
want to make sure that we are a leading collections network in the country and moving 
forward a key banking agent network in the country. 
Insurance is one new category that we've entered into in this financial year. We are very 
bullish on this category going forward the need to drive protection products in the form of 
you know micro insurance products are very very critical to the growth of our economy and 
we are committed to partnering with digital first companies to see how to drive penetration 
of insurance in deep rural India. So, ours is a partnership led approach, ours is a regulation 
led approach and we want we are committed to making sure that we can drive more and 
more formal financial products into Deep Bharat, into small businesses and consumers. 
So, let me close with our road map on the next slide please. This gives you a sense of the 
five key building blocks of our business as we are committed to driving digital net financial 
inclusion in Bharat using our Spice Bharat Stack. To begin with we are Bharat's largest 
assisted ATM network with both AePS and micro ATM and now with UPI cash point we 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
complete the picture where now consumers can use anything they choose to their 
convenience whether biometric, face scan, card or UPI to withdraw cash at a merchant 
point at a BC agent point close to where they live. We are also building Bharat's largest rural 
cash collection network going forward becoming a digital net collections network using our 
BBPS platform. Financial services whether it's credit, saving, investment, insurance, all 
accounts and related services we want to be Bharat's deepest financial distribution grid. 
Here again we are working with partners to ensure that we have a full stack API led program 
where we can make sure that our BC points can also evolve as banking points for consumers 
and small businesses in Bharat. Spice Pay is our consumer banking proposition where we 
want to ensure that we are able to bring cash first consumers onto UPI and enable them to 
do UPI easily and as we are able to break that offline payment data online we will be able to 
expose them to multiple new financial products to be able to get the benefit of the larger 
formal financial economy. And finally credit this is something that we are committed to 
deliver credit responsibly into Bharat. A lot of small businesses and consumers today are 
relying on high cost credit. Our commitment is to reduce cost of credit and make sure they 
can get credit when they want, where they want. And in a manner which ensures that they 
are able to borrow responsibly and pay on time. So, we are committed to leveraging our 
Spice Money Adhikari Network which is today one of Bharat's largest banking 
correspondent network in the country to be able to ensure that consumers and small 
businesses at large are able to participate in the formal financial economy and contribute to 
the GDP growth of our country. So, thank you so much for your patience and for listening to 
the presentation. Very happy to take on questions that you may have or any suggestions 
that you may provide. 
So over to you, Snighter. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, Dilip Sir. Participants post the opening brief, we will open this forum for Q&A 
session. Any participants who wish to ask a question may raise your hand and ask your 
question directly or may also type your question it in the chat box and we will take it from 
there. We have one question from Vedika from Agarwal Family Office, in the chat box.I just 
have one question. Agents who have opened 5 plus accounts seem to be highly productive. 
Seem to be a highly productive segment. Are there targeted programs to scale such 
behavior across wider agent base? 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Vedika. Absolutely, that is why this is an important metric for us to track. 
Because we are committed to building both capability and capacity of our agent base. 
Account opening starts an account-based relationship for these agents which not only 
allows them to open accounts but also service them going forward so helps them 
participate in the lifetime value of those accounts. So, our goal is to both certify them, 
develop, provide them training, certification to ensure they can do more. And yes, within 
this our goal is to both increase the number but more importantly also ensure that per 
agent they are able to do more for the consumers in their community. The very fact that we 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
have such a large agent network gives us an opportunity to build modular programs to 
onboard agents to be able to drive both income for themselves as well as provide more 
products and services to their community. So, this is a metric we will continue to track and 
continue to grow. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you Dilip sir. We have Gulshan Singh who has raised his hand. Gulshan, request you 
to unmute yourself and ask your question. Please mention the firm you represent and ask 
your question. 
Gulshan Singh: 
Hi Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Gulshan here from Sunidhi Securities. So, I have just three 
questions sir. So, the first one is regarding this credit and Spice Pay based business. So right 
now as we saw in the presentation this contribution from this segment is growing. So just 
wanted to know so going forward how the contribution we can see from this business. And 
if you can throw some light on this side sir, on this segment? 
Dilip Modi: 
You want to, Gulshan, give your three questions. We just answer them together? 
Gulshan Singh: 
Sure sir. And the second one is sir, in UPI cash withdrawal. So, I thought, I think it's a big 
structural opportunity in this segment. So just wanted to know how this segment is, will 
grow in the future. And how you are looking this segment, we can see like next 1-2 years 
down the line. And what kind of opportunities we have in this segment, sir? And the third 
one is in terms of the ROCE, sir. So right now, we are a debt free company with almost 13% 
of ROCE. So what kind of ROCE we are targeting sir, any increase we are expecting in this, 
sir? So, these are three questions, sir. 
Dilip Modi: 
Okay, perfect. So Gulshan, I'll take the first two and then my colleagues Sunil and Aastha 
can add to those as well as take the third question. So just on the new engines Gulshan, let 
me first start with credit. As Aastha showed you in the credit distribution side Gulshan, 
there are two legs to credit. One is secured credit, one is unsecured credit. On secured 
credit, our goal is to partner with leading banks and NBFCs to drive distribution of their 
credit into smaller towns. So, extend the reach of their branches to be able to offer more 
secured credit to consumers. So that is something that, Gulshan, will be a function of both 
number of partners and business per partner. So that is something on the secured side. On 
the unsecured side Gulshan, which is the lead that small businesses and consumers have on 
the ground, because as you're aware, they lack sufficient collateral to do secured credit all 
the time. They have loans, emergency needs for business, personal needs and all that. So 
unsecured loans where they rely on local money lenders and all of that. So, it's a big unmet 
need that we ought to serve. And in this we are building our programs, building our 
algorithms where we can rely on data and physical access to be able to underwrite 
responsibly for our lending partners. So unlike secured credit where our role is a lot on 
origination, in the case of unsecured space, it extends to not just origination, but also 
underwriting and collections. So, this is an area that we want to continue to grow. So right 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
now, how much will credit as a new engine contribute to the bottom-line growth? I think it's 
a function of both doing the top of the funnel and the bottom of the funnel. We are working 
on both in terms of number of borrowers on our platform on the unsecured side and the 
number of people who actually get a loan over there. So, both increasing the top and the 
bottom of the funnel. And this is something that we are running multiple experiments. I can 
just share with you that AI will play a big role here. We are very excited about AI programs 
under Spice Money. We've not spoken about that in the presentation. But, you know, just 
to share with all of you that, you know, we are running a big AI program under Spice Money 
where we will provide, you know, assistance using AI to our adhikaris. But more 
importantly, use AI for, you know, thinking about looking at alternate data for underwriting. 
Today, we have a unique opportunity with respect to our feet-on-street as well as your 
ability to collect both primary and platform data. So, Gulshan, this is an area which I believe 
will contribute significantly to our bottom-line over the next couple of years. So, we are 
committed to it and we have a large team focusing on, well, I say large team meaning a 
good-sized team focusing on solving for credit. When it comes to Spice Pay, we see this as 
our kind of a neo banking app for consumers. As I said, we have over 100 million customers 
that we touch on an annual basis, nearly 27 million on a quarterly basis. So effectively, we 
have a lot of cashless consumers who have not yet started using a digital banking app at 
scale. And we believe that there are multiple reasons for that. We are building out Spice Pay 
for such consumers. Again, here, the goal is to first drive adoption usage and then look at 
monetization. As I mentioned, once consumers are able to start paying digitally using that 
data, we'll be able to recommend to them products that work for them across the financial 
services space. And there is a business model associated with that program. So effectively, if 
you look at it, we have a distribution network where we continue to earn on the back of the 
fees that we earn on the back of distribution of current and future financial products. And 
on that, we are printing the pillars of both, digital wallet as well as digital lending. So, I 
would say, Gulshan, we are laying the foundation and hopefully this will, see results, in the 
coming quarters and years. At UPI Cashpoint, Gulshan, this is a great initiative of the 
regulator, of DFS, of NPCI, today, we already see in the market that a lot of people are using 
UPI to withdraw cash from their nearby merchant point. You know, the BC Mitras can come 
in as a great way to do this in an organized way. So, we are one of the companies who are 
going to be committed to organizing this space to allow consumers to be able to look out 
for UPI Cashpoints where they can go scan and take cash. So today, what is popularized as 
Scan and Pay at UPI Cashpoints will also become popular for scan and take cash. So, we 
know that consumers sometimes have need for cash as well. How do we make it easy for 
them to withdraw cash using UPI? So, this is going to be, like we said, very difficult to call 
out the numbers, Gulshan, but we know that the number of UPI app users in the country 
versus the number of AePS users, it's an X factor. And so, as we drive adoption of this 
product, we also are looking at potentially see UPI Cashpoint as helping us grow our overall 
spice money agent base. So, we hope that this will add to both volume and value of our 
cash out business. Let me hand over to Sunil on the point of ROCE. 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Sunil Kapoor: 
Hi. On the return on capital employed, you asked about that how the growth of the return 
on capital employed. I will say that if you see our capital structure, that is, we are working 
on the asset light model. We have given another ratio in our presentation about that. And if 
we see that operational efficiency will contribute to the more profitability and earning for 
whatever the capital employed is there. So as our operating efficiency keep on going and 
with what I had mentioned in my profitability presentation, that more and more products 
we can put on this channel. And whatever the new engines we have mentioned it out, when 
they will be generating the profits and in the coming quarters, our return on capital 
employed will have a growth and have immense growth potential. Thank you. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, sir. We'll move to the next participant. Mr. Raj Vyas. Request you to unmute 
yourself and ask your question. Please mention the firm you represent and ask your 
question. 
Raj Vyas: 
I am from TM Investments Technologies Private Ltd. So, my question is with respect to the 
momentum across your AePS, CASA and Credit. So which verticals do we expect to be the 
biggest road drivers for H2 of FY'26 and as early as FY'27 as well? So, could you throw some 
light on it and any ballpark numbers if you can provide? 
Dilip Modi: 
So, Raj, if we look at credit distribution, and maybe, Viral, if you're controlling the investor 
presentation slide, if you could go to the credit distribution slide, please. Because Raj joined 
late, if you can go to the credit distribution slide. Yes. Raj, if you see this slide, you would 
see in Q2 this year, we've done about Rs. 176 crores worth of loans distributed value wise 
and if you look at in just terms of secured loans, it's about Rs. 155 crores and unsecured 
loans about Rs. 20 crores. But a lot of this unsecured loans is not just origination, but also 
support on underwriting and collection. So, our earning on this Rs. 20 crores is a lot higher 
than what we do otherwise. But if you look at just the growth rate, last full year, FY'25, we 
did about Rs. 253 crores worth of loans distribution. While this quarter itself, we've done 
about Rs. 176 crores. So, this is one product, Raj, that we expect to continue to scale. This is 
literally becoming like a directionally Rs. 100 crore a month kind of a product. And this is 
something that we will look to scale because more and more small businesses and 
consumers are looking for better credit and formal financial institutions can serve it. So, 
between AePS, CASA and credit, we are most bullish around credit. Then when it comes to 
AePS, if you go to the AePS slide, please, Viral, can you just go back to the AePS slide? you 
see this slide on AePS, our focus is on consolidation. So, the idea is that now the industry is 
going to go through a consolidation phase because the regulators come up with new AePS 
touchpoint operator guidelines. So, there's going to be a huge need to self-regulate. So, we 
think that will lead to consolidation and growth in market share of a few operators. So, like 
in UPI, you see a few platforms dominating the UPI market. We believe that a few 
companies will also dominate the AePS segment. And this is how we are trying to grow 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
AePS. Again, two new products, AePS Cashpoint and UPI Cash Withdrawal, are also two 
which will help us overall growth in the cash out opportunity. So, this is on AePS. And on 
CASA, as Aastha explained, it's not about number of accounts. It's about quality of accounts. 
So, we want to make sure that, we open accounts that are active, that are transacting every 
month, that there are minimum number of debits and credits happening in the account. 
Because one of the reasons, one of the things we do not want to see happen is our network 
leading to set up of a lot of inactive accounts. That is a huge challenge which we need to 
solve for to make sure that we have active accounts. So, our focus is going to be on quality 
of accounts. And we are working with our banking partners to see how we can drive both 
transacting accounts and every active account. So actually, in terms of just order, it's credit, 
AePS, CASA, but all three we believe will continue to contribute to our growth in business. 
Thank you. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, sir. In between, we'll take some questions that have been put on the chat box. 
Vedika, who had asked an initial question from Agarwal family office, she has a follow up 
question. Question is, as float balances expand, what additional monetization avenues are 
you exploring beyond the core CASA income? 
Dilip Modi: 
Vedika, as our agents start opening savings accounts for consumers and current accounts 
for small businesses around them, the goal is to establish account-based relationship with 
the consumer and the small business. So now not only can our agents become points where 
consumers and small businesses deposit cash into these accounts to grow the balances, but 
also transact with the account. So, our goal is to work with our banking partners to drive a 
CRM program where we get engaged to understand what are the products can they be used 
to become fully banked. So, at the end of the day, depending on the persona, we look at, 
what sort of investment opportunities, what sort of other saving opportunities there are, 
but also then start looking at products like credit and insurance. So, at the end of the day, 
the goal is not just to open accounts, but to send multiple products in these accounts and 
effectively Vedika, start thinking of ourselves like a branch network. So, if you think of bank 
branches, right, the journey starts with opening account and then it grows from there. So 
that's how we are thinking that today banks at large have two channels to onboard and 
engage with customers. One is the bank branch channel and the other is the digital channel. 
We have an opportunity to provide to them an effective third channel where we have a 
digitally enabled agent network. That can function as a mini branch for our partner to be 
able to both onboard and drive services adoption in this way. So the idea is to not just be an 
extended branch network, but make sure that we are able to deliver more services through 
this branch network. So, opening an account is the starting point of the journey of serving 
consumers at one end along with small businesses and banks and NBFCs and other financial 
providers at the other end. 
 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, sir. We've moved to the next question. Suraj Shinde from YES Securities. Only 
4% of agents are selling CASA. What is your adoption target for the next 12 months and 
what ARPU uplift does each activated agent generate? 
Dilip Modi: 
Yes, so I think, just on this CASA point, I want to make a point here that one is to grow 
number of agents opening CASA. But I think what we are equally, if not more keen on is to 
drive more business per agent. You see, the idea is that, you know, when banks look at 
opening branches, you know, they look at the economics per branch. And when we enable 
an agent to become a point to do CASA, we want to look at business per agent. So, we don't 
want to spread ourselves too thin. We want to make sure we have good reach. But look at it 
this way that, if you look at overall as a country, bank branches about a little over 200,000, 
right? We have significant number of agents. So even if we get to about, 50,000-100,000 
agents, which are doing account opening, we've become one of the largest branch networks 
in the country. So effectively for us, it's about making sure that the quality of accounts and 
the quality of agents onboarding customers with these accounts is the key metric that we 
want to chase. So that's what we're going to continue to focus on. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, sir. He has another question. Secured lending disbursements are at Rs. 176 
crores. That's 3x on a YOY basis. What is the FY'26 full year disbursement target? And what 
percentage of this will be secured versus unsecured? 
Dilip Modi: 
So, as I mentioned, our goal is to get to nearly Rs. 100 crores a month kind of a number. But 
majority of this, nearly 70% continues to be secured. And maybe the pie on unsecured will 
be more than 30%. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, sir. And the last question, what are your early delinquency and 30 plus DPD 
numbers for the secured loan portfolio? And what loss rates are you underwriting for 
FY'26? 
Dilip Modi: 
So actually, on the secured loans, we are not underwriting any losses. There is no 
delinquency that we participate in. Secured loans for our partners is by definition a better 
category when it comes to managing delinquency. But our role is more as lead originators. 
And that's what we focus on. But obviously, we make sure that we help the lender to find 
borrowers, but we have no participation on underwriting or delinquency on the secured 
credit side. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, sir. Another question from Atul Daga from Daga Securities. This quarter marks 
your strongest revenue performance in six quarters alongside a sharp improvement in 
profitability. Could you walk us through what changed on ground, whether it was better 
throughput or per agent improved mix or cost efficiencies that helped deliver this outcome? 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Dilip Modi: 
So, Atul, thank you for this question. Actually, it was a combination of all of the above. If 
you really look at it, the way now we are beginning to see the last five years, we grew our 
agent base significantly. Now, what is our focus is to drive throughput per agent. So, we've 
just been talking about CASA, we've been talking about credit. So, our goal is to now do 
more per agent. So, that continues to be our big focus, you know, to look at a certain cohort 
within our large agent base and see how we can drive more throughput per agent. So, that 
is definitely our number one focus. In terms of mix of products, you know, we are looking at 
more value-added products like credit, which offers you offer higher margins to both the 
agents and as a Company and to the lenders and the others also enables them to do more 
and more importantly for borrowers, it helps them to get access to better credit. So, this is 
something that we continue to want to drive on CASA as we open more quality accounts 
and as more products are sold per account or consumed per account, we will be able to 
drive the take rate there as well. So, our goal is through product mix to drive our take rate. 
We are closer to about 40 bps. We want to get to 100 bps. So, effectively, in terms of 
throughput per agent, higher GTV per agent, in terms of take rate move from 40 bps closer 
to 100 bps and cost efficiency, Sunil spoke about it. This is something that we will continue 
to focus on. If you look at H1 this year compared to H1 last year, our costs have not gone 
up. And the reason they have not come down is because we are committed to new engines. 
If we were not investing in new engines, our cost would actually, even reduce from that 
point of view. But we are committed to also looking at AI and tech-led interventions to 
make sure that we can drive more from the same. And one of the reasons you've seen our 
indirect costs of new engines also come down is because some of our platform resources 
are being allocated to also help us on new engines. So, you're not doubling up in terms of 
hiring more, but getting more from who we have. So, there's a lot of upskilling happening of 
our current teams. And all of them are now becoming AI-first developers to make sure that 
on code development, on customer service, we continue to use AI to drive efficiency. So, it's 
all of the above to both drive topline and as Sunil mentioned, it's an efficiency led bottom-
line growth. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, Dilip sir. We move to the next question. Chelsea from Avendus Spark. I just 
wanted to know, there are several new products lined up for H2. What are the key 
investments being made to ensure readiness and scalability of these launches? 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Chelsea. The biggest one to begin with is the UPI Cashpoint. This is playing into 
our core domain of cash withdrawal. And this is one area where more than investment, it's 
about getting the product ready. We've tested it. We're waiting for some of the large 
platforms to get ready for it to be able to launch it towards the end of this quarter. This is 
more a GTM readiness that we are having. South and West are two big markets that we're 
very excited about. There's heavy UPI penetration over there. You know, we believe that 
this product has great legs to grow there. And so, this is more a GTM readiness. And we 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
believe that this has an opportunity more to add a great new product to our current BC 
agent base. But also, we are hopeful that it will help us grow our number of BC agents. So, 
this is the first big launch that we are excited about and committed for H2. We continue to 
look at, our core areas around credit. And as we add more partners, and as we scale up on 
our AI-led underwriting programs on secured credit, we see that as a big one. So, the 
investment there is more around running pilots on the ground. You know, where we are 
collecting data and then feeding it onto AI systems to be able to run and compare both AI-
led underwriting and manual underwriting. So, there's an investment involved there. So, we 
have a separate bucket around credit-related investments. And the third one is Spice Pay, 
which is our new banking app for consumers. And this is, again, a bucket in itself where we 
are working with partners to look at that program. Here, our focus is to make sure that we 
can drive both product market fit and unit economics. There is talk about an MDR 
component on PPI-led UPI spending. But this is something we are not betting on right now 
because overall, UPI has grown at a zero MDR. So, we are looking at building the economic 
model outside of that. But we want to make sure that there we invest in product market fit. 
So, a lot of focus right now is going in terms of market research, on-ground market surveys, 
ethnography work that we are doing. You know, so if you really look at it, what is our 
network investment where we are focusing on FOS, distributor capacity, you know, Adhikari 
training and development, platform business, the credit business where we are focusing on 
partner engagement, AI-led underwriting programs. And then Spice Pay, which is around 
on-the-ground market research and flow work, as well as designing and building the 
product to make sure that, we are able to put a great app in the hands of consumers that 
they fall in love with. So, I think over the next five months, before we close this financial 
year, you're absolutely right, there's a lot happening. Some of it will show results in the 
short term, but quite a few will show us results in the coming year and beyond. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, sir. We have one Rahul Ahuja who has raised his hand. We'd like to take his 
question. Mr. Ahuja, please mention the firm you represent and go ahead with your 
question. 
Rahul Ahuja: 
So, the CASA momentum has been impressive with over 13-lakh accounts opened. I just 
want to know that what is driving this pickup and how large do you see this opportunity 
becoming over the next few quarters? I am Rahul Ahuja from Sky Capital. 
Dilip Modi: 
So, Rahul, as you see, the need for accounts grows, the number of accounts opened will 
grow. One of the key things to watch out, Rahul, as you think about account opening is to 
make sure that we continue to open quality accounts, Rahul. So, like I said, that's why float 
balances are very important for us because we want people who will open accounts and 
then use them, which basically means they will have balances which are growing in those 
accounts. So, I think, we are just making sure that we don't just open the funnel and just 
have lots of people opening lots of accounts. So, it's a kind of a measured growth, Rahul, 
where we are not just opening the thing for lots of agents to open accounts. It's very 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
selective. It's training-led. It's capacity-building. And therefore, but yes, directionally, if you 
look at the number of branches in our country and the number of consumers and small 
businesses to serve, there's a big gap. So, can our agents from just being ATM points 
become effectively mini-branches for banks and NBFCs at large? The answer is yes. So, I 
think, with some of our leading banking partners, we have programs where we are trying to 
do more per agent and effectively convert them into a mini-branch. So, this is a segment, 
Rahul, that we are focusing on because eventually consumers want to go to a physical 
branch to engage with their bank. If our agents can double up as mini-branches for our 
banking partners, it can allow them to multiply the reach of their branches. So, we will keep 
you updated in terms of some of the programs we are running with some of our anchor 
banking partners. And that will show us the kind of opportunity that exists because almost 
every bank in the country is looking for a blue ocean in terms of quality accounts. And if we 
can enable that for them, we believe that we have an opportunity to grow with them. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take our last question from Mr. Lalit Agarwal. What is the average 
ticket size of the unsecured loans and do we have any seasonality in our business? Two 
separate questions from Lalit Agarwal. 
Aastha Garg: 
So, on the average ticket size in the unsecured business, the average ticket looks like a Rs. 
50,000 daily loan that we give to an Adhikari today. And on the seasonality in our business, I 
think on the credit front in unsecured loan, that might not be relevant. But if we come to 
businesses like CMS, yes, there is seasonality in terms of various enterprises that we work 
with. So, there are farm enterprises we are working with where the collections happen 
more in the farm cycle. And then there are logistic enterprises, more logistic sale happens 
towards the festive season. So, there's that. And then coming to our obviously core 
business, AePS, that also has some kind of not seasonality, but there is growth and 
degrowth related to some kind of state and national subsidies that do flow in this product. 
So, that's there in the overall AePS business. Other products, for example, CASA and credit 
do not see a lot of seasonality. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thanks, Aastha. That was the last question. I now like to hand over the stage to Dilip sir for 
his closing remarks. Sir, over to you. 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Snighter. Once again, thank you so much to all who have taken out their 
valuable time to join us on a Monday. I really encourage you to stay connected with us. This 
is a very exciting space. We are, literally with shovels, building things from things which 
have never been built. We are serving customers that have never been served in terms of 
building the full financial services stack for them. We truly believe we are building a 
foundational layer for Bharat Banking. And we are very excited with this opportunity as well 
as the ability to work with multiple partners in the ecosystem. We are blessed to have a 
regulator who's committed to not just orderly growth, but innovation. The RBI Innovation 
Hub is a great initiative where they continue to work on programs to drive financial 

                                                                               
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
inclusion. We are very excited with the opportunity to work with such a progressive 
regulator. We are very blessed to have partners, marquee partners, who have chosen our 
platform to be able to drive penetration of formal financial products. 
And let me close by saying that we are truly blessed to be able to serve over 100 million 
consumers who today are not touched by the formal financial sector because of the lack of 
economics of opening a branch in a community where they live. So, we are truly not just 
building a business. We are making sure that we serve people at large and do it in a 
profitable and viable way. So, we invite you all on this unique journey that we are on of 
financially empowering Bharat at scale. Thank you so much for your time and thank you for 
your patience. 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you, Dilip sir. Thank you everyone for participating at our earnings quarterly call of 
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited. We look forward to seeing you next quarter as well. Thank 
you and have a great evening. 
**** 
Note :  
This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be 
read in conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The 
information contained in the transcript is a textual representation of the company's event 
and while efforts are made to provide an accurate transcription, there may be errors, 
omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event.  
This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related to 
future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements often address our 
expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as 
“expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” “shall” or “will.” 
Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, 
uncertain. These uncertainties may cause our actual future results to be materially different 
that those expressed in our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update 
our forward-looking statements. 
 
