 
 
Ref: MHL/Sec&Legal/2025-26/74 
 
 
 
 
                                                 November 11, 2025 
 
To,  
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 542650 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Scrip Symbol: METROPOLIS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Earnings call transcript for Q2 FY26 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Q2 FY26 earnings conference call held on Thursday, November 06, 2025. 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e. www.metropolisindia.com 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
Kamlesh C Kulkarni  
Head – Legal & Secretarial 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
Kamlesh 
Chandrashekhar 
Kulkarni
Digitally signed by Kamlesh 
Chandrashekhar Kulkarni 
Date: 2025.11.11 18:31:51 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2025 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recording uploaded on the stock exchanges on November 06, 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. AMEERA SHAH – CHAIRPERSON & WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRAN CHEMMENKOTIL – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. AVADHUT JOSHI – CHIEF BUSINESS 
DEVELOPMENT OFFICER – METROPOLIS 
HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. SAMEER PATEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER– 
METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. TAUSIF SHAIKH – BNP PARIBAS INDIA 
 
 
 
 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Metropolis Healthcare Limited, hosted by BNP Paribas. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company, and it may involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tausif Shaikh from BNP Paribas India. Thank you and 
over to you Mr. Shaikh. 
Tausif Shaikh: 
Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all to the Metropolis Q2 FY '26 earnings con 
call. I Tausif Shaikh, India Analyst at BNP Paribas for Pharma and Healthcare Service would 
like to thank the management of Metropolis for giving us the opportunity to host the call. 
 
From the Metropolis team, we have with us today Ms. Ameera Shah, Chairman and Whole-
Time Director; Mr. Surendran, Managing Director; Mr. Sameer Patel, CFO; and Mr. Avadhut 
Joshi, Chief Business Development Officer. 
 
Now I would like to hand the call to Ameera ma'am for opening remarks. Over to you, ma'am. 
Ameera Shah: 
Thank you so much, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today on the Q2 and 
H1 FY '26 earnings conference call. I'm joined by Suren, the MD; Avadhut, the Chief Business 
Development Officer; Mohan, Sameer and the other team and SGA. We've uploaded our 
investor presentation and related documents on the exchange and on the company's website, and 
I hope everyone's had an opportunity to go through the same. 
 
Let me begin with a brief overview of the broader healthcare landscape before we move into the 
company's performance updates. The Indian healthcare sector is undergoing major change 
driven by rising health awareness, better access and a focus on affordability. Patients are 
increasingly proactive about preventive care and early diagnosis, leading to more patients -- 
more tests per patient. With great emphasis on quality, accuracy and credible reports, consumers 
now prefer organized trusted diagnostic chains over small unorganized local labs. 
 
The competitive environment continues to remain stable with no major new entrants. We're 
observing a natural consolidation in the market, where many smaller unorganized labs are 
finding it difficult to sustain due to rising compliance, technology and quality requirements. This 
trend is accelerating the shift towards organized and trusted diagnostic players where Metropolis 
is well positioned with its brand equity, clinician trust and superior quality standards. 
 
Talking about our quarterly performance, it's an exciting time for us at Metropolis as we continue 
to deliver strong broad-based growth of 23% year-over-year, accompanied by sustained margin 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
expansion. This consistent trajectory reinforces the strength of our strategy, the resilience of our 
business model and the disciplined execution by our teams across the country. 
 
We had earlier emphasized automation and digitization as key strategic priorities, and I'm 
pleased to share that we are seeing strong progress. Over the past few quarters, we have rolled 
out several digital initiatives, including a new consumer app, a partner app for our partners and 
lead automation for them as well, along with middleware auto authorization in our labs, helping 
improve our TAT, which is our turnaround time, and enhanced inventory management system, 
driving material efficiency and AI call quality monitoring in our contact centre for improved 
customer experience. 
 
Together, these initiatives are not just strengthening our operational backbone, but also elevating 
customer experience, quality, consistency and scalability, all of which are critical to sustaining 
our leadership position in the premium diagnostics segment. 
 
On the acquisition front, our focus during the year has been on stabilization, process integration 
and synergy realization. It's only been a few months, but the priority has been to standardize 
operating procedures and drive cost efficiencies as per plan. I'm pleased to share that we are 
fully on track with the expected synergy realization and timelines. 
 
Our integration efforts are progressing smoothly, both at the technology and people level. Teams 
have been harmonized under a unified performance framework, while product portfolios are 
being aligned to strengthen cross-selling opportunities and enhance local market relevance. As 
planned, year 1 is about integration and efficiency, while year 2 will be focused on scaling 
revenue growth over the strong foundation. 
 
For the current year, our clear focus at Metropolis remains at margin expansion and operating 
leverage with multiple levers in motion, better cost controls, improved test mix, automation 
benefits and productivity gains. Importantly, we are not planning any new acquisitions over the 
next 6, 9 months as we believe the immediate opportunity lies in organically scaling the business 
and strengthening key strategic drivers already in motion. 
 
Our genomics journey continues to make steady progress, leveraging Core Diagnostics as our 
base platform. The integration of Core has enhanced our capabilities in high-end molecular 
diagnostics, oncology and next-generation sequencing, and obviously improved our front-end 
connect with oncologists. 
 
We are now expanding the test menu, deepening collaboration with clinicians and building a 
stronger R&D-driven test development pipeline. The upcoming centre of excellence in Delhi 
will serve as a hub for innovation, training and scientific excellence, further reinforcing our 
leadership in research-driven diagnostics. 
 
On the GLP-1 therapy front, we are closely tracking developments as this class of drug expands 
its presence in metabolic and weight management treatments. These therapies necessitate regular 
and repeat diagnostic monitoring to assess their efficacy and safety. And we see a long-term 
structural opportunity here to leverage our deep clinician network to co-create testing protocols, 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
packages and wellness plus disease management pathways aligned with GLP-1-based 
treatments. 
 
Lastly, the Metropolis moat continues to strengthen. Our differentiators remain unwavering 
commitment to quality, wider accessibility and a deeper customer-centric approach. These core 
strengths have resulted in high customer and doctor retention, a top-ranking Net Promoter Score 
and a steady increase in revenue per patient and revenue per test. 
 
Our focus has always been on the quality of business rather than just volume, ensuring that every 
customer interaction builds trust, loyalty and long-term customer value. In essence, we are 
building a resilient future-ready diagnostics company, one that balances growth with 
profitability, science with empathy and scale with precision. 
 
With this, I hand over the call now to Suren, who will take you through the company's strategic 
updates and operational performance for the quarter and half year ended September 2025. Suren, 
over to you. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Thank you, Ameera, and good morning, and a very warm welcome to everyone joining this call. 
We are pleased to report that Group revenue for quarter 2 and H1 of financial year '26 grew by 
23% year-on-year. Metropolis revenues on an organic basis grew by 12% in quarter 2 and 
margins stood at 26.8% as compared to 26.2% in quarter 2 last year, an improvement of 60 bps 
in line with our guidance. 
 
TruHealth and Specialty segment revenues grew by 21% and 15%, respectively, on a year-on-
year basis for organic business. Group level EBITDA margin is at 25.4% in quarter 2 with Core 
Diagnostics EBITDA improving in line with our plans to high-single-digit, moving from 
breakeven in March. The same was at 23.1% last quarter. 
 
Speaking of the second quarter, fever-related test volume did grow, but the growth was slower 
than the usual monsoon season and per expectations, primarily due to lower incidence of 
common infections such as chikungunya, malaria, dengue and viral fevers. Despite this, 
Metropolis remained well positioned by quickly realigning focus areas and emphasizing growth 
in Specialty testing and TruHealth offerings. This proactive approach allowed us to offset the 
decline in seasonal volumes, maintain overall business momentum and revenue growth of 23% 
year-on-year. 
 
Our B2C segment contributed 59% of total revenues for the quarter, recording an 11% year-on-
year growth for organic business. This double-digit growth was driven by strong performance 
in our TruHealth and Specialty segments, supported by targeted micro marketing initiatives and 
sustained clinician engagement programs. 
 
Our Mumbai revenues for quarter 2 grew by 13% year-on-year despite lower fever-related cases, 
reaffirming our strong leadership in Mumbai market. B2B segment accounted 41% of total 
volumes, registering a 14% year-on-year growth for organic business. This growth was driven 
by an increase in both patient volumes and realizations. 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
Our clinical trial business also delivered a strong contribution in this quarter, aligning well with 
our specialty focus. With continuous enhancement to our partner portals, improved transparency 
and greater service efficiency, we remain optimistic about achieving higher volumes in the 
coming quarters. 
 
As Metropolis enters into the next phase of growth, enhancing productivity and operational 
efficiency will be key to driving sustainable progress. Our focus is on maximizing output while 
maintaining superior service quality through the core levers of driving people productivity, 
process and lab operation efficiency through AI and digitization. This 6 to 12-month road map 
is designed to lay the groundwork for scalable and profitable growth and continue to position 
the company for leadership in Specialty. 
 
As part of Metropolis 3.0 strategy, we continue to focus on the following things: one, 
accelerating our presence in new markets with focus on Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. Following the 
completion of our lab expansion program in last year, we are now expanding our network of 
collection centres to feed these labs and increase throughput. 
 
In H1, we added approximately 200 centres with a plan to add another 300 more centres in H2. 
We are now present across 750 towns, as we said earlier, and are going deeper in these towns 
by adding new clients and clinician connects and increasing our brand visibility amongst the 
consumers. 
 
Secondly, strengthening our high-end specialized testing capabilities by enhancing AI-based 
allergy testing, AI-based diagnostics and expansion in genomics segment and many other areas. 
Third, enhancing the TruHealth portfolio through science-led bundling, doctor consultation and 
an integrated approach with basic radiology, allowing us to address the higher ends of the market 
as well as the lower rural packages for Tier 3 and Tier 4 towns. 
 
Fourth, integrating digital and AI-driven tools to enhance service quality and operational 
efficiency, supporting sustainable growth and scalability. In conclusion, I would like to highlight 
that our H1 performance has been largely in line with our guidance, achieving an organic 
revenue growth of 12% to 13% and margin expansion of approximately 40 bps on a year-on-
year basis so far. We remain confident in our ability to meet the stated estimates in H2 this year. 
 
With these strategies in place, combined with the disciplined execution, a strong leadership team 
and alignment around common vision, we are confident in our ability to further build and 
reinforce our leadership position nationwide. 
 
With this, I hand over to Sameer to take you through the financial numbers for the quarter and 
H1. 
Sameer Patel: 
Thank you, Suren, and good morning, everyone. Let me now share some of the key financial 
performance for quarter 2 FY '26. As informed in the previous quarter, we have bifurcated our 
performance reporting on 2 aspects for the current year. MHL Group includes 3 acquisitions of 
Core Diagnostics; DAPIC, Dehradun; Scientific Pathology, Agra; and second, MHL Organic 
excludes these 3 acquisitions. 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
Also change in definition for B2C and B2B segment to streamline the same with the industry 
standards. B2C includes all owned franchisee and rural centres and B2B includes B2B lab, 
hospital, government, corporate and clinical trials. 
 
Moving to the financial and operational performance. First, I would like to highlight operational 
performance for MHL on organic basis. Revenue and EBITDA grew by 12% and 14.5%, 
respectively, and PAT grew by 13.6% on a year-on-year basis. Patient volumes stood at 3.6 
million, a growth of 6% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
Test volumes stood at 7.4 million, a growth of 6% on a year-on-year basis with increasing 
contribution from TruHealth segment, we consider one profile as one test, which is different 
from peers. On a like-to-like basis as peers, this number would be significantly higher. 
 
Our B2C revenue stood at INR 230 crores, a growth of 11% on a year-on-year basis and B2B 
revenue growth stood at 14%. TruHealth and Specialty segment grew by 21% and 15%, 
respectively. As per the revised classification of B2C segment, B2C contributes 59% of total 
revenue. Revenue for Specialty B2C segment grew by 16% and B2C TruHealth segment grew 
by 20% on a year-on-year basis. B2B revenue contributes 41% of total revenue and B2B 
Specialty grew by 15%. 
 
EBITDA of MHL on organic basis stood at INR 104.8 crores, a growth of 14.5% on a year-on-
year basis. EBITDA margin for MHL Organic stood at 26.8%, increase of 210 basis points on a 
sequential basis and 60 basis points on a year-on-year basis. PAT for MHL on an organic basis 
stood at INR 53 crores at a growth of 13.6% year-on-year basis. PAT margin of MHL Organic 
stood at 13.6%, an increase of 20 basis points on a year-on-year basis. 
 
Moving to key performance indicators for MHL Group. Revenue for the Group grew by 22.7% 
on a year-on-year basis. Patient volume stood at 3.7 million and test volume stood at 7.9 million, 
a growth of 11% and 12%, respectively. B2C revenue grew by 16% and B2B revenue grew by 
33% on year-on-year basis. 
 
On MHL Group basis, revenue from North now contributes 19% of overall revenue, largely 
because of recent acquisitions, which has its major presence and revenue coming from North 
region. Revenue growth from Tier 1 towns stood at 26% and Tier 3 towns stood at 13% on a 
year-on-year basis. Revenue from Tier 3 town now contributes 24% of total revenue. 
 
Contribution from B2C revenue stood at 56% in Q2 FY '26. The decrease in B2C compared to 
organic business of 59% is largely on account of consolidation of Core Diagnostics, which has 
majority of revenue contribution from B2B. 
 
EBITDA margin for MHL Group stood at 25.4%. The decrease was largely attributed to a lower 
margin profile of Core Diagnostics. However, we are happy to report that margin for Core has 
increased from low-single-digit to higher-single-digit in Q2 FY '26 compared to quarter 1 FY 
'26. PAT for the MHL Group stood at INR 52.9 crores with a margin of 12.3%. 
 
That's all from my side. With this, I open the floor for the question and answers. 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from line of Anshul Agrawal from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead.  
Anshul Agrawal: 
My first question is on margins. How should we look at margin trajectory going ahead? I mean, 
you have posted the healthy organic margin expansion. Should we expect this to continue with 
ramp-up in Core as well in the latter half of the year or would we stick to our margin guidance 
previously of almost flattish because of Core dilution? 
Ameera Shah: 
Suren? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. So if you remember beginning of the year, when we stated the estimates, we said for this 
full year, the organic business will do about 70 to 100 bps margins better than the previous year, 
and the previous year was 24.3%. And we said we will move up by 70 to 100 bps, and we stay 
committed to the same number even at this point of time. 
 
And we said for the overall Group, there will be dilution of 1% to 1.2% because of the lower 
margins of Core. And that also by the time we exit this year, Core will be close to 2-digit margins. 
So these are the, I mean, statements we made in the beginning of the year. And all these remain 
same at this point of time. We are heading towards the same direction. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Just a follow-up to understand this better. Our organic business margins have surpassed the 
expectations that we would have had at the beginning of the year. So question was from that 
perspective. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. So Anshul, what happens in quarter 2 is relatively a high-volume quarter, and hence, your 
margins will be definitely better than the average margin of the year. And hence, it's not 
necessary that the quarter 2 our margins will be the same going forward in quarter 3 and quarter 
4. So for a full year basis, from a 24.3%, you would see 70 to 100 bps upside by the time we 
close this year for the full year. That will be the organic business trajectory. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Got it. This wouldn't be dependent on our B2C and B2B mix, or would it? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, I think there will be some impact of the B2C, B2B mix, but we are not envisaging any 
significant shift in the B2C, B2B mix going forward, which is at currently 59%, 41% (19:44 
Inaudible) and the B2C contribution can be a little higher by the time we exit this year. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Got it. Second question was on TruHealth. In your opening remarks, you mentioned that we are 
adding certain radiology tests in the TruHealth packages. Would this sort of be limited to sort of 
filling up prescriptions or would we think of venturing into advanced radiology at this stage? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: So currently, the plan on TruHealth with respect to radiology is that the basic radiology services 
like the ECG and then X-ray and ultrasound, these are 3 things that we are basically adding on 
to the TruHealth packages. And we have a capability of adding now the ECG across the country 
and the X-ray and ultrasound around 5 towns in the country. So that we now got integrated into 
the TruHealth packages. And not high end  in this scheme of things for the rest of the year, we 
are not including the very high-end radiology like MRI or a CT scan, etcetera. 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Got it. The last question that I had was on our volume or top line guidance. I understand it's a 
stable pricing environment as such with more tailwinds around GLP-1 drugs and specialized 
testing. Would we sort of retain our top line guidance as we stated at the start of the year? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. We want to maintain top line guidance, like I mentioned, for the rest of the year as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Senjoy Chakraborty from BNP Paribas Securities India. 
Senjoy Chakraborty: 
So my first question is on the lab testing charges. Although it's a very small amount compared 
to your other operating expenses, on a half yearly basis, the expense has almost close to doubled. 
Just wanted to understand what is the reason behind this? And will we see the same quarterly 
run rate in that expense in the third and fourth quarter as well? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Just give a moment. You're talking about lab testing charges, right? 
Senjoy Chakraborty: 
Yes, that's right. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. So I think H1, 60% of the lab testing charges are because of the Core, outsourcing charges 
of Core. But otherwise, nothing has significantly changed. And it's only because of the 
integration of Core and the trends will remain same for the rest of the year. 
Senjoy Chakraborty: 
My second question is on your revenue for this quarter. So would it be possible to quantify how 
much of the revenue from your acquired assets came from each of the assets? Like how much 
revenue came from Core and Dr. Ahuja's and Scientific Pathology, if that's possible? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, I think the overall put together is 11% of the revenue growth has come from all the 
integrated entities. Maybe, we can talk later to give you the details of each of the entities have 
contributed to each. 
Senjoy Chakraborty: 
That sounds okay. If I can just squeeze in one more. Coming back to the margin front, if I'm 
correct, earlier you had guided high-single-digit margin for Core. And given that you have 
already are at high-single-digit margin in the second quarter itself, so are you still sticking to 
your earlier guidance for Core or do you think there is a scope for low-double-digit margin for 
FY '26? And how do see the margins. 
Ameera Shah: 
Yes. No, for FY '26, I think we'll stick with the high-single digit, because as you know, Q1 was 
I think about 2%, 3% margin. Q2 is, like we said, is sort of mid-to-high single-digit. Q3, we 
hope to move to a higher-single-digit and then Q4 move to sort of closer to a double-digit. 
 
So the average for the year will still come out to a high-single-digit, which gives us a good 
foundation to make a leap into next year to obviously move into a double-digit margin on track 
for what we had sort of projected when we actually made the acquisition. 
 
So I think the synergies are playing out as we expected. But usually in these acquisitions, what 
we've seen is whenever you buy one of these businesses, there is a certain amount of practice 
clean-up that has to be done, ways of working changes that has to be done, integration that has 
to be done. 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
 
And in services businesses, this not only takes a little bit of time, but it also means that sometimes 
you may stop certain businesses, etcetera. So whatever clean-up needs to be done, we are doing 
it in year 1 on the revenue side so that you don't carry that on into the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Ameera and Surendran, just the competitive intensity at this point of time, maybe in B2B also, 
if you could kind of give us some qualitative comments. Your B2B revenue growth is now 
starting to trend better. So I just want to understand that. And is there any impact of this 
reclassification on any of these numbers? 
 
Like it looks like B2C percentage contribution has gone up to 59%.  but on a like-for-like, I can 
see what you have moved to in terms of definition, but where were our classifications earlier? 
And does that have a material impact on your growth rates for both of these 2 segments? 
Ameera Shah: 
So I'll answer the first question. I'll let Suren take the second one. So just talking on the 
competitive intensity, see, obviously, during COVID, we saw a bunch of health techs jump in, 
we saw a bunch of pharma guys jump in, hospital guys. We haven't really seen any new players 
jump in, in any significant way in the last couple of years. 
 
So on the B2B side, while some existing players are intensifying their efforts, we haven't seen 
any price competition escalation. We are seeing some amount of stability for that in the last 1 or 
2 years now. So it's still obviously an intensely competitive environment, which it always has 
been, I mean, for many, many years to come. But there's nothing new or nothing disruptive that 
actually spoils the market. 
 
So also the reflection of the B2B growth being higher in Q2 is not necessarily only about our 
execution getting better, which it is partly, but it is also about the nature of tests that are generated 
in the quarter. 
 
So this quarter, we saw more specialty and more acute business in the market and less of routine, 
which is represented through lower B2C growth because of the lesser routine, but higher 
specialty growth and higher B2B growth. So some of it is just the product mix, which is specific 
to the quarter. But yes, our execution on B2B is also getting stronger as we go. Suren, if you 
want to take the question on the B2C contribution. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. Shyam, if you remember in the last year, through all these discussions, we have mentioned 
that we are just cutting off some of the low margin and difficult B2B corporate, government 
business, etcetera. That clean-up has actually done last year and then we are working on a very 
cleaner base. That's point number one. 
 
And point number two is, and after that, the institutional business has really become relatively 
much smaller. And hence, we are now calling the institutional business and B2B together. So 
the remaining changes in the percentage is only a mathematical rearrangement after that. 
Otherwise, on the base, nothing fundamentally changed. 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
And in quarter 2 also, specifically, I must tell you that we have got one good contract on clinical 
trial. That has helped us to get our B2B better than the normal run rate in quarter 2. So that was 
a one quarter specific project that we had. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. Helpful. Just the second question is on GST impact. I know there is some benefit that 
accrues to you from a sourcing perspective. So just want to understand, are you calling out the 
quantitative impact or I know maybe you have to pass it on. So just how in the second half it 
flows through to you? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: All right. So see, there are GST impact on 2 aspects. One is on the reagent and consumables and 
second one on the equipment when we purchase. Now coming to the reagent and consumables, 
we already had a part of the consumables and reagents at 5% GST only. And some of the 
consumables and reagents have moved from 12% to 5% GST. 
 
So not a very significant, what you call, benefit as such. But whatever benefit we will get, we 
want to pass it on to the customer one way or the other. And whatever GST benefit that we will 
get out of the equipment purchases, that will actually come on to the procurement efficiencies. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raman K.V. from Sequent Investments. 
Raman K.V.: 
Sir, during the quarter and during the first half, how much was the revenue from radiology 
segment? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Radiology segment is very, very small for us. We are early days on radiology segment in a very, 
very small very low-single-digit percentage if you ask me. 
Raman K.V.: 
Okay. Basically, it doesn't have a substantial contribution towards your entire consolidated. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: No. As of now, no. 
Raman K.V.: 
So with the TruHealth and Core Diagnostics, how are you planning to increase your radiology 
segmental revenue? Are there any plans? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: So Core Diagnostics, there is nothing on radiology. It's purely whatever we do. So let me give 
you some information. So we have about 35 centres across the country now fully equipped with 
all the basic radiology testing capabilities, which is the X-ray, ultrasound, 2D Echo and ECG, 
etcetera. That's 35 centres in about 5 cities now fully equipped and we will - start driving the 
radiology in these centres and also get the portfolios, including radiology in these 5 cities. So 
that is one opportunity for us to drive forward. 
 
And second thing is ECG capabilities now we have almost done across the country. So that will 
also start playing out. These are the 2 opportunities for at least for the rest of the year. These are 
the 2 levers that are available on the radiology segment, and we will start building this portfolio 
stronger going forward from here. 
Raman K.V.: 
Understood, sir. Sir, my second question is with respect to the clinical trial. Can you explain the 
business part of it? And how do you see the traction in that particular? Like how much is it 
contributing to your overall pathology volumes and revenue? 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, I think clinical trial is a very small percentage of the business. Only in the quarter 2, we 
got a contract, which we delivered in quarter 2. Basically, this is about working with the pharma 
companies and other alliances to do some turnkey projects. So it's not one of the things which 
we keep, all the time depending upon, but it's a relatively small part of the business. 
Raman K.V.: 
So what are the margins in this business? Better than the consolidated margins or it's less? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes, it's a little better than the company level margins. 
Raman K.V.: 
So are we planning to take this sort of turnkey clinical trial projects or is it like you're trying to 
be consolidated? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: We are one of the key players in this segment. The size of the market itself is not very big here. 
But we are a significant player in this market and there are some other small operators as well. 
So we really reach out to all the opportunities available and then we'll keep grabbing these kind 
of opportunities as and when it comes. 
Raman K.V.: 
Sir, my final question is with respect to the Core Diagnostics. So by the end of this year, in the 
call, you mentioned it will move towards the double-digit by the end of this year. So can we 
expect that by first half of FY '27, the Core Diagnostics margins to be in the similar level of 
Metropolis? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: No, no. So we said in the first half of the year, it's a single-digit number. We will come closer to 
a double-digit number by the time we exit this year. And full year basis, we will be still a very 
strong single-digit number. And we said in 3 years period, we will bring this into the current 
levels of Metropolis margins. It will take another 2, 2.5 years more to bring up to the Metropolis 
levels of margin. But the efforts are on, and we are in the right direction. 
Raman K.V.: 
Okay. Basically, you mean it will come to around 23%, 24% margin by FY '28, if I'm correct? 
Sameer Patel: 
Third year. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Third year, yes, third year of acquisition. 
Raman K.V.: 
And on the volume front, you had a strong revenue and volume growth in the first half. Are we 
planning to maintain our mid-double-digit volume growth for the entire year or are you 
expecting much better than that? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: At consolidated level, our volume growth will be in double-digit numbers, 10% to 11% for rest 
of the year as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankeet Pandya from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual Fund. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
So I have 2 questions. So firstly, like we have completed our major lab expansion last year. And 
this year, we are investing in collection centres. So from FY '27, FY '28 onwards, can we see 
some increase in the growth numbers from current 11%, 12% to around mid-teens kind of a 
growth over the next 1 to 2 years? 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, a little too early for me to give you a projection for the coming year. Give me another 
couple of quarters more to give you the right projection for the coming year. But the effort is 
always to bring the growth level to the next level as we go forward. 
Ankeet Pandya: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, on the GLP. I know, of course, it is too early to give any guidance or numbers. 
But have you seen any traction in terms of increase in test in obesity or weight management kind 
of a thing over the last 1, 2 quarters, given that there's one molecule that has already been 
launched. So has there been any increase in test in this space? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: At this point of time, not anything that's significantly visible in terms of the growth per se, but 
we are quite hopeful that this will help the diagnostic operators in the days to come. I mean, the 
full-fledged availability of this medicine and usages in India has still not happened. I think it 
may happen sooner than later as per our information. 
 
But then once they start using, then the diagnostic testings will happen to keep getting the reports 
in between when they take the medicine. So I mean, we are hopeful that this will help us in the 
coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan Patra from PhillipCapital India Private 
Limited. 
Surya Patra: 
My first question is on the Core Diagnostics integration. So whether the integration is fully 
complete by now? And the related question is that, since last 2 quarters that we are witnessing a 
strong double-digit growth on the revenue per patient. Anything because of the Core Diagnostics 
that this number is getting influenced positively? 
Ameera Shah: 
So I'll just add something and Suren you can add on to it. See, any time you do an acquisition, 
what we find is, like I mentioned in India, there are various kind of practices that different 
organizations follow. 
 
So what we have seen historically is that every time we do an acquisition, we have to actually 
spend the first many months to clean up some of the past practices that may not be cohesive 
going forward for Metropolis. And that usually dips the revenue of the acquired entity for the 
short term. 
 
So the revenue growth in the first 6 months of the year would have been impacted Core 
negatively for any business that we already stopped and that we are cleaning up. So as this gets 
cleaned up, it sets the foundation for a faster growth in the future. So we'll hopefully see that 
playing out. So that obviously will impact the overall MHL growth as well. 
 
The second part about your question about is the integration done? See, in services businesses, 
you're integrating largely people and cultures along with technology and processes. The 
technology and processes and infrastructure part is a little easier to do. The people and culture 
part obviously takes a little longer than 6 months. 
 
So that will continue to be a work in progress. While the policies and guidelines and ways of 
working have been integrated, but culture and some of those things will take a little longer to 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
get done. But we have already -- and maybe Avadhut and Suren can talk to this, we have already 
-- the replication in infrastructure has been already removed. 
 
So wherever we had duplicate infrastructure, that has been shut down, wherever we could get 
synergies from procurement, corporate cost, that has been done. But there are obviously some 
new costs that have come in like technology, audit, other things, which they may or may not 
have been doing in the same way as we are choosing to do today. Suren, Avadhut, if you want 
to add on anything? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: No, I think you mentioned that. So he asked the question of whether integration is complete or 
not. No, it is not. It's work in progress. I think we will take maybe a couple of more quarters to 
do the full integration completed. And yes, patient volume growth, there is definitely some 
impact of the Core Diagnostics volumes also helping us in terms of the overall patient volume 
growth for the company. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure, sir. Second point, a related aspect. See, because of the Core integration, so now possibly 
the service offering quality and capability would have obviously seen a kind of improvement. 
So because of that, whether we have seen any upgrade to our TruHealth portfolio or package? 
And also recently, what we have added the ECG to this thing, TruHealth, so whether these 2 
Core integration as well as ECG, whether that has created any uptick in the average realization 
for your TruHealth packages? 
Ameera Shah: 
Just to clarify, Core Healthcare, Core Diagnostics, we acquired because it is a genomics-based 
platform specific in oncology. So therefore, the customers that you're selling to are mostly 
oncologists as well as oncologists sitting inside hospitals, right? 
 
And now as we continue to expand our genomics portfolio to beyond oncology to neurology and 
obviously, to women and child, etcetera, which we are already doing, this will obviously add all 
of these other customers, but this will not impact your TruHealth profile because your TruHealth 
packages are largely more routine tests which are things where consumers are making decisions 
to come and sort of do a bundle of a check-up every year. 
 
There are some people who talk about using genomic tests for packages like this, which can give 
you a predictive or a preventive outlook. But just to clarify on that, those things are not still 
scientifically proven. So by doing it from a preventive basis, doing a genetic test for a preventive 
basis, the data does not exist for India today that allows you to make a good correct scientific 
decision on the back of that. So we do not offer genomic tests as part of a preventive profile at 
this point of time. 
 
So it will not affect the TruHealth packages. The TruHealth packages RPP is moving up because 
we are able to provide more test to the patient scientifically that is relevant for them and patients 
are willing to pay us a higher price for these packages for the brand premium, the quality of care 
and the accuracy that we bring to the table maybe compared to others. 
Surya Patra: 
Yes. My next question was about the AI benefit. So see, obviously, this is theoretical so far that, 
okay, AI initiatives are benefiting us. But have you seen any tangible benefit so far? Could you 
say otherwise that, okay, what is the kind of investment on the AI-related aspect or upgradations? 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
And what tangible benefit that you are either have started seeing or anticipating to see going 
ahead? And in what form that you will be seeing the true benefit here? 
Ameera Shah: 
See, just to talk on AI, I mean, AI has been talked about from 2 different types, right? One has 
been on productivity and efficiency where you are able to replace manual labour on the non-
medical side and be able to make your processes smarter and therefore, have more productive 
workforce, right? The second part is talking about using AI in the medical tests where you don't 
need doctors and all of that. So I want to separate these two. 
 
When you're talking about AI in non-medical, I think there are real use cases for it. There are 
organizations across industries who are using AI, let's say, for recruitment, for screening profiles, 
for talent onboarding, for billing, for all kinds of things, for accounting. And I think those are 
real life use cases which are across industries. I think those are very much doable and 
implementable to get a tangible benefit from. 
 
We are early in that journey, but there are a bunch of things that we are trying to implement that 
will hopefully get us there over the next year or so. And that obviously will be a continual 
journey work in progress. So we are investing resources and time in that area. 
 
The second part of AI, which is using AI for medical tests where you don't need doctors is a very 
hypothetical scenario. In our minds, AI is a tool to empower doctors to make better decisions, 
not a tool replacing doctors. And therefore, again, it's about productivity within the doctor space. 
 
Today, AI, you get these softwares or tools from the U.S. or Europe, which you cannot plug and 
play into the Indian ecosystem because you need Indian data sets that make these AI models 
relevant for the Indian patient, which at this point doesn't exist yet. And I think it's very much 
work in progress for the whole industry. It will take a few years for those to become relevant for 
the market here. 
 
From a medical standpoint, you are seeing AI used for large-scale screening. For example, TB 
diagnostics are being done using AI by the State of Maharashtra, where chest X-rays are being 
used using AI, etcetera. But this is not a confirmatory diagnosis. It's a very screening tool. So 
the precision is not there today to give a 100% accurate report from. I hope that answers your 
question. 
Surya Patra: 
Yes, yes, really ma'am. Just last one point with your permission. So now obviously, that you are 
seeing the sweating of assets after creating significant network expansion. But simultaneously, 
hence, in the process that you are talking about expanding the pick-up points of the collection 
centres. 
 
So is there any kind of a standard equation that you think you will go up to that level in terms of 
the collection centre addition looking at your network expansion? So whether any equation 
between like collection centre to lab or collection centre to kind of your patient service centre, 
such equation you have in mind? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, I think neither in the company nor in the industry, there is no such ratios that lab versus 
collection centre per se. But we are currently at about 20, 22 centres per lab that we have, if I 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
look at across the country. The first destination is we would like to take this to 30 centres per 
lab. So that may happen maybe in the next 12 to 18 months' time. That's the first destination. 
Then we will look at the lab profitability and lab profitability has to start getting better. So that's 
one aspect. 
 
And second aspect is most of the service centre addition that we are talking about is through the 
franchisee route. And very few of this will be happening through the own centres. Only in top 5 
or 6 cities we will be adding our own collection centre. Rest all will be happening through the 
franchisees. So not much of impact that will happen on the overall profitability of the company 
while we increase the collection centres. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aashita Jain from Nuvama. 
Aashita Jain: 
Just couple of questions. Firstly, on the organic growth of 12%, what percentage could be 
attributable to the price hikes that we took last year? And do we have any plans to take any price 
hikes in the coming year? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Okay. Well, I think roughly 2% of the growth must be attributed to the price hike. And we do 
not have any plans to increase the prices during this financial year for sure. 
Aashita Jain: 
Sure. And secondly, on the Core Diagnostics, we did mention that we are doing clean-up in the 
other acquisitions as well. But how should we see the revenues of the Core Diagnostics for this 
year? And how should we see Core Diagnostics as well as 3 the other acquisitions, these 
portfolios growing in the coming years? Would it grow faster than our standalone growth rate? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: I think Ameera clarified to you, I mean, in one of the earlier questions about the overall growth, 
like because we are just cleaning up the business. So we are not necessarily looking at the year 
1 so much about the revenue growth. We're just making sure the whole portfolio is very sound, 
clean and stronger. 
 
That's the year 1 focus. And year 2, of course, we will be taking the revenue growth in all these 
acquired entities. And definitely, it should further help the overall growth of the Group in the 
coming years. 
Aashita Jain: 
Understood. But can these grow faster than our organic growth? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, I think just give us a couple of more quarters to give you more specific answers to this. 
And I think we will do the estimation as we come closer to the end of this year. 
Aashita Jain: 
Sure, helpful. And just lastly, a book-keeping question. When I look at this quarter, below 
EBITDA line item, the depreciation has gone up, and the other income has gone down. So 
anything to read into this? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes, just a minute. 
Sameer Patel: 
Other income has gone down because last year we had a cash which we had utilized in the month 
of March to acquire Core. And that's why the investment income has come down, and that's the 
reason for the other income coming down. And depreciation, certainly, we have added assets 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
last year during the year, which has now has the annualized effect of the depreciation. So overall, 
that's where it's gone up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yogesh Soni from InCred Capital. 
Yogesh Soni: 
Most of the questions have been already answered. I wanted to understand one thing on the test 
volume front. If one has to understand on the industry volumes based on doctor consultation 
tests, routine monthly tests, which are being done by patient and emergency test, can you help 
me understand, I mean, how much each of these tests would have a contribution in the overall 
volume front? If not for Metropolis, then in general for the industry? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, not very handy with these numbers. So maybe we'll have to connect separately so at least 
we can give you the best answers. 
Yogesh Soni: 
Okay. And just to get a sense on the Core Diagnostics scale-up that you mentioned during the 
start of the call for FY '27. What kind of growth are we expecting for Core once the integration 
is completed and we realize the initial synergies in FY '26? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: I think that's exactly what I thought I have clarified in the earlier question as well. So by the end 
of this year, we will be able to start giving you the correct projections around each of the entity, 
how much they will grow. But I think I said, overall, this should help further increase the growth 
of the company. That's what we will be looking at. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranaya Jain from Banyan Tree Advisors Private Limited. 
Pranaya Jain: 
So I have 2 questions. Number one is, can you talk about the consolidation that is happening in 
the industry? In the last 1, 1.5 years, has the pace of consolidation increased? And can you throw 
some colour on it based on geographies, say, like is West consolidating faster than some of the 
other geographies? That is question one. 
 
And the second question is, can you throw some more light on the clinical trial business of 
yours? Like we wanted to understand who are your customers, what kind of projects are these 
and so on? Like some colour on clinical trial business will be very helpful. 
Ameera Shah: 
Sure. I'll start with the industry and what we're referring to as consolidation. See, in our industry, 
the biggest good and bad has been that the  sort of barrier to entry has been low and which is 
why you saw lots of small players, and we saw lots of new larger players enter. 
 
What people realize after spending 2, 3 years in the industry is that while the barrier to enter is 
low, the barrier to scale is not so low. It's actually hard. And the barrier to scale profitably is 
extremely high. 
 
So therefore, after a few years in the industry people who entered quickly, land at sometimes 
losing interest in the business because they feel that, okay, this is either going to take extremely 
long and it's not going to be so easy to actually make money from it. So therefore, then people 
slow down their aggression in the market and some of them shut down and some of them just 
continue to stay there, but they don't stay very aggressive and active. 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
 
Now at the same time, what's happening in the last 5 years, you've seen 3 changes. One, you've 
seen great technology adoption in healthcare because of which it naturally leads to the more 
organized players doing better because they have more capability and capital for technology. 
 
The second, you've seen consumers beginning to choose brands because about 2,000 players 
became more brand visible during COVID because these were the ones doing COVID testing 
versus the 300,000 players in India. And therefore, you are seeing that now consumers are 
preferring brands even in healthcare and in diagnostics. 
 
And that makes it harder for the small single lab owners who are non-branded and don't have 
chains. So I think a combination of these trends is leading to the organized sector growing a little 
faster and the small independent labs actually struggling to make sort of end's need. 
 
Now even in the independent labs, there are 2 varieties. You have the technician labs, and you 
have the pathologist run labs. The pathologist run labs, which tend to be of better quality are still 
doing fine, are able to survive. The challenge they are having is more in a succession plan 
because often their kids don't want to pick up medicine or pathology and therefore some of them 
land up shutting their labs when they get older. 
 
The technician labs, which are the very subscale labs, which don't really have a moat, or they 
don't really have a differentiator are the ones who are really struggling and are actually shutting 
down. 
 
Now the data third-party data around this doesn't really exist in the industry. So whatever we 
can share is more from a pulse of the industry and our observation. So we don't really have data 
to tell you is it specifically adding in more markets. But I do believe that the more markets which 
are more educated and aware, which is more West and South, will certainly see probably more 
consolidation in my mind than markets of North and East where education is lower and therefore 
the focus on quality is lower. 
 
And also markets where there is little access, like UP, Bihar and other markets, you may still see 
mushrooming of labs versus in the bigger cities it's harder to survive financially because of now 
higher competition and compliances, and therefore, probably the smaller labs will have a harder 
time. So I hope that gives you enough insight into that area. 
Pranaya Jain: 
Yes, that was very helpful. Can you throw some light on my second question as well. 
Ameera Shah: 
Clinical trial, yes. The clinical trial piece is where we really work with pharmaceutical 
companies. And pharmaceutical companies when they want to introduce a drug into India, either 
a drug that exists or a new one, they need to do clinical trial studies before exposing it to humans 
and selling it commercially. That's Phase I to IV. We usually participate in 2, 3 and 4. 
 
We work with these companies where we do all the testing for their clinical trials. They like to 
partner with companies who have the ability to pick up samples from all across sites in India, 
have the ability to maintain the high quality that they need, to keep all the documentation and 
the audit trails that are required for them to get approval from Indian FDA or U.S. FDA. 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
So this business tends to be more structured and more difficult to enter compared to sort of the 
normal lab business. And that's why there are very few of us in the market who are able to do 
what we do. And I think I could be wrong, but I think that we are probably the largest player 
from testing in clinical trials or the number 2, if Avdhut or Suren want to add anything on that. 
It's not a very large market, but the market is a fairly profitable market and one that we've 
established a brand in. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes. I think that's what on the clinical trial, the larger customers of pharmaceutical companies 
and healthcare research institutes to the  specific question that you asked. 
Pranaya Jain: 
This will be only for domestic testing, right? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Not necessarily. 
Ameera Shah: 
This will be MNC pharma as well as Indian pharma companies, both. And it will also be sort of 
CROs who are operating globally or in India who would be our customers. 
Pranaya Jain: 
Any colour on how big this business is for us? 
Ameera Shah: 
We don't have that separate segmentation actually at this point. So like I said, it's not a very large 
market, but it's a market that's growing. And every year is different because it depends on how 
fast approvals come in for drugs. So some years, it's low, some years, it's high. So while we put 
an effort into it, it's not a business that we expect to become extremely large. 
Pranaya Jain: 
Understood. And it won't be ROE dilutive, right? 
Ameera Shah: 
Not at all. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset Management. 
Aditya Chheda: 
So my question is on the centre expansion. Notably, over the last 3 years, the expansion in owned 
service network/centres has been faster, almost doubled versus the franchisee growth. So is it a 
function of the North market where we need to open more owned centres or if you can explain 
about the dynamics of the same? 
 
And since you classified rural separately, would those be a mix of franchisee and owned? And 
the last question is your -- if you can quantify the lab network and centre network expansion in 
number that you would be doing for FY '26? Yes, these are the questions. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Well, I think the number, let's say, 2 years back, the own network numbers were relatively lower. 
That's why last 2, 3 years, you find more number of owned centres coming up. And then most 
of the labs also come along with the owned centre. So we have added more than 100 labs in the 
last 3 years. So with every new lab addition, one more centre also get added. So that's how in all 
the key cities, you will find the own network has really gone up. 
 
And the franchisee network is otherwise largely the way that we will grow the collection centres 
in the days to come. And in the rural areas, definitely, there is no owned centres. I mentioned it 
earlier; only top 5 cities or 6 cities will have our owned centres. Rest all will be the franchisee 

 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
centres. And like I said, for the rest of the year, we are estimating another 300 more centres to 
come up. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, this was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ameera Shah: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for joining us today for the Q2 call. We remain very excited and 
optimistic about the trajectory for our growth. This has been a big year for us with organic 
growth doing well, but plus doing these 3 or 4 acquisitions that we have done in the first half of 
this year. 
 
It's a lot to digest, but we are happy to say that we are on track, and the team continues to plug 
away and deliver the results on the acquisition front as well as on the organic front. We believe 
the second half of the year to continue to be quite stable. And we'll continue to focus our energies 
on really boosting productivity, boosting and accelerating organic growth in the next 6 to 9 
months. 
 
And obviously, by March, April, when we come back to you after Q4, we will be very happy to 
share our thoughts and plans for the next year and which direction that we believe we'll go in. 
But we believe we are in a very positive time at Metropolis and very excited about this year and 
the years to come. 
 
So look forward to chatting with you guys more at the end of Q3. Q3 is obviously not always 
the best quarter in the year. It's usually the lowest because of festivals. And however, we continue 
to put our best efforts to do the maximum that we can. Thanks, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, ma'am. On behalf of Metropolis Healthcare Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
