November 04, 2025 
CS&G/STX/DQ2025/18 
1) National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai – 400 051
Scrip Symbol: KFINTECH
2) BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai – 400 001
Scrip Code: 543720
Sub. 
: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
Ref. 
: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“LODR Regulations”) 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Further to our previous intimation bearing reference no. CS&G/STX/DQ2025/09 dated October 17, 
2025, pursuant to Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the LODR Regulations, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on October 28, 2025, in 
respect of the standalone and consolidated unaudited financial results of the Company for the quarter 
and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
The transcript can also be accessed on the Company’s website at the following link: 
https://investor.kfintech.com/financials/ 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For KFin Technologies Limited 
Alpana Kundu 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: F10191 
Encl.: a/a 
ALPANA 
UTTAM KUNDU
Digitally signed by 
ALPANA UTTAM KUNDU 
Date: 2025.11.04 
17:19:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
  
“KFin Technologies Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SREEKANTH NADELLA – MD AND CEO 
 
MR. VIVEK MATHUR – CFO 
 
MR. AMIT MURARKA – CFO, INTERNATIONAL 
BUSINESS AND HEAD IR 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEVESH AGARWAL – IIFL CAPITAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to KFintech Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by IIFL Capital Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Capital Services Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Thank you, Iqra. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call of KFin 
Technologies Limited. Today from the company, we have with us Sreekanth Nadella, MD and 
CEO; Vivek Mathur, CFO; and Amit Murarka, the CFO of International Business and Head of 
Investor Relations. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Sreekanth for his opening remarks, which will be 
followed by a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, Sreekanth. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Thank you so very much, Devesh. A very good morning, and a very warm welcome to one and 
all. Happy Diwali and a wonderful festive season that has just gone by and then ahead of 
ourselves. 
 
As the festival season typically augurs good news for most Indians, it has been no different for 
KFintech. We have completed Q2 yet another successful quarter, marked by a fairly well-
rounded performance across various aspects of our business, client acquisition, revenue 
generation, cost optimization through margin expansion, new client logos, expansion into newer 
businesses, launch of new products and acquisitions, so to speak. So it's been a fairly busy 
quarter for us. 
 
We have seen amidst fairly volatile markets, we have delivered results, which we believe we are 
reasonably satisfied with. As always, there is always room for improvement, and that's what we 
continue to learn. We continue to be the country's largest registrar and transfer agent by a mile 
in terms of number of clients in mutual funds, total market share in issuer solutions, number of 
clients in alternate investment funds, fastest-growing CRA in national pension system and the 
only registrar who is globally present. 
 
And to augment and to add wings to our vision, which I continue to believe is for KFintech to 
be the first large global fund administrator coming out of India. We have completed the 
acquisition of Ascent Fund Services, headquartered in Singapore, into this month. And that 
marks a very important milestone for us. 
 
As you have all seen, these have all been fairly focused and purposefully orchestrated buy versus 
build strategies that we've been adopting for a fair period of time, whether it is acquisition of 
Hexagram because we needed fund accounting capabilities, acquisition of Webile, largely for 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
mobility capabilities, but leveraging in-house capabilities for what we believe is core to us, 
which is data. 
 
We built our own big data platforms, cloud capabilities, so on and so forth. And internationally, 
whilst we drive our organic growth in the form of public market funds, we believed that for the 
private market funds, it was always a better strategy to acquire an entity outside of India, and 
that marks the closure of that first step towards the direction in terms of acquisition of Fund 
Services. 
 
Overall, we have expanded our footprint in mutual funds in India as well. We have signed up 
with Lakshya Mutual Fund. There have been some concerns that some of you have expressed in 
terms of a little bit of tapering off of new client logos. You'd be happy to hear that we have won 
4 out of 4 last mutual fund mandates that have launched in India in addition to transitioning one.  
 
And that, of course, will only be a medium to long-term revenue accreting topic as I continue to 
believe that a new launch -- a new mutual fund will only add revenue maybe 3 years from the 
day of signing up, 3 to 4 years, and all depending upon how they perform. So it is critically 
important that we stay focused in terms of helping our current clients to grow faster through 
technological innovation, through partner, producting and platforming, so on and so forth. 
 
We have launched IGNITE, as you all know, into the previous quarter. It has found its way into 
every nook and corner of the country, every distributor, every partner. Just yesterday, we had a 
wonderful event in Bangalore with Moneycontrol, where we have, again, worked with a whole 
lot of distributors. We launched IRIS as a product on the platform, entirely creating a new 
ecosystem for partners for financial intermediaries.  
 
Think of it like an UrbanClap for various skilled workers. So this is going to be a similar search 
platform for financial intermediaries who would be able to enhance their livelihood by way of 
selling multiple asset classes, and it will also help every single citizen of India because you now 
have a single individual who can solve for nearly every financial needs one person may have, 
whether it is fixed deposits, mutual funds, pensions, loans, credit cards, what have you, right? 
 
So that's mutual funds in terms of -- in addition to new client logo additions. We continue to 
outpace industry in terms of the AUM. We have marginally been better off than the overall 
industry. Of course, one area that we are watchful about is on the equity growth. Needless to 
say, I think some of the larger asset management companies serviced by our friends in Chennai 
have been growing much faster on the equity, given they have a much larger base, it's 
understandable. 
 
But that said, what I take heart is in the fact that it's a secular growth at our end in terms of every 
AMC growing much, much faster. And that's resulted, as you could see, in the overall yield 
actually getting better in comparison to Q1. So I guess that's the difference between -- and mass, 
all AMCs growing together versus few large growing at any one point in time. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 
Our SIP book continues to hold well, closing -- closer to 40%, and I continue to believe any 
long-term projections should be tethered to where the SIP is today. If we are 40%, there is no 
doubt in my mind there would come a time into the history of KFintech where we will reach the 
overall market share to closer to that number, as SIP will be the determining factor in terms of 
the overall AUM over a long period of time. 
 
Issuer Solutions, we have added nearly 500-odd clients. Every quarter, we are adding that kind 
of a number. We're extremely focused now, not just in Main Board IPOs, but also in SME IPOs, 
unlisted companies, et cetera. We are building this for medium to long term, even though in the 
near term, this may not be massively revenue generating, although SMEs and unlisted. 
 
But we are looking at a medium to long-term horizon, and I believe that will add a significant 
amount of more to our organization, something that also is slightly away from the mark-to-
market vagaries that our industry deals with. 
 
We have launched country's largest IPO, LG, successfully so. And every week, we have at least 
3-odd IPOs happening from now till end of December, which augurs well for this year, of course. 
But more importantly, into the coming year, as we all know, these are all annuity revenue 
contracts. Also happy to inform you that we have transitioned a very large mandate in the form 
of BPCL, which is large in terms of the corporate registry business, and then we have several in 
the pipeline in terms of transitions. 
 
In the International and Other Solutions, we have added several new logos and several clients 
here to go live. Overall, business continues to be well. Of course, the AUM growth is probably 
not as large as one would have expected at least in relation to India. And given our contracts 
have minimum billing subject to them reaching a particular AUM and as the AMCs grow beyond 
the threshold is when we'll grow faster. At this point in time, our growth is nearly entirely hinged 
on new client addition, which is adding more revenue. We have several large international deals 
in the pipeline. Some of them we were hoping to have concluded in the previous quarter. But 
there is always a timing difference with large deals, with the festive season, so on and so forth. 
But into this coming quarter, we are looking at some large deals to be signed. 
 
Central Recordkeeping Agency, National Pension System is a very, very interesting piece of 
work. Again, on a medium to long- term basis, I believe it's a very important line of business in 
terms of the margin that it can contribute as well as the revenue it can grow. There have been 
for a change tailwinds in the form of regulatory changes for pensions, which will augment our 
revenue, where the regulator has permitted basis points driven charging on AUM, much like that 
of our mutual funds as against a fixed fee per prime, which was the situation back in the day. 
 
We continue to grow at 3x the pace of the industry, and we have crossed a double-digit number. 
We are 10.3% in the overall industry, participating nearly entirely only on private markets. So 
that clearly explains to you in terms of our market share in the private sector is at least 4x that 
of the overall industry. And this is an area we will continue to invest our time, effort and money 
as India will continue to become a large functionable society. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
 
AIF, we crossed INR1.8 trillion. I think we will cross INR2 trillion by the next time I speak 
easily. Again, a fledgling asset class and something that we have found our way from probably 
nearly nothing at all in terms of our overall book of business to manage close to 40% of the 
overall industry and one that we are confident we will get close to 50% into the next 12 to 18 
months. 
And GIFT city, our numbers are much higher, of course, close to 60% combined with Ascent, 
that gets to about nearly 3/4 of all funds are being managed by the combined entity of KFin and 
Ascent, and a number that we would like to keep at that number, and then probably even scaling 
it up as we progress in terms of our ability to serve multiple service -- multiple other clients. 
 
Overall, the revenue numbers, you have seen, nothing for me to elaborate. We believe if not for 
certain M&A-driven costs and certain onetime costs, our margin performance would have been 
better than what you could see, which clearly augurs well in terms of how we believe that the 
core growth and its contributing in terms of the productivity driven, and a very scientifically 
administered productivity-driven gains in terms of margin expansion is sustainable, 
notwithstanding the one-off expenditure that we have had into the previous quarter also. 
 
We have continuing to be invested in our tech solution, as I always believe that managing a 
business like this, which has a very strong dependency on how the markets perform and how our 
clients perform, both of which may not necessarily be entirely in our hands, we have to do and 
orchestrate things that are controllable in our own hands. And part of that was value-added 
solutions in the form of tech-driven revenue. And we have continued to expand our big data 
solutions to the industry, both for our clients as well as for several other industries. 
 
And we have won another one large data contract into the previous quarter, and then we had 
several that we are talking about at this moment in time, and hopefully, we will fructify in real 
quick time. But overall, value-added solutions as a business continues to expand about 40-odd 
percent year-on-year. And we believe that it can grow faster than that into the coming years as 
well. 
 
We have signed some very interesting contracts in the international space, some with trustees, 
some not with asset management companies, which gives us a foray into incidental and ancillary 
industries, but nearly, entirely depending in terms of fund servicing aspects of it and in the details 
as to how that is progressing. 
 
We continue to expand on the wealth as well. We have signed expansion of current platforms 
with some newer clients. And having successfully gone live with many our clients, and the 
platform has proven its merit and worked. And we have now customized it to fully -- to be 
globally ready in terms of being a multicurrency, multi-geography and multi-asset. And we are 
currently in talks with some of the clients in Singapore and in Philippines. 
 
And given it operates in a slightly nonregulated space and scope for expansion being far higher, 
I'm hoping that into the coming few quarters, we'll have more to talk about, the wealth space. 
Again, probably one of the newer sector that we've been in, but one of the things that I believe 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
is probably the most promising in terms of the growth potential in addition to the international 
market, so to speak. 
 
So the overall AUMs, I think, in a very tepid quarter. The net flows continue to be holding up, 
and the SIP book continues to be resilient and strong. And with markets turning the corner, 
which I think is probably happening around now and with good earnings season, I'd like to 
believe that we have better days ahead in terms of certain mark-to-market gains in addition to 
net flows continuing to expand. And hopefully, that will go better in terms of the margins and 
top line as well. 
 
And given we have much of our alternate investment funds are also in Cat III model, our mark-
to-market gains in AIF also will be advantageous to us. Clearly, all the Cat III funds are nearly 
public market invested. And hence, I'm expecting an AUM expansion and hence, the revenue 
expansion based on that into the coming quarters as well. 
 
We have seen a slight degrowth in the number of folios in Issuer Solutions into the past quarter. 
Now in spite and despite of that, we have grown quarter-on-quarter sequentially and year-on-
year much higher than, I guess, into the previous year. And that's largely a symptom of new 
client additions and transitions. Now again, with the markets turning the corner, I expect retail 
investors to come back. 
 
As that happens, it will have the dual advantage of annuity-driven growth because of several 
new logo additions and more IPOs coming every single week. We are doing -- we're going to be 
doing about 2 to 3 IPOs every single week from here till pretty much end of December. And 
with the net new folio addition, that also should add well into the Issuer Solutions. 
 
And again, better earnings by corporate India translates to better corporate actions, which 
hopefully will mean that into the Q3 and Q4, we'll be better positioned in terms of corporate 
action-driven revenue that will come in Issuer Solutions business. 
 
So that's broadly my key update. Ascent, I'll just take a minute, and then I'll turn it over to Vivek. 
It's been in works for a fair period of time. And given their presence in about 18 geographies 
and moderated and regulated by about 7 different regulators, it was a bit of a task. We were 
hoping to conclude it in the previous quarter, but that's all right. We've done it into this. And 
hence, we will be able to consolidate our books into the coming quarter. 
 
We have had a very, very engaging workshop with acquisition in Malaysia. In the previous 
quarter, several of KFin leaders, and Ascent leaders together chalked out a strategy in terms of 
top line expansion, looking at areas in terms of cost optimization, whether it is a consolidation 
of real estate, consolidation of tech assets, consolidation of human assets, so on and so forth. 
 
With a view for margin expansion and a more concerted delivery mechanism that together we 
orchestrate. And we have a very well-defined plan in terms of how to make this 1 plus 1 
acquisition, not 2, but then double-digit acquisition in terms of leveraging the synergies that both 
the entities have against each other. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
 
So into the coming quarters, obviously, the consolidation will happen, both the financials as well 
as the rest of the work. Very, very pleased with the quality of talent we have with that 
organization. There is a lot that my teams will learn on private mandate space. There's a lot that 
Ascent teams would learn in terms of our technology capabilities and how we can scale up 
globally now that we are present in about 18-plus countries. We have a few more that we will 
be starting into the coming year, if not into the coming quarters. 
 
Lastly, I think in the overall international space, large mandate translation has been a topic of 
discussion. Whilst we have signed with ARIM last year, which you all know is a reasonably 
large deal. We have 3 to 4 such deals in the making at this moment in time. 
 
In fact, we are taking pensions on the back of our National Pension System platform, which is 
called Suprema, to parts of Philippines and into parts of Asia, where we are seeing reasonable 
impetus in terms of the local governments pushing for very highly pensionable societies in that 
part of the world. So hopefully, in time, there will be some good news that we will be able to 
announce it as well. 
 
So that's broadly the key highlights. And just one last thing in terms of the FinEx as a program, 
which is our replatforming of our core business. It's progressed quite swiftly into the previous 
quarter, and we have now launched or rather have gone live 2 out of the 16 modules of FinEx, 
which is what is going to give us the confidence -- which has given us confidence in terms of 
our capability to completely replatform our 40-year-old tech platform on which nearly 50% of 
retail investors and about close to INR30-plus trillion of AUM is being managed. It's not an easy 
task. 
 
And we believe that from here on, it will accelerate. And that should give us the -- hopefully, 
the next levers in terms of better client servicing, faster go-to-market strategies, significant 
growth for our clients in the form of our capabilities to deliver faster digital solutions and 
hopefully some amount of productivity-driven margin expansion as well. 
 
So that's broadly me. I'm going to turn it over to Vivek, and I'll come back for questions later. 
Thank you. Vivek? 
Vivek Mathur: 
Thank you, Sreekanth. Good morning, everyone. About the financial results for the half year 
ended September 2025. For the Q2, our revenue was INR309 crores, which was 10.3% higher 
year-on-year for the same quarter and sequentially 12.8% higher. For the half year, it was 12.6% 
year higher as compared to last year half year. If you look at the breakup of the revenue growth 
on a year-on-year for the same quarter, the domestic mutual fund business grew by 10.2%, 
International and Other Investor Solutions grew by 7.1%. But if we look at the core business, 
excluding the GBS business, the growth was 26.1%. Within that, the Global Fund Solutions 
growth was 14%. The pension business grew by 21%. The AIF, PMS, PWM business grew by 
28%. Hexagram grew by almost 54%. 
 
Webile grew by 18%. GBS degrew by 70%. And if you look at half year, the growth in domestic 
mutual fund business revenue was 13.5%. And if you look at International and Other Investor 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Solutions, it was about 3.8%. But if you exclude GBS, the growth was 27.5%, which is the 
growth in the core businesses. Within that, the Global Fund Solutions business grew by 12.7%. 
The NPS business grew by 26%. The AIF business grew by 29%. Hexagram grew by 87%, 
Webile about 8%, and GBS was negative by 77%. 
 
Issuer Solutions business grew for the same quarter this year versus last year by 13.4%. And in 
terms of half year, it grew by 18%. So overall, the growth has been decent in terms of whether 
it is sequential growth or same quarter last year versus this year and half year. And from the 
overall perspective, the sales pipeline is promising, and we hope that we will continue to gain 
traction in terms of growth in revenue in times to come. 
 
And if you look at the EBITDA, EBITDA grew by 7.2% year-on-year for the same quarter. 
Sequentially, it grew by 19.2%. And for the half year, it grew by 10.3%. The EBITDA margin 
at the end of Q2 -- for Q2 was 43.9% and for the half year, was 42.8%. If we look at PAT 
margins, PAT margin continued to be 30.2%. There was a growth of 4.5% year-on-year for the 
same quarter. 
 
And sequentially also, it grew by 20.8%. For the half year, it went up by 8.4%. And for the half 
year, the PAT margin was 29.2%. So there were some one-off expenses, as Sreekanth mentioned, 
but I think we are range bound in terms of our guidance on EBITDA and PAT, and we are 
confident that we'll be able to maintain that guidance once even asset integration takes place in 
the next quarter. 
 
So the diluted EPS went up to INR5.38 and for half year, to INR9.83. Cash and cash equivalents 
at the end of September was INR690.8 crores. We have paid dividend of INR129 crores post 
this quarter and also invested in Ascent, INR308 crores. So as on date, we have cash and cash 
equivalents of INR413 crores, which is still very healthy in terms of our ability to invest for 
future as well as to continue to maintain a healthy working capital. 
 
Happy to take questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Karthik Chellappa from Indus 
Capital Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Karthik Chellappa: 
I have two questions. The first one is on Issuer Solutions. If we were to look at this quarter's 
performance, we have seen a decent amount of margin compression in the Issuer Solutions 
segment. While I note that the base quarter margins were probably elevated and so not the right 
base, but nevertheless, we have seen some compression. So could you just give us some color 
on what led to those margin compression? And what is a sustainable level of margins going 
forward for the Issuer Solutions segment? That's my first question. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Thank you, Karthik. So there are two distinct reasons for that, and which is transitory and 
something that is not going to be repeated for a sustainable period of time. One is, since there 
have been so many new IPOs that we have handled in the recent past. Our labor costs are 
basically semi-linear, which means that up to a particular new client acquisition and addition, 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
our current manpower is adequate to take on, right? And hence, there is no additional cost 
associated with that. 
 
But once the number crosses a particular threshold, there is as much that can be leveraged out 
of existing staff, and then we'll have to add certain numbers. And that certain numbers will then 
continue to give us a certain amount of semi-linearity for a fair period of time without having to 
add new clients just because we are handling new clients or new IPOs or new transitions. 
 
So there is a onetime slight reset of costs, which spread across the newer mandates that we are 
winning will mean that the cost per mandate will come down and hence, the overall cost vis-a-
vis the revenue that we're going to accrue will come down and hence, the margins will come 
back to a better clip. 
 
Two, we have been in the context of significant push by the regulators in terms of unclaimed 
amounts to be given back to the industry because in the securities market, we have several 
physical shares dating back to 1970s and '80s and '90s and people who can't be traced to. And 
that basically has resulted in several new claims that have come stating that, look, these shares 
belong to me, so on and so forth. 
 
And back in the day, they were probably worth a few hundred, but now they are worth several 
tens of crores of rupees. And conscious of the risk that is associated with this in terms of frauds 
and what have you, we have incurred certain professional charges, which is probably a onetime 
activity and may continue for another quarter or so in terms of vetting the transactions that we're 
clearing. And once that is done, we'll go back to normalcy. 
 
So those 2 have had a transitory margin impact on Issuer Solutions. Our ongoing margins, I'd 
like to believe would be similar to what we've had in the past with the exception of maybe 2 to 
3 quarters. 
Karthik Chellappa: 
Excellent. My second question is on the mutual fund RTA business. You did allude to in your 
opening remarks that the yields have kind of stabilized or so. So can we take it that going 
forward, at least for the rest of the year, the yields should settle down at current levels, which 
means on a sequential basis, the AUM growth and the revenue growth in the segment should 
more or less start to mimic each other. Is that a fair inference that we can draw from your 
comments? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
I would say, yes, with the exception of minor movements, and that can be plus or minus, Karthik, 
okay, because of telescopic pricing, right? I mean, for example, any one of the client has moved 
into the next year and the additional AUM coming from that is going to be slightly lower, that 
may have a slightly negative bias. 
 
And as I've always explained, yield is not just discount driven. Yield is driven by which AMC 
is growing. Yield is driven by the asset mix. Yield is also driven by the pricing. So it is not only 
pricing, and it is strongly possible that there can even be a positive uptick. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
 
For example, if all my mid-tier AMCs grow much faster than my larger AMCs, technically, we 
may even see a positive surprise. So it's going to be hard to predict, but I would believe that it 
would be stabilized around the current number, plus or minus a very small standard deviation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet from Kotak Mahindra Asset Management. 
Abhijeet: 
My first question was on the KRA business. Sometime back, you mentioned about getting into 
this line of business as well. So I was just trying to understand what would be the broad strategy? 
How would you want to scale this up? How would you differentiate yourself? Any broad 
thoughts and some specific pointers in terms of strategy would be helpful. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Thank you, Abhijeet. So we have -- whilst we have launched our product into the previous 
quarter, the go-live actually happened this quarter. I did not anticipate, but there were delays in 
terms of integration that is required with all other KRAs, which basically pushed the live 
operations into this quarter -- into this month, in fact. And so basically, it's an interoperable 
solution, as we all know in the KRA. 
 
We -- our strategy -- one of the reasons why we've gotten into KRA business is that we anticipate 
at some point in time, a unified KYC for all financial services, right, that cutting across 
insurance, banking, mutual funds, all kind of asset classes. And in the wake of it, it is possible 
that there could be a very large addressable market, and that is something that we were not 
willing or wanted to move away. And more importantly, there is a significant amount of value-
added solutions we can add to our current clientele, notwithstanding the fact that we also have 
relevance for such solutions in all my international business broadly. So that was the reason why 
we got into the KRA business. 
 
We are differentiated by our technology. We are the only KRA who has complete API-driven 
architecture. Tech solutions are differentiated in terms of how strong, resilient and quick in terms 
of turning around a KYC. We can complete a KYC, and close it within 3 minutes to 4 minutes, 
much, much faster than the rest of the industry. And we have integrated fully with the industry 
platforms such as MFU and with -- most of our clients have started leveraging our KRA who 
were otherwise using the third-party KRA, so to speak. 
 
So we believe that -- and this is Phase 1, by the way, Abhijeet, which is basically provide like-
to-like solutions, backed with superior technology and far better pricing strategy given our frugal 
engineering capabilities. But our Phase 2, is in works and something that should go live soon, is 
going to bring in concepts of tokenization to the industry. 
 
I'm very, very personally invested to, I guess, transform this business. Today, if you see, you get 
our insurance policy, you need a KYC. You need to open a bank account, you go for a loan, you 
get a mutual funds, you get something else. 
 
Now the same person gets KYC done 4, 5, 6, 7 different times. And with minor modifications, 
everybody ends up spending money. So there is a significant amount of industry cost on a topic, 
which is technically not value adding to anybody. Now it is a very important element in terms 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
of regulation, no doubt about it. But it doesn't add any value. It doesn't make anybody rich, when 
simply put, right? Probably it only makes a reach to the intermediaries to that extent. 
 
So the tokenization concept basically summarily disintermediates some of that. I would speak 
more about it when we are closer to launch, but that's something that's probably a global-first 
impact. As we will be leveraging probably the most often used words but rarely deployed items 
that is the blockchain technology on a complete tokenized solution for the KRA business. 
 
So simply put, our go-to-market strategy has started. We have onboarded some of our clients. 
We have started onboarding several fintech distributors because in today's world, much of the 
net new investor addition to the industry comes from these large tech platforms and distributors 
and brokers. We've integrated with them. We integrated with the industry body. 
 
And we are, in fact, working now with the rest of the world, for example, with the regulators in 
Malaysia and so on and so forth because they do not have such concepts of interoperability, what 
have you. And we want to take what we have done, that's here to the rest of the world. One, it 
will benefit the local ecosystem. It obviously is also a good opportunity for us to drive our 
financial growth there. 
Abhijeet: 
And then just one more, again, a slightly broader question. It's been a phenomenal turnaround 
when we look back at the journey over the last 5 years. And in that context, it would be useful 
to get some perspectives on your own thought process or thoughts on continuing to lead the 
organization over the next many more years. Any thoughts there would be super helpful. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Interesting question. I mean this is -- as I said, my vision was obviously duly blessed by our 
promoters and our shareholders, and the Board had been to create a large global fund 
administrator from India. We have just started that journey. We are nowhere near where we can 
get to. It's a $50 billion industry. And our contribution to that, as you know, is basically marginal 
or negligible at this point in time. So we are traversing that journey. And I hope to continue to 
have that opportunity to be able to position KFin into that orbit. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrenik Mehta from IndoAlps Wealth. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
My question is about the international operations. So with the now Ascent coming into the 
picture, how do you see this business over the next few years? Do you see really that 
international business could overtake the domestic operations in the next few years? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
So let's do the math. I mean, international business today, I mean, should be equated, I guess, 
with mutual fund business plus AIF, right? And that is what my international business is also 
going to be. If you add up India mutual funds and AIF business and equate that with KFin's own 
organic international business with that of Ascent's numbers, right? I mean I don't see a scenario 
where the international business will overtake domestic in the next 2 to 3 years. I think that gap 
is too large and too wide. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
 
India's mutual fund business itself is growing at a very fast rate. We continue to expand at 15% 
to 20%, which is not a small number at all on a base. And given we have a very large amount of 
financial inclusion to be driven. So I expect there is a fair amount of growth still left behind here.  
 
Now our international, however, definitely no doubt is growing faster than domestic, right? I 
think we're growing at about 30% plus, so is Ascent. Domestic mutual funds growing between 
mid-teens to late teens will mean -- and if these continue to grow exactly around the same pace, 
there will be a point of convergence. 
 
Now we have done Ascent acquisition, again, I know, to repeat, not just to add simple 1 plus 1 
equals to 2, but then see if we can get to a double digit in terms of the value that we can drive 
through cross-sell, upsell and leveraging each other's capabilities. There is no doubt in my mind 
that international will be bigger than the domestic. 
 
It's just logical, isn't it? I mean the rest of the world has to be bigger than India, which it truly is. 
We have close to $200 trillion worth of funds elsewhere in the world. And how much of that can 
you win is just a matter of our execution capabilities. 
 
And over time, as you've seen, we continue to -- what used to be a vision and discussion probably 
2, 2.5 years back when we started having these calls, today, much of that has been fructified. 
And I believe that it won't happen in the next 2 to 3 years, but I would be surprised if it won't 
happen in 5-year horizon around that. 
 
Because keep in mind that the domestic funds will continue to expand at 15- odd percent year-
on-year. That means that we -- on a very high base, mutual funds in India itself will be a much 
larger revenue. To beat that number, international has to grow much, much faster, and that is 
what we are hoping to get to. 
 
Today, for example, total share of mutual funding -- total share of mutual funds versus the rest 
of KFin businesses has dropped to 62% this quarter. Now next quarter, we will be consolidating 
Ascent’s numbers. Once you consolidate that number, mutual funds will come down below 55% 
right? And with the businesses growing faster, we are obviously already looking at less than 
50% contribution of mutual funds versus everything else. So that will continue to play out in the 
coming years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K Securities. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Three questions from my side. First, on the mutual fund 
segment. So I just wanted to understand that of the revenues you have reported in this segment, 
what is the proportion of value-added services in that? Because you have given a number of 
9.3% of total revenue, which is around INR28 crores, INR30 crores. 
 
So out of that, how much pertains to mutual fund, if you can give so that we have like a better 
clarity in terms of how the AUM-based yields developed over the quarter? Because last quarter, 
there was a squeeze. So some color on that would be helpful, whether it is stabilizing at that 
level and how much is the value- added services component? That is the first question. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
 
Second is in terms of the folios in the Issuer Solution. So that number has been stagnating over 
the last, I think, a couple of quarters despite -- I think you have done like around 24-odd IPOs 
in 1H. So I just wanted to understand, I mean, are like -- a part of the IPOs this quarter, which 
you have done, those folios are going to get added next quarter? 
 
Or is there slippages happening from our existing pool? Because I can understand that the 
number of folios going down maybe in 1Q or the prior periods because markets were not doing 
well. But now that there is market has started to recover to an extent, I'm not able to triangulate 
why this number is remaining stagnant. So some color on that would be useful. 
 
Thirdly, on Ascent, the AUM growth from what you have reported at the end of last quarter and 
what you have reported this quarter, I mean, the growth looks maybe slightly lower than what it 
used to be over 2, 3 quarters prior. And also the cost structure seems to be continuing to look 
heavy. So some color on these two would also be helpful. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
I will request Vivek or Amit to answer first and the third. I will just quickly answer the folio bit, 
which I have briefly done. Obviously, we are looking at Q2 numbers when the markets were 
definitely volatile. There has been a reasonable amount of exodus of the retail investors away 
from the industry. And there is precious little as an organization or a management we can do in 
terms of portfolio expansion. 
 
What we can do, however, is keep winning a lot of new clients, right, keep transitioning clients. 
That's the only thing that is in our hands. How the retail investors would invest in the markets 
or not, multiple factors play into it. Now markets have turned around largely in the last 3 to 4 
weeks, I think. 
 
And I'd like to believe that you will see an expanded number in the full year count for this quarter 
as we come back into the next quarter to discuss this topic. I do believe that it's a onetime activity 
and more number of IPOs also will bring in additional retail investors. 
 
So basically, what happens is initially when the market starts to turn around, much of the 
consolidation still happens with institutional investors buying and not retail investors buying. So 
though it may appear that the markets have turned around, but that's largely because large FIIs, 
DIIs, et cetera, buying out at bargain prices because of the markets were down in the past 2 
quarters. 
 
Now if I have, let's say, INR10 crores worth of investments. And if that all INR10 crores is 
bought in by one particular mutual fund or a DII, it's just one folio for me. But if that were to be 
bought by crore retail investors, that is crore folios for me, right? So as you can see, the market 
cap would exactly be the same. However, depending upon who's buying and who's transacting 
has the material impact on our revenue lines there. 
 
So yes, I think the initial spurt and growth of our market will not necessarily drive retail 
participation. Retail participation usually comes when there is a momentum. That is when the 
retail investor starts feeling that there is a FOMO, so on and so forth and start coming in there, 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
which I'd like to believe is going to happen sometime around now, and hence, the retail folios 
should expand into this quarter for the next 2. 
 
I'll request Vivek and Amit to cover the aspects on the VAS revenue and on the Ascent numbers. 
Vivek Mathur: 
Sure, Sreekanth. On the MF VAS revenue, it's currently 5% of the MF revenue. And we expect 
that it will continue to grow. It has been growing steadily. It was about 4.8% in the first quarter. 
It has grown to 5.2% in this quarter. 
 
And on the question on Ascent numbers, there is a one-off onetime INR2.8 million hit they have 
taken. One out of INR2.8 million, INR2.1 million relates to staff retention because of the 
transaction. We wanted them to make sure that the core staff continues and there is a retention 
plan around it. And another INR0.7 million is transaction-related cost. If we ignore this onetime, 
they are same as in terms of achieving breakeven and a little bit of profit that they have made. 
Amit Murarka: 
I'll also add some points here, Swarnabh. Look, I mean, the pipeline with Ascent, the book also 
being very, very strong. We don't see any slippages out over there as well. And in this kind of a 
business, what happens that while you have been acquiring the private mandates and all, I mean, 
it also kind of needs to tie up with the time when the fund gets launched into the market and 
which allows you to start the operation and start booking the revenue as well. 
 
So it's more about the timing difference rather than getting a perception that there is a softness 
in the quarter and all, which kind of picks up as we move into the subsequent months and the 
periods and all. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Okay. Understood. That's very helpful. Just quickly, I mean, this one-off costs are done, right? 
So next quarter would be a cleaner quarter? 
Amit Murarka: 
Yes, yes. I mean the reason being because, I mean, these are all part of the transaction-related, 
the structure that we kind of agreed with the team over there. So all of those things have already 
been factored in. And this quarter onwards, when we start consolidating, we don't expect any 
kind of -- these kind of write-offs, basically, the one-offs into the books and all. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citigroup. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hope I'm audible. So just a few questions from my side. First, going back to the previous 
participant's question on Ascent. If I were to look at the gross realizations, which is a basis points 
of average AUM, that seems to have been on a downward trajectory for some quarters. I 
understand that there was a large deal that happened last year. So I just wanted to get some color 
on what is really driving this realization downward trajectory and how to really think of it going 
ahead. 
 
Second, I see there has been some restatement of Ascent's 2024 EBITDA numbers. So if you 
can give some color on the purpose of the restatement and what really happened out there?  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Third question is on your domestic mutual fund business. I understand that there are occasional 
discounts or renegotiations that happen every now and then. But at least for the next, let's say, 
12 to 18 months, is there a visibility on relative stability of this number X of any telescopic 
pricing impact? 
 
And the last question is on the cost part. I mean, given that you have been kind of upgrading or 
kind of scaling up your capabilities across various business lines, how should one think of 
incremental employee growth? 
I see that number of IT engineers in your ecosystem continues to increase. So is there a case 
where there can be some sort of higher employee cost that kind of gets built in over a period of 
time? 
Vivek Mathur: 
Sreekanth, I'm requesting Amit to talk about Ascent and then maybe you can pick up about 
domestic mutual fund, and then I'll pick up the cost. Amit? 
Amit Murarka: 
Thanks, Vivek. So, Dipanjan, as far as the realizations are concerned, they are in the range of 
around 6 to 8 basis points on average. And we expect that kind of range will continue. So even 
on the base of the July '25 numbers also, if you see, I think that translates close to around 6.5 
kind of basis points and all. And this is considerably higher than what we have around 5, 5.2 
basis points in our -- the GFS business and all. 
 
Secondly, with respect to your questions on the restatement for the FY '24 numbers, those 
numbers it takes time for the audit to get completed given that you need to stich up the numbers 
for these 18-odd jurisdictions and all. 
 
So by the time the numbers were available when we announced the results for the previous -- 
the period and all, I mean, these numbers were still unaudited. And these adjustments basically 
are nothing but just with respect to the audit related, the extra provisions for the cost that they 
have carried into the books and all. So these are pertaining to those numbers. 
Vivek Mathur: 
Sreekanth, do you want to pick up the telescopic pricing stability? Can you hear us? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Yes, yes. Sorry, I thought you were going to pick up the cost conversation. On the mutual funds, 
Dipanjan, it's -- I think it's -- see, we had a material number of contracts that got renegotiated 
into the past 6 to 9 months, right? And that is obviously a cyclicality in terms of when the 
contracts are being signed and the duration of each of the contracts. 
 
We have two contracts that are to be negotiated, one next year and another 1 year after that, 
which may have a marginal impact on the yields per se. But I guess it's fair to say that we will 
be in a reasonable range bound, and there will be stability of yield. You will not see probably a 
big drop like what you saw, into earlier this year or into the coming 2 years for sure. That's on 
that. 
 
And as far as the cost is concerned, see, we have -- the employee cost, like how I explained in 
the case of Issuer Solutions, is also semi-linear in the case of mutual funds, right? We will -- as 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
the new clients -- so for example, in the last 12 months alone, we have added close to 10 new 
clients. We have signed 4 new clients in the last 3 months to 4 months alone. 
 
Now each of these for a certain period of time, we will incur the cost, and there won't be any 
AUM and driven revenue. So clearly, there will be -- you will see a certain cost expansion, if I 
look at it in isolation in terms of headcount, what have you. But that will continue to get 
optimized or negated in the form of our fully purposefully driven tech capabilities driven 
productivity. 
 
I've explained about FinEx as a program, which is basically our very strong intent in terms of 
replatforming it. And it's a very complex job, quite honestly. It's like changing the tires while 
your car is moving at 200 kilometers an hour. And I think having gone live with a couple of 
modules and with more visibility into more to happen into the coming quarters, that should give 
us the right kind of support to ensure that we don't continue to expand headcount, right, in the 
cost. 
 
But again, just to also add a point, I think what you will see is into the coming years, it won't 
truly be the cost of people that will be material. It will start to become -- your tech cost will 
become more and more expensive right? And we need to have an eye on that and hence, this 
entire tech transformation program. 
 
So think of it this way. We -- if it is people, we have other solutions, right? I mean you can 
basically look at bottom of the pyramid, you move into Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, right, extended 
working hours or rather shift B, shift C, so on and so forth. There are other solutions that you 
can optimize the human beings' cost. 
 
But when it comes to tech, it won't be that simple and straightforward, right? I mean much like 
my clients may come to me for discounts. My service providers, that is whether it is Microsoft 
or Oracle and AWS and so on and so forth, it is a non-linear relationship. I mean we only get -- 
let us say that price is going up, right? And given the dominant geopolitic situation they are in, 
they're able to do that. 
 
So we are actually even more invested in basically solving for the future and not just for a limited 
amount of headcount expansion, but how do I basically ensure that the tech costs do not spiral 
out of control as the data component keeps expanding. For every INR1 of AUM, there is a 
significant amount of data that gets piled up, right? And that's a cost that we pay downstream. 
 
So there's a large program on that. We have our eyes very firmly set in terms of optimizing costs, 
both on people and non-people costs. I think people costs, we've been doing reasonably all right. 
You will expect a certain amount of small semi-linearity kicking in or rather has already kicked 
in, in the context of several new mandates that we have added. 
 
Cost of regulation, we now have cost of surveillance, cost of fraud detection. Now mindful of 
the fact that none of these are revenue generating, but nevertheless will add to my cost. In spite 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
and despite of investments into all of those areas, we continue to maintain a reasonably healthy 
profile on the margins in mutual funds. But that said, we'll refocus on tech. 
Vivek Mathur: 
Thank you, Dipanjan. I just wanted to add to what Sreekanth mentioned, that you talked about 
the telescopic pricing stability. You will continue to see telescopic-based pricing reduction in 
yield of about 3.5% to 4% every year as the AUM goes up. And on the cost of IT employees, 
we still spend about 18% of revenue on IT. 
 
The number of transactions in domestic mutual fund alone, what we used to do in 2023, now we 
are doing almost similar transactions for the first half of 2026. While the overall headcount has 
gone up only by 15%, volumes have almost doubled in half year as compared to what it used to 
be. So investment in IT is playing out in terms of reducing the investment in manpower, and 
investment in technology will continue in the future as well. 
Amit Murarka: 
So just to add to Vivek point, I mean, Dipanjan, just to clarify here, I mean, the yield compression 
is year-on-year we are talking about, on an annual basis. So this is not -- so just taking the queue 
out of your question and the previous participant's questions and also, there is no -- so we are 
not talking about any sequential pressure on the yields in the Q3 and the Q4 and all. This is only 
on the fiscal year to fiscal year, what we are talking about here. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum. 
Mohit Mangal: 
I've got two questions. So actually, I was looking at your international operations where a 
meaningful portion now comes from the GIFT City. So I wanted to understand how the 
underlying economics compare, say, a fund administration pricing for a Malaysian client versus 
a similar work done for a client in GIFT City. So how does the pricing and margin profile differ? 
That's question number one. 
 
Question number two, continuing the question on Ascent. Basically, the top line numbers look 
very impressive. And I think you told that there have been one-off this quarter as well. My 
question is that how confident are we about sustaining or achieving a certain EBITDA margin? 
And what is the time frame we should look into that? Yes, that's it. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Yes. So GIFT City funds -- so first of all, KFin does not do private mandate administration, 
accepting a few in Canada or so. Our international business is mostly around mutual funds, 
pensions, private retirement schemes, as you're aware. So we then have to compare, I suppose, 
our GIFT City yield versus what Ascent generates in Singapore, et cetera. As Amit has already 
clarified, our yield is roughly about 6- to 7-odd basis points in international. That is what Ascent 
is driving. GIFT City would be no more than 2 to 2.5. 
 
So clearly, you're seeing a huge gap in terms of, I guess, how Indian clients pay versus probably 
outside. And that's -- so about 2.5-odd basis points compared to 7 basis points international. 
Clearly, that will have a huge impact on the margin, right? And as in like GIFT City funds and 
Indian funds generally will give you lower margin compared to international. So that is -- 
however, that statement holds true when you have scale internationally. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
 
Otherwise, the cost of servicing a few funds also is much higher compared to the revenue, the 
basis points that you get. So I think that's what is basically what's playing out with Ascent at this 
point in time, which is that they have crossed a certain set of funds that are needed in each of the 
geographies to have gotten breaking even at this point in time, and we'll continue to add margins 
from here now that the core base requirement has been met. 
 
But for now, obviously, our margins in GIFT City will be higher than that of Ascent's margins 
elsewhere. But that is -- that's just a scale conversation into the coming year or so. It will all 
change then differently. 
 
I'm sorry, I think there was another question about the Ascent... 
Vivek Mathur: 
Ascent EBITDA margin? 
Mohit Mangal: 
EBITDA margin, yes. 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
It's very early days, right? I mean it's a young organization, 5 to 6 years, have managed to scale 
up rather quickly. If you look at KFin also and start the continuum from 5 years back and see 
where Ascent, rather than KFin looking from last 40 years, both of us have done similar -- have 
a similar trajectory, which is very strong vision, strategic intent, conviction and support from the 
Board and the promoters to invest in younger, faster-growing businesses to add more, to 
diversify risk, so on and so forth. 
 
So to that extent, our journey has been similar. And I think both of us are just getting started. So 
I see no worry in terms of sustainability. We are looking to accelerate from here rather than 
thinking about slowing down or maturing at this moment. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Right. No, no. So my question was that in terms of a breakeven, right, EBITDA breakeven, when 
it would be like kind of possible? In -- any timeline, if you could give? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
It's already positive. It's EBITDA positive already. And with more scale in each of the 
geographies, operating geographies, it will turn -- the profits will be in single digits, I'd like to 
believe for this fiscal. And we have a very strong plan -- operating plan to get into double-digit 
margins into the next year. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. No, sir. Actually, I was looking at your PPT, Slide #28. So EBITDA is $2.7 million 
negative for financial year in July '25. 
Amit Murarka: 
So Sreekanth, I'll just take that thing. So Mohit, that $2.7 million is basically, I mean, after the 
adjustments of that onetime $2.8 million, which is what Vivek explained that there is transaction 
related, the cost of $2.8 million that they have kind of accounted for in the fiscal 2025. But net 
of adjusted for that, I mean, it is already breaking even at and all. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Uday Pai from Investec. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Uday Pai: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, on Ascent again. So your 9 months number of EBITDA 
was INR0.3 million. And now full year adjusted for that M&A also, we are down roughly 
INR0.1 million. So we have actually declined in the last 3 months. So can you give any color on 
that? That's the first question. 
 
And the second question is on the NPA side. I think so Sreekanth in his opening commentary 
mentioned that it would be moving to an AUM-based fee rather than a fixed fee structure. So 
can you give some more color on that as well? So those are the two questions. 
Amit Murarka: 
So yes, so I mean, that's INR0.3 million to INR0.1 million, those are largely with respect to, 
again, we will subsume -- we'll assign more to the transaction-related costs itself. So there are -
- I mean, with respect to the councils and the other -- the diligence that they have taken on part 
of their side in terms of the vendor DDs and all. So on account of that, I mean, the number of 
another INR20,00,000 or rather INR3,00,000 that has kind of been added to that cost and all. 
 
But we expect that going forward, these numbers will only improve, and more -- it will more be 
a play on the operating leverage because as you add more scale, I mean, you won't need that 
many number of the people with respect to the sales or the client relationship, the team and all. 
And even on the operational side, now along with KFintech, I think the tech is something that 
will also provide them the leverage in terms of taking the benefit out of it and then going and 
servicing rather than deploying more people at the job. 
 
So as we move into the subsequent period and all, I mean, as we have been saying that FY '26, 
it will be neutral in terms of the impact. And from the next year onwards and all, it will be the 
EPS accretive as well. And as we move into the subsequent period and over the next 3- to 5-odd 
years, we believe, I mean, the company would come and fall in line with the KFintech, the 
margin structures as well. 
Uday Pai: 
Sure, sir. That helps. On the NPA side, if you can help? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
Yes, I'll take that. So see, the current pricing for pensions is something that each of the three 
operating CRAs quote at the beginning of their license. And there is a requirement to renew your 
license once every 5 years or so. And the CRAs get an opportunity to revise upwards or 
downwards depending upon their operating scale and margins, etcetera. 
 
Now we basically -- to simplify the numbers, basically, KFin charges roughly about INR100 per 
prime today, right? And I think total is around INR114, INR115, what have you. There is a 
regulatory requirement stating that in the current construct of a fixed fee that everything needs 
to be capped at INR100, which means that it is net neutral for us. It doesn't matter to us because 
we're already at INR100. And if anything, we'll be able to add another 3%, 4% more to our 
current pricing. We are currently at INR97. 
 
And hence, there can be a slight upward revision in terms of the pricing that we can get. And I 
think there is also a proposal to increase the -- right now, it is fixed and flat at INR100. But now 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
there is a corpus-based fee that is coming into play, which means that up to INR2 lakh, let's say, 
if a subscriber -- NPA subscriber has up to INR2 lakh-odd, we'll charge about INR100. 
 
But if it becomes INR2 lakh plus, then it will get to about INR150. INR10 lakh plus, it will get 
into INR300, so on and so forth. So as pension corpus increases for individuals and rightfully 
so, our fees for each of those particular plans will expand. 
 
And there is a near-term upside. We are also going to see a small bump up in our revenue based 
on this particular structure. And that aside, there is also intent -- not just an intent, actually a 
requirement to move into a basis point-based pricing, which is something that we are still 
finalizing. I don't have the numbers that I can offer to you at this point in time. I think we are 
expected to publish into the next 3 to 4 weeks. 
 
But all I can tell you at this moment in time is that it is going to be accretive margin-wise because 
it does not come with additional costs, but then higher revenue on the pensions because of the 
AUM-based basis. And again, it is not just a near-term view. We'll have to look at this as an 
industry-wide view how it is in terms of other businesses like mutual funds. 
 
As the AUM expands because of mark-to-market or the net inflows growing, there would be a 
part taking that we will be taking in the pensions as against the fixed fee construct. So that's my 
limited inputs at this point in time, but I'll be in a better position to give you more specifics on 
the numbers as we finalize and work with the regulator and provide the slabs to the rest of the 
industry. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sayyam Ranka from IIFL Capital Limited. 
Sayyam Ranka: 
First of all, congratulations for the good set of numbers. I would have two questions. Firstly, on 
the part of that in the new SIF segment, I can see that you have won 3 new mandates. So could 
you share the potential as well as what could be the RTI economics over the same? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
No, not 3. We have won several mandates. We have won 50 plus in total. So taking our count to 
close to 650-odd mandates. The economics are same depending upon which mandate it is. We 
have moved away from fixed fee per scheme, so on and so forth. Everything is on basis points, 
much like mutual funds and now pensions as well. Depending upon the scope, if it is only 
transfer agency work, it will be about 1.5 basis points thereabouts. If it is transfer agency plus 
fund accounting, it will be around 2.5 to 3 basis points. And of course, market dynamics exist 
for each of the funds, so there can be plus or minus in each of -- depending upon which fund that 
you're looking at. 
 
But suffice us to say that as more and more funds get added, it gives us the opportunity to drive 
scale-driven efficiencies, which will be reflected in the margin expansion. We have completed 
our entire XAlt build, close to 80% of the funds are migrated on to that, another 20% are going 
to get completed by end of this calendar year. And that is going to provide the near-term impetus 
in terms of the margin expansion in the alternatives. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
 
So yes, more clients equals more margin and same is the case with moving into our new edge 
platform called XAlt, which should happen in the next 2 months. 
Sayyam Ranka: 
Got it, sir. But by the way, I was asking on the SIF.  
Sreekanth Nadella: 
My apologies, it's all right. So the SIF mandate is basically bigger mutual fund mandate. So our 
commissions are same as what's there in the equity. I mean, if it is equity, it is equity. So the 
pricing is same. Costing initially would be -- probably could be slightly higher, given it's just a 
brand-new asset and there's a lot of different regulation that needs to be complied with, and we 
need to train manpower, so on and so forth. 
 
So in the near term, it could be slightly lower. But in the medium- to long-term basis, I expect 
SIF to be similar or marginally better than pure-play equity mutual funds simply because the 
quantum of transactions won't be as high even as the nature of the -- or the exotism of the 
transactions could be slightly different, can be mirrored in more AIF than mutual funds. 
Sayyam Ranka: 
Got it, sir. Secondly, I would like to ask on the KRA business. So is there a development that 
would avoid AMCs to pay for a record, which has been already faced by an AMC? Do the 
current regulations allow this? And following to that, what will this do to your plans for KRA? 
Sreekanth Nadella: 
So this is an evolving discussion in the industry, but very critically put -- the short answer is yes. 
There were discussions that have happened with the industry body and the regulator on the 
AMC, so on and so forth. It will come to play, I'd like to believe at some point in time this 
calendar year itself -- sorry, this fiscal year, if not calendar year. 
 
What it will do to the KRA industry, it is not a net positive for a KRA industry without a doubt 
because much of the revenue comes today from fetching the KYC record as individuals invest 
in other mutual funds. That's interoperability cost, so to speak, and not just interoperability the 
fetching costs, etcetera. 
 
So whilst it is not as binary black and white that you fetch once, and you use it hundreds of times 
because many change can happen in between -- in individuals, address can change, mobile 
numbers can change or you -- so all those changes mean that what you fetch may not usually 
work and hence, you need -- any which you'll need to fetch again. So it's a net negative for the 
KRA industry, but something we'll have to wait and watch as to how it evolves into the coming 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, this was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Vivek Mathur for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Vivek Mathur: 
Thank you very much to all the attendees for attending the earnings call today. We continue to 
put in our best efforts to grow the company both from the top line and bottom line perspective, 
and our guidance holds good in terms of EBITDA margin of 40% to 45%. In the next quarter, 
you will see the integration of Ascent and its impact on the top line and bottom line. Thank you 
so much for joining today. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
KFin Technologies Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of KFintech, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
