 
 
 
  Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
Corporate Headquarters 
M A Road, Srinagar 190001 Kashmir, India 
CIN: L65110JK1938SGC000048 
T +91 (0)194 248 3775 
F +91 (0)194 248 1928 
W www.jkb.bank.in  
E board.sectt@jkbmail.com 
 
 
Board Secretariat 
            Ref:-JKB/BS/F3652/2025/156 
            Date: 20th October, 2025 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza  5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1  G-Block   
Bandra Kurla Complex   
Bandra (E)  Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: J&KBANK 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001    
Scrip Code:532209 
 
 
  Sub:-   Transcript of Conference Call held on October 18, 2025 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In continuation to our letter no. JKB/BS/F3652/2025/142 dated October 09, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, the transcript of the Conference Call held on October 18, 2025 by the Bank in relation to the 
Reviewed Financial Results of the Bank for the Quarter and Half Year ended September 30, 2025 is 
enclosed and the same is also available on the website of the Bank under following link: 
 
https://jkb.bank.in/investor/stockExchangeIntimation/investorrelations 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination.  
 
Thanking you 
 
 Yours faithfully  
 
     For Jammu and Kashmir Bank Limited 
 
         
        
      Mohammad Shafi Mir 
      Company Secretary  
Mohamma
d Shafi Mir
Digitally signed by Mohammad Shafi Mir 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=191131, l=Ganderbal, 
st=Jammu and Kashmir, street=ganjipora batwina, Batvena, 
Ganderbal Jammu and Kashmir India 191131, title=5504, 
2.5.4.20=f967bd71f559747b387d419e56605e9e342b989bde6
51ebf36672be670c15047, 
serialNumber=66e7c458fadfd58d0b1e3af6cfa93526782626d
2f4a82a11e8de9af7cbcce6cd, email=shafi.mir@jkbmail.com, 
cn=Mohammad Shafi Mir 
Date: 2025.10.20 11:24:36 +05'30'

Page 1 of 8 
 
 
“Jammu & Kashmir Bank Limited 
Q2 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 18, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMITAVA CHATTERJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – JAMMU AND 
KASHMIR BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDHIR GUPTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – JAMMU 
AND KASHMIR BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIT KUMAR – CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER – 
JAMMU AND KASHMIR BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. IMTIYAZ AHMAD BHAT – CHIEF GENERAL 
MANAGER – JAMMU AND KASHMIR BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. RAKESH MAGOTRA – RETAIL BANKING HEAD – 
JAMMU AND KASHMIR BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. NISHI KANT SHARMA – CORPORATE BANKING 
HEAD – JAMMU AND KASHMIR BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH MALLA TIKOO – IMPAIRED ASSETS 
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT HEAD – JAMMU AND 
KASHMIR BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. KETAN KUMAR JOSHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – JAMMU AND KASHMIR BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. ALTAF HUSSAIN KIRA – CHIEF RISK OFFICER – 
JAMMU AND KASHMIR BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. AJAY KOHLI – TREASURY HEAD – JAMMU AND 
KASHMIR BANK LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Jammu & Kashmir Bank Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the Q2 FY2026 Conference Call of Jammu 
and Kashmir Bank Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. We have with us from the bank, Mr. Amitava 
Chatterjee, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, along with his management team. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Chatterjee. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Thank you very much, Steev. A very good evening and a warm welcome to all the investors, 
analysts and other stakeholders joining us today for the J&K Bank September 2025 Earnings 
Call. First of all, let me introduce my fellow colleagues from the bank's senior management who 
are accompanying me on this call.  
Executive Director, Shri. Sudhir Gupta, our new Chief General Managers Mr. Sunit Kumar and 
Mr. Imtiyaz Ahmad Bhat; Retail Banking Head; Mr. Rakesh Magotra; Corporate Banking Head, 
Mr. Nishi Kant Sharma; Impaired Assets Portfolio Management Head, Mr. Rajesh Malla Tikoo; 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Ketan Kumar Joshi, Chief Risk Officer, Mr. Altaf Hussain Kira and 
our Treasury Head, Mr. Ajay Kohli. 
Indian economy has exhibited marked resilience in quarter 1 of FY '25-'26 with a better-than-
expected real GDP growth of 7.8%, reaching a 5-quarter high with the dual engines of growth - 
consumption and investment remaining strong, even though global uncertainty remains elevated 
in the wake of geopolitical tensions and renewed tariff-related frictions among major trading 
blocs. Acknowledging India's consistent outperformance amidst this challenging global 
environment, IMF has increased India's growth projections by 20 bps to 6.6% for 2025, while 
also revising the global growth forecast upwards to 3.2% for FY '25.  
With the domestic economy picking up momentum, the bank has also recorded a substantial 
improvement in its business numbers with deposits growing by 2.4% sequentially and advances 
recording a 3.9% sequential growth. On a Y-o-Y basis, the bank has recorded a deposit growth 
of 10.2% and advances growth of 9.4%, which is broadly in alignment with the overall Y-o-Y 
deposit growth of 9.5% and advances growth of 10.3% recorded by all Scheduled Banks as on 
19th September 2025 as per the latest data published by RBI.  
One of the highlights of this quarter has been the growth in CASA deposits at 2.8%, outpacing 
the growth in term deposits at 2%, resulting in an improvement in the bank's CASA ratio from 
45.71% recorded on 30th June '25 to 45.89% as on 30th September 2025. Even though the 
improvement may seem marginal, however it is remarkable considering that it is after a period 
of nine consecutive quarters that the bank has witnessed an improvement in its CASA ratio on a 
sequential basis and it comes at a time when the industry CASA ratio has fallen from a 25-year 
high of over 42% in March '22 to around 36% in June 2025 as per a CRISIL report.  

 
 
Jammu & Kashmir Bank Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
On the advances side, Rest of India book has recorded a Y-o-Y growth of 16.1% against a growth 
of 5.9% in Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh, which is in alignment with the bank's vision of 
achieving a 50-50 split of the loan book between JKL and ROI over the medium to long-term. 
Quarterly numbers also present a similar trend with Jammu Kashmir and Ladakh recording a 
loan growth of 2.8% whereas Rest of India, which at present contributes around 30% of the total 
loan book of the Bank, has recorded a growth of 6% for the same period. 
Sector-wise, Corporate and Agriculture, which together constitute around 40% of the Bank's 
loan portfolio, have been the best performers both on a Y-o-Y and a sequential basis, witnessing 
a growth of 11.7% and 27.4% Y-o-Y, respectively. In Personal Finance, which alone constitutes 
around 38% of the loan book, Y-o-Y growth is 6.9%. Within Personal Finance also, the Rest of 
India growth at 12.9% Y-o-Y is more than double that of Jammu Kashmir and Ladakh - 6.2%, 
again in line with our plans of expanding our retail footprints across the rest of the country. 
Major growth contributors in the Personal loan category are housing and car loans, constituting 
roughly half of the personal loan portfolio, with both recording a double-digit Y-o-Y growth in 
Rest of India geographical division.  
Profitability for the quarter has moderated on Y-o-Y basis, in line with broader industry trends, 
though sequential performance has still marginally improved with net profit for this quarter 
being recorded at INR494 crores with a 1.9% QoQ growth despite a substantially lower TWO 
recovery in this quarter. The moderation in profitability across the industry has been brought 
about by the pressure on margins, as expected, after RBI's cumulative rate cuts of 100 bps, with 
our NIM also contracting to 3.56% for this quarter against 3.90% for the same period in the 
previous year. The contraction in NIM has been brought about by faster transmission of rate cuts 
on the lending side compared to the transmission on liabilities side as well as due to migration 
of CASA balances to Term Deposits. As per the RBI bulletin of September 2025, whereas the 
Weighted Average Lending Rate on outstanding rupee loans of Scheduled Commercial Banks 
for the period February to August 2025 declined by 49 bps, Weighted Average Domestic Term 
Deposit Rate on outstanding Term Deposits has declined by 17 bps only. The impact is evident 
in our case also with our yield on advances declining to 9.20% for this quarter against 9.57% Y-
o-Y and Cost of Deposits being recorded at 4.86% for this quarter. However, we believe that the 
Cost of Deposits has now peaked and NIM has bottomed out, unless there is a further repo rate 
cut.  
Besides the aforesaid factors which have had an industry-wide impact, our profitability in this 
quarter has again been impacted due to reduction of Other Income on account of impairment 
provision of INR92 crores on our investment in Jammu and Kashmir Grameen Bank, in addition 
to the provision of INR87 crores made in the previous quarter. Despite taking this one-off hit of 
INR180 crores during the half year, we have still posted a Y-o-Y growth of 1.3% in our half 
yearly net profit. If we exclude the impact of INR180 crores, our net profit growth for the first 
half-year would have been around 20% Y-o-Y (without considering tax impact).  
On the costs side, our operating costs for the quarter continue to be well under control with just 
a marginal 2.2% Y-o-Y growth. 

 
 
Jammu & Kashmir Bank Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 8 
 
GNPA has not only been contained but reduced to 3.32% with GNPA in absolute terms also 
reducing sequentially and gross slippage ratio for the quarter, on an annualized basis, being 
below 0.90%, which is pleasing and should allay concerns around asset quality, especially in 
light of the disturbances affecting our core geography in the first quarter, followed by natural 
calamities - floods and landslides in the second quarter. Consequentially, NNPA has also been 
reduced to 0.76%, while PCR continues to be healthy above 90%. 
It is pertinent to mention here that post declaration of the unfortunate Pahalgam incident and 
subsequent conflict as disturbances across the UT of J&K by the Government of J&K, on 
recommendations of Jammu and Kashmir Union Territory Level Bankers’ Committee, Bank has 
formulated a special rehabilitation package for the affected borrowers wherein the borrowers 
can avail relief by way of extension in repayment period, interest funding, moratorium and 
additional working capital. 
CRAR has been recorded at 15.27% with CET1 at 12.11%. This is without reckoning the net 
profits for half-year which has an incremental impact of more than 90 bps.  
Due to the hit of INR180 crores on account of the impairment provision, the annualized Return 
on Assets and Return on Equity for the half-year have been recorded below our guided range at 
1.17% and 14.52% respectively. 
Consequently, we are revising our guidance for RoA and RoE for the current financial year to 
reflect this exceptional and unforeseen substantial impairment provision. However, excluding 
this one-off item, our underlying operating performance and upward core profitability trajectory 
remain intact.  
So the market guidance for FY '25-'26, credit growth 12%, deposit growth 10% CASA 48%, 
NIM 3.65% to 3.70%, RoA 1.20% to 1.25%, RoE 15% to 16%, GNPA below 3%. 
Thank you for your time today, on a Saturday evening. We appreciate your continued interest 
and support.  
We can start the questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have our first 
question. It's from the line of Sahil Mahajan, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Mahajan: 
Sir, I want to know about the current status of the GST notice of INR16,000 crores? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Okay. Sahil. Thanks, Sahil, for this question. That GST notice has not been pursued by the GST 
Council. We had already obtained a stay on the notice from the court and the court had given a 
time line to the GST Council to come and present their case, and they have not done it. So we 
are waiting for the court's judgment. In all probability as they have not contested the stay, so it 
is definitely going to be in our favor. 

 
 
Jammu & Kashmir Bank Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 8 
 
Sahil Mahajan: 
Okay. Thank you. And what is the number of branches going to open in this financial year, any 
idea? 
Sahil Mahajan: 
We have approximately -- just a second. We have a plan to open 11 branches this year. And 
three branches which were not opened last year also, we are going to add, so close to 14 branches. 
Sahil Mahajan: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ronak Daga with Kotak AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Ronak Daga: 
So sir, I can see that you have made a provision for standard assets for negative INR13 crores. 
So can you tell me the nature of the same? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Okay. That is a release of provision for non-fund exposures of NPA borrowers. 
Ronak Daga: 
And sir, you mentioned something of the prudential provisions, I guess, in the opening remarks. 
Actually I missed the same. So can you just repeat on the same? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Okay. So that is something which we could not avoid. If you are aware that Ellaquai Dehati 
Bank, a Grameen Bank sponsored by State Bank of India has got amalgamated with J&K 
Grameen Bank and the combined entity now is called Jammu and Kashmir Grameen Bank. So, 
on account of the impairment of assets related to this amalgamation, the Ellaquai Dehati Bank 
obviously was not doing well and it had losses.  
So the impairment has resulted us an additional provision of INR92 crores this quarter and 
INR87 crores last quarter. So we have had to provide for INR180 crores. This is a onetime event, 
and this was something which -- I mean, if you want to know, we are the only private sector 
bank in the country, which has a Grameen Bank. And no other private sector bank has Grameen 
Bank.  
And that too, we had a bank -- another regional rural bank being amalgamated with our Grameen 
Bank, whereas our Grameen Bank was doing very well before that. So this is something which 
-- I mean, it was a policy decision by the government, and we have accepted it. And going 
forward, we would want to ensure that the combined entity does well in future. 
Ronak Daga: 
So sir, this INR180 crores you have provided in this quarter only? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
No, INR92 crores this quarter and INR87 crores last quarter. 
Ronak Daga: 
Okay. And just last one data keeping question. What is the normalized credit cost and CASA 
ratio that you are looking for in the near term? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
The credit cost, I have always said it will be below 1%. So we do not foresee even after -- I 
mean, I just want to explain that to you. Even after what has happened through in this geography 

 
 
Jammu & Kashmir Bank Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 8 
 
for the last 6 months, we have managed to reduce our NPAs, not only in percentage terms, but 
also in absolute terms.  
So the credit cost, as I've always maintained will be fairly low, although there is some stress 
because of the natural calamities, which, again, we have the opportunity through the rehab 
program to ensure that they do not turn into NPAs. So the credit cost will remain low. And the 
second, CASA see -- CASA, we have improved slightly.  
And this has happened after a lot many quarters, 9 quarters. So we are into a very strong 
campaign for CASA growth, which has resulted in this and which is in future also is going to. 
We have a very strong focus on CASA growth, and we believe that we'll be able to reach the 
guidance number of 48%. 
Ronak Daga: 
Okay, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question. It's from the line of Sahil Mahajan, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Mahajan: 
I want to know if there is any guidance on the total profit in this financial year? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Please come again, total? 
Sahil Mahajan: 
Profit? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Profit? 
Sahil Mahajan: 
Yes. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Normally, there is no guidance on profit. But I would say that as an investor, you won't be 
disappointed. And it will definitely be better than what we have recorded last year. We have 
been recording record profits every year. So we intend to continue with that. 
Sahil Mahajan: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will be concluding the call in one minute in case of no 
further questions. We have a follow-up. It's from the line of Ronak Daga with Kotak AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Ronak Daga: 
So sir, I can see that your margins have gone down by 16 basis points. So can you just throw 
some light on the same and how are you looking at the margins going ahead? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
As I mentioned, see, the two components of margin, let's take deposits, I said that the deposit 
rates have now peaked. So I do not see any further increase in the deposit rates. Going forward, 
we'll have a better cost of deposit situation. And as far as advances are concerned, we are very 
actively looking at our retail credit growth.  

 
 
Jammu & Kashmir Bank Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
So both together and we also have certain plans and strategies for our retail credit growth in Rest 
of India, which, again, I mentioned that it has shown a very good improvement in the last quarter. 
We intend to continue with that. So it has come down. If you consider the repo rate cut has been 
1%, that is 100 basis points, considering that our hit on the NIM has been lower than that. 
So we still have a very strong portfolio -- credit portfolio, which can take care of our interest 
income. And also, you should consider the fact that this bank has one of the industry's best CASA 
ratio. So coupled with all these things put together, I think we will be meeting the annual 
guidance that we have given of more than 3.6%. 
Ronak Daga: 
Okay, got it. That is from my end. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Keshav Karwa with White Pine Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Karwa: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know your strategy of how are you seeing the 
asset quality shaping up in H2? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, I will stick to the guidance of NPA level less than 3%. I have a very strong pipeline of assets 
which are under resolution. So -and also that the slippages have been under control largely. And 
in this geography whatever has happened, we still have the benefit of the rehabilitation package 
to be implemented. So I'm very sure -- see, even in this quarter, when all things looked very 
bleak, very gloomy, we have reduced our NPA, not only in percentage terms, but also in absolute 
terms. So going forward, we'll further reduce it and we intend to bring it below 3% by the end 
of this year. 
Keshav Karwa: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Naveen Chopra, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Naveen Chopra: 
Sir, my question was that in the last few calls, I remember hearing that bank was deploying IT 
operations. And it was mentioned that retirement of old workforce would contribute to lower 
cost. But I'm seeing cost-to-income ratio going up from 54% to about 60%. My question was 
what's driving this and what's the outlook for the rest of the year? 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
See, I mentioned the cost-to-income ratio has gone up on account of the provision that we had 
to make for the merger of EDB Bank with our Grameen Bank. If we remove it, it comes down 
substantially. And also, the staff cost if you have a sense of the staff cost, it has gone down over 
a period of time. So eventually our aim is to bring down this cost-to-income ratio. This has 
happened because of policy decision of the government and we have accepted it. 
And we intend to improve upon the performance of the bank so that in future, we can write back 
these provisions. So that is our intent. We do not want to cry about it. We want to work on it. 
We want to improve and we have already started the journey and the combined entity has been 
in operating profit this quarter and also net profit this quarter. 

 
 
Jammu & Kashmir Bank Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 8 
 
Naveen Chopra: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll be concluding the call in one minute in case of no further 
questions. Thank you.  
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Amitava 
Chatterjee for closing remarks. 
Amitava Chatterjee: 
Thank you, Steev and thanks to all the participants for joining in today. Before we conclude, I 
would like to wish all of you a very happy and prosperous Diwali.  
For any further questions or queries, you can contact our Investor Relations Desk. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Jammu and Kashmir Bank, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
