 
 
 
Control Print Limited, C-106, Hind Saurashtra Industrial Estate, Andheri-Kurla Road, Marol Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059, India 
t. +91 22 28599065 / 66938900 | f. +91 2228528272 | e. ho@controlprint.com I w.www.controlprint.com  
CIN. L22219MH1991PLC059800 
MUMBAI (Regd.Office). AHMEDABAD. BENGALURU. CHANDIGARH. CHENNAI. COLOMBO. DELHI. GUWAHATI 
HYDERABAD. JAMSHEDPUR. KOLKATA. NALAGARH. PUNE. 
 
 
 
November 20, 2025 
 
 
To, 
The Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 522295 
The Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol - CONTROLPR 
 
 
Ref: Transcript of Q2FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement),            
Regulations 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulations, 2015, read with para A of part A of Schedule III thereof, please find attached 
Transcript of the Conference Call with the Investors / Shareholders of Control Print Limited 
(‘the Company’) fixed through Kaptify Consulting held on Friday, November 14, 2025 at 
02.30 P.M. IST on Q2FY2026 of the Company. 
 
Further, the said Transcript will be made available on Company’s website at 
www.controlprint.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Control Print Limited 
 
 
 
___________________ 
Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Place: Mumbai  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Murli 
Manohar 
Thanvi
Digitally signed by Murli Manohar Thanvi 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5297, 
pseudonym=a5yqlw0g62t8xipj4bomz9erk17
vnhcd, 
2.5.4.20=677fa5f6bf2172f6b4ded0d8237267
4a0d22bfbf3d8c030a77124220e770efef, 
postalCode=342301, st=Rajasthan, 
serialNumber=d93e27ab1de4dee4c41c4b4d
9da5045dee4481ce2b6fd1866d4b97b3223fb
dba, cn=Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Date: 2025.11.20 14:28:28 +05'30'

 
 
 
CONTROL PRINT LIMITED 
 
Q2 & H1 FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Shiva Kabra - Joint Managing Director 
Mr. Jaideep Barve - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
Disclaimer: - This transcript is edited for factual errors. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY 2026 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Control Print Limited. Today on the call 
from the management team, we have with us Mr. Shiva Kabra, Joint 
Managing Director; and Mr. Jaideep Barve, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business 
and performance highlights for the period ended September 2025, the 
growth plan and vision for the coming year, post which we will open 
the floor for Q&A. 
 
Over to the management team. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Jaideep Barve, the Chief Financial 
Officer of Control Print Limited. Welcome you all to the earnings 
conference call for the second quarter or the first half of the financial 
year 2025-2026. We appreciate that you have taken out your time 
from your busy schedule to attend to this. Thanks for being in this call. 
 
Mr. Shiva Kabra, the Joint Managing Director of Control Print 
Limited also joins me on this call. For the first timers who are joining 
us on the earnings call, more information about our company can be 
obtained by visiting our website. For your information, the detailed 
presentation has already been put up on the website as well as in the 
investor presentation notification on the exchanges for this call. 
 
Let me provide you some highlights on the performance of CPL for 
the H1 of FY 2025-2026. 
 
On a standalone basis, the total revenue for H1 is approximately ₹210 
crores. This represents a good growth from approximately ₹185 crores 
this year. Just for information, the total revenue for financial year 
2024-2025, 2023-2024 and 2022-2023 is ₹395 crores, ₹347 crores, 
and ₹295 crores respectively. 
 
Regarding the operating revenue, the H1 shows an operating revenue 
of ₹202 crores in FY 2025-2026. The corresponding revenue for the 
previous period was ₹181 crores. Coding and marking continues to be 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
the dominant share in the revenue. Almost 89% of the revenue comes 
from coding and marking. This particular segment has seen a steady 
growth. Pipes, food, health care, dairy, steel and metal, cable and wire 
are our top performing business verticals. We continue to be one of 
the market leaders in cement, plywood, sugar and dairy. The T&T 
business outlook remains good for the division in FY 2025-2026. 
 
In the first half H1 year, we have already implemented two new 
solutions in Track and Trace division.  
 
We started sales of packaging machines in the first quarter. Pipelines 
are being generated for new machines, laminates and the co-packing 
activities. In the second quarter, we've undertaken several co-packing 
activities.  
For the mask lab, along with the masks, we are also engaging in the 
trading of hard hats, helmets, gloves, blankets, etc. The outlook 
remains good and positive for the remainder of the year. 
 
 
Exceptional income in the Q1 was approximately ₹4 crores. This is 
related to the capital subsidy for the 30% investment in plant and 
machinery. On the costs, the cost of goods sold is around 42% and 
43% for Q2 and Q1, respectively. On an annual basis for the last year, 
it was around 42%. 
 
That said, we remain committed to optimise the procurement costs and 
also look closely into the economy, efficiency and effectiveness of 
operations. This we feel should definitely lead to reduction in the 
operating costs. Manufacturing costs remain approximately at 3% of 
the operating revenue. This is similar to the earlier periods. Employee 
costs are 16% and 18% of the operating revenue in Q2 and Q1. 
Depreciation remains consistent at 4% of the operating revenue. 
EBITDA, the PAT and the PBT, excluding exceptional items have 
grown at 14.1%, 18.5% and 11.7% on a YoY basis. 
 
Regarding the consolidated revenue. In H1, the operating revenue is 
₹223 crores. The corresponding figures for the last year was ₹200 
crores.  
The way forward is we want to consolidate the existing coding and 
marking business. We would like to increase the installed base and 
provide robust solutions. There is also a price increase which has been 
announced by management recently. 
 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
We would like to capitalise opportunities in the Track and Trace 
segment. We expect increase in the revenue in the packaging business, 
both in India and overseas through machine sales, co-packing and 
laminate sales. Our overseas subsidiaries will continue to be 
monitored with focused good targets. Business plans have already 
been made and signed off for execution. 
 
The floor is now open for questions. We'll be happy to address them. 
 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will start the question-and-answer session. Anybody 
who wishes to ask a question, please use the option of raise hand. 
Alternatively, you can also post your questions in the chat box. We'll 
take the question from Neelu Singh. Please go ahead. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
We will take the first question from Vineet Thakur. Vineet, you can 
go ahead, please. 
 
Vineet Thakur: 
I just wanted to know what would be the revenue breakup that you 
estimate going forward for this year and for the future years. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Shiva, would you like to answer this question? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, no I think it's better you answer. I'm not sure what revenue 
breakup exactly is the question, but I think you can answer it. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
[Technical Difficulty] revenue for the H1. 
 
Moderator: 
Jaideep, I think your voice is not clear. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Hi, Vineet. To answer your question, we've already done (₹202) crores 
of operating revenue in the H1 on a stand-alone basis. The revenue 
outlook remains good. The previous year, the revenue was about ₹395 
crores and we definitely expect you going to cross that and show 
improved performance by 2025-2026 year. 
 
Vineet Thakur: 
Actually, I wanted to know more about the breakup. For example, 
how much percentage of revenue do you expect consumables, printers 
and spares? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So I can tell you the numbers for the Q1 and Q2, so between printers, 
consumables, spares and services, which are the four verticals under 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
the coding and marking business. For the Q2, we did a business of 
14%, 60%, 9%, 16%, respectively. Yeah, Vineet, was I audible? 
 
Vineet Thakur: 
You did cut out a bit, but could you just repeat again? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yes. So between printers, consumables, spares, and services, the 
proportion is for the Q2, it is 14%, 60%, 9%, and 16% respectively. 
The comparable for Q1 of current year was 11%, 62%, 12%, and 14% 
respectively 
 
Vineet Thakur: 
And do you expect any changes in that? Or are you expecting this year 
now? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
It all depends upon the mix of the sales, honestly, because what 
happens is that the sale of consumables is depending on the 
momentum in the production in the market. So too early to predict 
about the Q3 and Q4. But given this continuing stand, I mean you 
could calculate what kind of revenue we will be generating by 2025, 
2026. 
 
Vineet Thakur: 
Okay. And are we looking to sort of explore any other business 
opportunities other than coding, marking and V-Shape? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, we are not doing that. Our focus right now is growing the coding 
and marking. We are also in the Track and Trace business, and we're 
also in the Digital Printing business, more like an advancement of the 
current Coding and Marking business. So not like in digital printing 
presses, but more for in-line type of solution. 
 
So we are in the coding and marking space, the coding and marking 
space/digital printing at a certain level, which is more in the in-line 
packaging solutions. We are in the Track and Trace business. And 
then we are, of course, in the Packaging business through V-shapes. 
And those are the only four verticals that we are going to be focusing 
on. There has been some expansion geographically in one or two 
sectors, and maybe we'll be looking especially at the V-Shapes 
business more on that aspect. 
 
Vineet Thakur: 
Okay. Perfect. And when do you expect a turnaround in your Europe 
operations? Like what do you -- when do you expect the margin 
expansion to sort of start... 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay. So in our last con call, I said we had lost about EUR 2.5-
something million last year, ₹25 crores or something. This year, we 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
had predicted somewhere between EUR 1 million to EUR 1.2 million. 
Now in the second quarter, we lost about EUR 670,000, something 
like that, I can't remember approximately. 
 
So like I said, all other businesses besides the V-Shapes business are 
profitable. That is Codeology and Markprint are already profitable (in 
operations). Only V-shapes is making a loss. It's partly because we 
have come out with a more modern model, but some slight issues in 
the performance being just some fine-tuning needs to be done. So we 
couldn't deliver some of the machines that we were supposed to in Q2. 
So hopefully, it will happen in Q3, if not and then we catch up with 
the backlog in Q4. So we are still sticking to that EUR 1 million to 
EUR 1.2 million loss in the Italian operations overall. 
 
Like I said, Markprint and Codeology are already profitable. So that's 
not a big operational issue for us, although we're expanding both. And 
yeah, so this is one change that's also partly because we've also been 
developing a lot of new products and we're increasing certain other 
types of expenses in terms of manpower so much, but like in terms of 
R&D and certain other costs in Italy, some stuff that was ignored over 
the last few years. 
 
So I think hopefully, next financial year that is we should be at least 
breakeven, if not profitable, but we should at least be breakeven. So 
like I said EUR 2.5 million to like between EUR 1.1 million, EUR 1 
million to EUR 1.2 million this year and hopefully breakeven next 
year if not more. 
 
Vineet Thakur: 
So the decrease in EBITDA and gross margin in H1 over H1 
consolidated and stand-alone, is it because of the Italian operations? 
Or is there any other reason for that? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Can you repeat that again, please? 
 
Vineet Thakur: 
The decrease in EBITDA and gross margins over last year in H1. Is 
they decrease because of the Italian operations? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Not sure if it's decrease compared to last year because last year. I think 
there is no decrease compared to last year. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Yes, there's no decrease compared to last year. It's similar to 60%, last 
year was 60.2% consol. This time at 59.9%. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I think what happened is depending on the situation, fundamentally, I 
don't think there's any gap between the two in the consolidated. But 
what's happened is, of course, like if you look at the loss in the last 
year versus this year, it's somewhat similar. In fact, I think it's slightly 
higher. So there are some other fluctuations in Forex and certain other 
things. I cannot -- like Jaideep will have all the numbers on his 
fingers. But fundamentally, our stand-alone business is increasing. 
 
Our profitability is increasing, and we should comfortably cross the 
₹100 crores stand-alone P&L in my opinion, like I'm talking about 
profit before exceptional items and tax, the profit before tax rather. 
We should cross ₹100 crores quite comfortably in our opinion this 
year in stand-alone business in India. And then, of course, depending 
on how the consolidation works out, there will be some minus. 
 
And then there's also some issues in terms of foreign exchange type 
things up and down, which Jaideep can explain. But so fundamentally, 
our stand-alone coding and marking on the Indian business is doing 
fine, even the Track and Trace business has picked up. And yeah, I 
think I'm not sure exactly where the consolidated versus this margin 
is. But Jaideep, maybe you can just take a look at this about the 
consolidated results versus the stand-alone results and the margins and 
that sort of thing. What I'm seeing is that we did 39.56% consolidated 
in the first half if everyone can see... 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, you're right Shiva. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
And we did 33.04. But okay, if I go one step up, what is this 4.06 in 
exceptional items. So 35.49 versus 33.0 would be one of those two. 
Either way, we are up, but I think like part of it is like certain expenses 
that have occurred, which like I said, I think our standalone business is 
doing well. If you can maybe get this back, Jaideep, I think this is one 
of the question is from everyone. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So the gap between the consolidated and standalone numbers is 
basically some losses what we've incurred in the Italian operations. 
Barring that, like both the Codeology even that is doing well. 
Markprint has also turned out to be profitable and the smaller Indian 
companies like even they are into profits now. So the gap is purely as 
a result of the Italian losses. 
 
Vineet Thakur: 
Okay. Since there's no MAT anymore, do you expect the taxation to 
be lesser? 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, Vineet, I could not get your question. 
 
Vineet Thakur: 
Since there's no MAT anymore, do you expect the taxation to be 
lesser? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
No, it would be at the rate what is about 17.5% what we've been 
carrying on. So the MAT benefit we had till 26th of May 2025, and 
now we'll go back to the normal regime. 
 
Vineet Thakur: 
Okay, that would be all from my side. Thank you very much. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Vineet. Anybody who wishes to ask a question, please use 
the option of raise hand. We will take the next question from Preeti 
Kadam. Please go ahead. 
 
Preeti Kadam: 
Yeah. So we have seen your revenue crossing ₹100 Cr in India this 
time, which is a new threshold. Can you explain the percentage 
breakup between printers and spares since your margin excluding 
Forex has improved? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So Preeti, to answer your question, see, we've got four different types 
of revenues under the coding and marking. So one is printers, 
consumables, spares and services. So for the Q2, it is 14%, 60%, 9% 
and 16%, 16%, yes. Preeti, you could get what I meant? 
 
Preeti Kadam: 
Yes. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, 14%, 16%, 9% and 16% for printers, consumables, spares and 
services. 
 
Preeti Kadam: 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Tushar Talwar. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
Thank you. My question was mainly around the Italian operations, V-
Shapes. The question is that in terms of how we see this business 
panning out in the future, are we following a similar model as we have 
in India, where we are going to sell the machine and then also have 
consumable sales on top of that? 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, absolutely. So I don't know how much you guys have read 
about the machine, but it's a patented technology of ours. So the 
machine -- okay, previously, they were selling machines and you were 
required to buy materials from them, but it was not enforced. 
 
We have locked the machine with certain sort of electronic 
countermeasures so that when you buy the packaging material, it is 
connected to our machine. You cannot use anyone else's packaging 
material in our machine. So the lock is enforced. Anyways, we have 
the patent, but just in case, we also have the electronic lock. So once 
you buy a machine, you have to use our packaging materials. Does 
that answer your question? 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
Yeah, it does. Yeah. So we'll be following a similar blueprint as we 
have done in India over the past few years, right? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I mean there are two different models, of course, like one is a coding 
and marking business, and this is more like a Tetra Pack type of 
business, which is cost. So yeah, I mean, you can say both of them 
have an aftermarket business, which is significant. But yes, I mean, of 
course one is a packing industry business and one (is a coding and 
marking). 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
Yes. That's primarily what I wanted to understand. And second and 
last question, you mentioned that there were some deliveries and all 
that were a little delayed. Are we following a strategy, are we making 
a margin on these initial machines that we are selling? Or are we just 
trying to drive adoption at this point in time? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, no. We make a margin on the machines, similar to all packaging, 
machinery companies also. 
 
Tushar Talwar: 
All right, thank you so much. That's all from my side. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Tushar. We'll take a question from the chat. It's from 
Aniket Sapre. He's saying, congratulations on great set of numbers. I 
wanted to understand from the management on impact on sale and 
revenue of revised packaging that may be required to reflect post GST 
reduction price tags on FMCG goods. If this will increase revenue 
since when is the impact likely to reflect? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I don't think anyone has recoded the pricing or anything from at least 
my knowledge. It would be too cumbersome to take material that 
you've already manufactured and reprint the price, the MRP on it. So 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
I'm not sure how exactly it was managed. But if you've taken your 
biscuits, you pack it in a bag, you pack that in a carton, you've taped it, 
you put it in your warehouse, it's going to cost you more to get that 
material back to reduce the price by whatever ₹1 or something then to 
trade the GST. 
 
I don't know how the government has handled it, but I don't think it's 
of any, at least to my knowledge, I cannot see any impact or customer 
requests for this specific thing. I don't know how it's been handled by 
the customers, but I don't see it being an impactful issue. What I do 
see is that the reduction in GST has somewhat definitely given a boost 
to the Packaging segment. 
 
So I feel there's a bit of bullishness in that space, in the FMCG or the 
pharma space, whichever guys who've gone from 12% to 5% or 
however they were positively affected in terms of GST rates. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Disha Seth. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Disha Seth: 
When you talk about V-Shapes turning around, so clearly, when 
you're saying a ₹12 crore loss for the full year, so for second half, we 
expect the V-Shapes to be in profit because in H1 only it has done a 
₹12 crore loss? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I mean CP Italy has done a loss of less than ₹12 crores, about ₹9.5 
crores to ₹10 crores. And what I said is so like about (Euros) 950,000 
approximately for H1. Jaideep, is that correct? So I think it's about 
(Euros) 950,000 approximately. And according to us, it will do 
between 1 -1.2. That's what we predicted. 
 
Like I said, we expected this quarter to be a lower loss, but it's also 
because we're not able to execute some machine orders because so we 
need to have some technical issues which are about to be resolved, if 
not already resolved. So we should be doing the FATs, the factory 
acceptance tests pretty soon, if not already begun. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Okay. And in terms of order book for V-Shapes, how are we getting 
the orders and how is that placed? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
How are we getting the orders as in like... 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
Disha Seth: 
As in which sector is giving order? And how is the order book? Like 
how much orders have we received and how much is there for the near 
future? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes. So I can't tell you about the order book specifically. Where we 
are seeing more traction is in the Nutraceutical segment in honey 
specifically, stuff like honey, Shilajit, some pharmaceuticals like 
Viagra, Kamagra type things. So it's a bit broad-based. a lot of people, 
co-packaging, we were not doing co-packaging much. Now we've 
started that in the last few months. 
 
So I think there's a lot of orders coming in that space now. So there are 
smaller orders because a lot of customers are not comfortable buying a 
machine, even the small machine is ₹1.8 crores and the big machine is 
like close to ₹5 crores. So a lot of people are not comfortable talking 
down ₹2 crores without testing the market first. So by opening the 
option for co-packaging small volumes for them, we're opening the 
market. 
 
So in our Nalagarh factory, we started a food packaging. It's like a 
Unit 2, so to say, Nalagarh Unit 2, which is basically for food, co-
packaging. So if some people come to us for small orders for 
packaging food and honey and mayonnaise or whatever it is, then we 
can execute that order from there and also one tie-up for the cosmetics 
space. So we're doing some of those packagings here and a lot of 
orders coming where people want 50,000 pieces, 100,000, 200,000 
pieces. 
 
So it's more about seeding the market. For us, it's more of a marketing 
strategy, but it's to grow the business. And in terms of the first part of 
the question, so I can't give you the order book, of course, but in terms 
of the orders, of course, we've got a sales team, and we meet 
customers in marketing, digital marketing strategies and LinkedIn ads 
and there's some different tools that are being used to create the 
demand for this. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Okay. And in terms of Codeology and the Markprint and QR tracing, 
which pharma company has done mandatory, so in that, how are we 
gaining traction? Can you brief us on that, please? And how much 
would be the revenue from that in the standalone business? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So we don't actually give any (division wise) breakup as yet of 
our revenues. Jaideep, is this correct? 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, correct. The divisional revenue, we don't give. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
But yes, I mean still fundamentally the coding and marking business is 
by far the largest business, I can say that. (Track and Trace) has 
picked up. I think it's hit a breakeven point, if not profitable. And we 
are working on two very large projects, so that's occupying all our 
mind space. 
 
If hopefully, if this is successful, then automatically, we would be on a 
different trajectory. Both these cases are more on a technology 
platform, the big two types of projects that we're trying to prove. And 
so if it's something we may not try to just meet the essential track and 
trace requirement from a compliance perspective, but doing something 
additional. So if that happens, then I think it could have a positive 
impact for us throughout the industry. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Good to hear that. And last question, we grew around like 12% for 
H1. So for coming three years, how much growth do we see because 
we have already sold our printers, so we can easily calculate the 
consumable sales. So at what rate do you plan to grow the company 
FY 2026 and going forward three years, 12%, we have grown H1, 
that's why. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So looking after the consolidated as of now all segments, So I don't 
know, I think we were like ₹202 crores in the standalone operations 
and ₹3.48 crores was the other income and ₹181 crores and ₹3 crores. 
So about similar like ₹185 crores and ₹206 crores, if I'm correct. And 
then in the consolidated, it was like about ₹20 crores additional, if I'm 
very approximately. So on a standalone basis, we still expect, like I 
said, if the market is growing 10%, 11%, we expect to grow faster 
than that in the coding and marking business. 
 
And depending on how the pickup of the track and trace business 
happens, these are the two primary businesses housed under Control 
Print. The digital printing part is sort of integrated into the track and 
trace and especially into the coding and marking. So it's not really 
separate. So yes, we're definitely expecting we would like to grow 
faster than the market. 
 
We would expect that if the market is growing at that 10%, 11% 
range, we should be at about, I think in the past, we said our target is 
15%, but yes, at least at the market growth rate. So we would expect 
to be about that rate on an annual basis. And on a consolidated basis, 
like I said, it's a different type of a situation because that's more of 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
course, we've got the track and trace, rather we've got the Markprint 
business and the Codeology business, which is more similar to the 
Indian business in terms of coding and marking in digital printing. 
 
The packaging business, which is the bigger part of the business is a 
very different business. So it's very difficult for us to predict how 
that's going to happen because even yeah, it's moving along. It's not 
exploded as yet, but we're making progress. That's the situation. We 
would definitely, I don't lie, and say that we would expect to have 
done better than what we are doing. There's a lot of interest, but 
converting that interest into sales has been a bit more difficult than 
what we envisaged. But yeah, there is sales, there is progress. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Sure. And just a last question. The Codeology and Markprint is in a 
subsidiary and Track and Trace is in stand-alone. Am I right? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
No. See Track and Trace is a division of Control Print Limited. 
There's no stand-alone entity for Track and Trace. 
 
Disha Seth: 
So that is a part of stand-alone results. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yes, it's a part of stand-alone results, correct. And Codeology is a 
subsidiary as well as Markprint is a subsidiary. 
 
Disha Seth: 
Great. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Disha. We'll take the next question from Awanindra Singh. 
Awanindra, please go ahead. 
 
We'll move on to Madhur Rathi. Madhur Rathi, please go ahead. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to understand regarding the 
GST benefits. And it seems that we were earlier a dominant player in 
the industrial segment. So can we expect to grow further just because 
the FMCG segment can provide us a good opportunity and we have 
less presence versus the industrial segment. So how should we expect 
about our growth going forward? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I'm a bit confused because there was something about GST in there. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yes, he went actually the change in the GST rates, would that impact 
our sales? I mean would we going for another... 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
We're still 18% in both cases. So I don't think it makes an impact to 
us. What has happened is recently because of the cut of GST rates, a 
few of the segments where the -- it's been a price cut as a result 
because the GST has reduced from 12% to 5% or so on. I think that 
those sectors are a bit bullish is what we feel, the customer a little bit 
bullish and we feel that there's a bit of a demand pickup. 
 
The second, how that translates into our sales, of course, is like a bit 
down the line. So if their product sales increases, then hopefully, the 
number of prints increases and that would result in some revenue 
growth for us. 
 
The second part is that, yeah, the industrial sales segment is still 
definitely the bigger segment for us. And we're still working on the 
Packaging segment, and we're still growing our sales in the Packaging 
segment. So we're growing in both segments. And yeah, we see 
growth in both segments. So like I said, if the market is growing at 
10%, 11%, we're expecting to grow at 15% or so in the -- that's what 
our target is in the stand-alone business, 15% plus. And like 15% for 
the coding and marking and then something extra because of the Track 
and Trace and whatever it is. So, yeah, that's sort of where we hope to 
be. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
So are we able to acquire more customers on the FMCG side where 
we were earlier -- that was a lower portion of our machine portfolio. 
So have we been able to acquire customers because growing at a faster 
rate than market would require us to at least gain market share in some 
segments. So I'm trying to understand on that front. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I think we're gaining customers. But, yeah, I mean, obviously, if we 
are growing faster than the market, then we're gaining customers. 
Some on the packaging side, I think in specific areas of the packaging 
side, definitely, we are gaining faster, not across the board, but it's 
very specific applications or some industries, yes. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
So when we say packaging customers, we mean FMCG packaging 
customers for the Coding and Marking segment, right? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Packaging is defined as food which would include everything under 
food, dairy, biscuits, ready-to-eat, staples and so on and so forth. Then 
it would be beverages, which again would be aerated beverages, 
alcohol, beer and then so on and so forth. The third segment would be 
personal care and home care, which would be what the traditional 
FMCG companies are like Unilever and the like. And the fourth 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
segment would be pharmaceutical. So for us, these are the four broad 
industries which comprise the packaging sector. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. I wanted to understand... 
 
Moderator: 
Madhur, please rejoin the queue. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
I'll do that. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take a question from chat from Rahul Koti. He says I see that we 
have done a record EBITDA margin in stand-alone business. Is this 
due to increased share of consumables? And if so, does this indicate 
the new normal in terms for sales of consumables? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Overall, like it's -- I don't think it's any specific thing, but it's maybe 
because of the operational leverage that we are getting in terms of the 
SG&A growing at a slower rate than the business. Jaideep, I think 
maybe you can explain this better. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So quite frankly, what happens is that the mix of the sales that actually 
is a determining factor for -- because the quality of the revenue 
improves, like consumables obviously give us like a continuous sales, 
but an increase in the printer business also leads to like a better 
product in printers. Like if we sell more of laser printers, obviously, 
the margins are going to be higher. 
 
But yes, we are definitely keeping a track on not just the procurement 
costs, but we're also keeping a track on the selling and general and 
administrative costs. So that's the reason why like we have an increase 
in the margin. But that said, we definitely want to outdo ourselves and 
do a better show and make sure that we are very lean in our operations 
going forward. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. His second question is on CapEx. Do we have to incur any 
CapEx with respect to consumables or printers? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. To answer your call, see, for the current existing Coding and 
Marking business, we are well within the capacity utilisation. So 
another one or two years, we don't foresee any major capital 
expenditure plans for the Coding and Marking business. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. We'll take the next question from Anuj J. Please go ahead. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
Anju J: 
Yeah. So it seems that your market share and your competitive market 
share is constant from a long period of time. I've seen that usually 
[Technical Difficulty] each competitor has some kind of moat or 
monopoly or a niche. If that's the case, what's your niche that none of 
the competitors are able to make a major dent in each other's market 
share? [Technical Difficulty]. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
We're not hearing anything clearly. 
 
Moderator: 
Anuj, you're not clear. 
 
 
Anuj while you sort outing the mic issues, let us first take a few 
questions from the chat. So first Neelu Singh would like to ask some 
questions. Neelu, you can unmute and ask. 
 
Neelu Singh: 
Thank you. I had two questions. One, Shiva just informed that we are 
seeding the market in small lots of ₹50,000 to ₹1 lakh for the V-
Shapes's pouches, right? So I just wanted to understand if -- is that a 
good revenue stream until we actually scale up the machinery business 
of V-shapes. This was the first question. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So I think, of course, it's a big revenue stream potentially. The 
main issue we were reluctant to do it is just because mentally we were 
not geared towards servicing like a lot of small orders and taking the 
responsibility of all that stuff rather than the customer buying the 
machine, taking the responsibility. 
 
So yeah, it is a good revenue stream, to be honest. It's not bad at all. 
There are customers who want to make even like lakhs a month and 
stuff like that. So it's not like a simple thing. It's just that for us taking 
the licenses, doing the other stuff, doing things off. First, we didn't 
want the distractions, but we have no choice. We have to do what we 
have to do. 
 
Neelu Singh: 
And is that income being booked in the Indian entity or V-Shapes 
Italy? How is that being accounted for? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So we're doing co-packaging here now. We've just started. And even 
in Italy, we have started. So before they didn't have the permission to 
do beyond sampling. Obviously, we couldn't do it in India, because we 
didn't have the licenses. We can also even right now only do specific 
products, which don't require a very high compliance in terms of the -- 
definitely in India, we've got taken something for the food, say we 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
don't do pharmaceutical or nutraceutical type products out here or 
there. 
 
So, yeah, it would be booked inside the companies. But, yeah, I think 
that the major, whatever we've done is now going to come more in the 
revenue and probably Q3, Q4 because something that we were not 
entertaining. Now we've gone back to customers and said that, okay, 
we can try to do it once for you. 
 
Neelu Singh: 
And there's an amount of work in progress of ₹764 lakhs, what is this 
amount for in the stand-alone numbers, capital work in progress? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
That actually relates to like some of the softwares development things 
what we are doing in the company, some enhancements to the SAP 
and the BI/BO projects. It also includes some portions of money 
which we have paid like as advanced lease for some facility. So we are 
taking a close stock of that. And yes, by the next quarter, we'll update 
you on the developments. 
 
Neelu Singh: 
Thank you. Best of luck. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question in the chat from Awanindra Singh. The 
first question is, what is the status of developing domestically 
manufactured consumables for V-Shapes machine? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. That project is very much on. So like I said in the earlier 
meetings, one of the big issues for us, especially in the European sales 
has been the lack of recyclability of our current packaging materials. 
And we've been working on developing a recyclable material. We 
think we've got something that's working at a certain level. 
 
Like I said, it's, of course, it's all a pilot, so nobody can predict what's 
going to happen. I just want to be very clear about that. It looks 
promising. It's looking like initially that it's working, but till 
everything is not proven, nothing is proven. But, yeah, so we wanted 
to go in India straight for the manufacturing, straight for the recyclable 
material rather than really invest in the current packaging material, 
which is not recyclable. 
 
And if our trials are successful over the next I don't know this quarter 
maybe, then if everything is through, then we'll be moving ahead on -- 
we lock into the current, so we're doing a variety of structures around 
a base structure, which we think is working to fine-tune exactly the 
exact final formulation and product. Once we do that and we put that 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
in, then we'll be starting to manufacture the same in India. And that 
should hopefully get the cost of the material down significantly. 
 
 
Also we are patenting the formulation that we are developing for our 
recyclable pack. So it will also be another lock on top of the systems 
for our existing patent, which is expiring in 2036 for the machine. But 
the recyclable material patent will also go from 2024 to 2044. So that 
will be another part... 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. His second question is, where are we with Track and Trace 
adoption since last time, you were talking about some pharma 
companies working on the implementation? And are we offering the 
service to other pharma companies as well? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
No, we are offering it across the board, but we're doing two intense 
cases like with two of the top five pharmaceutical companies in India. 
So those are two high potential cases because they're not conventional 
implementations, but this is more of a system solution. So I think if it 
works, it will be not necessarily a game changer, but it will definitely 
be like something significant, which will give us traction across the 
pharmaceutical industry. 
 
So right now, all our resources are focused on ensuring that these pilot 
projects are implemented perfectly. And of course, we've been going 
back and forth with some technical ups and downs on that area. But I 
think hopefully, we should have the option. If everything goes well, 
again, there's always a risk. But everything goes well, hopefully, we 
should have adoption and that will be the best marketing tool for the 
rest of the industry and in fact, globally also. 
 
Moderator: 
Sure. We'll take the next question from Saket. Saket you're requested 
to keep your questions down to two in the first round. Thank you. 
 
Saket: 
Yeah. Namaskar. I joined at the fag-end only. Just to put a very small 
question or perspective. With the type of investment that we have 
made and as Shiva has always communicated to us that we are in the 
mid of creating a very different organisation from the traditional and 
the conventional coding business. So how satisfied firstly, you are 
with the progress that we have achieved? And how soon, we will be 
reaching this critical mass, post which the aspect or the recognition 
will come into play. This is my question for Shiva. And for Jaideep... 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Saket, just one question. Let's just take one question, then you can 
hold on to the next question. So as we discussed, we're an Indian-

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
focused Coding and Marking business. And obviously, there's a 
ceiling in terms of what we can do. So for example, our estimation of 
the market this year is about ₹2,200 crores or something. So if you're 
already doing a certain business last year, I think we did ₹375 crores 
to ₹385 crores or ₹370 crores, ₹375 crores of turnover was coding and 
marking on about ₹2,100 crores, ₹2,200 crore market. 
 
So there's a ceiling in terms of how big we can just grow because, A, 
the customers are sticky. We are gaining market share and we are 
growing faster than the market. But, yeah, I mean there's a market size 
limitation and there's a stickiness limitation. So you cannot grow fast 
enough. 
 
And therefore, we entered more into the digital printing area for 
innovation and of course, also in terms of the track and trace and the 
packaging business. And also, we had a couple of foreign acquisitions 
and subsidiaries for the same. So what's happening is that in terms of 
coding and marking, we're quite happy. 
 
But we had the second half of the previous year and the first two, three 
months of this year were a bit slow, but we've given everyone a kick 
up their ass, frankly speaking. And I think some of the bigger cases 
and the other things are now really coming through, and we're 
expecting hopefully an accelerated run rate in the second half. And as 
you can see from our standalone results, it's also showing in terms of 
the financials. 
 
So I think we should comfortably, it seems that on a standalone basis, 
we should comfortably cross (profit of) ₹100 crores plus this year. Of 
course, it seems is my point. And we should continue that growth rate. 
And even looking at the pipeline, hopefully, that should continue over 
the next year or so. So that's a positive part. 
 
In terms of the track and trace, like I said, we've got two big things 
going on. They're very exciting. Now what's the final outcome, like I 
said, we've got some key patents out here, whether those customers 
are valuing those patents, obviously, they're doing this project at the 
very highest level. But till everything doesn't happen, nothing has 
happened. So again, like I'm saying we will see. 
 
I think maybe in six months, everyone will have a much better idea of 
what is happening out here. But we're very positive about what we've 
done. And the third thing, which is in the packaging business, 
definitely, like I said, there's a lot of interest still, whether for different 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
reasons in Europe, maybe some of the older V-Shapes machines, 
which were sold, they didn't get the service support, especially in the 
breakup. So people are not like when they went under liquidation, so 
people are not happy with them. 
 
But definitely, the lack of a recyclable option in a lot of cases in Asian 
countries and especially India, the cost per pack. So different issues 
that different people are facing but there's interest. And like I said, a 
lot of customers just aren't that keen to go straight into the machine 
because they've got an existing investment, either thermoform or 
sachet machines rather than going for our monodose or something 
else. 
 
So we're trying to now we pivoted towards like, okay, we will do 
some co-packaging for those customers so we can get more visibility 
in the market, put the product in the market and then prove the 
concept, and that will be a sort of self-sufficing growth. And the 
customer, if he's getting a success in the market, he's getting a better 
traction with our monodose compared to whatever the conventional 
packaging is, then automatically, he would be more inclined to 
purchase machinery from us and do the packing in his own factory, 
which is the best thing for everybody. 
 
So yes, I think that's still a challenge. It's still got a bunch of work to 
do. But I think in terms of the fact that -- in the fact that we've gone 
from a coding and marking company, which was licensing the 
technology mainly for their staff to the fact that we've got a whole 
bunch of developed technology, we've developed or acquired or we 
own. And most of our stuff is what we're looking forward is patented 
and has significant IP barrier. 
 
I think in terms of that journey, I'm very happy. And yeah, like 
personally, I'm very relaxed, like whether we get the rewards sooner 
or later, I know as a shareholder, it's a very different thing. But we 
definitely feel that if we have high-quality innovative solution 
combined with the reliability and the service that Control Print 
provides, we're going to be successful. 
 
Saket: 
I will ask my next question afterwards. Let the other person ask. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Hardik Bora. Please go 
ahead. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Hardik Bora: 
Hi, Shiva, Jaideep. Congratulations on a good result. This is just a 
small clarification from a discussion we had last quarter on the GST 
benefit at the Guwahati facility. You mentioned there was some ₹10 
crore per annum benefit, which has gotten over, and it's already 
reflecting in the current financials. I just wanted to confirm which line 
item in the P&L was that GST benefit coming? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Jaideep, did you get the question? This is relating to the Guwahati 
GST benefit. 
 
Moderator: 
I think Jaideep got disconnected. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay. Hardik, can you come back to that question later, please? 
Should we move on further. Is he back by the way? 
 
Moderator: 
Not yet, but we'll answer the question once he's back. 
 
Hardik Bora: 
No issues, Shiva. If he's on call, I'll take it from him. Otherwise, I'll 
take it offline. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, no worries. 
 
Hardik Bora: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Saketji, you can ask your question. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
It was also again to Jaideep only. So I will also wait till he comes up. 
So Shiva, just to conclude to what the very elaborate answer you gave 
that for our core business of coding domestically, we are now on a 
very, very strong footing with the type of sale of printers and now also 
the consumable sales and the gross margin inching up for the balance 
part of the year. 
 
And in terms of the other ventures, if I may use the word quote 
unquote there also, we are on verge of gaining good business to reach 
the critical mass in times to come. So this should be the good 
understanding of what you narrated to us currently. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So I think that like I said, the current coding and marking India 
business is doing well, and it is definitely generating certain amount of 
profitability, which is paying for everything else and still delivering 
shareholder results and the rest of it. But obviously, we've been 
investing that money and our time and bandwidth in the last two to 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
three, and in fact, in the last many years in R&D and other types of 
things. 
 
And that was to, like I said, to grow the other businesses. Now like my 
point, which I've made earlier is like when you're doing something 
that's different, so we expect that the India Coding and Marking/digital 
printing, which is almost like an add-on of our coding and marking 
business. So we know that well. That's not a problem. We have the 
technology for that. We've been developing it for years. We're happy 
with that part. 
 
Specifically regarding the track and trace business and the packaging 
business and then obviously, the international subsidiary, it's a longer-
term play, and it's an innovation-based business. So we hope that it 
will be successful. But like I said, there's always a risk because in 
terms of execution, in terms of competition and stuff like that. 
 
But right now, it's looking positive, and I see nearer-term results in the 
QRiousCodes division. And in the packaging business, of course, it's 
got even much bigger potential, but it may take a bit more time 
because we are going step by step, it's seeming that, yes, that's what it 
is. I think Jaideep is back on. And now everyone can put their 
questions to Jaideep. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Jaideep, for this quarter, we have done this reclassification for foreign 
exchange fluctuation. And then again, in the cash flow, there is one 
mention of about transfer from exchange fluctuation translation 
reserve. If you could explain these two line items and where will we 
see this reserve line item in the balance sheet? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Correct. So the reason why we have done this is like to make or to 
ensure a better presentation of the foreign exchange fluctuations. 
Normally, it goes and sits as part of the other income. But what has 
happened is that the dollar has actually depreciated vis-a-vis the euro 
in the Q2 as a result of which like the fluctuations were very severe. 
 
And we did not want to you like club it either into the other income or 
the other expenses figure so as to distort that. So just for the sake of a 
better presentation, what we've done is that we have disclosed it as a 
separate line item in the figures which we have disclosed. Because 
what happens is that in the next quarter, the trend might get reversed. 
So we don't want our operating revenue or our operating expenses to 
get distorted by virtue of these particular fluctuations. And that's why 
we have inserted a separate line item over here. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. I'll take it offline. This is a large difference, standalone and the 
consol level. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, yeah, sure. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Saket. Hardik, you can unmute and ask your question. 
 
Hardik Bora: 
Yeah, hi. Jaideep, actually, the question was that there was some GST 
benefit on our Guwahati facility, I believe, for five years probably. 
And that got expired and it's not there anymore. Last quarter's call, 
you guys had mentioned it was about ₹10 crores per year. So my 
question was, which line item in the income statement was that benefit 
coming through? So we can understand when we do the YoY 
comparison that it's not there. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So I tell you, this benefit got over on the 26th of May 2025. And the 
yearly benefit was about ₹8.5 crores. And what we should do is that 
we used to include it as part of the sales. So you would find that in the 
revenue from operations. 
 
Hardik Bora: 
Okay. So to that extent, the year-on-year comparisons would look a 
little weaker because there is no GST benefit in our revenue going 
forward? At least in the time that is in the base? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. Actually, it would look better because like we would not have 
the GST benefit in this year. So that would be a fair comparison. So 
the performance in this year would be like better because last year's 
performance did include that GST benefit. 
 
Hardik Bora: 
I understood. Got it. That was the tune of ₹8 crores to ₹8.5 crores. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, ₹8.5 crores, yes. 
 
Hardik Bora: 
And it is fair to say that would completely be flowing down to the 
profit level because there's no associated cost with it. So that's the… 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
You are right. We do not have any associated costs. You're right. 
 
Hardik Bora: 
Okay, that's it from my side. Thank you for the call and the 
commentaries. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Hardik. We'll take the next question from Rahul Koti. 
Please go ahead. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
 
Rahul Koti: 
Hello, team. Congratulations on the good set of numbers. So I had 
earlier asked a question regarding the EBITDA margin. So the answer 
what I got was like it is due to maybe operating leverage and not one 
segment is responsible for the record EBITDA. So this standalone, we 
have done like around 28% EBITDA. That's what I saw in the 
presentation. So my question would be, if going forward, if our run 
rate is around similar ₹200 crores right? So would our EBITDA be on 
the similar level going forward? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. Fundamentally, if the revenue levels are maintained, we should 
see a similar EBITDA. It's very difficult to completely predict. I don't 
think the EBITDA has risen as much as compared to last year. I think 
that it's just that some, part of it is also the fact that we are funding 
losses for one or two other divisions like the QRiousCodes and the 
other stuff. And like I said, we don't give exact breakup division by 
division. 
H 
So yes, unless other things fall back -- like we also invest in the Indian 
packaging business for the Indian part of the V-Shapes and so on. So 
those things don't aren't in a loss, then fundamentally, this is yeah, the 
coding. Right now, they're not making money, I can tell you that, but 
they're not, I don't think they're losing money. So I think 
fundamentally, this is yeah, what we're seeing is the coding and 
marking business. 
 
Rahul Koti: 
Yeah. Because if you look at our like history, right, so on a 
standalone, we are always around like 23% to 25% EBITDA, right? 
So we always have like done around that. I don't think so we have 
crossed 25%, maybe we reached 27%, but 28%, I have never seen like 
-- I have been invested in your company from last like almost eight 
years. So I have been like tracking your numbers from like long back. 
So I have never seen like 28.5% EBITDA. So that's why I was curious 
on knowing that. 
 
And in future, right, maybe in the next 12 months, we would be 
crossing beyond ₹100 crores on a standalone basis quarterly. So would 
that operating leverage kick in and EBITDA would be like even 
higher? Like any guidance, any ballpark what you guys are working 
with, like any number you guys are targeting going forward? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
You said that, so I think that our revenue would grow, like I said, in 
our coding and marking business. I don't know if you were there 
earlier in the call, but we said that we should continue growing at 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 02:30 PM IST 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
about 15-ish percent. In this year, at least, we don't know what's going 
to happen in the future and the market is growing at about 10% to 
11%. 
 
So yeah, we would hope that the operating leverage continues to 
improve. Like I said, part of it is an operating leverage effect and part 
of it is the fact that we were funding losses for the last couple of years. 
 
So maybe the numbers were actually better last year and the year 
before that. But I don't know I think I mentioned quite clearly in our 
investor con call that some of the divisions and some of the other 
things were at a loss and we were more investing in it. 
 
Now a couple of things have -- so even if the QRiousCodes business 
breakeven, and we don't have to fund it like it's not negative, it would 
have shown up as negative. So I think it's a bit of both. So obviously, 
fundamentally, what you're saying is it sustainable. And I think that, 
yeah, unless some other things slip back into some issue in terms of 
the packaging or the QRiousCodes or whatever, I think it's 
sustainable. 
 
Rahul Koti: 
Okay. Yeah, that's what I wanted to know whether this is sustainable 
because these are like record numbers from your end and wait to see 
those numbers back. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rahul. Since that was the last question, would you like to 
give any closing comment? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I just want to thank everyone for taking time to attend our call and 
very happy to answer these questions. My best wishes to everyone. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. Thank you, everybody. Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you to all the participants for joining on this call. 
This brings us to the end of today's conference call. Thank you. 
