 
 
 
 
 
TBO Tek Limited 
 
CIN: L74999DL2006PLC155233 
✉ info@tbo.com | 



 +91 124 4998999 
궼
궾
궽Registered Office Address: E-78 South Extension Part- I, New Delhi-110049, India 
궼
궾
궽Corporate Office Address: Plot No. 728, Udyog Vihar Phase- V Gurgaon-122016 Haryana, India  
 
Your booking experience starts at www.tbo.com   
November 10, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
Dalal Street,  
 
 
 
 
 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 001, Maharashtra, India   
 
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 544174 
 
 
 
 
Scrip Symbol: TBOTEK 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
  
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we are enclosing 
herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on November 3, 2025, in relation to the 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the above disclosure on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully 
For and on behalf of TBO Tek Limited 
 
 
 
Neera Chandak  
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
Digitally signed by NEERA CHANDAK
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, OID.2.5.4.65=
DC97DAFE120E24CF7E05A5D468F33C1F, 
Phone=
eed1df5737ac6c20c8e6610ecfe90212c6ab39
350d41eabc6d52aa33ea17fc92, PostalCode=
201014, S=Uttar Pradesh, SERIALNUMBER=
231B3BB4812657F595408F563F07BFA8FB
CC0E761114BF2E14710F31518A9C21, CN=
NEERA CHANDAK
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2025.11.10 10:39:12+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 13.2.0
NEERA 
CHAND
AK

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TBO Tek Limited  
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
November 3rd, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKUSH NIJHAWAN, CO-FOUNDER AND JOINT MD 
                                 MR. GAURAV BHATNAGAR, CO-FOUNDER AND JOINT MD 
                                 MR. AKSHAT VERMA, WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND CTO 
                                 MR. VIKAS JAIN, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
                                 MR. ANIL BERERA, ADVISOR 
                                 MR. PRAMENDRA TOMAR, GENERAL COUNSEL 
                                 MR. SHRESHTH MAHAJAN, ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR-INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
   MODERATOR:  MR. SNIGHTER ALBUQUERQUE, ADFACTORS PR: INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Good evening everyone. I am Snighter Albuquerque from Adfactors PR Investors Relations. 
On behalf of TBO Tek Limited I would like to welcome you all to the Earnings Conference 
call for Q2 and H1 FY26. 
 
Today on the call we have with us from the management, Mr. Ankush Nijhawan: Co-
Founder and Joint Managing Director, Mr. Gaurav Bhatnagar: Co-Founder and Joint 
Managing Director, Mr. Vikas Jain: Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Anil Berera: Advisor, Mr. 
Akshat Verma: Whole-time Director & CTO, Mr. Parmendra Tomar: General Counsel and 
Mr. Shreshth Mahajan: Associate Director - Investor Relations. We will begin the call with 
a brief opening comments from the management followed by a Q&A session. 
 
Please note that certain statements made during this call may be forward-looking in 
nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that 
could cause the actual results or projections to differ materially from those statements. 
TBO Tek will hold no responsibility for any such actions taken based on such statements 
and undertakes no obligations to publicly update these forward-looking statements. 
 
I would like to hand the call over to Gaurav Bhatnagar now for his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you Gaurav. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Thank you Snighter. Good evening everyone and welcome to our Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings 
Call. 
 
Just prior to the call we have shared a detailed shareholder letter on the website in investor 
relation section just like we did last time, and we believe that format works better where 
we give you all the chance to review the numbers and then spend more time on Q&A. I will 
just take a minute to summarize the results and then we will jump straight into Q&A. 
 
Q2 FY26 was an exciting and eventful quarter for us. As you all know this is a peak travel 
period for most of northern hemisphere which is reflected in our results as well. 
Historically Q2 has been our strongest quarter and it is the same this year as well. We are 
happy to report that after the macroeconomic headwind and the geopolitical challenges 
that we faced in Q1, we had a relatively stable and growing quarter in Q2. 
 
The GTV grew by 12% largely aided by faster growth nearly 20% growth in the hotels 
business. GP grew by 19% which is growing faster than GTV again because the mix is 
changing towards hotels and there is slight improvement in retention as well on the hotels 
business. The EBITDA before M&A cost, as we acquired Classic Vacations this quarter and 
the cost is appearing in our numbers but before M&A cost we delivered an adjusted 
EBITDA of Rs. 104 Cr which is a 16% growth as compared to same quarter last year. You 
will see that the gap between GP growth and adjusted EBITDA growth is narrowing down 
now which is a reflection of the increasing operating leverage in the business. Apart from 
this the other big event in this quarter was the acquisition of Classic Vacation. As of 1st 
October, the transaction has been closed and Classic Vacation has started to integrate into 
the business. You will start to see numbers from Classic getting consolidated in our 
numbers starting Q3 onwards. 
 
With that we will open the floor for questions. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you so much Gaurav. We will now begin the Q&A sessions. Participants are 
requested to raise their virtual hands to ask questions. We request you to introduce 
yourself and the firm you represent before going ahead. We will wait for the Q&A or for 
the question queue to assemble. 
 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
We will take the first question from Manish Adukia. Manish, please unmute yourself and 
go ahead with the questions. 
 
Manish Adukia: 
Thanks for taking my question. Good evening team. Really appreciate the detailed 
shareholder letter and the disclosures. I have couple of questions. First, congratulations on 
completing the Classic transaction versus the last time we spoke when you had done the 
call to announce the Classic transaction. I would love to get a little bit more detail around 
how that business may change your growth and margin profile. I think your business of 
course this quarter did mid-20s revenue growth, 20% GP growth. Classic, from whatever 
you have shared in the past last few years has not shown any meaningful growth at least. 
So, now with classic integrated from the December quarter, over the next one to two years, 
do you see TBO's overall growth profile as resetting lower versus what you were 
delivering? Maybe the growth may be slightly more profitable but just want to get your 
overall sense on how classic integration could change the growth profile of the business. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Manish, I think that is a very fair question. One, it is very early and premature for us to be 
able to comment on the combined businesses growth profile. The way we are looking at it 
right now is that Classic at a top line at a GTV level would still be contributing roughly 500 
million on a GTV basis on a total base of roughly three and a half billion dollars. From a 
GTV profile perspective, Classic adds to the denominator but not so significantly for us to 
have a big drag. I think the bigger challenge is going to be to look at the revenue and GP 
profile of Classic because Classic does operate at a much higher revenue at almost 22% of 
take rate and 11% of GP. Now, two things are going to happen over there. Yes, absolutely 
this from a revenue perspective it will add meaningfully large number to our existing 
revenue. On a GP basis, I think the business is more similar to our business. Yes, it is slightly 
more accretive in terms of what it generates in as a percentage of GTV but at that line we 
should be able to find in the short term growth synergy to drive GP continue to drive GP at 
a similar rate as before. The other bit is there are a couple of pockets of opportunity and 
we will talk a little bit about it later as well. For example, India is starting to come back 
from you know a period of de-growth to flatten more so that is an open opportunity for us 
to add up to the overall growth in the subsequent quarters and years. Secondly, as a base 
US is a very large market right. So the question that we need to answer is; can we unlock 
you know 15% - 20% kind of growth in that business given that the size of the market is 
very large and the business is right now owned by a private equity as against a strategic 
that is the only bit we need to answer for rest of the engines are shooting at higher than 
20% growth as you would see in a shareholder letter as well. Most regions are actually 
delivering even maturing regions like Middle East are delivering 20% plus growth so we 
remain confident I do not want to comment that will that overall growth profile remain 
same at the bottom line absolutely it should accelerate at the top line we are still confident 
that we will find ways to get similar growth profile but too early to comment in a definitive 
manner. 
 
Manish Adukia: 
Thank you Gaurav. I really appreciate that response and that statement that you made 
about ability to unlock that 15% to 20% growth in Classic for a period of time whether that 
happens or not. I mean I am sure you have a structure in place in terms of how you think 
about the growth getting to 15%, - 20% for classic but like could that be like a two-year 
journey five-year journey I mean for you to get there would that require a lot of 
investments in Classic and could the journey be more like a near term or could that be like 
a much more longer term journey for classic to you know get to those kind levels of 
growth? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
I think in the short term what I would expect is that we would see a faster synergy 
realization on the bottom line and the reason I say this is because we have seen happen in 
our previous acquisition as well is that we do have a significantly larger supply pools that 
will be plugged into the Classic ecosystem. Usually, these synergies first start showing up 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
in margin expansion within the existing business and hence the bottom lines will show 
some improvement to begin with. Subsequent to that, again the same question come that 
we have been grappling with as well how much of that bottom line improvement you want 
to push back into the top line but broad theme, will remain saying that it is going to be 
profitable growth we are not looking at taking any further cash from the core business to 
accelerate growth in Classic. The Classic investment thesis was that this business will be 
profitably growing without any further investment and we stick to that. I do not think it is 
a five-year journey it should be shorter than that now whether it is a one-year journey or 
a three-year journey that is hard to say but if we do not find growth levers in two years we 
will not find them. 
 
Manish Adukia: 
Very helpful maybe just one or two quick follow-ups on, you mentioned GP to EBITDA 
growth has now started to converge in your previous call you had mentioned that a lot of 
investments will be done by this fiscal year in the core business. So, is it safe to assume that 
let us say at least starting next fiscal year EBITDA growth should start outstripping GP 
growth for the business? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
I think that is a fair assumption for the core business and we have shared it in our 
shareholder letter as well. YoY quarterly SG&A growth is starting to slow down now. We 
expect that trend to continue for the next couple of quarters as well. So, you are right 
Manish that we would expect operating leverage to flow through and EBITDA should start 
accelerating faster than GP in the subsequent quarters. 
 
Manish Adukia: 
Just my last question. India business of course encouraging to see the growth now starting 
to at least stabilize. Do we have any view on the outlook of that business I mean it is 
stabilized now from here on should it accelerate should it stay in the current range and 
within that just the hotel versus air bit like hotel of course doing better than air today but 
on the air is there like meaningful scope for acceleration? Would love to get your thoughts. 
Thank you for taking my questions. 
 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
Of course, again repeating hotel business is our core theme of the company right I mean 
for obvious reasons which all of us know. So, that is something we will keep building on. 
Air is definitely we had to arrest the de-growth because it is a big hook for us. First to make 
sure that our penetration continues in India plus helps us to sell our non-air business as 
well and all of us know the growth which the aviation is going to see in India, being a leader 
already in that space we still want to control and ensure that we are a very serious relevant 
player for the airlines which will obviously help us to penetrate more, create stickiness 
amongst our travel agents and help us to cross sell hotel products so that remains the 
theme. It is in the right direction and we do anticipate growth going forward you know as 
we move into this quarter as well as 2026. 
 
Manish Adukia: 
Thanks a lot thanks for taking my questions. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thanks Manish. We move to the next participant Karan Uppal. Karan, request you to please 
introduce yourself and the company you represent and go ahead with your question. 
 
Karan Uppal: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. This is Karan Uppal from Phillip Capital. Good quarter, 
congratulations on that. Three questions from my side. Firstly on the monthly transacting 
buyers so very smart addition in the international markets, the growth rate is really strong 
so can you elaborate which particular markets or countries are doing well, where SG&A 
expenses are showing results and where you can catch up? That’s my first question. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Okay. Karan the good news is that active agent growth has been largely secular across 
almost every region. It has also translated to new business growth particularly well in 
Europe for us right now and parts of Middle East. Those are two regions where we have 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
actually seen that not only have it added new customers they have immediately started 
delivering as well. Part of it is just the nature of those markets because each travel agent is 
worth much more because these are richer country with per capita travel spend is much 
higher. On the other hand markets like APAC have shown a large growth in the number of 
transacting buyers because each transaction is smaller in value they are still not very 
significantly contributing to the top line. Now the hope is that these travel agents as they 
mature into from a T1 or T5 to a T10, T20 transaction. Hopefully Q4, Q1, Q2 next year they 
will also start meaningfully delivering. Broadly speaking, I think almost every region has 
seen a strong growth both on new agent addition as well as business given by the new 
customers. 
 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay that is great to hear. Secondly in terms of the markets, Europe and Middle-East are 
our largest markets and the growth you know smartly recovered in this quarter. So, now 
post Classic acquisition how should we think about the growth in these two markets which 
are almost 60% of the GTV contribution for us? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
I think from a percentage of GTV contribution and saliency perspective, obviously US has 
also become significantly large for us now. I think combined TBO core business and Classic 
business will be north of $700 million, $800 million GTV so that will just change saliency a 
little bit. The growth profile for Europe and Middle East standalone should not be affected 
at all. The way our business operates is that each of these regions run fairly independently 
while sharing supply and platform as a common lever. So, these businesses should 
continue to see the benefits of all the new agent addition all the investments done over 
there in the growing our sales team. So, I would not see them getting impacted either way 
because of addition of Classic. Their share of wallet of the overall TBO business will reduce 
because we have now added significantly larger GTV in North America. 
 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. A related question to that is since Classic source market is mainly in US. With respect 
to cross selling it to, let us say Europe and Middle East. So, can we expect this numbers 
which you are reporting can they accelerate from here because of Classic integration? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
The Classic integration will have one supply benefit that Classic has access to about 1500 
luxury, and ultra-luxury hotels which many of them were not directly working with TBO 
in the past. Those hotels will become available to the broader TBO ecosystem in due course 
of time.  Classics technology still needs to be integrated which will take some time but once 
that happens, we should see overall benefit of that in the entire ecosystem. In Europe and 
in the Middle East, it is very hard to quantify right away; as to how much of that upside is 
going to be and also not very easy to quantify that how much of that upside is actually 
margin expansion bottom line upside and how much of it is just new growth that happens 
because of it. So, very early days but you are right that the supply that we get access to 
because of Classic should benefit our overall bigger broader TBO ecosystem as well. 
 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay great last question from my side is, the gross margin in the hotels and ancillary 
business second quarter in a row is in the mid-60s, this number used to be around 70%. 
Last time you mentioned that the contribution from the commission business was a bit 
higher so was that the same phenomena this quarter as well? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Yes, our revenue has grown you know significantly faster than GP and we have made a note 
of this in our shareholder letter as well. Essentially what is happening is that when the 
share of wallet of suppliers who work on a commissionable model increases in any specific 
quarter then all of that commission obviously flows back into revenue; but then part of 
that commission gets shared as netted off when we come down to the GP line and hence in 
such quarters you will see revenue run faster than GP.  
 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Vikas Jain: 
Just to add Karan; if you see GP as a percentage of GTV it has been almost flat. It has 
marginally grown from 5.5% to 5.6%. 
 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Just one clarification. With regards to this commission versus take rate, what is the 
broad split right now in the hotels naturally at this point of time? 
 
Vikas Jain: 
In terms of the GTV contribution it would be approx, 35% of GTV is coming from the 
commissionable model. 
 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Great. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thanks Karan. We move to the next participant Swapnil Potduke. Please unmute yourself 
please also introduce yourself and the company that you represent and go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Swapnil Potduke: 
Thanks for the opportunity. First of all congrats on a good set of numbers. I would like to 
start with the Classic accounting policies. I want to understand over here is like how do 
you book the GTV in Classic? Do you book it at the time of a customer making the 
transaction or is it at the time of travel? Also, a related question to that this is that how 
should we see the seasonality playing out in the classic business particularly? 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Currently the numbers, Classic has been reporting in their historical financials the GTV 
numbers have been reported basis the time of travel. However, considering our accounting 
policies that we record GTV based on the booking basis; we are working on to arrive the 
numbers that we would be reporting in the subsequent quarters based on our accounting 
policy. So, there would be some change in the way that historically Classic has been 
reporting the numbers and the way it would get consolidated in our numbers. 
 
Swapnil Potduke: 
How would that affect your seasonality? How should we look at that business affecting 
your quarterly numbers? 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Give us time for this quarter. I still to have those numbers exact numbers based on the 
booking related to the near to the last cancellation date etc. We will share more insights 
about the same in the next quarter. 
 
Swapnil Potduke: 
Okay. The next question is on your LatAm business whether growth over there has been 
10%; while the rest of the portfolio is firing good enough, when do we expect the growth 
to you know recover back to let us say 20s or around those that growth number? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
LatAm as a region is facing significant headwinds, in fact some of some growth has revived 
but there have been just structural challenges over there. One, some of it is beyond our 
control we talked about the IOF tax which remains an ongoing issue because it does make 
outbound travel more expensive and harder for us to do that business. The second 
challenge is that their currencies still remain volatile and given their booking windows are 
very long in the sense they book significantly in advance, it creates a little bit of currency 
FOREX risk for us as well. We have taken some action and hence you have seen some 
growth come back. I would not hazard a guess on how quickly we can get this into say 20% 
kind of growth as yet because there are factors you know which are rapidly changing and 
are really beyond anybody's control at this point in time. Having said that, from a saliency 
perspective this has not a very major impact on the overall numbers for us. We are tracking 
closely and are driving for higher growth in Q3 but very hard to say that will it come back 
to 20 plus kind of a growth very quickly. 
 
Swapnil Potduke: 
Got it and a question on your organic margin given that going ahead we will have Classic 
also integrated in our numbers. So, let us just assume your business grows 20% in the 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
hotels business next quarter also, will it be fair to say; that except Classic we will still see 
operating leverage on a YoY basis and because on QoQ basis there will be seasonality; but 
on a YoY basis we should expect operating leverage playing out and some bit of margin 
expansion except Classic. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Swapnil, the original thesis remains and we have been really anchoring around Q4 but the 
number that we are tracking right now is that how is SG&A YoY slowing down because we 
had a very strong high 25% to 30% SG&A growth in the beginning of this calendar year on 
YoY basis. That is definitely slowing down much more in our control. The GP growth should 
continue at a certain pace minus the seasonality. So yes; you are right to say that ex of 
Classic we should see EBITDA catch up with GP and eventually overtake GP as well. We are 
anchoring more around Q4 right now given that Q3 historically is the leanest of all quarters 
for us. 
 
Swapnil Potduke: 
Okay got it. One question on your cash flows also, this quarter it seems your cash flow 
conversion on OCF2 EBITDA seems to have dipped a bit. Any particular reason that you 
can call out why that has changed from historical trends here? 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Yes. Specifically in the Brazil market, it works on an installment basis and we earlier used 
to anticipate those installments to get the funds up front but what we have realized is that 
the cost of anticipation is much higher. We have experimented this quarter and we do not 
do anticipation but instead of that we have a negative working capital. So, instead of 
anticipating the same, we have kind of done away with that practice and try to hedge our 
FOREX risk and that is what has impacted some bit on the working capital side but we are 
still evaluating that experiment and if it makes sense we will continue with it in the future. 
 
Swapnil Potduke: 
Got it. Just one question on your amortization policy also. There has been some bit of 
amortization in your balance sheet of this quarter, intangibles. So, any and that number, if 
I look at FY25 full year and the half year for this then the number seems to be the same. It 
seems like there is some acceleration on amortization cost possibly some R&D related 
costs. If you can just help explain that? 
 
Vikas Jain: 
So, it is primarily not. I would say not much increase in the amortization of the intangible 
per se even some I would say minor increase in the capitalization, that would have led to 
some increase in the amortization cost over time and secondly at times like some projects 
would get capitalized and would get amortized over a period of five years but in some time 
where the project life is short. The amount gets amortized over three years, so our policy 
is that amortization of the intangible will happen between three to five years and so that 
that would also have some impact on the numbers which we report on the amortization. 
 
Swapnil Potduke: 
Got it Vikas. Just last one on your ESOP. There has been some decline in the ESOP QoQ Rs. 
4 Cr delta. Is this the new render that we should be looking at? 
 
Vikas Jain: 
No. This is actually one offs due to the reversal of the sum of the cost because of the 
resignees in this quarter. The cost that we were seeing in the last quarter is around I would 
say Rs. 7 Cr a month should continue in the upcoming quarter based on the grants that 
have been issued till 30th of September. Obviously the further grants get issued in this 
quarter the cost may change. 
 
Swapnil Potduke: 
Got it. Thanks a lot guys for the opportunity and all the best for your future quarters. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Thanks Swapnil. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
We will move to the next caller Mr. Sucrit Patil. Please introduce yourself and the company 
you represent and go ahead with your question. 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Sucrit Patil: 
Good evening. My name is Sucrit Patil and I am from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. I 
have a forward-looking question. As travel platforms get more tech driven and inventory 
access becomes easier, what is TBO Tek doing to build a strong edge not just through 
technology or supply but through something deeper that makes the platform hard to 
replace?  
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
We have to look at the platform in totality to understand where it creates modes and 
network effects. There are two sides and one is yes the supply side which is increasingly 
getting tech enabled. Having said that the supplier especially the larger hotel chains and 
larger hotels are getting very selective in who they want to work with. So, the scale allows 
us to make sure that if they select to work with a handful of players we have among those 
handful of players. For a new entrant it is increasingly harder to get access to that supply. 
On the demand side the business is far more fragmented because we are servicing the 
travel agent market which is millions a travel agencies across hundreds of countries. To 
aggregate this demand at a global scale is quite hard which is a combination of a tech play 
but also the feet on street that we set up the local infrastructure that we set up for local 
support, local payments, customizing supply for and the user experience for different parts 
of the world. Both have to come together and at scale for a business like this to be 
recreated. So, our belief is that as the size of the network grows especially on the demand 
side it becomes harder and harder to recreate this business and the network effects make 
it that much easier for us to grow faster vis-a-vis competitors who are new to the market 
or who may be one or two country players. 
 
Sucrit Patil: 
Okay and my final question is to Mr. Vikas Jain. As you invest more in tech and expand 
globally, how are you making sure the company stays efficient and what cost levers do you 
think will help protect the margins over the next few quarters? I am just trying to 
understand how you are going to balance growth and innovation with long-term margin 
stability. Thank you. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
As Gaurav had pointed out that in coming what we have been in investment phase 
specifically, I would say on our sales feet on street across the global markets and as the 
same is nearing finalization we will be seeing operating levels coming in specifically the 
SG&A growth would be lower than the growth in our gross profit and thus we anticipate 
that EBITDA growth should be faster than the revenue or the gross profit growth in future. 
 
Sucrit Patil: 
Thank you. I wish the entire team best of luck for Q3. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Thank you. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thanks Sucrit. We move to the next caller Mr. Moez Chandani. Please introduce yourself 
and go ahead with the question. 
 
Moez Chandani: 
Good evening. This is Moez I am calling from Ambit Capital. My first question was on the 
APAC markets, which saw very good growth in the APAC markets nearly 40% plus. Now 
given that this is still a small market for you, is this something that you think will continue 
to keep growing at this 40% rate or do you think that growth would maybe taper off at 
some point in these markets? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Coming on a smaller base in a relatively large market we are seeing high double-digit 
growth in that market right now. A lot of this growth is driven by new markets specifically 
Australia which we count as a part of APAC in our business where we have seen good 
traction. It is very hard to comment and give such a specific guidance on where this growth 
will sit in subsequent quarters but I can just generally talk about how we see the market. 
It is a very large, it is the world's most populated market and the largest travel market in 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
terms of number of passengers may not be necessarily the largest in terms of travel spent 
but in number of passengers. So, if you look at the runway for growth in these markets, 
there are just immense source markets that we have barely touched. Australia is very small 
for us but growing at a very fast pace. We are somewhat penetrated in Indonesia but again 
it is a very large market compared to our presence over there. We have not even touched 
markets like Japan and Korea as yet and no immediate plans in the next few quarters as 
well.  
 
                                                       So, if I was to look at a three to five year view on this market it should be very large for us 
because that is how it is eventually going to be one of the larger global markets and hence 
our business should mirror that. Today you will see it is one of the smallest markets for us. 
There is a runway for growth but very difficult to comment that will this specific growth 
rate continue, will it accelerate or decelerate over the next few quarters. 
 
Moez Chandani: 
Okay. Got it, understood. The next question was on your adjusted EBITDA margins, x of the 
one offs they have seen a very sharp improvement. Now is there a particular target EBITDA 
margin that you have in mind post which you would rather reinvest in growth or rather 
than focus on margins or do you think that there is this is more or less a steady state in 
terms of incremental margins going forward? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
We do expect to improve margins from here because like we discussed earlier in the 
subsequent quarters we would see a slowdown in growth, in SG&A on a YoY basis while 
top line should continue to grow. So, we would expect margins to expand. Now the 
question on how you know till to what extent they can grow and at what point you start 
reinvesting some of those margins back into the business, is would be conjecture at this 
point in time.  
  
                                                      Our first focus is that demonstrate that the investments that we have made in first half of 
this calendar year have a fairly quick payback period, over the next 12-18 months this 
translates into higher operating margin and then expanding of EBITDA margin, so the 
operating leverage does flow through. We had taken a very considered call last year when 
we discussed on how we think your investment to say that let us take all of the margin 
expansion because of operating leverage and reinvest into the business and hence the 
general view for us was that as long as the bottom line grows in line with top line we are 
satisfied because this is an investment into the future. We will have to take similar calls for 
subsequent years as well but it is very premature to say that what those calls would be and 
what percentage of operating leverage would you want to reinvest in the business but we 
remain committed to expanding the EBITDA margin on the core business minus the CV 
business for the next several quarters. 
 
Moez Chandani: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you and best of luck. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Thank you Moez. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thanks Moez. The next question is from Raghav Malik. Raghav I request you to please 
introduce yourself and the company you represent and go ahead with your question. 
 
Raghav Malik: 
Thank you for the opportunity. This is Raghav from Jefferies. The first question just on the 
air business we have seen GTV expand like a turnaround after a few quarters but the take 
rate seems to have shrunken. Could you elaborate where the competition mainly is coming 
from is it more on the OTA side or are you facing more competition on the B2B side for the 
air business? 
 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
It is a business which everybody is trying to win a buy. So, yes it will not be fair to say that 
one particular com set is kind of competing with us including OTAs as well as our own B2B 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
peers right. So, everybody's fighting for that chair. It is not one particular segment we are 
competing with. I think it is a few players I would say in the industry which we are 
obviously competing with. 
 
Raghav Malik: 
Okay and in terms of outlook for the segment like do we expect take rates to now stay at 
these new levels and GTV to subsequently maybe grow or how do we see that? 
 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
Take rates should be at the same levels Raghav but definitely we do anticipate a growth in 
our air business as we have now turned around things in Q2 and hopefully we will continue 
the same trends as we move into Q3 and Q4. 
 
Raghav Malik: 
Okay thank you and my second question was on the platinum business. Any indication on 
how many hotels we have added on that front and how do we see that business shaping 
up? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Yes, Raghav the business is shaping up well we have crossed the 150 mark on the total 
number of participating hotels. The good news on that business is that for the cohort of 
hotels that we have signed up as platinum, we have seen a sharp uptick in the share of 
business that those hotels are getting in the in the same city on an YoY basis which means 
that we have demonstrated to the hotel that we can divert business a basis the 
prioritization of how we list the hotels and how we how we market the hotels on the 
platform. So, we remain bullish on that program it is meaningfully adding to the bottom 
line as well because it is incremental new revenue that we are generating from the override 
that we negotiate with the hotels for this business.  
  
                                                       While from an enterprise perspective it is subscale right now to talk about its 150 hotels 
only but from a strategic perspective of saying that are we able to demonstrate to supply 
that we have influence over the purchasing decision of the travel agents and their 
customers; I think this is quite significant.  
 
Raghav Malik: 
Sure. Thank you. That is all from my side. Best of luck. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thanks Raghav. The next question is from Samarth Patel. Samarth request you to introduce 
yourself and the company you represent and go ahead with your question. 
 
Samarth Patel: 
Thanks for providing me the opportunity. This is Samarth Patel from Equirus Securities. I 
joined a bit late so my apologies if the question has already been answered. I just wanted 
to get a sense of what is the current retail versus enterprise mix for us and how should it 
evolve in the medium term? That is my first question. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
I think at a GTV level for the hotels business, it remained at about half and half for the 
international business. Obviously at a GP contribution level I would say the retail business 
delivers a higher GP compared to the API business. We would expect the numbers to not 
materially change in the near future. In the long run, we do expect the retail business to 
start growing at a faster pace because a lot of investment is going into building out the 
long-tail distribution that we have been focusing on and hence this would lead to our retail 
business growing at a faster pace in the long term. 
 
Samarth Patel: 
Thank you that was really helpful. My second question is like if you can just help us with 
margin and profitability profile of any particular mature market like Middle East and how 
it differs from let us say consolidated margin that would be really helpful. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
We do cannot do a financial P&L for a region because there is a fair bit of shared cost for 
example there is a cost of platform, there is HO cost and even supply is shared across 
multiple geographies. So, it is very hard to you know break out a regional P&L per se. All I 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
can say is that what we have seen demonstrated in the business is that if you were to look 
at regional contribution, which is to say revenue or GP which can be directly attributed to 
a region and the direct cost of that region right. The sales people on the ground in that 
region;  if you look at that number then the GP to the regional contribution improves very 
sharply with growth; so we see huge operating leverage play out over there but obviously 
because there is certain cost which is setting centrally which is supply cost, cost of 
technology platform and then some of the investments that happen in newer geographies 
where this operating leverage is still not kicking in so when you look at it at an consolidated 
level you see some dilution happen. But rest assured, if you were to look at maturing 
markets like Middle-East for example there is a very strong conversion from GP derived in 
the region to the regional contribution. 
 
Samarth Patel: 
Understood. That was really helpful. That is it from my side and thanks for providing the 
opportunity. 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Thank you Samarth. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thanks Samarth. The next question is from Divyansh Gupta. Please introduce yourself and 
the company you represent and go ahead with your question. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Sure. Hi this is Divyansh Gupta from Latent Advisors we run a PMS firm. A quick question 
on the GTV concentration. In our IPO time we had mentioned that we had given the top 
five and ten concentration; how would have the data evolved now? Is there a concentration 
any particular side? 
 
Vikas Jain: 
On an enterprise level the number remains the same. The top 10 customers would be 
contributing less than 10% of our GTV similarly top 500 will be contributing 45% to 50% 
of our GTV. They remain in the similar line 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar 
There is no material change that will happen either way. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it and I am assuming we are comfortable with this concentration level because that is 
how the industry is structured or are we trying to de-risk the business? 
 
Vikas Jain: 
These ranges over very last few years so we are very comfortable with these. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it and one more question. We are introducing a lot of AI on our platform which can 
help let us say the agents book. So, how does the AI work from a pricing prospect? Does it 
help let us say optimize for booking so that the booking gets through or it is on revenue 
maximization so that the by the suppliers earn higher; so how should we understand the 
infusion of AI into the business? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
There are several touch points where we are introducing AI. If you specifically talk about 
pricing then a lot of AI and data analytic work happens behind the scenes on driving higher 
conversion and the maximum possible markup. The problem statement that we try to solve 
for is that, how out of every 100 searches how many can we convert at a highest possible 
markup without with leading to net dollar value incremental outcomes.  
   
                                                       You would see there is slight improvement in take rates in the hotels business on a QoQ 
basis. Some of it, can be attributed to some of these experiments some of it also leads to 
top line growth so because sometimes the conversion is not happening because you are 
marginally more expensive than competition. In those situations while the take rate may 
not improve the take rate may actually also come down but then top line growth is 
happening. So, a lot of this happens behind the scenes. It is very hard to present this and 
explain how it works, some of it is IP as well but needless to say this has been a key focus 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
area for us for the last few quarters and I think we have done a good job of it and reflecting 
in the numbers. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it and if you have answered this earlier because I joined later then I will refer back to 
the previous questions but how has Classic’s performance in this quarter been? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Classic’s transaction was closed only on 1st of October. So OND will be the first quarter 
where we will be consolidating on Classic. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
I am not asking from a consolidation perspective just that from the time we acquired till 
let us say till 30th of September. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
It has been in line with the expectation. So, no red flags or no concerns either way. The 
business has been delivering in line with its historical performance. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. The follow-up question on Classic. From Covid where people, let us say there was a 
lull and then revenge travel, the overall revenue has not increased and while let us say it 
was not part of Expedia then to the P, why would someone acquire and then not be in core 
and not grow? I am just trying to understand for whatever it is worthwhile why was not 
the growth there in the business, even if let us say the investor might not be that interested. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
It is a nuanced question and without disclosing a lot more detail it is hard to explain why 
we feel confident that we can initiate growth in this business. But let me try and summarize 
it. So, in a nutshell Divyansh, this happens with pretty much every business in our space 
which is somewhat subscale, is that the access to supply and access to competitive supply 
is extremely limited right unless you are doing billions and billions of dollars of GTV. So, if 
you are subscale if you are in that hundred million to say half a billion kind of a range; the 
access to supply is very limited, which has a subsequent effect that the travel agent or your 
travel advisors use you for very limited business. So, the Classic business has largely been 
limited to four geographies which is Mexico, Caribbean, Hawaii and parts of Europe, very 
small parts of Europe which is one obvious opportunity that is visible that if you to expand 
the supply and expand the number of destination then you would become more relevant 
for your existing customer base.  
                                                        
The second bit is that given the size of that business their ability to invest in technology is 
very limited right the full technology team for Classic is less than two dozen like less than 
about just about 20 people. So, they would benefit from the much larger technology team 
and the technology infrastructure that we have already built once we do that integration. 
All of these things are not possible for a standalone Classic business when they were owned 
by a family office; because they were not a part of a bigger strategy ecosystem. They could 
not have afforded the technology and could not have access to that supply. Now that we 
create access to both these things we build more confidence that yes at this point in time 
we can actually spur growth in that business. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. Understood and just one last question. We started in India and therefore airline was 
a stronger suit for us and for whatever is happening in India is let us say whatever is 
happening the question is more on the international flight booking. A very basic question; 
that why would an operator use us for booking flights for business originating outside 
India, because we do have some air business. So, it is just that it just happens like if it 
happens it happens or it is something that we have not focused on and we are trying to 
focus or that market has gone to the OTAS? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Globally the airline market has not even gone to the OTAS; it has gone direct. If you see the 
European carrier like Ryanair they have a very strong bias for direct if you see the US 
market as well it is largely supplier direct on the airline website. We still have a very small 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
airline business outside of India because we need to provide one for the completeness of 
the solution.  
   
                                                       There are always pockets of inconvenience for a travel agency for example if I am a travel 
agent in US and I need access to Indian low-cost carriers, I will not have or Asian low-cost 
carriers or European low-cost carriers I will not have access. Occasionally I need to book 
those. We are a big believer in keeping the ecosystem comprehensive, so that a travel agent 
has to never leave the platform. From that perspective it serves a useful purpose. The 
second bit is that as we are expanding our own thinking around complex itineraries and 
packages and creating frameworks where us the travel agent in a single itinerary is 
booking flight plus hotel plus transfers plus sightseeing flight is a very key element of that. 
The ability to deliver and book flight tickets is very critical. Standalone building that 
business outside of India does not make sense because that ecosystem is very mature and 
there is not a large gap that will be fulfilling. So, that is the way we think of it. It completes 
our platform and eventually as we look at packaging and multi-product in a single 
transaction then flight will be very critical. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Okay and just one last question. The take rates for us in flights versus take rate for make 
my trip there is a very large difference and why would that be? I understand we would be 
passing on something to the agent. So, it will flow through but on a revenue take rate basis 
it should typically be on par right? 
 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
Typically the take rates are same or probably lesser in a case of a B2C OTA, but what the 
difference between us and our take rate is that they have a convenience fee if you see in 
their financials which they add on every ticket they sell, which technically we cannot 
charge because we are obviously distributing it back to the travel agent. So, the travel agent 
actually keeps that convenience fee for his margin which he does not always share with us. 
For a fair comparison probably the take rates are lower or similar as ours; but the 
convenience fee makes you feel that the take rates are higher in a B2C like Make my Trip. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Understood. Thank you very much for patiently answering my questions. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thanks Divyansh. We will take Karan Uppal next. Karan please unmute yourself and go 
ahead and ask a question. 
 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Just one question on the acquisition related costs. So, this quarter 
it was around Rs. 13 Cr, next two quarters how should we think about this number and the 
margin guidance which you are giving in terms of the adjusted margin expansion. Should 
it be that 16% margin levels or 18.3% which you have reported? 
 
Vikas Jain: 
On the acquisition related cost, we have kind of provided for the entire cost related to this 
acquisition in this quarter itself. We do not anticipate any major cost to come up in in the 
subsequent quarters per se. The EBITDA margin that we are saying; since in the future 
period this cost would not be there. It should be fair to see our EBITDA margin before M&A 
cost which is 18.3 as the base for this quarter. 
 
Karan Uppal: 
Got it. Thanks Vikas. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thanks Karan. The next question is from Vidhi Raval. Vidhi go ahead and ask a question. 
Please introduce yourself before that. 
 
Vidhi Raval: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I am Vidhi Raval.  I am from Yes Securities. Just one thing 
as most of the questions have been answered. Last quarter we did mention that payroll 
cost should be streamlined Q2 onwards. Just wanted to check where are we in terms of the 
entire payroll cost and the international hiring that was there on track. That is first 

  
 
TBO Tek Limited                                     
November 03rd, 2025 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
question and secondly, where are we on the new travel agent contribution that we have 
towards the GTV. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Okay. We have covered this in our shareholder letter as well. Largely we are done with the 
hiring that we were going to get done for this year. There will be some subsequent hiring 
that will happen in Q3 and Q4 as well but I think the bulk of the cost is not built in; which 
is also why we have a favorite of confidence that on a year-on-year basis the SG&A growth 
should start to taper down.  
  
                                                      Your second question was on the contribution on the newer travel agents to the GTVs. We 
have done a fairly detailed analysis in our shareholder letter and this number. It is a very 
important number for us because it is a significant uptick. So, if I look at the first six months 
of this year compared with first six months of last year, the share of business that we have 
that we have derived from the travel agents added in the same financial year has materially 
improved.  
 
Vikas Jain: 
That number is going from 4.3% to 6.9%. 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
For the same period last year, the travel agents who were added in the first six months 
contribute 4.3% of the GTV in that international business. This has now almost grown from 
15% to around 16%. This is the number that we expect to continue to grow in in H2 as 
well, because these travel agents should become even more productive in the second half 
of the year. 
 
Vidhi Raval: 
Sure sir. There is one last question. We have Classic kind of coming on board from H2 
onwards, so wanted to understand their take rates, we understand that the entire model 
is commission-led over there. How should we look at the split between commission-led 
and standalone take rates that we are sitting on as of today? 
 
Vikas Jain: 
While we should share more details when we consolidate the Classic numbers in the 
coming quarter. As Gaurav mentioned, the take rate of Classic business is a bit different 
than our core business. They operated around 22% take and 11% GP while our GP in hotel 
business is at 5.6%. They would be changed due to mixed impact coming in, but we will try 
to share transparently as our core business numbers as well so that the readers have clear 
understanding of how the impact is coming from the Classic. 
 
Vidhi Raval: 
Sure sir.  Thank you so much. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thanks Vidhi. That is the last question for the evening. Thank you everyone for 
participating in this call. I would now like to hand the call over to Ankush Nijhawan for his 
closing remarks. 
 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
Thank you everyone for taking time and being part of the earnings call and if anybody has 
a follow-up question please feel free to write to any one of us. We are always available and 
I look forward to see you sometime after this quarter. Thank you for your time. 
 
Snighter Albuquerque: 
Thank you Ankush. On behalf of TBO Tek Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you everyone and have a great evening. 
 
This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain transcription errors. The 
Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy. 
