 
 
 
 
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
NSE Symbol : SHRIPISTON 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
 
BSE Scrip code : 544344 
Sub: Transcripts of the “Earnings Conference Call” - Regulation 30 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations") 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
With reference to the captioned matter and in furtherance to our earlier intimation letters  
dated November 3, 2025, November 4, 2025 and November 7, 2025, regarding the 
schedule, investor presentation, press release and Audio Recordings of the “Earnings 
Conference Call” of Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited (“Company”) and in compliance with 
Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed the transcripts of the “Earnings Conference Call” on the 
Un-Audited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025, held 
on Friday, November 7, 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (IST). 
The above information is also available on the Company’s website and can be accessed 
at https://shrirampistons.com. 
Kindly take the above information on record and treat this as compliance with SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Pankaj Gupta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Pankaj 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Pankaj Gupta 
Date: 2025.11.12 
16:57:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNAKUMAR SRINIVASAN – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. PREM RATHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. PANKAJ GUPTA – DEPUTY EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
HEAD, LEGAL AND COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
 
 
 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited Q2 and H1 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
Today from the management, we have with us Mr. Krishnakumar Srinivasan, Managing 
Director and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Prem Rathi, Executive Director and Chief Financial 
Officer; and Mr. Pankaj Gupta, Deputy Executive Director, Head Legal and Company 
Secretary. 
 
Before we begin, we would like to remind you that this discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. 
It may be viewed in conjunction with the business risks that could cause future results, 
performance or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Krishnakumar for his opening remarks, post which we 
will open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. Thank you, Shruti. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening. Thank you for joining us 
on the Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Call for Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited. Our financial 
results, the investor presentation and press release were all published on the stock exchange 
and the company's website, and I hope you have had an opportunity to go through the same. 
 
The company has continued to show resilience during the first half of FY '26 as we have 
achieved a growth of 14.9% year-on-year in consolidated total income and 14.2% year-on-year 
on the consolidated EBITDA, despite very challenging market conditions in the auto industry, 
owing to the geopolitical situations as well as the muted growth in the domestic end markets. 
 
During the quarter, the company's consolidated total income grew by 15% year-on-year, 
maintaining a consolidated EBITDA margin of 22.4% and a consolidated PAT margin of 
13.6%. The domestic automotive industry showed a mixed performance during the quarter 
with passenger vehicles declining by 1%, while 2-wheeler volumes registered a healthy 7% 
growth. 
 
However, it is important to state here that the GST reforms were put into effect from 22nd 
September 2025, post the announcement on 15th August 2025, thereby giving an impact of 
only one week for the sales volume in this quarter to get the effect. Due to this, the month of 
August and September saw an impact on the overall sales mix across the group, which was 
impacting  the business to some extent. The auto industry has emerged as one of the biggest 
early beneficiaries under the reforms, reflected by improved demand for all our products from 
the OEMs. Hence, post GST reduction and what we call it as GST 2.0, the demand is showing 
signs of improvement. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
During the festive season continuing in October, the passenger vehicles, 2-wheelers, 3-
wheelers and commercial vehicle segments all recorded double-digit sales growth, rekindling 
the hopes for good volumes for the third quarter onwards. 
 
Within the challenging environment in the first half, the company continued to outperform the 
industry, driven by presence in diverse markets and product segments, with healthy 
performance from all our subsidiaries, including EV and high-precision injection moulded 
components business. 
 
We also continue to win new businesses across our legacy business and also all our new 
subsidiaries. All the product segments supported by our process efficiency initiatives and cost 
optimization programs contributed positively to our top line and bottom-line growth.  
Our international operations remained resilient despite ongoing tariff uncertainties and 
geopolitical headwinds. With a presence across more than 45 countries, we continue to 
navigate regional demand fluctuations through product localization, market diversification and 
long-term customer relationships. While certain export regions did witness temporary softness, 
we expect improved tractions in the coming quarters as global supply chain trade conditions 
stabilize. 
 
We are committed to strengthening our leadership position through operational excellence and 
innovation. Our primary focus is on technological advancements, supported by our robust in-
house R&D. This approach not only keeps us relevant but also empowers us to lead in the 
marketplace. 
 
Our investments in automation, digital manufacturing and precision engineering are delivering 
the measurable improvements in productivity and quality. At the same time, we are pursuing 
strategic collaborations and partnerships with global technology leaders to enhance our 
technological capabilities and broaden our product portfolio. 
 
Going forward, our strategic focus remains on strengthening our core business while exploring 
newer areas for growth. We are committed to enhancing our product offerings and expanding 
our market presence through innovation and technology. As a part of our commitment to 
innovation, we are actively developing components for alternative fuel solutions like CNG, 
LNG, PNG, Hybrid, Flex, Hydrogen, H-CNG and electric powertrains. 
 
These complement the internal combustion engines and also positions us in all the powertrain 
solutions,  which we firmly believe will continue to coexist for quite some time in the future, 
given the various challenges with regards to infrastructure and availability of mature 
technology solutions for EV vehicles. 
 
This is also visible in the global markets with most OEMs leaning towards either the legacy 
solutions or the hybrid powertrains, which require IC engines, ensuring a sustainable growth 
for the IC engines.  
While we work on all the technologies, we are happy to state that our progress on EV motors 
and controllers is also very satisfactory. We have also been able to mitigate the nonavailability 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 4 of 19 
 
of rare earth magnets by alternate sourcing methodologies and maintaining our production run 
and also working on various newer technologies, which will give us a substitution to the rare 
earth magnets.  
The progress of commissioning of our new facility at Coimbatore for the EV motor and 
controller plant has been completed, and we expect to start commercial production during the 
ongoing quarter. 
 
Further, Phase 2 expansion of our new manufacturing facility at SEL Pithampur, Indore has 
also been completed, and we have already started with the Phase III expansion due to the 
continuing excess demand from the customers.  
Sustainability continues to be the cornerstone of our long-term strategy. We are happy to state 
that we have won again the Golden Peacock Award from the Institute of Directors in London 
for Excellence in Corporate Governance in 2025. We have also received a bronze rating from 
Ecovadis, putting us into the top 35 percentile globally on sustainability and the ESG rating 2 
from Dun & Bradstreet with us being placed in the top 500 value creators globally. 
 
In addition to the above, we continue to win awards from our prestigious customers for 
initiatives in the areas of innovation, quality, delivery, productivity and sustainability. All 
these awards and ratings act as a testament to our consistent efforts towards building a 
sustainable business and contributing positively to the environment. 
 
As we move into the second half of FY '26, we remain very optimistic yet prudent. Ongoing 
market conditions are expected to support a steady growth across key vehicle segments. For 
SPRL, our priorities remain clear: to drive operational excellence, invest in technology-led 
solutions and build long-term partnerships that reinforce our position as one of the leading 
players in the Indian automotive components industry. 
 
As part of our growth strategy, we also continue to pursue strategic partnerships and M&As 
that will bolster our capabilities, broaden our product portfolio and are value accretive to our 
business. We are on a good way to make SPR a multiproduct franchise and amongst one of the 
top auto component manufacturers in the country. 
 
In conclusion, I would like to extend my heartfelt appreciation to all our employees for their 
dedication and commitment, to our customers for their continued trust, and to our shareholders 
for their unwavering support. Together, we are confident of building a stronger, more 
innovative and sustainable SPR. 
 
Thank you very much for your time, and I look forward to addressing any questions that you 
may have. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Karan Gupta from Asit C Mehta Investment. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Karan Gupta: 
Just one question on the EV side. What are the different alternatives that we are looking for as 
against the rare earth metal? Any specific technology that you worked on or you are working 
on? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, we are working on a couple of solutions. We are making a ferrite-based solution and 
using ferrite metals and other rare earth elements which are not under any kind of sanctions, 
we are able to also generate the kind of electromagnetic force that is required for these PMSM 
motors. 
Karan Gupta: 
Sir, just a clarification on this thing. There is also a lot of news about strontium carbonate kind 
of element, which can also produce same kind of magnetic effect what the ferrite magnet is. So 
is it the kind of technology that you are also working on? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, no, no. For all electric traction motors, we need a very strong EMF requirement. As a 
result, those things don't work. So, it has to be done in a very different way. So, these being 
synchronous motors, we have to also ensure that we are able to get the required torque and 
speed characteristics, which we need at the end of the product. It's a very different technology, 
and we are working on it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Sehgal from SIMPL. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
My first question was on our standalone business. Can you give some colour on growth trends 
in exports, aftermarket, domestic OEM in Q2 and H1 for us? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So normally, we do not bifurcate between individual segments and all, though, of course, 
we track it. So the good point is that even with all the geopolitical situations, you can see that 
we have been able to maintain our sales to our export customers. And across aftermarket, we 
have been able to register good growth and also across our OEM segments, we have been able 
to outgrow the market. 
 
As I said in my speech, if I take a weighted average growth of around 3% or 4%  across all the 
segments that we supply, the company's growth rate has been more than double than that 
amount. So we have been able to actually achieve our goal of outgrowing the end markets. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. So if we look at our gross margins, it has seen some moderation in Q2. So 
what explains this? And what will be the sustainable rate going forward? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: See, what happened in Q2 is because of the announcement happening on 15th of August  
almost till the last week of September, we had an impact on our sales with almost everybody 
saying that let's wait for the GST announcement. And the final GST started only on the 22nd 
of September. As a result, there was a very big mix impact, which resulted in this small impact 
that you see. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
And what kind of sustainable rate can we see going forward? 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: More or less the rate at which we are progressing now. Overall, if you see our first half results 
it has been, to a fair extent, modulated with regards to the overall performance of the company. 
So we expect to maintain this rate. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Okay. Got it. Can you give some colour on what is our market share in PV, CV, 2-wheelers 
and also in terms of alternate fuels? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, normally, we do not give any market share figures, as I told in the earlier calls also. But 
we certainly are a very significant player in the products that we make. And with all the 
customers, we enjoy a very good market share. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Okay. Got it. And about subsidiaries, so we've seen a very good scale up and margin 
improvement in our subsidiaries. So which subsidiaries are driving these? And is this growth 
more from existing business or new business wins? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, most of the subsidiaries have been working on new businesses. And the growth that you 
see, they are also linked very clearly to the end markets. When the end markets are around 3%, 
4%, but if they are growing by around, say, 10%, it is for sure that we have been able to win 
new businesses. 
 
So we have won new businesses in all our subsidiaries and our scale-up that we wanted in our  
EV business also has happened quite well, and we have been able to scale up quite well and 
deliver the results. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
And  linked to also the drivers in our subsidiaries? And what could be the margins on a steady-
state basis? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, all the segment of the subsidiaries that we have been operating on has been a very 
accretive business for us. We do not want any of our businesses to bring down our overall 
EBITDA targets. So we have maintained our EBITDA margins across all segments of our 
business. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
Okay. Okay. Just last question. What would be our capex plans for FY '26 and '27? And any 
plans for our surplus cash? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. This I addressed. See, all the normal businesses do require capex, which is in line with 
their business requirements. And to the extent of their depreciation, we are already investing 
regularly in the existing businesses. 
 
And all the extra cash that we have is being used for M&A opportunities and for nonlinear 
growth and I will put it more this way that we are looking at bigger M&A opportunities. And 
it's already ongoing, and I can only say that various opportunities are there, and we are 
working on them. 
Shubham Sehgal: 
But what would be the capex amount that we've planned on? 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Equal to the depreciation of the individual companies unless if we have new big businesses 
where we have to really invest. And in which case, that is something that I will announce at 
that time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Jain from AlfAccurate. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Congrats for a strong set of numbers. Sir, my first question on that, as you mentioned that you 
are looking for the bigger M&A opportunity. So if you can throw some light which are the 
areas where you are looking for? Is it in the ICE or is it in EVs? And how much capex you are 
looking for there? What would be the asset turnover to begin? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So Abhishek, those decisions are very strategic decisions. And for sure, most of the 
investments that we are looking at is for areas which are agnostic to ICE. We do have 
something in ICE but that is very small thing we are working on. But overall, if you really see 
the direction of the company over the last 5 years, we have been focussing on ICE agnostic 
segments. And our investments have really borne good fruit, it helped us to grow the overall 
franchise. So we will continue in that direction, and we'll continue to see that the overall 
enterprise is able to grow across various segments, both in terms of the product segments as 
well as the market segments. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Question on the subsidiary side. So EMFI space, the company has already completed 
commission 1 plan. So what kind of the revenue target for FY '27 from this particular 
business? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So normally, as I said,  it is in line with all our working. It is in line with our expectations 
with regards to the growth targets that we have. You are all aware that, as far as the EV 
business is concerned, market is a little muted today because of the infrastructural 
requirements, which I have been saying all through in all my calls that it is going to be a little 
muted. So we are progressing in a very steady manner, and we are investing to the extent of 
which we get the growth that is required for the company. 
 
And to that extent, we have already invested. We are manufacturing  motors right from 250 
watts right up to 350 kilowatts. And we are making our own controllers. We are probably the 
only player in the country who manufactures the motors and the controllers together and size it 
and give it to the customers. And we are progressing very, very well. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Will we be supplying to 2-wheelers, 4-wheelers, SUV, or is it particular for the 2-wheelers? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, no, no. All segments of the market. We make hub motors, we make mid-drive motors, we 
make motors from all ranges. And so we have now all the lines fully operational, and we are 
also amongst the first ones to get the PM E-Drive certification. And so we are all set to really 
continue our growth on the EV side. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
So do we have any tie-up with any OEMs who supply all these motors to them? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, yes, of course. We don't give the names of our customers at this stage in this business 
because we are being very closely tracked by our competition. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
So the last year in FY '25, the total revenue was INR26 crores in this business. So can we 
expect that this would be able to touch INR100 crores plus in next 2 to 3 years? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, that is our plan. Otherwise, why do we put such a big plant. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
So if you can throw some light on the asset turnover and total investment on this particular 
business? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No. We do not normally do that, but I can safely say that it's a good asset turn, over 4x. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
Okay, sir. And the next 2 subsidiaries, TGPEL and Takahata, if you can throw some light over 
there, what is your growth plan over there? And what kind of the revenue and the margin we 
are able to see in the coming quarters? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Both the plants are performing to plan. They are outgrowing the end markets by more than 
double. And I have already told that the end market is growing just around 3% or 4% and we 
are growing over more than double as far as those companies are concerned. And our margins 
are very accretive to our business. Otherwise, overall, our consolidated margin would have 
fallen. So we are maintaining our margins. 
Abhishek Kumar Jain: 
So it's a very impressive growth of around 74% in second quarter FY '26 from the subsidies 
number. So can we expect that this sort of the growth will continue in the couple of quarters 
because of the base is low? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, it's not to be seen from a point of view of base level. It is to be seen from a point of view 
of the technology that we have been able to hit and get to our customers. So customers are 
really finding it very useful, and we are winning more businesses. And I'm very happy to state 
that the last 2 quarters have been a lot of new wins that we have got in our plastics business, 
our legacy business as well as our EV business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investments. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Sir, so what I've come to understand that the current slowdown in the domestic market was due 
to this GST implementation, reduced GST, which led to the postponement of some demand 
and except for the last week of September and the current quarter onwards, the things are back 
to normal and we should expect good growth  
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Even in the second quarter, we have actually outgrown the end markets, and we have also 
outgrown quarter-on-quarter. So there is no reason to say that we have not grown in the second 
quarter, even though we had the impact. What happened with the GST part was primarily we 
had a change in the mix, because most of the aftermarket customers, they immediately said 
that let us get the material with lower GST. 
 
And the GST was opened up only on the 22nd of September. So the material flow stopped on 
the aftermarket side. Whereas OEMs, they decided that they will make more stock because 
they will require it during the festive period. So we had to dispatch for the OEMs. So mix got 
impacted. That's all. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Vivek Gautam: 
Got it, sir. And what is helping us in the exports, sir, and the good growth in exports, the 
hybrid world is now moving towards the hybrid and other than EV, which is helping us out, 
sir? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So basically, in the export market, the off-road segment has really done well, both in U.S. 
as well as in U.K. and Europe. And we are supplying to those segments. We have been able to 
really get some new businesses also tied up. And all that has really helped the off-road 
applications. Otherwise, on the on-road, passenger cars have really not done well in Europe. 
They have not done well in U.S. They have not done well in the U.K. 
 
So there is a slowdown. There is a slowdown because of the geopolitical situation. There is a 
slowdown because of the tariff situation. So there are a number of impacts that is there. But 
certainly, for sure, our presence in almost 45 countries has really helped us to segmentize the 
market and be able to get some businesses which we thought which will help us in really 
ensuring that we are able to maintain our market growth. 
Vivek Gautam: 
And the signing of the U.S. India tariff deal and Mr. Trump, not a very big strong advocate of 
renewables and other things is still going in for the conventional technologies. So things stand 
good for our sector and our company also, sir. That's the question? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: See, basically, we are not basing our decisions based on any political motivations. We are 
basically thinking from a point of view that overall infrastructural developments across the 
globe will take time. And the power generation that is required for this kind of introduction of 
such mass scale EV transfer is going to take a lot of time. 
 
So we personally feel that all the countries will continue to work on multiple powertrains. As 
you can see in Europe, it is more of hybrids. In U.S. also, it is more of hybrids and ICE. In 
China, it is more of electric, but even that has slowed down in China. And then across the 
globe, we are seeing that multiple powertrains are now coexisting. 
 
And people are working on newer solutions with CNG, with PNG, with LNG, with hydrogen. 
So there are multiple activities going on. And  the good part is that we have our own 
development centre, we have our own innovation centre, and we are far advanced in all those 
areas, and we are able to give solutions to our customers and that enables us to really be 
present in all the powertrains. 
 
So we think that all the powertrains will coexist and there should not be any problem. This has 
been my narrative for the last 5 years literally. And I think all that I've been saying over the 
last 4, 5 years has started coming true now. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Correct, sir. And lastly, any risk on China dependency import of raw material, etc., magnets 
and other things, sir? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Practically nothing. Even though we had the magnets being stopped by China,  our sales 
actually increased, not decreased. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sakshi Shah from Quest Investment Managers. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Sakshi Shah: 
So there have been recent announcements by these Japanese automakers, Toyota, Honda and 
Suzuki that they're significantly expanding their manufacturing presence in India. So how do 
you see this trend playing out for us, especially considering our long-standing relationships 
with these OEMs? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So we do see a very positive trend for us on these. And both our Korean customers, our 
Japanese customers as well as some of our other non-Japanese customers, I think we have 
actually made very good inroads with our presence as well as working on various newer 
platforms that we have been working with them right from drawing board stage. 
 
So that has really helped us to be able to give them the right solutions, which have been tested 
or getting validated as we speak. And we are very confident that we'll be able to support them 
in all their requirements. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shafaat from Limra construction. 
Shafaat: 
Sir, your ROE was 21% this financial year? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes  
Shafaat: 
So sir, I can expect your profit doubling from 3 to 4 years. What do you think? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I also hope. Yes, we are working on it. And I'm very confident that with all the programs and 
all the things that we are doing and all the activities that we are doing, there is a good 
possibility. I can't say the future. I can't see the future, and I can't tell about what can happen. 
But all the things that we have today on the plate looks positive, and we feel that we are 
working in the right direction. 
Shafaat: 
Sir, if you maintain your ROE of 21% or maybe above that, I think you can definitely going to 
achieve. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thanks for your support. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh. 
Harsh: 
So sir, I just wanted to better understand the piston market in India. So assuming that it's a 
technical product, there would not be a lot of informal production for it. But what about like 
imports? And what has been sort of the trend of India's piston imports over the years? And also 
if I could just squeeze in. 
 
So what are our strategies going forward, like our growth drivers in our legacy business? So 
are we targeting this import substitution? Or are we sort of trying to consolidate our market 
share? Or are we depending more on the growth of auto penetration in India? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. Good question. First and foremost, let me highlight to you that Piston is a highly technical 
product. It looks very simple, but it's manufactured in a few microns, and it requires a very 
high amount of technology because there is expansion in the material that happens at high 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 11 of 19 
 
temperatures. And then when the temperature cools down, the material has to come back to its 
original shape and all that. 
 
And you have to really design the product for the kind of animal that it goes into, every engine 
is a different animal, and it requires a different kind of technology to ensure that we are able to 
cater to the demands of that engine. 
 
Now what happens is it's not easy for the pistons to be just imported from anywhere and put 
into any engine because if you'll find that most of the OEMs work very closely with the piston 
manufacturers to be able to work with them very seamlessly and ensure that we are able to 
design. It's almost like a co-design that happens with the thing on the drawing board. 
 
So it's not very easy for imports to just come in and take that product. At the most, the imports 
can come in the aftermarket for already developed products where people do a reverse 
engineering and get the piston to those positions. 
 
But even there, we find that many of the pistons actually failed very badly in the engines. And 
most of the customers realize that just buying some Chinese-made pistons or pistons supplied 
by any big customer just by sourcing from China or from any other place does not really give 
the right results. 
 
And within 3, 4 months, they have to again go for an engine overhaul. So most of the 
customers believe in then going in for genuine parts, and we are present with almost all the 
customers in the country, and that really gives us an edge with regards to supplying also in the 
aftermarket, number one. 
 
And number two, I do not see that pistons will go out anywhere in the near future because the 
demand, even as we speak, we are working on a couple of projects which are going to see the 
light of the day maybe in '28, '29 or even '30 and then continue for the next 5, 7 years. So we 
do not see any issue for the next many years that all the powertrains will coexist, as I already 
said. 
 
The third point is globally, in the Piston world, there is a huge demand cropping up primarily 
because of people vacating capacities. Now what happens is when people vacate capacities 
because of the fear of EV, not really understanding the market well, not really understanding 
the situation well, then it tends to really create a lot of vacuum with regards to the supply 
situation. 
 
And then we are today experiencing that, and we have a lot of inquiries coming in with people 
wanting to buy from us globally. So I think we are in a good position, and we should continue 
with that. 
Harsh: 
So sir, when we are exporting systems, then that means we are working developing the product 
along with the OEM ground up. Or are you sort of targeting the aftermarket? 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, no, no, no. Most of the OEMs we supply to Jaguar, we supply to Caterpillar. We supply to 
so many big names. And I can tell you that we work with those customers on the drawing 
board. 
Harsh: 
Fair enough, sir. And since you mentioned Jaguar, so a couple of quarters back, the India, U.K. 
free trade agreement happened. So are we seeing any green shoots from that so far? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, yes, there are green shoots for that. 
Harsh: 
Okay, sir. And lastly, in terms of our rare earth-free magnet motor like you mentioned, so 
recently, I think one of our competitors, Ola got some certification from Global Automotive 
Research Center for their ferrite motors. So what stage are we in, in our rare earth free 
magnets? Are we  in the development stage? Have we piloted something? Or are we already 
supplying such motors? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We are in advanced stages. That's all I can say. It's all time tested, and that's what in some of 
the products, we have already started introducing that also, and that's really helped us during 
this time. And we are actually doing multiple trials and testing because all this also has to get 
individually also approved by PM E-Drive. So all this goes through various levels of 
validations. 
Harsh: 
Okay. Fair enough. And then I'm assuming  just like our normal motors, in our rare earth 
motors also, we'll have the complete suite from lower range to higher? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, hopefully, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from SIMPL. 
Viraj: 
Just one question on our exports. See, if you see the construct of our exports, the majority is 
still driven by sales through our tech partners to major markets where they're operating. But on 
a very macro basis, last 2 to 3 years, our exports has largely been in that INR480 crores to 
INR520 crores kind of a range. Can you give some perspective what we are doing to kind of 
drive exports from here on? 
 
How are we looking at it? Will it be more driven by sales to outside the tech partners network 
more driven by aftermarket? Or how are we approaching this?  
So this one is how do we go about driving scale from here in exports? And between the two 
channels, one to OEs and one to aftermarket, where we are seeing most traction? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So first and foremost, I don't know where you reached the conclusion that we are 
supplying only through our tech partners, we don't supply anything through our tech partners 
today. And if you really see Kolbenschmidt has already come out of the overall relationship 
from Rheinmetall and they are an independent company in Germany, and we don't sell 
anything through Kolbenschmidt. Neither do we sell anything through RIKEN. 
 
And RIKEN directly in Japan ,in some places, we do use their channel. And so mostly, it is 
customers with whom we are already having contacts and we are growing the business. Now 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 13 of 19 
 
what is important to see is from a light that the overall exports business as a market has 
actually tanked because of the geopolitical situations and also because of the war continuing at 
various places. 
 
As a result of which, what has happened is it has been very challenging from an environment 
standpoint,  many of the countries are even having a big forex shortage. They're not unable to 
pay. 
 
So as a result, we have to be very careful, and we want to ensure that we are only doing 
business where we get our money well in time. So as a result, the kind of growth that we have 
seen in the aftermarket is actually very, very encouraging. Even maintaining the kind of 
business that we have been doing over the last two years with such a tough business 
environment in the exports market has been a very stupendous performance actually. 
Viraj: 
 I think somewhere earlier in the call, you talked about us talking with Caterpillar, JLR for the 
business. Can you give some color? So typically, say, OEs take 3 to 5 years for any new 
business dialogues to commercialize. So where are we in that journey? Do you see a lot of 
those new orders getting commercialized in '26 or '27 for us? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Viraj, we have been supplying to OEs all through over the last more than 6, 10 years. So there 
is no reason to say that we have not been supplying to OEs. So OEs as well as aftermarket 
have been our overall business model. And we are continuing to grow there. We have got new 
customers. 
 
We are supplying for snowmobile applications. We are supplying for marine applications. We 
are supplying for off-highway applications. So there are many, many new customers who have 
got added. That is what has helped us to retain our sales. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from VVD Asset Managers. 
Resham Jain: 
So sir, I have this question on inorganic opportunities. So one is like most of the acquisitions 
which we did in the last 3, 4 years are primarily auto-centric. But primarily, we are an 
engineering company. 
 
So let's say, going forward, are we looking because a lot of other areas like whether it is 
railways, industrial, defence, a lot of other areas are also emerging where similar engineering 
capabilities are required. So would you also think to get into those areas as well beyond auto? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: To be very frank, we already supply to railways. We already supply to defence. We supply our 
existing products to both these applications. So we do not categorize , though our front ending 
is clearly automotive because, our expertise lies with the automotive players. But we make our 
products also for industrial applications, gensets and various other requirements. 
 
So I don't think that we are restricting ourselves from that standpoint. But in terms of future 
M&As, we want to remain in our core strength area. And I think our core strength is in the 
automotive, and we do not want to think about manufacturing, say, a very diverse product 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 14 of 19 
 
which is required in an industrial environment to set up a complete new facility and put big 
investments there. 
 
Instead, I would prefer to be in the automotive area where our core strength lies, but still make 
the products which the industrial segment wants if we can make within those segments of 
business. So that is the way we are looking at it. And we would like to continue that way 
because that's where the core strength is. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Understood. And the second question is, sir, generally,  in the stand-alone core business, 
we have not seen much capex, but we have been growing. So the question is how long can we 
keep growing at this organic pace without doing like meaningful capex?  
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I think you'll have to look up the figures, but I can tell you that we are not at all restricting any 
capex to our legacy business. Frankly, over the last 5 years, including our investments in SEL, 
which is primarily for our engine valves and other products that we make, I think we have 
invested over INR 550 crores here. 
Resham Jain: 
No, that is very efficient capex because most of your growth has been much higher than the 
capex is what I was trying to understand. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We have gone in for a huge automation and digitization and a lot of efficiency improvements 
exercise and all that. So that has all helped us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Purohit from Securities Investment Management. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to kind of delve a little more on the 
pistons market. I think one of the earlier participants had also asked about the piston market. If 
you could just kind of share what kind of product profile do we address?  Like except, of 
course, electric vehicles don't have pistons, but I would assume hybrids would have, biofuel 
vehicles would also have. So if you could just kind of share different aspects about that? 
 
And also, each time and also the realization difference, right? So basically, if there is an 
increasing drive towards hybridization of vehicles rather than going completely towards EVs, 
for example, and which is what we are seeing in European market or, let's say, some of the 
other markets, how does that kind of change the game for us or whether we are very much into 
pistons for hybrid vehicles as well? 
 
What kind of realization changes happen between a conventional piston versus, let's say, a 
hybrid piston for a hybrid vehicle versus piston for something else? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I get your question. Okay. Ravi, let me explain this. First and foremost, we make pistons, we 
make engine valves, we make piston pins, crank pins, and piston rings. So there are a number 
of components which all of them are engine related, go into the engine. 
 
Now what is important here to realize is that all of them require very, very high amount of 
technology input to be able to withstand those kind of temperatures. And we make the 
products for all kinds of vehicles, right, from 2-wheelers right up to the biggest trucks, heavy 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 15 of 19 
 
commercial trucks and buses and whatever is required. What is important here is to realize that 
these products will continue for all kinds of ICE engines. 
 
You require a piston, you require engine valve, you require piston pins, crank pins and all this 
you require for all kinds of ICE engines, whether it is for  with CNG applications, whether it is 
for PNG applications, LNG application, biofuels, any kind of ICE engine will require these 
pistons. So we are present in all the segments of the powertrain.  
The third important point here is that we are also present with hybrids. Now hybrids, normally, 
most of the customers, what they are doing is they are sizing the hybrid engine on a slightly 
lower side because they also support the ICE engine, the lower sized ICE engine with the 
electric motor. And because of that,  maybe some of the customers go with a lesser number of 
cylinders. 
 
Some customers are retaining the same number of cylinders. So it all depends on how the 
customer plans his engine, what kind of applications and what kind of end position that he 
wants to plan. 
 
So we normally tie up with the customers. And based on his requirement, if it's a 4-cylinder 
engine,  there are certain engines which requires 2 inlet valves and 2 exhaust valves, we plan 
accordingly. But depending on the customer's requirement, we do the plan, and we work with 
them to really design the product for those end applications. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Is there a big difference in realizations between, let's say, a hybrid and between a normal 
conventional ICE? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: See, normally, what happens is if a hybrid engine is being planned today, most of it has been 
planned in the last 1 or 2 years. Most of them have been planned with a Euro 6 or Euro 7 kind 
of a requirement. Now what happens is when it goes for a Euro 6, Euro 7 requirements, the end 
demands are very, very high. Frictional resistance have to be very, very low. So you have to 
really plan with a lot of features. 
 
So it requires different kind of features. It requires different kind of hard anodizing, requires 
different kind of rings, it requires different kinds of coating. So it requires a complete different 
technologies to develop that. And all that are featured products and accordingly, there is an 
improvement in prices. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. And sir, each time there is an emission norm change like we had a few years back. Now 
I think there is some small change that is happening on the tractor side also. So lately, if you 
could kind of share how does that change for companies like us? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: With every emission change, there is a big change in the product. So it requires a lot of 
different features to be added and this one. And accordingly, then it becomes a more featured 
product. So that is the reason why we have so many varieties, so many variants and variant 
management has to be done to be able to cater to the market demand. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, if you could kind of just share your thoughts on the non-auto part of this, 
what kind of opportunities do we have in the non-auto in this business? How big is the 
opportunity? I'm assuming it's not just India, it would be global as well. So if you could just 
share some? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: There are huge requirements for marine applications, for industrial applications,  even for 
different kind of compressor applications, and then for snowmobiles,  off-highway segments 
and for various stationary machines, there are huge requirements, and we have been working 
on those segments, and I'm happy to state that we are catering to many of these segments, 
which have really helped us to really maintain the kind of growth. 
 
Otherwise, how do we  outgrow the market when the end market is growing by 3%, 4% and 
you are growing by 10% to 12%, - we have practically grown 15% against 4% of the end 
market. So that's only coming out of new businesses and new segments. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. And sir, what gives us confidence that we should be able to kind of 
maintain this gap or this kind of level of outperformance going ahead in the coming 3 to 4 
years? Does the acquisitions that we have made on the plastic component side or engineering 
side or this battery motor side, are those the areas which will drive growth or even the 
conventional, if you could just share some insight as to what will drive growth for us over the 
next 3 years? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: This is what I've been saying. The conventional is going to also continue to grow. See we 
expect a CAGR growth of around 6% - 7%. And we expect a penetration of around 15% - 20% 
as far as EV is concerned. Now if you see the next 5 years, if we are going to grow at around 
6%, we are looking at a growth of almost 30% in the end markets and a penetration of 20%, 
which means even the existing legacy products are going to grow at almost 10% in the next 4 
or 5 years, which is a huge, huge requirement because the base is very high. 
 
We are talking about the 3.5 million ICE engines being made. And you can imagine if that's 
going to have a growth of 10%, we are looking at a fairly big number. And with people 
looking at vacating capacities and other things because of the fear of EV, it doesn't make any 
sense to me actually. So, we expect very good growth for many more years to come. And we 
don't see any major issues. We are present in all the powertrains. 
 
What is important is to be present in all the powertrains. You must have the technology, you 
must have the right features, and you should be able to deliver to the customers' requirements. 
And we are present with that, and we are in a very good position with that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishnaswamy Mohan, an Investor. 
Krishnaswamy Mohan: 
Congratulations on an excellent set of performance. In the auto industry, the kind of ROI and 
ROE that you are showing, I very rarely seen. I have been in the auto industry for about 15 
years. Congratulations on the excellent numbers. 
 
Coming back to this question, I mean I wanted to ask something else before, but we'll take it 
up 3.5 million engines , now you're saying is that growing the overall market may be growing, 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 17 of 19 
 
say cars are growing at 8% and 2-wheeler may be growing at maybe 10%, CV is maybe 
growing at 6%. There will be some EV component of that. Do you still see IC engine growth 
at 10%? Or would it be much less than that because of EV penetration? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, no, no. Let me explain. Again, we see a compounded annual growth of around 6% to 7%, 
okay? Now when we say that when the market is going to grow at the rate of 6% to 7%, which 
is going to happen because the - car penetration in the Indian household has been less than 
around 4.5% - 5%. 
 
So there is a huge market in any forward-looking economy and any growing economy, we 
have a penetration level which goes up to around 30% - 35%. Now so there is a market that is 
present. Of course, I'm expecting that the infrastructure will also grow along with that. But 6% 
or 7% average compounded growth, then we are looking at in the next 4 or 5 years, let's take 5 
years, a total growth in numbers to the tune of around 30% to 35%. 
 
And even on the overall basis, if you have a penetration of around 20% also, you are going to 
still continue to have a growth of over 10% for the next 5 years, which means a 2% to 3% or a 
4% growth in the ICE segment. And with newer markets coming in because of people vacating 
capacities and also with newer end markets, we can easily outgrow the market. Our focus will 
be always to outgrow the end markets by more than double. 
Krishnaswamy Mohan: 
Yes, I understand. I understand. I want to say top of CAGR of GDP of 6-5% or CAGR of the 
auto industry, the car, for instance, let me take car specifically, because each sector is different. 
Car is different, tractors are different and so there are different, say car segment is growing at 
say 8%. Overall car market is growing 8%, including EV, the ICE would probably grow 6%, 
and ICE would be around 6%, right? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, no. overall ICE market growing by around 6% to 7% and the penetration in the ICE 
market to the tune of around 10% -15%. 
Krishnaswamy Mohan: 
So, the question  with the GST coming down and small cars going to take off in a much bigger 
way than it was in the past, do you see any drop in profitability because the smaller cars 
obviously have smaller pistons and smaller content per car. Do you see any drop in 
profitability overall volume will grow. Do you see a drop in profitability per se because of the 
greater sale of small cars? Or do you think that, that is not going to get impacted very much? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We try to maintain our profitability over product segments. And whether if small car segment 
is one segment, then that segment also we try to maintain our profitability. We don't undersell 
a product. But what actually happens is most of the price or anything gets actually fixed based 
on the features that the engine requires. Even if it's a small car. But the engine has delivered to 
the Euro 6 requirements or, let's say, Euro 7 requirements. The features are going up. And to 
form the features, the price goes up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chinmay from Prescient Capital. 
Chinmay: 
I have a question on the motor and motor controller business. Just wanted to understand the 
market in the sense that a lot of large OEMs make this in-house. So, is the opportunity largely 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 18 of 19 
 
with start-ups and newer businesses? Or are you also working with established large OEMs on 
either side? And secondly, is this primarily a domestic opportunity? Or are you also exporting 
in this business? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So, the answer to both is, yes, we are working with top OEMs, and we are also working 
with some export customers. And  now we are well recognized amongst most of the auto 
companies in the country as having state-of-the-art plant delivering all kinds of motors that is 
required by them. 
 
And there are not many customers. The customers may start with 1 or 2 manufacturers, earlier, 
if you see, they were also they started making their own engines. So some of the customers 
make their own motors. But we frankly do not see that as an issue because when you go for 
different variants of the car vehicles, you need different motors. 
 
And  every vehicle is a different animal, and it requires a different sizing of motor. And the 
kind of variants that will be required, it is not possible for the OEMs to continue. They have to 
focus on the end product rather than focusing on a part technology. So I think the part 
technology will continue to grow amongst all the supplier community, and that's what we see 
as a good opportunity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranay. 
Pranay: 
Congratulations on consistent performance. I just have one question regarding the capacity 
utilization, regarding the Coimbatore EV plant, so  have we achieved a 50% utilization or what 
is the utilization? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So normally, we don't give these figures of utilization, as I said, closely tracked by 
competitors. So we have enough capacity. We continue to invest in the capacity. As I said, last 
time also, we have invested. We have put up a brand-new plant with complete modern 
equipment, and it's a state-of-the-art plant with a lot of capacity, and we don't see any major 
issue as far as capacity is concerned. 
Pranay: 
Okay. So the next question is coming to our recent shareholding increase in one of our 
subsidiaries, right? So is that already included as part of the Q2? Or will that be effective from 
Q3? Change in the shareholding of EMF? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, yes. It is already in effect. We had to raise capital primarily for further investments. So, 
you can see that we are continuing to invest, and we are continuing to grow that franchise. And 
we have good customers in the list. 
Pranay: 
Yes. So in that front, sir, is that going forward, do you see a meaningful chunk of our revenue 
coming from those non-piston segments going forward? Is that how we are planning? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Non-piston segment  as it is a very sizable size now with our 2 plastics business and also our 
EV segment. So it's already a very sizable business. 

 
 
Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited
 
 
November 07, 2025 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Pranay: 
Yes, yes. So I'm talking about the future growth. Is that a high-growth sector compared to our 
piston segment? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: All the segments are really good, including our legacy business. And as I said, in all the 
businesses, - we have outgrown the end markets. So what is important is to continue to 
outgrow the end markets. Overall, as a group, consolidated, we are over 3x of the end markets. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Krishnakumar for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. Thank you, Shruti. Again, once again, a good set of questions. I think I really appreciate 
you putting so much of efforts in asking the questions. there is a possibility that we have not 
been able to reply to all the questions. 
 
I request you to please kindly send your questions to our secretarial department. We will 
ensure that we'll send you the reply personally and ensure that you are satisfied with whatever 
questions you have in mind. So, I understand this time constraint, but any kind of questions if 
you have, please do ask us directly also. 
 
We sincerely thank once again everyone who has joined today's earnings call and your active 
participation has greatly enriched the whole discussion today. Our focus remains on achieving 
our strategic goals, and we are really committed to driving sustained positive results. 
 
And as I said, if you have any further queries, please do reach us either through our Investor 
Relations team at Ernst & Young or directly to the company. On behalf of the company, I 
again appreciate you taking out this time, and we deeply appreciate your engagement. Thank 
you. Take care and goodbye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer:  
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. Some minor editing may have been done for better readability. In case of 
discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 07th November 2025 
will prevail. 
