9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,   
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001    
Scrip Code No. 532540 
TCS/SE/188/2025-26 
January 16, 2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)   
Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol - TCS 
Dear Sirs, 
 Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine-month period 
ended December 31, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter and nine-month period ended December 31, 2025, conducted after the meeting of 
Board of Directors held on January 12, 2026, for your information and records. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tcs.com. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited  
Yashaswin Sheth 
Company Secretary 
ACS 15388 
Encl: As above 
YASHASWI
N 
NARENDRA 
SHETH
Digitally signed 
by YASHASWIN 
NARENDRA 
SHETH 
Date: 2026.01.16 
16:30:24 +05'30'

             
 
Page 1 of 32 
 
Tata Consultancy Services Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
January 12, 2026,19:00 hrs IST (08:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TCS Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nehal Shah, Head of 
Investor Relations at TCS. Thank you, and over to you. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, operator. Good evening, and welcome, everyone. Thank 
you for joining us today to discuss TCS' ﬁnancial results for the 
third quarter of ﬁscal year FY2026 that ended on December 31st, 
2025. This call is being webcast through our website and an 
archive including the transcript will be available on the site for the 
duration of this quarter. 
 
The ﬁnancial statements, quarterly factsheet and press releases 
are also available on our website. Our leadership team is present 
on this call to discuss our results. We have with us Mr. K 
Krithivasan, Chief Executive OƯicer and Managing Director. 
K Krithivasan: 
Hello, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Ms. Aarthi Subramanian, Executive Director, President and Chief 
Operating OƯicer. 
Aarthi Subramanian: Good evening, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Mr. Samir Seksaria, Chief Financial OƯicer. 

             
 
Page 2 of 32 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Hello, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
And Mr. Sudeep Kunnumal, Chief Human Resources oƯicer. 
Sudeep Kunnumal: Hello, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Our management team will give a brief overview of the company's 
performance followed by a Q&A session. As you are aware, we 
don't provide any speciﬁc revenue or earnings guidance and 
anything said on this call, which reﬂects our outlook for the future, 
or which could be construed as a forward-looking statement, must 
be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
We have outlined these risks in the second slide of the quarterly 
factsheet, available on our website and e-mailed out to those who 
have subscribed on our mailing list. 
 
With that, I would like to turn the call over to Krithi. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Nehal. Good evening, everyone. Wish you all a very very 
Happy New Year.  
The growth momentum we witnessed in Q2FY26 continued in this 
quarter.   
In Q3, we delivered ₹67,087 crore in revenue. In reported currency, 
our revenue grew by 2.0% sequentially and 4.9% YoY.   
In constant currency, our revenue grew 0.8% sequentially.   
Our International services revenues grew by 0.4% sequentially in 
constant currency.  
Growth was led by Consumer Business Group, Energy, Resources 
& Utilities, Life Sciences & Healthcare, and Communications, 
Media & Information vertical.   

             
 
Page 3 of 32 
 
BFSI and Technology Software and Services did well adjusted for 
seasonality.  
Amongst major markets, Europe continued to do well, 
while North America was ﬂattish.  
Regional Markets continued to deliver strong growth.   
All next-gen service lines continued to grow well sequentially.  
Most client segments showed improvement. On an LTM basis, this 
quarter, we gained 2 additional clients generating more 
than US$100 million in revenue, 8 clients exceeding US$20M, 
and 23 clients bringing in over US$1M each.  
Our Q3 operating margins stood at 25.2%, remaining stable 
sequentially. This excludes one-oƯs. 
We remain steadfast in our ambition to become the world’s largest 
AI-led technology services company, guided by a comprehensive 
ﬁve-pillar strategy. We are delivering accelerated value to our 
clients through strategic investments across the full AI stack, from 
infrastructure to intelligence.   
Our AI services now generate US$1.8 billion in annualized revenue 
and is growing at 17.3% QoQ in constant currency.  
In Q3, we continued to win several large deals across markets and 
industries, including one mega deal win in North America. We 
achieved an overall TCV of US$9.3 billion. BFSI TCV was at US$3.8 
billion, Consumer Business TCV was at US$1.4 billion, and North 
America TCV stood at US$4.9 billion.   

             
 
Page 4 of 32 
 
Based on client conversation, strong deal momentum and the 
leadership we are gaining in AI, we are conﬁdent of a 
good CY2026.   
I'll now invite Samir to share further details on our ﬁnancial 
performance.  
Samir Seksaria: 
Thank you, Krithi. Good day everyone. 
Highlighting the revenue numbers again. In Q3, we delivered 
₹67,087 crore in revenue. In reported currency, our revenue grew 
2.0% sequentially and 4.9% YoY.  
In constant currency, our revenue grew 0.8% sequentially.  
Coming to margins, in Q3, improvements in productivity, pyramid 
and other operational eƯiciencies delivered an 80-basis-point 
beneﬁt. Favorable currency movements contributed an additional 
20 basis points. Full quarter impact of the wage increases 
announced last quarter had a negative impact of 50 basis points. 
Investments in brand building and partnerships had an impact of 
50 basis points. All of the above resulted in a stable operating 
margin of 25.2%. 
The operating margin excludes a few one-oƯ items recognised 
during this quarter. These exceptional items relate to severance-
related expenses, legal provisions, and the impact of changes in 
India wage code.  
Our net income margin was at 20%, and our EPS grew 8.5% Y-o-Y.  
Our accounts receivable was at 76 days outstanding in dollar 
terms. 

             
 
Page 5 of 32 
 
Net cash from operations was US$1.6 billion, which is 130.4% of 
net income. Free cash ﬂows were at US$1.4 billion and invested 
funds at the end of the period stood at US$7.1 billion. 
Our sustained margin performance and strong cash conversion 
this quarter, reﬂects our disciplined execution and strong ﬁnancial 
resilience. Backed by a robust balance sheet, we continue to 
invest conﬁdently in strategic growth areas. Executing our ﬁve-
pillar AI strategy at speed and scale is central to our 
transformation into an AI-ﬁrst enterprise and delivering long-term 
value for our stakeholders. 
Our capital allocation policy remains unchanged, i.e. to give 
substantial free cash ﬂow back to shareholders. The Board has 
recommended an interim dividend of ₹11 per share and a special 
dividend of ₹46 per share.   
I would now like to invite Aarthi. 
Aarthi Subramanian: Thank you, Samir. Good evening. I would like to wish all of you a 
great year ahead. 
 
As you know, this quarter we hosted our Analyst Day on 17th 
December 2025. We provided a comprehensive view of our 
strategy and approach to realize our stated ambition. We covered:  
 Our full stack AI play across Infrastructure to Intelligence  
 Provided details on the 5 strategic pillars powering our AI 
transformation  
 We also provided a complete view encompassing employees, 
customers, partners and the larger AI ecosystem stakeholders. 
 

             
 
Page 6 of 32 
 
From a Q3 perspective, multiple service lines delivered growth.  AI 
& Data, Enterprise Solutions, IoT and Digital Engineering, and 
Cybersecurity led the growth this quarter. Our annualized AI 
revenue crossed US$1.8 billion with 17.3% quarter-on-quarter 
growth in constant currency.  
 
The rate of production deployments for AI projects in 2025 showed 
a marked improvement over the prior year, with performance in Q3 
further reinforcing this positive trend. Last quarter, I talked about 
how our AI Innovation Days and Rapid Build approach are making 
AI real for our customers. With many of the enterprises looking to 
jump start and scale their AI transformation, AI Innovation Days 
and Rapid Builds are fast becoming our core levers to drive 
diƯerentiated customer engagement. 
 
I would now like to share updates on key pillars of our AI 
transformation. 
tcsAI: Internal Transformation  
In Q3, we continue to democratize access to all AI tools and build 
on the success of the world’s largest AI Hackathon in Q2.  “AI 
Friday Hackathons”, the in-person immersive format has created 
signiﬁcant engagement and buzz amongst our employees. It has 
enabled them to explore and develop their talents, while also 
allowing them to learn about the fast-changing capabilities of AI.  
This initiative has been particularly eƯective in bridging boundaries 
between seniors and juniors as well as experts and beginners.  26 

             
 
Page 7 of 32 
 
teams reached the ﬁnals, which were conducted in Q3, generating 
more than 15 patentable solutions. 
We also continued to scale our own adoption of AI across our 
enterprise. 
This quarter we launched AI-First solutions in hiring and employee 
onboarding. We also scaled our AI-powered personalized learning 
platform, the “Learning Coach”.   
Redefining All Services 
Redeﬁning Service Lines with AI is a strategic priority.  
 
During the Analyst Day, we shared details of our uniﬁed Human+AI 
Services Autonomy Model. This includes ﬁve levels of autonomy 
from using AI as a tool at Level 1 to building an Agentic enterprise 
at Level 5. This has been instantiated for every service line. 
  
This structured approach has been well received by our customers 
as it aligns to their AI-driven transformation initiatives with clearly 
deﬁned goals and outcomes. For example: 
 For a global insurer, we improved software engineering 
practices from Level 2 autonomy to Level 3 autonomy, thereby 
delivering 2x improvement in deployment frequency and 30% 
reduction in time to market.  
 For a leading UK airline, we have compressed major-incident 
cycles by half, resulting in 40% higher operational eƯiciency 
using our ‘March to Zero’ IT Operations framework.  

             
 
Page 8 of 32 
 
Making AI Real for Clients  
In Q3, we sustained our focus to innovate, build, and scale AI 
solutions for clients across industries. We see the innovate-to-
build cycle accelerating sharply, with over three times more rapid 
builds, that we delivered for our customers this quarter.  
 
We set up two AI Labs in India—one for a leading US insurer to 
scale agentic transformation across insurance value chain and 
software engineering; and another for a regional US bank for 
Agentic AI-led Operations in KYC and AML investigations. These 
labs are helping our customers incubate and create a strong 
pipeline for AI rapid builds. 
 
We also delivered several high-impact AI implementations, 
showcasing measurable business value by combining traditional 
AI, GenAI and Agentic AI capabilities. I would like to share few 
examples of our customer success stories this quarter.  
 Our team played a key role in reimagining store operations, 
with multiple agents automating routine interventions, 
boosting sales by 25% and saving store managers 90 minutes 
on their weekly eƯorts.  
 TCS won the IoT Breakthrough Award 2026 and was recognized 
as the ‘AI Powered IoT Solution Provider of the Year’. TCS is the 
only GSI to win in this category. We developed this solution for 
a leading integrated container logistics company. TCS brought 
together traditional AI, Vision AI and IoT solutions to deliver 
signiﬁcant improvements in safety posture at the terminals.  
 

             
 
Page 9 of 32 
 
In summary, Q3 saw good traction across services in a traditionally 
soft quarter. Going forward, we will continue to engage with our 
customers with a two-pronged focus:  
 First, ‘Get AI ready’: Partner with them to build a strong 
enterprise technology foundation required for their AI 
transformation.  
 Secondly, ‘Lead with AI’: Engage with business and technology 
teams to help them establish early competitive advantage in 
AI.  
Thank you. I would now like to hand over to Sudeep. 
Sudeep Kunnumal: Thank you, Aarthi. Hello everyone again. Wish you all a very Happy 
New Year. 
Our associates are at the heart of our transformation into an AI-
ﬁrst enterprise. The passion and commitment our associates show 
in mastering future-ready skills gives us the conﬁdence to innovate 
responsibly and deliver sustainable value as AI reshapes the 
services landscape. 
At the end of Q3FY26, our global headcount stands at 582,163, 
with associates from 149 nationalities and 35.1% women. Last 
twelve months (LTM) voluntary attrition in IT Services stands at 
13.5%, up by 20 basis points sequentially. 
We continue to make signiﬁcant investments in building a hi-
performance workforce with future-ready skills. 
 
51.2 million learning hours have been completed year-to-date 
(YTD). 
 
3.8 million competencies have been acquired YTD. 

             
 
Page 10 of 32 
 
 
We now have 217,000+ employees with higher order skills in AI, 
which is a 3X increase over last year.  
The second aspect of our talent transformation is role evolution. 
AI is creating new roles, such as rapid-build engineers and leads, 
which are increasingly vital for the future. We are currently working 
on aligning our role framework with AI as the centerpiece. All 
components of this framework are being systematically reviewed 
to ensure future readiness. 
The third aspect is future-ready hiring. We continue to focus our 
eƯorts in attracting top talent globally. Over the last year, we have 
doubled down on advisory and consulting talent across the big 
bets in areas like cybersecurity, enterprise solutions, cloud, AI and 
Data and positioning them closer to customers. Over 50% of our 
experienced hires are coming with next-gen skill sets. We hired 
signiﬁcant number of AI-native fresh graduates. Our Initial Learning 
Program (ILP) has been enhanced to include Gen AI as an integral 
part of the curriculum. All trainees now have access to a 
comprehensive AI ecosystem of learning, hands-on  assessment 
platforms. 
As part of our pioneering industry-academia collaboration, we are 
actively involved in designing of industry relevant curriculum. TCS 
APEX Mega-FDP is focused on faculty development from academia 
with knowledge of new-age technologies. 
Our future ready talent model and our talent development 
programmes are gaining market recognition.  
Recently, we : 

             
 
Page 11 of 32 
 
 Ranked #1 in Everest Group PEAK Matrix® for Talent Readiness 
for Next Generation Data, Analytics, and AI Services 
 Featured on Forbes America's Best Employers for Engineers 
2026  
 Ranked #1 Technology Services Firm globally in Newsweek 
Magazine’s 2026 ranking of America’s Most Reliable 
Companies. 
I would now like to invite you back, Krithi. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Sudeep. 
Let me now share more details on our performance across the 
industry verticals: 
 BFSI continues to show good growth momentum despite the 
current quarter seasonality and being impacted by furloughs. 
BFSI achieved an overall TCV of US$3.8 billion, up by US$ 600 
million QoQ and YoY. This includes one mega deal in BFSI 
North America. This comes on the back of a mega deal that we 
had announced in the previous quarter as well. Even on 
exclusion of the mega deals, BFSI TCV and pipeline continues 
to be robust.  
o BFSI organizations continue to exercise cost discipline 
while prioritizing targeted investments in resilience, 
compliance, and operational eƯiciency. Technology 
expenditures remain centered on validated solutions 
and simpliﬁed architectures. AI adoption is increasing, 
underpinned by robust governance and regulatory 
alignment, although agentic AI implementation is 
proceeding cautiously. 

             
 
Page 12 of 32 
 
o Retail banks are focused on enhancing customer 
experience, adopting AI applications, leveraging 
ecosystem partnerships, and strengthening fraud 
prevention eƯorts. Corporate banks are modernizing 
their operations through cloud migration and digital 
enhancements. The payments sector is experiencing 
rapid transformation driven by regionalization, whereas 
capital markets and asset management sectors 
maintain strong performance. 
o Modernization initiatives are being prioritized by BFSI 
clients. The insurance industry is adapting to new 
sources of disruption, including emerging risk products 
and AI integration. Brokerage and agency channels are 
consolidating in response to shifting market dynamics. 
This quarter, several signiﬁcant project deployments were 
realized: 
 For a major global insurer, TCS implemented an AI-powered 
underwriting solution that shortened quote turnaround 
from weeks to hours with improved accuracy. 
 For a Finnish insurance company, an AI-driven quality 
assurance framework was delivered, reducing manual 
testing eƯorts by 70%. 
 TCS successfully launched three large-scale, cloud-based 
modernization programs for leading BFSI clients in Q3, 
resulting in quicker product launches, strengthened 
security postures, and enhanced operational eƯiciencies. 
 

             
 
Page 13 of 32 
 
 Our Consumer Business Group saw sequential growth led by 
Retail, Travel and hospitality segments, reﬂecting pockets of 
resilience and cautious optimism. Americas, Europe, and 
APAC grew, while the UK faced ongoing challenges. 
o Retailers focused on value-driven strategies, digital 
engagement, and AI-powered personalization to 
oƯset cost pressures and margin challenges.  
o CPG companies prioritized health, premiumization, 
and operational eƯiciency through AI and 
automation. 
o Travel, transport and hospitality (TTH) beneﬁted from 
strong international travel and digital transformation, 
though domestic markets remained subdued. 
  
 The Life Sciences & Healthcare sector saw good growth 
momentum this quarter. The sector is undergoing multiple 
shifts across industry segments, led by regulatory 
interventions, impact of AI, risk and security challenges and 
changing consumer behaviour.  
o Biopharma manufacturers are heavily investing in 
automation, continuous manufacturing, robotics, 
and AI-driven labs to enhance eƯiciency and 
sustainability. 
o Majority of life sciences companies have adopted or 
piloted generative AI, especially for drug discovery 
and automating literature reviews. 
o Investments in digital health tools, telemedicine, 
wearables, and remote patient monitoring are 
surging. AI-enhanced diagnostic tools, such as 

             
 
Page 14 of 32 
 
radiology AI, and rapid pathogen detection systems, 
are high priorities.  
o Providers and payers are spearheading AI 
deployment in revenue cycle management, clinical 
workﬂows, utilization, and network management, 
moving beyond pilot projects. 
o Spend on cloud infrastructure, cybersecurity, data 
governance, and edge computing is on the rise. 
 
 Manufacturing posted marginal growth in Q3. While the 
automotive sector remained subdued, other industries 
demonstrated growth momentum even in the face of 
seasonal challenges. Investments in smart manufacturing 
persist, as both agentic and physical AI enhance 
competitiveness, agility, and resilience during ongoing 
market uncertainty. In this quarter, TCS delivered several AI-
powered agents, specialized ﬁne-tuned models, and vision-
based solutions that automate complex tasks, enhance 
customer and dealer experiences, and drive operational 
eƯiciency. These initiatives have resulted in measurable 
business outcomes for our clients such as reduced manual 
eƯort, accelerated time-to-market, improved decision-
making, and signiﬁcant cost savings. 
o We expanded our 18-year partnership with ABB, a 
global leader in electriﬁcation and automation. The 
partnership aims to modernise ABB’s global hosting 
operations, simplifying its IT landscape, and 
strengthen its digital foundation to drive resilience 

             
 
Page 15 of 32 
 
and innovation. As part of this multi-year 
engagement, TCS will operationalise ABB’s Future 
Hosting Model, a next-generation modular IT 
infrastructure designed to streamline systems. This 
model will enable predictive operations, faster 
service restoration, and continuous security 
assurance through its AI-powered Zero Ops 
framework. 
 
 Our Technology Software and Services de-grew in Q3FY26 
primarily due to typical Q3 seasonality. While the big tech 
companies are investing signiﬁcantly in AI infrastructure 
and building frontier AI capabilities, the broader industry is 
facing ongoing geopolitical uncertainty, trade restrictions, 
and evolving data and AI regulations. This quarter, 
workforce restructuring continued, with major layoƯs 
among top clients. Customers are focusing on AI 
development, operational eƯiciency, and manufacturing 
diversiﬁcation to manage risks and drive growth. 
o Semiconductor and Electronics segments are seeing 
moderate growth, especially in AI hardware, while 
Industrial and Automotive Electronics remain weak. 
Investments in semiconductor manufacturing and 
R&D are rising, particularly in the US, India, and 
Europe. Network growth is ﬂat overall, with 
Enterprise Networking beneﬁting from increased AI 
infrastructure demand. Software companies are 
steadily integrating Agentic AI and moving products 

             
 
Page 16 of 32 
 
to the cloud. Professional Services continue to 
experience slower growth. 
o Cost optimization is a key client priority. We are 
supporting digital transformation and eƯiciency 
through AI-powered operations, modernization of 
engineering environments, SaaS optimization, 
adoption of open-source network technologies, and 
the shift from x86 to ARM-based devices. 
o A prominent North American software company has 
engaged TCS to provide down-sell prevention and 
churn mitigation services for end-users on one of its 
ﬂagship enterprise platforms. TCS will implement a 
robust execution model across multiple regions, 
aiming to enhance platform adoption, deepen 
customer engagement, and minimize churn. These 
objectives will be achieved through the integration of 
AI-driven solutions and streamlined service delivery, 
ultimately improving the overall customer 
experience. 
 
 CMI showed positive growth momentum this quarter, 
driven by clients seeking measurable ROI on automation, AI 
eƯiciency, ad monetization, and resilient IT. We are 
addressing these needs with outcome-based 
transformation, modernizing operations and embedding AI 
across processes. We are also actively leveraging strategic 
partnerships with hyperscalers like Microsoft, Google, and 
NVIDIA to accelerate AI capabilities, co-innovate with 

             
 
Page 17 of 32 
 
clients, and deliver rapid solution builds that demonstrate 
business value. 
 
 ERU posted strong growth this quarter. The ERU sector is 
rapidly moving toward a low-carbon future, making 
signiﬁcant investments in renewable energy, electriﬁcation, 
and advanced storage solutions. Companies are leveraging 
AI-driven platforms and providing workforce training to 
boost eƯiciency and adaptability. While the Americas, 
APAC and MEA regions showed notable growth, UK & 
Europe, despite a short period of slower progress, continue 
to prioritise clean energy initiatives and digital 
enhancements, supporting ongoing global development. 
The demand is robust for our AI-led services. 
 
 Growth Markets: Growth Markets remain resilient despite 
geopolitical challenges, with steady enterprise IT spending 
and increasing public sector investment in digital 
infrastructure. Revenue growth is led by the enterprise 
segment in India and strong public services momentum 
across India, APAC, and MEA, with broad-based service 
revenue gains. Public Services continues to deliver 
standout wins. 
I will now talk about the ﬁfth pillar of our strategy, AI ecosystem 
play. 
In Q3, we continued to establish ourselves deeply into the AI 
ecosystem: 

             
 
Page 18 of 32 
 
 During the quarter, we announced a US$1 billion equity 
partnership with TPG, a leading global alternative asset 
management ﬁrm to support the growth of our GW-scale AI 
data center infrastructure build out. We are making good 
progress in our discussions with prospective clients. 
 On M&A, we announced the acquisition of Coastal Cloud, 
in the U.S. to strengthen our Salesforce and AI consulting 
services. Together with ListEngage, we are now among the 
top 5 global Salesforce consultants, gaining over 500 
experts and 3,400 certiﬁcations, and boosting our CRM 
capabilities. These acquisitions also strengthen our 
capabilities in advisory, implementation, and managed 
services, providing a complete multi-cloud oƯering across 
all Salesforce modules. The acquisitions also deepen our 
partnership with Salesforce through established partner 
board roles and summit partnerships and extend our reach 
into new market segments. The acquisition of Coastal 
Cloud is pending regulatory approval. 
With this, I will now open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We take our ﬁrst question from the line of Sudheer 
Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: I am just doubling down on your initial remark of the conﬁdence of 
the good CY '26. Maybe if you can contextualize the statement, it a 
bit more there, it will be helpful. Are you seeing any green shoots of 
improvement in discretionary or short-cycle projects that is giving 
you this conﬁdence? Or also, if we have to see a demand recovery 

             
 
Page 19 of 32 
 
in international markets in CY '26, which speciﬁc segments do you 
think should drive this? 
K Krithivasan: 
Thanks, Sudheer. In Q2, we had called out that the overall demand 
environment is improving compared to Q1.  In Q3, that trend 
continues. And Aarthi also mentioned about a number of Rapid 
Builds projects in AI we are doing. 
 
Essentially the short-cycle project side, the decision-making is 
faster based on the ROI. We see a steady increase, and you can 
see that reﬂected in our AI revenue that we are reporting, and this 
is across all industry segments. AI and data are continuing to drive 
growth for us. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Sure, sir. Some of the key segments like North America and UK 
across geographies have either declined or were soft in this 
quarter, so seasonality and furloughs alone explain this? Or is 
there any other issue along with the normal seasonality that might 
be playing out here? 
K Krithivasan: 
It is primarily seasonality here, Sudheer. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: All right, sir. Thank you and all the very best. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Ravi Menon 
from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
The ﬁrst is the increase in other expenses within the SG&A. There’s 
a very sharp increase — about 77% year-on-year and 41% quarter-

             
 
Page 20 of 32 
 
on-quarter. Could you talk a bit about that? The other expenses are 
about ₹7.3 billion this quarter. 
First question is on the AI run rate. It’s a strong number, $1.8 
billion. Could you talk a bit about whether this is preparing the 
customers’ overall landscape for adopting AI, or are these really 
speciﬁc AI use cases? Which are you seeing more of? 
Samir Seksaria: 
First on the other expenses part, the increase both sequentially 
and Y-o-Y is primarily on account of legal expenses, also from 
leading from M&A-related ones, the legal fees, etc. Marketing 
initiatives has increased. A lot of our events, etc. converged into 
Q3 and also includes CSR initiatives. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you. So some of this will recur , some of it won't recur, right? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Yes. 
Aarthi Subramanian: To answer your question on AI. These AI revenues, like in the 
Analyst Day, we had reported US$1.5 billion annualized, and this 
quarter, the number is US$1.8 billion annualized. This includes 
primarily AI programs across industry value chain.  And the data 
eƯorts that are required to deliver those AI projects. 
 
Let’s say, we are doing software engineering, we are using AI for 
testing. Those are not included. So primarily 2 types of AI 
programs, AI for business transformation across industry value 
chains, across verticals. The second is when you use AI for 
modernization. Those are the 2 buckets I'll call. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks. Perfect. 

             
 
Page 21 of 32 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from 
Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Krithi, you mentioned that the weakness in the BFSI segment was 
quite seasonal in nature and we had a good amount of business in 
this quarter and the last quarter as well. Going forward, let's say, 
next few quarters, do we expect this growth momentum to reﬂect 
in the revenue growth itself for BFSI? 
 
Similarly, in the retail business, we've seen good pickup. Was the 
retail business kind of driven by the seasonality in this quarter? Or 
do you see the growth momentum in the retail business also to 
sustain in the coming quarters? If you could just answer that. After 
that, I have a follow-up question. 
K Krithivasan: 
In BFSI, it's primarily seasonality that impacted us in this quarter. 
But the overall deal momentum that we are seeing excluding the 
seasonality, the growth we saw in the accounts, gives us the 
conﬁdence that BFSI will return to growth. If you notice that before 
this quarter also for the past few quarters, we had grown in BFSI, 
so we should return to growth and that should continue. 
 
Retail, the seasonality is not the main reason. Again, in retail, we 
have started seeing growth across all sectors. While there are still 
some pockets of weakness, like I called out domestic airline is still 
weak, but international TTH is doing well. Essential in retail is doing 
well, but there is some softness in fashion and specialty. So 
excepting those pockets of weakness, we are generally seeing all-
round pickup in CBG segment as well. 

             
 
Page 22 of 32 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Just one follow-up on that, you had mentioned that we are looking 
to report a higher growth in the developed markets this year. I 
mean do you think we can still achieve that in this year?  And do 
you think this would also be the case going forward in FY '27 over a 
cycle, just on the developed markets? 
K Krithivasan: 
Yes, Vibhor like we did tell in the past that our international market, 
we will continue delivering a higher growth. Now that we only have 
one quarter left, but it continues to be our aspiration that we would 
make every eƯort. We saw demand slowly picking up in Q2 that 
continued in Q3. We are taking every step to ensure that we grow 
better than FY '25 in FY '26 in the international market. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Thanks a lot, Krithi. Just a couple of questions, for Samir. Sir, just 
two things. One is we had a very strong margin performance in this 
quarter despite the 2-month wage hike; in fact we were able to 
report ﬂat margins. Now given that we have two, three quarters in 
which there will be no wage hike and no structural headwind per 
se. Do you believe we are getting closer to that aspiration band of 
26% to 28% margins in the coming quarters? 
Samir Seksaria: 
If you look at it from a headwind perspective, Vibhor, apart from 
the macro uncertainty, I think if you go back to last year, we had an 
annual intervention cycle coming in Q4 that could be a headwind. 
Other than that, I think nothing major, except the investments 
which we have been making and calling out. But irrespective of 
that, while we will not shy away from making investments, we want 
to inch closer to our 26% to 28% band and we'll make all eƯorts to 
climb towards 26%. 

             
 
Page 23 of 32 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
That is great to hear. Just last one from my side. Sir, on the labor 
law provision that we have taken, I know this is going to be an 
industry-wide practice. In fact, not just industry, I think all of us will 
be impacted in terms of proﬁts. Could you just speak a bit about 
the nature of this expense and is this,  I mean this is an exceptional 
item. From next quarter onwards, how does the labor laws impact 
will be taken care of in the entire P&L? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Basis the guidance received overall on the new labor code, the way 
they have been implemented, the guidance we have received and 
factoring in some bit of restructuring. We have made an 
assessment and made a provision of ₹ 2,128 crores. The nature of 
it, we have called out in our ﬁnancial statements, gratuity amounts 
to about ₹ 1,800 crores and leave liability is balance ₹ 300 crores. 
This is all past service costs, and hence called as one oƯ. We 
expect the ongoing impact to be minimal, around 10 to 15 basis 
points.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Going forward, next quarter onwards we will just take the impact of 
this of around 10 basis points to 15 basis points above the EBITDA 
in our normal operating margin, there will be no other exceptional 
items from Q4? 
Samir Seksaria: 
On the labor code we don't expect any incremental one-oƯ’s. 
Unless the rules give more clarity and there is something else 
which needs to be addressed, because the rules came into eƯect, 
and the guidance came towards the end of December. We have 
made an assessment and done the provision basis that. And we'll 
call it out if there is a change in the understanding of our rules. 

             
 
Page 24 of 32 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Thank you so much for taking the questions and wish you all the 
best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan 
from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Good evening and Happy New Year. I had few questions. North 
American market has been  relatively soft over the last 12 quarters 
or so. You think with international coming back, North America will 
really start contributing and we should start seeing this edging up 
from a growth perspective?  
The second is, do you think the restructuring costs are largely 
over? And then the third one is, do you think we should see any 
revenue from BSNL this ﬁscal or it just moves over? Lastly your 
thoughts on the recent development on credit card rates in the 
U.S., do you think that in some form, impacts your payment 
customers and what could be the exposure there? 
K Krithivasan: 
Nitin, I will take the question on North America, BSNL, Credit card 
and then invite Sudeep to talk about the restructuring. In North 
America, like we discussed the market in general, we ﬁnd that the 
customers are willing to look at ROI-based decision making in 
terms of new projects and we also see the decision-making cycle 
has reduced compared to the past and the momentum we saw in 
Q2 continued.  
We are optimistic that  North America will return to better growth 
than before. In terms of revenue from BSNL, the revenue that we 
recognized this quarter is very similar to the revenue that we got 
from BSNL last quarter and unless formal ﬁnal PO is received, we 

             
 
Page 25 of 32 
 
don't expect the revenue pickup in BSNL (for the 2nd phase), but we 
will keep you posted whenever it happens. 
On the credit card, there are both positives and negatives, like 
while there could be some losses the banks may suƯer in terms of 
interest income, but it also ensures that there is more spend 
happening because the interest rates are capped.  
I feel that it will have a two way impact, certain industries will 
beneﬁt. Even in banking, the new spend can increase while the old 
spend interest could come down. So it will have a very nuanced or 
probably multilayered impact, we have to wait and watch. But on 
net-net basis, we don't see a major impact because of this 
particular rule that's come in. I'll now invite Sudeep to update you 
on the restructuring. 
Sudeep Kunnumal: Thank you, Krithi. Hi, Nitin. So, as I mentioned, we continue to hire 
and seek for top talent, both from the lateral market and from the 
campuses as well. While we are in that journey, what we had 
announced as part of the restructuring, we continue to look for 
support people with deployment into future role. 
Wherever we are not ﬁnding success in re-deployment - is where 
we are releasing the workforce. So, we said we will continue this 
exercise till the end of this year. And in this quarter, we released 
approximately 1,800 people with all the due care and compliance 
to all the laws of the land. And as communicated earlier, we expect 
it to continue into the next quarter as well. 

             
 
Page 26 of 32 
 
But we are not really going after a number. It's purely a process, we 
review it. Only if there is a genuine reason if we need to release is 
when we'll exercise that option. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Perfect. That’s helpful. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from 
BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.  
Kumar Rakesh: 
Hi, good evening. My ﬁrst question was that you spoke about that 
you are targeting to improve your international revenue this 
ﬁnancial year. Now looking at your book-to-bill ratio over the last 2 
years, it has been in the range of 1.3x to 1.5x. 
This year, it has been largely below 1.3x, are you comfortable that 
this level of order book can help you continue to see revenue 
growth improvement beyond ﬁscal '26 as well? Or you would need 
to see an improvement in the deal wins? 
K Krithivasan: 
Kumar, if you look at this year, so far in the ﬁrst three quarters, our 
order book is in the range of about US$28 billion to US$29 billion. If 
this trend continues, we will be somewhere closer to about US$38-
39 billion for the year, which will be one of the highest. 
We believe this order book will help us in growing in FY '27 as well. 
We are now quite comfortable, Kumar, with the order book itself. I 
think as far as international revenue in Q4 is concerned, we are 
optimistic, and we'll take every step that's required to see we reach 
the aspiration of having a revenue better than FY '25. 

             
 
Page 27 of 32 
 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thanks, Krithi. My second question was on the AI services revenue, 
which you spoke about is growing pretty strongly on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. Can you give some more color on what is driving that 
growth? You also spoke about that Agentic AI implementation is 
proceeding cautiously. Why is it so? 
Aarthi Subramanian: I think, Kumar, if you look at the AI revenues, the growth is coming 
from across verticals and these are business impacting programs 
that we are delivering for our customers. If you really look at it, I 
think when GenAI is something we all started talking about 
sometime late towards 2022 and early 2023. 
For about 1-1.5 years until about mid-2024, there was a lot of 
experimentation, PoCs and people were understanding the power 
of the technology. But if you really look at 2025, I think the adoption 
in our customer landscape has signiﬁcantly increased, where we 
have now shifted from experiment PoCs and pilots to really, ROI-
led scaled implementations, and that's what is driving this growth. 
And Agentic AI getting introduced early in 2025 also created good 
momentum because traditional AI, Generative AI and Agentic AI, 
the combination is what is helping us deliver solutions that create 
value for our customers. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thanks. Samir, just one clariﬁcation on SG&A expense increase, 
which you called out. What all would be one-time in nature in that? 
I would assume that legal expenses wouldn't recur from the next 
quarter onwards, so if you will be able to quantify within that? 
Samir Seksaria: 
The legal expenses has a combination of some ongoing elements 
also and the legal fees related for the concluded legal case would 

             
 
Page 28 of 32 
 
have been one-time. It would be hair splitting, calling out each line 
item separately and its impact, but you would expect some other 
one-oƯs like the CSR provisions, etc, might continue into the next 
period. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
So essentially, the SG&A expense in this quarter largely would be 
an ongoing expense. Is that a fair way to say that? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Partly, it's a mix of both, but I'm not going to hair split into how 
much it is recurring or non-recurring. You could say about 10 to 20 
basis points is one-time. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Got it. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from 
BMO. Please go ahead. 
Keith Bachman: 
Yes. Thank you very much. I was hoping you could talk about 
what's the changes in economics on renewals today or currently 
versus, say, 2 years ago? And what I wanted to understand is, at 
the time of renewal, what's the price diƯerence on the like-for-like 
work at the time of renewal? 
How much more are you incrementally focused on selling 
incremental services to oƯset the price declines that I think are 
largely driven by the beneﬁts of AI? But if you could just speak to 
broadly what renewals look like today versus, say 2 or 3 years ago? 
Thank you. 
K Krithivasan: 
Bachman, if you look at the renewal, most of the renewals would 
bake in some productivity. But that is business as usual, that is I 

             
 
Page 29 of 32 
 
don't think related to AI. Even without AI coming to picture, most of 
the renewals have some productivity baked in. It could weigh in the 
range of 10%-15% over a term of the contract. 
We have seen every time a renewal happens, it increases the 
scope of operation that we do. So, net-net, you'll ﬁnd very often 
when the renewal happens, the top line or the total quantum of 
revenue doesn't decrease, but the quantum of work that we 
commit to deliver to our customer, that increases, oƯsetting the 
top line,  because the productivity is achieved by TCS, you don't 
see a hit in realization, but the quantum or the amount of work we 
deliver increases.  
Now with AI coming in, our approach has always been that we 
proactively go to customers even before the start of the renewal 
cycle. We go to customer with opportunities to deploy AI and how 
we can achieve a certain amount of productivity through AI. Once 
we renew it, at the time of renewal, it embeds AI productivity and 
very often, as I said, increases the scope of our work as well. 
Keith Bachman: 
So is your contention that 10% to 15%, you're suggesting that's the 
same what the renewals  the price discounts at time of the 
renewal, that's where it was 2-3 years ago. You're saying that's a 
consistent number? 
K Krithivasan: 
It could vary. I said just to give it as an example. But the point I'm 
trying to make is there is a productivity, but there is a volume of 
work that is being delivered that also increases. So by and large, 
the total value of the contract doesn't change or reduce much, but 

             
 
Page 30 of 32 
 
we end up delivering more volume of work, but at a higher 
productivity. 
Keith Bachman: 
The second question I had was similar. As you're bidding for net 
new work and you're bidding in cost beneﬁts or supply the 
beneﬁts, if you will, is there more variance allowed in the 
contracts? What I mean by that is, are you structuring the 
contracts diƯerently in that you allow for if the cost curves are 
better, then you allow for some sharing with the clients, if the 
beneﬁts that you predicted in the contracts aren't as good than the 
client shares back with you. Is there more ﬂexibility because you're 
adopting new technology as you're bidding out multiyear 
contracts? 
K Krithivasan: 
We have been quite open to that. But at the same time, it's fair to 
say most contracts assume a fairly aggressive AI productivity to 
come in and baking the expected productivity at the beginning of 
the contract itself. But we would be quite open to work with our 
customers where we are able to get or achieve greater productivity. 
 
If you have to share it, we would be quite open. But to be fair, we 
are not seeing the type of contract where the ﬂexibility is built in 
within the contract. Most contracts assume a certain productivity 
over a period of time and are priced accordingly. 
Keith Bachman: 
All right. That's it for me. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhanshree from Choice 
Institution Equities. Please go ahead. 

             
 
Page 31 of 32 
 
Dhanshree: 
Thanks for taking my question. As you have already called out AI 
revenues of US$1.8 billion, so if you can give some more color in 
terms of how our pipeline is led by AI? What is the growth in last 9 
months in this pipeline? Growth that we see going ahead? 
Aarthi Subramanian: Dhanshree, like we said, we are seeing increased momentum 
quarter-on-quarter and in Q3, it's the ﬁrst time we started 
publishing our annualized AI revenues. In mid-December, this 
number was US$1.5 billion annualized and quarter closure is 
US$1.8 billion. We are seeing increased traction, good momentum 
across our client base and we expect AI revenues to continue to 
grow with a strong growth rate. 
Dhanshree: 
Some color on data center operations, when the actual operations 
will start favoring the numbers, some cues on the timeline would 
be helpful. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Dhanshree, what we had called out is, that we would be ﬁrst 
announcing an anchor customer and basis the requirements of the 
anchor customer, we are going to do the build-out. Typically build 
out would require about 18 months, post which revenue should 
start ticking in. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Over to you. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, operator. 
In summary, 

             
 
Page 32 of 32 
 
 The growth momentum we witnessed in Q2FY26 continued in 
Q3FY26.  
 In Q3 FY26, our Revenue grew 0.8% sequentially in constant 
currency, with an operating margin of 25.2% and a net margin 
of 20%.  
 Our AI services now generate US$1.8 billion in annualized 
revenue and is growing at 17.3% QoQ in constant currency. 
 Our TCV was strong, at US$9.3 billion, including a mega deal 
win. 
I would like to conclude by reiterating that we remain steadfast in 
our ambition to become the world’s largest AI-led technology 
services company, guided by a comprehensive ﬁve-pillar strategy 
and our investments in becoming a full stack AI services player 
across infrastructure to intelligence.  
These coupled with enduring partnerships and disciplined 
execution position us uniquely to gain leadership in AI. 
                                            With that, we wrap up our call today. Thank you all for joining us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of TCS, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a 
verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
