Regd. Office: 1st Floor, August Kranti Bhawan, Bhikaji Cama Place, R.K. Puram, New Delhi-110066 
Tel: +91-11-26738299, Fax: +91-11-26182957, Email: Info@rvnl.org, Web: www.rvnl.org 
CIN: L74999DL2003GOl118633 
RVNL/SECY/STEX/2025  
 17.11.2025 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call with Investors 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is in continuation to our letter dated 07.11.2025 regarding intimation of the 
Audio Recording of Conference Call with Investors/Analysts/Institutions on the 
website of the Company. Transcript of the said Concall is attached herewith. 
Transcript of the audio call is available on the website at the below link: 
https://rvnl.org/RVNL_cms/uploads/boardmeeting/TranscriptQ2FY25-26.pdf  
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
(Kalpana Dubey) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip: RVNL 
BSE Ltd. 
Department of Corporate Service, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip: 542649 
KALPANA 
DUBEY
Digitally signed by 
KALPANA DUBEY 
Date: 2025.11.17 
16:44:57 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
  
 
 
“Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q2 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S.C. JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – RAIL VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
MRS. ANUPAM BAN – DIRECTOR PERSONNEL – RAIL 
VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
MR. M. P. SINGH – DIRECTOR OPERATIONS – RAIL 
VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK KUMAR – DIRECTOR FINANCE – RAIL 
VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
MR. CHANDAN KUMAR VERMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – RAIL VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VISHAL PERIWAL – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 

 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Rail Vikas Nigam Limited Q2 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. Please note this call is for 40 minutes. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I will now hand over the call for the introduction of the RVNL 
management. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. So RVNL management team is led by Mr. S.C. Jain, who is the 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mrs. Anupam Ban, who is Director Personnel; Mr. M. P. 
Singh, who is Director Operations; Mr. Abhishek Kumar, Director Finance and accompanied 
with him is Mr. Chandan Kumar Verma, who is Chief Financial Officer at RVNL. So I'll hand 
over the call to management for the opening remarks, and then we'll have lines for Q&A. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Management: 
Good afternoon, everybody. I welcome all the investors on behalf of RVNL management. And 
RVNL in the quarter 2 has done its improvement as compared to the previous quarters. And as 
compared to the last year, also the same quarter, RVNL has done -- has shown better results. 
And as far as RVNL's business plan is concerned, RVNL is strictly progressing in its charted 
path.  
The progress of the projects on our traditional legacy railway projects, some of the flagship 
projects of Rishikesh-Karnaprayag, Bhanupali-Bilaspur, metro projects in Calcutta is going on 
very well. Simultaneously, we are focusing on our projects, which we have won through bidding 
in various sectors. And the progress is very good on the projects. And simultaneously, the new 
business is also being acquired in various sectors.  
And we are also exploring business opportunities in some of the sunrise sectors like solar with 
battery storage systems, operation and maintenance of the rolling stock, where a lot of 
opportunities coming not only from Indian Railways, but also from various metro systems in the 
country. 
 
We are also exploring business opportunities abroad and our -- some of the projects, flagship 
projects like Harbor projects in Maldives is also progressing very well. And we are quite hopeful 
that we'll be able to maintain our stream in the balance period of this financial year. And also 
the order book, which is with us provides us a revenue guidance -- a stable revenue guidance for 
the next 2 to 3 years and the current pace of business acquisition. 
We are very sure to maintain a steady business in the coming financial years, and we hope to 
sustain the revenue guidance what we have projected during the start of the financial year. As 
far as total orders are concerned with RVNL, the legacy orders which are from the Indian 
Railways are to the extent of INR43,000 crores and the balance orders which we have won 
through bidding is of order of INR46,000 crores.  
So total order book is in excess of around INR90,000 crores at present with RVNL. And along 
with this, we are also exploring some of the steady revenue streams, which will provide us 

 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
revenue in the long-term basis also like we have entered into multimodal logistics park sectors 
in collaboration with National Highway Logistics Management Limited and the 4 multimodal 
logistics parks already in the process of operationalization. 
 
We are also bidding through some of the HAM projects where the revenues is steady for the 
next 20 to 25 years of the concession period. So we are quite hopeful that RVNL is on its path 
of progress. And we assure on behalf of RVNL management to the investor that RVNL will 
keep its hand steady and will progress on its path. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Rajagopal an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajagopal: 
Hello Sir, you mentioned -- you said that the total order book is INR90,000 crores, which 
comprises legacy orders of INR43,000 crores and balance INR46,000 crores. Is that correct, the 
current order book? 
Management: 
Yes, Current order book -- you heard rightly, the order book from our legacy railway projects is 
of order of around INR43,000 crores and the projects, which we have won through bidding in 
various sectors is around INR46,000 crores. So around it INR89,000 crores something, roughly 
INR90,000 crores because some of the projects RVNL is in process of regularly acquiring 
orders. Recently also, we acquired 2 orders. So this is a dynamic figure, but roughly it is in this 
order only. 
Rajagopal: 
This is as of September 30 or as of today? 
Management: 
It is on September -- as on September 30. 
Rajagopal:                             Thank you! 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Shelar from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Shubham Shelar: 
Sir, so my question is regarding the order book. So sir, can you provide sector-wise order book 
breakup for your different segments? 
Management: 
Yes. You are concerned about the orders, which are from the legacy railway projects or orders 
which are from? 
Shubham Shelar: 
From different segments, railway... 
Management: 
Yes. So as far as our orders, which we have won through the market bidding, our -- roughly 33% 
contribution is still from the railway projects. They are maybe in the civil engineering sector, 
electrical or signalling. They are in various parts of the country. Then the second largest 
component is from the metro sector.  
Metro sector comprises of around our 22% order books and road sector order book is around 
10%. Our 12% order book is from basically BharatNet project, which is one of our largest and 
flagship projects. And around 10% order is from our share in the Vande Bharat manufacturing. 
This is largely bifurcation of our orders, which are currently with us. 

 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
Shubham Shelar: 
Okay, sir. And sir, what was the order inflow in this quarter? Order inflow... 
Management: 
Order inflows? The total orders in the last quarter, we have received the order of INR852 crores 
in the last quarter. And in the last 6 months, we have got the order of INR2,000 crores. 
Shubham Shelar: 
Okay, sir. And sir, regarding Vande Bharat project, the execution has started? 
Management: 
The Vande Bharat project, the prototype -- the scheme of things is like that. The designs, etc., is 
in various stages of approval, and we have started the mock up and the first prototype scheme is 
that first two prototypes will be produced. They will be tested and then the regular production 
will start. 
 
And the first prototype as per the scheme is -- will be coming in June '26. And the second 
prototype will be coming in August '26. And when these prototypes are tested and certified for 
further production in the balance period of 26-27, 12 regular rates will be produced, followed by 
25 rates every year in the next 5 years. So the total production cycle is of 6 years. 
Shubham Shelar: 
Okay, sir. And sir, O&M part is also included in, sir? 
Management: 
O&M part is for the next 35 years. O&M part, we'll start basically simultaneously because when 
we produce the first 2 prototypes and 12 rates in financial year 26-27, simultaneously their O&M 
will also start. For that Vande Bharat maintenance sets are part of this scheme. They are also 
being upgraded to receive these Vande Bharat train sets for maintenance. 
Shubham Shelar: 
Okay, sir. And sir, one last question regarding EBITDA margins. So last year, we were making 
around 4% to 5% margin. But this year, first half, the margins are actually impacted a little bit. 
So what is the reason for that? 
Management: 
Basically, in this year's turnover, there is almost 30% turnover has come from the bidding 
projects. Yes. In legacy projects, we have very good margins. But in projects we have owned 
through competitive bidding, the margins are slightly lower, which we are trying to improve in 
next quarter. We are basically working on the designs. We are working on the standardization 
processes, different type of processes. So in future, they are going to give good results. But yes, 
the margins are lower because of the bidding projects... 
Shubham Shelar: 
Yes. And sir, one last question regarding what would be the guidance of revenue for this year? 
Management: 
Yes. The revenue guidance, which was given in the start of the year, we still maintain that 
guidance. And the quarter 2 results are quite encouraging as far as the turnover is concerned. 
And roughly, we are in the same range as the last year H1. And this is the main working season 
now the next 4-5 months, they will be giving of some revenue, which will be accelerated at much 
faster pace. And so we maintain the revenue guidance of around INR21,000 crores to INR22,000 
crores for this financial year. 
Shubham Shelar:                  Thank you sir for answering all my questions. 
Management:                        Thank you. 

 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Leekha from Neste Wealth LLP. 
Abhishek Leekha: 
Just want to understand how can we have more value-added revenue line, which can have higher 
EBITDA lines in future because the current EBITDA line is just not very adequate? 
Management: 
Yes. The present revenue line and growth of the company is aligned to the larger ecosystem of 
infrastructure projects, wherein in line with government policy, wherein direct combination 
work for infrastructure has been prohibited from indirectly in order to PSU. So we are aligning 
our business strategies and developing our product profile in a manner that it goes beyond 
railway projects and broadly, it is aligned to that. 
 
So if you see the numbers, it is reflecting that trend, even if the revenue from operations remain 
the same, the mix has changed and it is aligned to the industry standards in general. So going 
forward, we are confident of maintaining the EBITDA line for the best of the industry standards 
as well as it will be as per our guidance measures. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharani V. from Avendus Spark. 
Bharani V: 
Sir, I just missed this number. What was our order inflow for the first half of this year? 
Management: 
First half? The order inflow for this financial year in the H1 is around INR2,000 crores. And it 
is having a mix of every sector, be it electrical, railways, metro or in the signalling also, we have 
won contracts basically from the railway sector for upgradation of signalling systems. 
Bharani V.: 
Okay. And what will be our expectation for order inflow for the full year in FY '26? 
Management: 
'26, okay? Actually, the order inflow is very much dependent on the competition in the market, 
but we are quite hopeful. We hope to bid for around -- in the current financial year, our bidding 
will be in the range of around INR75,000 crores to INR80,000 crores. And considering our 
success rate of 10% to 12%, we hope that the order inflow for this year is likely to touch around 
INR8,000 crores to INR10,000 crores. 
Bharani V.: 
Okay. And what was this full year order inflow in FY '25? 
Management: 
'24-'25, you are talking about? Yes. The last year was because we had some big order wins in 
the last financial year, the net order flow for the last year was around INR18,000 crores. 
Bharani V.: 
Okay. And what would be our EBITDA margins in full year and for also FY '27? 
Management: 
Please, can you repeat the question? 
Bharani V.: 
What would be your EBITDA margin expectation for this FY '26 full year and also for FY '27? 
Management: 
'27, okay! Right now, we cannot predict exactly, but we hope to maintain the momentum and 
our EBITDA margin will be in the range of whatever the industry standard for the infrastructure 
industry, that is roughly in the range of 4% to 5%. 

 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Bharani V.: 
Okay. And if I see our cash flow generation for the first half, I see operating cash flow has turned 
negative for the first half. There is a large negative cash outflow in the line item called other 
financial assets. What is the nature of this cash outflow? 
Management: 
Unbilled revenues. See, basically, this is on account of reduction in unbilled revenue. 
Bharani V.: 
Okay. So this is -- sorry, I didn't hear you properly. 
Management: 
Yes. At each reporting date, we calculate the contracts for which the project has been made, but 
the invoice has not been raised to client. So that varies from quarter-to-quarter. So this current 
asset difference is only mainly on account of that only. 
Bharani V.: 
Okay. So what would be the net working capital days at the end of September like core net 
working, which is receivable days plus inventory days, less payable days? 
Management: 
Basically, payments are linked to milestones and on completion of each milestone there will be 
the payment. So now the working season has started. Actually, the rainy season was a lead period 
for construction business. And now the construction has started in full swing, and we are hopeful 
that the revenue -- this cash flow will improve from 15th of December. 
Bharani V.: 
So with a large order book of around INR90,000 crores, what is the average execution period 
for this INR90,000 crores? Can we expect this to be executed over the next 3 years or 2 years? 
How is it? 
Management: 
Yes, I'll tell you, these projects are of varied nature. Some of the projects, they will be continuing 
for the next 3 to 4 years. Some of the projects are shorter gestation period projects. They will be 
completing in next 1 year or next 2 years' time also. So average, you can consider this order 
book considering our growth trajectory is adequate for the next 4 years' time. 
Bharani V.: 
Okay. So then the growth expected in execution in FY '27 will also be, say, around 10%? 
Management: 
Yes. We hope to maintain this in the coming financial years. And obviously, if company has to 
grow, this growth trajectory has to be maintained. If we -- in this financial year, we will be 
closing our revenue of around INR22,000 crores to INR20,000 crores. So certainly, we will 
make an effort to increase it by at least 10% in the financial year 26-27. In addition to that, we 
are getting a new project also. And some of the projects has a lesser gestation period. 
 
So getting the new order and executing them in a shorter period will also give me the momentum 
and better turnover of the company. So getting the -- completing the INR90,000 crores order 
book, getting in new orders and getting them completed in a faster way is also the motto of the 
company. So this order book and it will keep on changing. We will keep on performing and 
giving the engineering value to our projects, monitoring and getting the better -- much better 
output and outlook to the company. This is our aim for the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Periwal from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Yes, sorry, sir. So I was saying, sir, in terms of our -- previously, the historical tax rate has been 
in the range of 25-odd percent. This time, we are seeing a line item of deferred tax also. So how 

 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
do you see and what is the reason of this deferred tax? Will this be a continuous phenomena and 
anything that you can provide? 
Management: 
Yes. It's a very pertinent question. First thing first, no, it's not a continuous phenomena. We don't 
expect any further increase in the deferred tax. On each quarter end, this is basically a timing 
difference thing, a timing difference between the income tax and what has been done in the 
company. So there was issue realize that this period is -- it coincides with our tax audit. Soduring 
the tax audit, we realized that one of our assumptions needs to be updated, and that has been 
done.  
And moreover, if you see deferred tax more of zero effect on the company because it gets 
liquidated in the future period. But to your question very specific, no, we don't see any 
outstanding debt. This is the maximum that we expect, as of now, whatever the visibility is there 
for us. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. Sure, sir. And I think though you did clarify on the margin front. I think you did allude 
that the mix of the order book is changing toward competitive bidding and that is the reason like 
margins are lower. So is that fair to understand the earlier margins of 5.5%-6% EBITDA margin 
that we are making, probably the trajectory will be in the range of -- now will be in the range of 
4% to 5%. So will that be a fair understanding to have as directionally? 
Management: 
Yes. As per the order mix, the legacy projects, which were on a fixed composite management 
fee model, there, it was -- the margins can be predictable. But in case of the projects, which we 
have won through bidding, market bidding, the margins varies across the sector. Some of the 
sectors having a better margins and the larger projects, they are on somewhat not so good 
margins. 
 
But now we are changing our strategy also. We are focusing on projects where the margins are 
better, and we are focusing towards the projects which are on HAM model or other things where 
the competition is not so high. And simultaneously, we'll be focusing on projects abroad also 
where the margins are certainly better as compared to the domestic projects.  
In line with the industry standards, the established infrastructure giants, they derive at least 50% 
of their revenue from the global operations. So we hope to substantially improve on our global 
operations in the coming financial year so that our revenues margins we maintained at the range 
of the 5% to 6% in future. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay, sir. Okay. And in this INR90,000 crores order book, as of now, is there any international 
piece in this, sir? 
Management: 
Yes. International order book is a total of order of around INR3,200 crores total, out of which 
some of projects are under execution. And we are also in process of bidding or already bided for 
many projects in Central Asia, Middle East or East Asia, even East Europe. So certainly, in 
coming financial year or in this half of the -- second half of this financial year, we hope to gain 
substantial traction from the international projects also. 

 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And then I think you did clarify on a couple of numbers in terms of inflow. 
Yes, I think last year was pretty good in terms of inflow. This year, I mean, inflows are a little 
bit on the lower side, order inflow. So if one has to understand the reasoning for the same, is it 
the competition is high and then the winning trajectory is commensurate to that is lower or I 
mean, even the opportunity itself is lower. So how do you, I mean, see things in the market? 
Management: 
No. There was -- certainly difference is there have come to last year. Last year, we won a very 
large project in -- that was a BharatNet project and some of the larger projects were also won in 
the last year. So that order flow was order -- of order of around INR18,000 crores last year. This 
year, other than the competition in the market, what happens, some of the projects, high-value 
projects, especially in the road sector. 
They were -- the tendering was repeatedly deferred due to various reasons, be it availability of 
land or other statutory clearances. So now in coming days, a number of high-value projects are 
now coming. So our focus is basically on getting the high-value projects where the -- it is a niche 
sector and the competition is also not that high. A large number of projects are coming in the 
tunnelling sector where RVNL maintains a leadership position in tunnelling sector. So in coming 
days, we certainly hope to improve our winning streak in the projects. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. And then sir, in this road sector as such, we have seen, I mean, like lack of orders in 
general, I mean, like we are not seeing major orders that are getting awarded. So I mean, it's not 
like this quarter phenomena from last 1.5 years. And so anything particularly that is the reason 
that you can share probably like guide us how things are in the road? 
Management: 
No, we cannot comment on the internal dynamics of the road sector, how the different 
organizations in the road sector, be it NHAI or state PWDs or other developmental agencies 
have their own issues because it involves many clearances and many other things. So that may 
be the issue and they have changed their strategy also. It was earlier only the EPC, then they've 
changed over to the HAM and then they are coming up with a mix of HAM and BOT projects. 
So it is an evolving strategy, and then we hope that it will get stabilized. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Got it, sir. Maybe one last thing from me. I think you did mention like we'll do almost like 
INR21,000 crores to INR22,000-odd crores kind of execution revenue this year. So this actually 
implies more like a kind of 10% sort of revenue growth. First half has been quite flattish for us, 
which means like in second half, the number has to be like high double digit. So are you seeing 
like almost like 1.5 months has passed for quarter 3? So has the pickup seen by us? Or you think 
probably it will be more like a quarter 4 phenomena for us? 
Management: 
No, it is certainly this quarter, the ongoing quarter, Q3, the results -- the execution pace has 
improved substantially, although the monsoon was extended this year in various parts of the 
country. And as you know, the civil engineering projects, they are dependent on the monsoon 
phenomena and there were some disturbances due to the election, also the labor movement gets 
hampered. 
 
But the pace has increased. And as has been the experience in the previous financial year also, 
Q3 and Q4, there are substantial improve as compared to Q1 and Q2. So we hope that our 

 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
revenue guidance will be -- is sustainable for this financial year. And we certainly hope to not 
only complete this revenue guidance, but we hope to exceed it also. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sure, sir. I think that’s pretty helpful and thank you to RVNL management for answering all the 
question detailed. Thank you very much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajagopal an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. Raja you line is unmated. Please go ahead. 
Rajagopal: 
Sir, you gave some figures on order inflow. So can you please repeat those numbers? Was the 
order inflow in Q2 INR852 crores. Is that correct? INR852 crores? 
Management: 
Yes. The order inflow in the current financial year in Q2 is of order of INR852 crores. 
Rajagopal: 
And in H1? Total in H1 from April to September? 
Management: 
INR2,000 crores. 
Rajagopal: 
INR2,000 crores. And sir, one final thing. You mentioned that you gave some total order inflow 
projection for FY '26. What was that number, the order inflow for FY '26, total what you 
anticipate? 
Management: 
It is of order of around INR8,000 crores to INR10,000 crores. 
Rajagopal: 
INR8,000 crores to INR10,000 crores. Okay. All right. Thank you very much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashit Kothi an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. Ashit your line is unmated. Please proceed with the question. We have lost the line for 
Ashit. As there are no questions, we would conclude the call now. On behalf of Rail Vikas 
Nigam Limited, we thank you for joining the call and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Management:                        Thank you very much. 
