E] pab
JZ:11 Sf
Amrit Mahotsav
...the name you can BANK upon!
Share Department, Board & Coordination Division, Head Office Plot No.4 Sector IO, Dwarka,
New Delhi-llO075, E-mail: hosd@pnb.bank.in
Scrip Code : PNB
National Stock Exchange of
Exchange Plaza”
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
hHumba
400 051
Scrip Code : 532461
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
DalaI Street
Mumbai – 400 001
Date: 27.10.2025
Dear Sir(s),
Reg.: Transcript of the Earnings Call with Analysts/Investors on
Results for the quarter ended 30th September, 2025
Financial
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find
enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call with the Analysts/ Investors on the
Reviewed Financial Results for the quarter ended 30th September, 2025, held on
18.10.2025. The same is also available at https://pnb.bank.in/financials-current.html
The above is for your information and record, please.
Thanking you,
+
+
;
+
++
BBq
BOad8aHBHI
it?t:
(Bikramjit Shorn)
Company Secretary
Enclosed: As above
tiara Marr ah punjabncItionaLbarIk
gvrq©lqfa=1: wiz d.4. +#zt-lo, 
avm. ;# f&,={}-110075
Head Office: Plot No. 4, Sector - IO, Dwarka, New Delhi
pnk)india.in
T: 01 1 28075000
©®€rD(l$6)pnbindia (6) www.pnbindia.in
(f)
&n
tia la
aT(
Rtftv, / el
punjab national bank
...the name you can BANK upon !
Bikramjit 
Shom
Digitally signed by Bikramjit Shom 
DN: st=DELHI, 
serialNumber=6f2651546fb6d9dcaa692694
280f1d0198f3f1283652a85f10889a45fae59
3e8, postalCode=110075, ou=HO Board, 
o=Punjab National Bank, c=IN, 
cn=Bikramjit Shom 
Date: 2025.10.27 18:22:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
“Punjab National Bank 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 18, 2025 
 
. 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK CHANDRA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – PUNJAB NATIONAL 
BANK 
 
MR. M PARAMASIVAM – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK 
 
MR. BIBHU PRASAD MAHAPATRA – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – PUNJAB NATIONAL BANK 
 
MR. D SURENDRAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – PUNJAB 
NATIONAL BANK 
 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PALAK SHAH – ELARA CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Punjab National Bank Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Elara Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Palak 
Shah Thank you, and over to Miss Shah. 
Palak Shah: 
Hello, everyone, and welcome to Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Punjab National Bank. 
Today, we have with us the management of the bank headed by Mr. Ashok Chandra, MD and 
CEO; Mr. M Paramasivam, Executive Director; Mr. Bibhu Prasad Mahapatra, Executive 
Director and Mr. D Surendran, Executive Director. 
 
With this introduction, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Ajay Kumar Singh, General 
Manager, Strategic Management Economic Advisory Division to read out the disclaimer 
statement, post which MD sir, will address the conference. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ajay Kumar Singh: 
Good afternoon. I'll be reading the disclaimer. This representation contains certain forward-
looking statements apart from historical information, these forward-looking statements involve 
a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. Punjab National Bank 
undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances 
after the present date. I now request MD sir for the opening remarks. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Good afternoon to all the participants. I will just give the brief about the performance of our 
bank. The global gross business of the bank stood at INR27.87 trillion as on September '25 with 
a Y-o-Y growth rate of 10.6%. Global deposits stood at INR16.17 trillion with a yearly growth 
rate of 10.9% and global advances stood at INR11.7 trillion with a yearly growth rate of 10.1%.  
 
We have sanctioned credit lines to the tune of INR1.78 lakh crores, which are yet to be disbursed 
and that will favor the credit growth of the bank in the future. CD ratio of the bank is comfortably 
placed at 72.33% Bank has started to witness the impact of various initiatives taken to garner 
low-cost deposits and CASA ratio of the bank has improved to 37.29% as of September '25 from 
36.99% as on June 2025, we expect the ratio to improve further gradually. 
 
Bank opened 27.67 lakh CASA accounts in the revamped schemes with CASA balances to the 
tune of INR18,200 crores during H1 of FY '26. Our RAM advances stands at INR6.35 trillion, 
which is around 56.8% of the domestic advance, compared to 55.8% as of September 2024. We 
are strategically enhancing our RAM share within the overall advances to improve our yield on 
advances while managing risk. 
 
Coming to the profitability, our domestic NIM percentage is at 2.72% for Q2 of FY 2026, 
whereas global NIM percentage stood at 2.60%, with the yield on advances having largely 
stabilized at the lower end. We anticipate an improvement in the NIM from Q3 onwards. This 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
outlook is supported by the ongoing repricing of deposits and the favorable impact of the CRR 
cuts, which will be fully materialized in Q3 and Q4. 
 
The operating profit for the Q2 is INR7,227 crores which has improved from INR6,853 crores 
for Q2 of last financial year and INR7,081 crores of Q1 of this year. Y-o-Y growth rate of 
operating profit is 5.46%. Net profit of the bank stands for Q2 of this year at INR4,904 crores as 
against INR4,303 crores for Q2 in the same period last year, depicting healthy Y-o-Y growth 
rate of 14%. 
 
Efficiency ratios, highlighting efficiency of the bank are improving consistently. Our return on 
asset, ROA is at the level of 1.05% for Q2 as against 1.02% for same period last year. The return 
on equity stands at 17.95%. EPS, earnings per share (not annualized) is 4.27 for Q2 of this year 
against 3.90 for Q2 of last year. 
 
Our tangible book value per share at 30th September is 95.92, which has significantly improved 
from the level of INR79.18 as on 30th September 2024. We are mindful of improving our cost-
to-income ratio, and the same has reduced from 54.58% in Q2 of FY '25 to 51.20% in Q2 of this 
year. 
 
Asset quality highlights. Bank has done extremely well in the gross NPA and net NPA. Gross 
NPA has reduced to 3.45% as on 30th September from 4.48% in September '24 and 3.78% in 
June '25. Similarly, the net NPA percentage, which was 0.46% in September '24, has improved 
to 0.36% in September '25. 
 
We are on track to achieve our guidance for GNPA and net NPA for financial year 2026. Our 
PCR stands at 96.91% as on 30th September 2025, which is well above our guidance of more 
than 96% for this financial year. Total fresh slippages during the Q2 for this year was INR1,955 
crores as against INR2,181 crores in Q2 of last year. 
 
Our guidance for slippage ratio was to remain below 1% in FY 2026 and we are well within our 
guidance level at slippage ratio for the Q2 for this year has been on annualized basis is 0.71%. 
Total recovery stood at INR3,920 crores for Q2 as against the INR3,356 crores in Q1 of this 
year. 
 
Our recovery continues to be more than slippages reflecting our commitment towards improving 
asset quality. As a result of maintaining tangible PCR more than 90% and having recoveries 
from GNPA more than the slippages, we have witnessed pullback of NPA provisions in the 
particular quarter, and our credit cost has turned negative. 
 
From the 1st of July '20 to September 30, 2025, we have sanctioned around INR12.06 trillion 
loans, out of which we have disbursed around INR10.47 trillion loans. The outstanding in these 
loans is INR7.63 trillion as of now, which is close to 65% of our total outstanding loan book and 
net NPA in this book is hardly INR4,282 crores, which is only 0.41% of the disbursed amount 
under fresh underwriting. This speaks about the underwriting standard of our bank. 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
Highlights of the capital. As far as capital is concerned, our capital adequacy is 17.19% as on 
30th September 2025 compared to 16.36% as on 30th September 2024 and 17.50% as at 30th of 
June 2025. Our CET1 is at 12.75%, Tier 1 14.41%, and Tier 2 is at 2.78%, which is well above 
the regulatory requirements. Bank is doing extremely well in the digital front and the share of 
digital transaction is close to 95% in this financial year. 
 
And further, there is a 53% increase in UPI transactions done through our mobile application 
PNB One, in this financial year as compared to the Q2 of the last year. Number of WhatsApp 
banking users has grown up by 92% from 43.5 lakhs as on 30th September 2024 to 83.4 lakhs 
as on 30th September 2025, our corporate mobile banking application launched on 18th 
September 2025 serves to more than 1.94 lakh customers with app rating of 4.0 on play store 
and 4.1 on iOS. 
 
We have sanctioned and disbursed additional loans to the tune of INR7,649 crores in Q2 of this 
year, and every fifth loan we sanctioned in the digital mode in our bank. We have onboarded 
5.42 lakh CBDC customers and 84.18 lakh transactions were done through CBDC app till 30th 
September 2025. 
 
We are promoting the financial inclusion through digital channel with a comprehensive do-it-
yourself SHG  journey. Digi MSME loans, e-Mudra loans, e-PM Vishwaskarma, and Digi Surya 
Ghar, these are all the digital loan products. We have launched  digital journeys for our Dairy 
Kisan Credit Card, tractor loan, revamped the KCC, renewal up to 10 lakh and e-loans against 
the securities during the quarter. 
 
Further, we have planned to launch a unified solution to streamline our more than 100 digital 
journeys very soon. We are also looking forward to revamp our Internet banking and mobile 
banking applications. Among new initiatives, bank is focusing on the business of supply chain 
financing and has done tie-ups with most of the leading players in automobile industry for 
financing their dealers through our dedicated supply chain management vertical. 
 
Bank is committed to enhance our fee-based income and current account balance through the 
rapid rollout of cash management services. Bank understands the potential of credit card 
business and we launched its premium metal card PNB Luxura, with the target market of HNIs, 
high-end professionals and affluent business owners. 
 
HR highlights. Our bank has adopted new HR ecosystem driven by project UDAAN. We are 
undertaking this project in 2 parts, namely digital performance management system and capacity 
building. 
 
Under digital performance management system, KRAs of employees are being revamped to 
make them more business-oriented and impact driven, ensuring a stronger commitment and 
alignment with the strategic objectives and operational goals of the bank. Under capacity 
building, we are undertaking numerous actives involving leadership development program, 
GenAI learning, chatbot, and comprehensive skill development programs for employees. 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
Punjab National Bank remains focused on strengthening its core business fundamentals. The 
bank is prioritizing an increase in the CASA share with total deposits and enhancing the RAM 
portfolio in total advances which will collectively support improvement in net interest margin 
and overall profitability. 
 
Containment of slippages and robust recovery efforts continue to be the key priorities to ensure 
asset quality stability, with ongoing digital and HR transformation initiatives, the bank is well 
positioned to achieve sustainable growth in the business and profitability. 
 
The balance sheet has strengthened significantly with a substantial reduction in bad assets with 
higher provisioning coverage. Going forward, the bank aims to further enhance its market share 
across all the segments. Thank you very much, and wish you all a very, very happy Diwali. I am 
open for any questions or any query, any clarification related with our performance highlights. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Ashok Ajmera with Ajcon Global. Please 
go ahead.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, at the very outset, Chandra, sir. A very, very happy Dhanteras to all of you there in Punjab 
National Bank, all the top management and the other people who are there and a very happy 
Diwali in advance and a prosperous new year. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you. Thank you very much and Happy Diwali  to you and your family. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, and compliments for yet another good quarter for the good set of numbers, sir, especially on 
the profitability front, you have maintained your good operating profit. Thanks to new tax 
regime, even the -- I mean, the net profit is also quite sizable because of the lower tax impact in 
this quarter compared to the last quarter. Having said this, sir, my first question is or rather a 
little concern is on the credit growth, though the credit growth for the annualized basis is 10.14%. 
 
But sir, if you look at the current 6 months, like only 5.5 months are left for the current year now 
FY '26, you need to -- in order to meet your target of 12% you will have to sanction and disburse 
almost about INR80,000 crores in the remaining 5.5 months or 6 months. So are we on target? 
 
And secondly, what is our sanction book pipeline and the proposals in pipeline through your 
NBG clearances and other things and how confident you are in achieving this number of 
INR80,000 crores remaining amount to meet your targets. So this is first on the credit front. And 
the composition of the corporate and the retail book in that. So that is my first question. 
 
Second one, sir, Canara HSBC Life IPO reduction, our percentage has come down to 13% from 
23% because of that IPO. So this has happened in October, I think, second week or so. So any 
adjustment or any impact was there in the September quarter on account of the sale of shares or 
reduction through the IPO, any financial impact on the bank books? 
 
Thirdly, sir, this other income has gone down in this quarter and mainly due to lesser recovery 
in the written off account to INR854 crores from almost INR1,200 crores in the last quarter and 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
the fee-based income also going down to INR1,685 crores from INR2,250 crores. So some color 
on that, what is the reason and in the next 6 months, how are we placed on that? 
 
So -- and one is, sir, on -- in this round is on the giving some -- I mean full information about 
the SMA number because whatever little time I got, we could see that only SMA-2 numbers are 
only given which are INR1,873 crores versus INR1,596 crores in the last quarter. 
 
So the full color, the entire SMA picture, where do we stand on 30th September 2025 on SMA 
front, so as to assess the asset quality temporarily now. So these are my few questions. You have 
done well on the cash recovery and upgradation, sir, I must compliment for that. And going 
forward, what are our recovery targets? This is also if it may be added. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you very much, Ajmera saab. First, I will touch your first question, that is the advances 
growth. And in the advances growth, if you see, the retail advances excl. IBPC, we have grown 
by 18%, Agriculture, 13%; MSME, 18.6%. Now the corporate loan book in this particular 
quarter, it has grown with 7.9%. And if you compare the corporate loan book growth in the Q1 
and Q2 there has been substantial improvement. 
 
And Q-o-Q growth in the corporate loan book itself is 3%. So that was one area which was a 
concern for the Q1. And going forward, definitely, I am seeing lot of disbursement should 
happen in the corporate loan book. With all those things, we have already given a direction of 
11% to 12% in the credit book and 100% we are going to achieve this. You have asked for the -
- what is the total pool which is available, and I will share that. 
 
Last time I have shared to all of you is that INR136,000 crores was the total sanction book for 
which the disbursement was pending. Now that book has gone to INR178,000 crores. And this 
is not NBG. These are all -- it is approved, and we have sanctioned and the disbursements are 
pending. And now in this around 40% to 45%, we have given the project loans. 
 
 And that, you know that disbursement takes in the 1 to 2 years' time. But all these disbursements 
are going to happen in the system. And we are looking forward for a good corporate loan book 
growth. With all those things, I'm expecting that definitely 11% to 12% credit growth is possible, 
and we are going to achieve that. 
 
Next, your question was the composition of the RAM and the corporate. And we are putting a 
lot of focus on the RAM book and this quarter itself, the RAM share is 56.8%, which we are 
going to improve to around 57% to 58%. And to that extent, we are going to reduce the corporate 
loan book. So in the long run, our goal is that our RAM percentage should touch 60% and 
corporate loan book should come down to 40% and with all those things, you are seeing the 
operating profit going up now. 
 
And first time we had crossed INR7,000 crores last quarter. In this quarter also, we have 
maintained that operating profit. Third, your question about Canara HSBC Life. In fact, we are 
getting about INR950 crores out of this 10% dilution. Nothing has been factored in the 
September quarter, all these things, we are going to factor in the Q3. 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
TWO recovery, yes, TWO recovery in this particular quarter has been muted, but overall 
recovery is INR3,920 crores. So almost we are touching INR4,000 crores of recovery. In this 
particular quarter, there are certain accounts and you know the recovery, you target certain 
things, and it happens, sometimes it gets materialized in the subsequent quarters. 
 
So, there are many accounts under the TWO for which the advanced stage negotiations have 
happened, and the proposals are in advanced stage. I'm expecting that in this particular quarter, 
definitely, the TWO recovery will be in the tune of around INR1,200 crores. 
 
With all those things, sir, we have given the yearly guidance of INR16,000 crores of total 
recovery to happen, we are on track. And in this particular quarter, Q3, I'm expecting somewhere 
around INR4,500 crores of recovery should happen in the entire system now. Your next question 
was fee-based income. 
 
See, first quarter always, there will be higher income will be there in the noninterest income and 
that too in the fee-based income category, because the processing charges and all the yearly 
charges which we collect, the -- all these things comes in the first quarter of every financial year. 
 
But since our credit pipeline is strong, and the corporate loan book is also growing. So definitely, 
I think the BG commission, LC commission, the processing charges, all put together, I think 
definitely, we can see some improvement in the Q3 and Q4. SMA book, overall, the SMA-0, -
1, -2 all put together irrespective of the amount in the bank is 5.75%. I think I have covered all 
your points. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Mahrukh Adajania: with Nuvama. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Hello sir. Congratulations. Sir, I had a few questions. Firstly, what is your outlook on margins, 
right? Because they fell around 10 basis points on a global level Q-o-Q. So how do we see it 
from here on if there are no rate cuts, do they stabilize? Do they improve? Will there be a change 
in mix more corporate bringing down margins? How do we view margins in the next 2 quarters 
mainly because there will also be downward MCLR repricing. That's my first question. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Okay. See, madam, in fact, in my earlier conversation also, I had mentioned that Q1 and Q2, 
really, it will be some challenges because of the 100 basis point rate cut in the repo and 49% of 
our book is priced with the RLLR. And that we have passed it on immediately after the 
announcement of the rate cut, and repricing of our deposits has already been started. 
 
If you see our cost of deposits has also come down substantially. And we are going to see those 
benefits happening in Q3, Q4. Last time also I had indicated that Q3, Q4 onwards, definitely, 
there will be some good movement happening in the NIM front and NII. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Sir, and then there were reports on an IL&FS-based -- IL&FS account being upgraded this 
quarter. Have we given -- have we taken that as an upgrade in costs and in NPL movement? 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. That account has been upgraded, but the provision is not yet released. I think we may take 
this release in the Q3 or Q4. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay. But you are permitted to release it, but it's your choice that you didn't? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Piran Engineer with CLSA. 
Piran Engineer: 
Sir, congrats on the quarter. Just going back to Mahrukh's question on NIM, can we see maybe 
5 to 10 bps per quarter NIM improvement for next 2 quarters? 
Ashok Chandra: 
On conservative estimate, I can tell you that at least the 5 basis point improvement, definitely, it 
will happen in the Q3 and around 10-plus basis points in the Q4 because by that time, my entire 
-- the 1-year deposit will be repriced, and we will have the benefit of the entire thing in the full 
financial year. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. So at least 15 over 2 quarters cumulatively? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. Yes, yes. definitely it will happen. 
Piran Engineer: 
That's good to know. Sir, secondly, on opex, it was a positive surprise with cost cutting. I think 
earlier you had guided to INR8,000 crores, INR8,200 crores quarterly opex, anything to read 
into, it came much lower than that? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, we are very, very mindful and the top level at the head office level and the field level we 
have sensitized about all those things. And wherever it is required, those expenditures only we 
are doing it. And that is the reason it has been brought down now. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Harsh Modi with JPMorgan. 
Harsh Modi: 
Just one question, sir. How do we think about your ROA and ROE target over, let's say, next in 
FY '26 and FY '27? And as a management team, what are the key metrics we are looking to 
solve for, for FY '26 and '27? 
Ashok Chandra: 
ROA, there had an improvement in this particular quarter, and we have already touched 1.05%. 
I'm expecting that there will be further movement will happen in the ROA front. And somewhere 
-- I think in the Q3 and Q4, it should be somewhere around 1.10% definitely we should be in a 
position to touch that. And the 2, 3 other points, like you asked about the ROE. We are already 
at 17.95% and which compared to the last year, if you see at the same time, a good improvement 
has happened in that particular concept. 
Harsh Modi: 
So is the target to increase ROA year-on-year over the next 2 years? Or would you be 
comfortable staying range bound at current level of ROA for FY '26 and '27? The reason I'm 
asking this is some of the comments from policymakers suggest there is a renewed focus on 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
increasing returns at the PSU banks in India. And to what extent that boils down to your target? 
That's what I'm after, sir. 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, why we are all bullish about the ROA going forward is that with the existing 100 basis point 
rate cut in the repo and which we have factored now, with all those things, we are at 1.05%. 
Going forward, when the entire deposit will be repriced, and I am expecting that my NIM and 
the NII also will improve. 
 
So overall, profitability is also likely to improve. So I'm expecting that somewhere in the range 
of, in this financial year, we will be touching around 1.10%. And going forward, definitely, there 
has to be some improvement over that figure. I cannot give you the actual number, but definitely, 
it will be more than 1.10%. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ankit with ANB Investments. 
Ankit: 
Sir, on your numbers, sir, slippages have increased in this quarter. Any reason, sir? Next -- back 
quarter, you have said some one-off accounts. But this time, quarter-on-quarter, it has increased. 
How is the pattern going? Can you please explain? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Our turn is, absolutely, there is nothing to worry about the slippages. If you see this quarter also, 
the slippage is only INR1,955 crores. Last year -- last quarter, it was INR1,886 crores. So we 
are in the range of around INR1,800 crores to INR2,000 crores. And last year, during the same 
period, our slippages were more than INR2,100 crores. 
 
So slippages are fully under control and with a loan book of INR11,69,000 crores. See, as of 
now, the slippages, if I annualize it, it comes to 0.71%. The guidances we have given is less than 
1%. So we are well within the guidance, and we are well under the control under the slippages 
management. I don't see any challenges happening anywhere now. 
Ankit: 
Okay. Sir, how are you seeing the business momentum among different verticals like energy 
sector, steel sector? Are their NPAs increasing? Or how is the sentiment of the customer? Are 
they willing to invest or willing to take loans? What is the environment currently in the business 
economic environment? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, first of all, I will tell you the total loan sanction for which we are waiting for the 
disbursement to happen in the phased manner. That amount is INR1.78 trillion in our bank as 
on today. And I'm expecting that all those disbursements will happen. And this constitutes the 
various segments of the corporate loan book now. So we are expecting that the -- there has to be 
a good corporate loan book growth in the Q3 and Q4 because of the sanctions which are already 
there. 
 
Now, what we are seeing is that the overall growth, which is happening in the retail, agri and 
MSME, that is in the range of around 16% to 17%. Like MSME is growing at more than 18% - 
18.6% was the growth rate in this quarter . Retail excl. IBPC is growing more than 17%. Agri is 
growing at 13%. And all those things are still the GST impact has not been factored because 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
GST rate cut happened in September. So overall, the GST rate impact also, I'm expecting that 
on the RAM book will come to 1% to 2%. 
 
So overall, the outlook is very bullish, and there is no dearth of proposal happening. Second 
important factor is, as on today, none of my corporate book is even appearing in the SMA-0. So 
that is the quality of the corporate loans, which is happening in the system now. 
Ankit: 
Sir, I'm asking like sector-wise like energy sector, which sector are you more bullish, like energy, 
steel or infra? How advances are you seeing in different, different sectors like this? Like in 
energy, you have tied up with IREDA for loans... 
Ashok Chandra: 
I will give you the figure also. See, like infrastructure, we are growing at more than 9% Y-o-Y, 
if you see. Renewal energy is one of the champion sector for our bank. So there are proposals 
from the infrastructure, the road projects, the renewable energy, even the steel sector also, we 
have got some 2, 3 good proposals now. So all put together, there has been a good traction and 
good proposals coming from across the industry now. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ashlesh Sonje with Kotak Securities. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Sir, I have a few questions. I hope I'm audible. I'm just listing out the questions for you upfront. 
Firstly, if you can share your assessment of the expected impact from the ECL transition? 
Secondly, if you can share the SMA-1 and SMA-2 book overall? Thirdly, if you can elaborate 
on the large provision -- NPA provision reversal, which you had and why have you added to the 
buffer of other provisions? 
 
Then fourth one, your guidance. Just wanted clarity on the guidance which you have given for 
ROA. Did you say 1.1% for FY '26 because your first half ROA is about 80 basis points. And 
lastly, on AS 15 provisions that has declined nicely this quarter. Do you think you are well-
provided there on AS 15? And what is the expected run rate going forward? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. First, I'll tell you about the ECL transition. And the final framework is yet to be prepared, 
but we have calculated the Stage 1 Stage 2 and Stage 3. Stage 1 almost the same provision is 
there, which is there in our standard assets and I don't see much challenges happening in the 
Stage 1. Stage 3 also since we have about 96% PCR, so Stage 3 also, there is absolutely no 
challenge. Stage 2, there is elevated provision is there, and 5% provision requirement is there in 
the different sectors. 
 
And overall, all 3 sectors put together rough estimate is in the range of around 75 to 80 basis 
point impact will come on our CRAR. And we are well-prepared for that because anyway, that 
has to be split for 5 years. But before that itself, we have the enough cushion and the profit which 
is there in the system. 
 
I think 80. 75 to 80 basis point likely impact which is going to come, we will be able to bridge 
those challenges and bridge those gaps. That is the first thing. SMA-0, 1, 2, all put together, we 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
have 5.75%. That is the total SMA book. SMA-0 is 3.67%. SMA-1 is 0.90%, and SMA-2 is 
1.18%. 
 
Third question is your NPA provision. See, we have the 96% provision coverage ratio. And 
whenever there is a recovery other than the TWO, then there is a large scale, the reversal of 
provision has happened. That is the write-back of provision. And in this quarter also, there is a 
write-back of provision has happened. In fact, in this particular quarter, we have provided around 
INR588 crores, this provision has happened. 
 
But since the write-back of provision was quite high. And since we had around96% provision 
coverage ratio, still, we have made some provisions, but there is a negative credit cost and that 
will be going to continue because we are having a good provision coverage ratio in the system. 
So that benefit will be there in the bank when anybody -- any bank is having good provision 
coverage ratio now. ROA last quarter, it was muted because I had already explained also that 
we had moved a onetime that exercise from the old tax regime to the new tax regime. 
 
And when you are moving from the old tax to new tax, the DTA calculation rework has to be 
done, and there is a gap of 10%. The new tax is 25% and old tax was around 35%. So there is a 
gap of 10% is there. And when you do the recalculation of your DTA book, to that extent, you 
have to provide for the income tax, and that impact came from the INR3,200 crores. 
 
If we would not have gone for the old tax -- the new tax regime, last quarter, also our profit 
would have been INR5,000 crores, and that is the reason our ROA in that particular quarter was 
lower than what you have seen in this particular quarter. 
 
Now going forward, since we have moved to the new tax regime, every quarter, we have the 
benefit of 10% of -- in the operating profit now. So that impact this quarter also we have seen, 
and that is the reason -- that is one of the reasons why our ROA is more than 1%. And going 
forward, that is going to continue. 
 
Your last point was AS 15 calculation, last financial -- last quarter, when we had calculated for 
the entire year, and this calculation is based on the -- the government securities yield, what has 
happened and actually and they calculate that entire year things now. Based on that, we had 
some elevated provision in the last quarter. But this particular quarter, you have seen that yield 
has gone up. And that is the reason the provision has come down in the AS 15. 
 
And I don't see Q3 and Q4 any major challenge going to happen because of this provision which 
we have made in that. There is no question of our -- you should not understand that we have 
made any list provision. Rather, at this point of time, if the same -- the government securities 
rate prevails, we have made a full provision for the entire year. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Thank you, sir, for the elaborate response. If I may, just a couple of clarifications on those points. 
Firstly, there was a large other provision which you have made in the P&L line. So some clarity 
on that one. Secondly, the ECL impact which you said 75 to 80 basis points on CRAR, would 
you absorb it upfront, let's say, on the 1st of April through P&L? Because I understand there is 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
a 4-year window available for the capital impact, but the P&L impact would it come through 
immediately on the 1st of April '27? 
Ashok Chandra: 
That's the call we need to take. We have not yet finalized that what we are going to do that. We 
will see how the fusion is there and how the profitability is there. We need to see all those factors 
because anyway, when the cushion is there for 5 years, depending upon the profit and the capital 
position, we will take a call. And if it is in our favor, definitely, we will take a call and we'll do 
that. So maybe at the end of the financial year only, we will be taking that call. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
The first question on other provision, if you can give some color. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Other progress that is IL&FS, there is 1 account IL&FS 1 account was there, where the 
upgradation has happened in this quarter. But that was the NPA accounts, and that provision has 
moved from NPA accounts to the standard assets. That is the reason you are seeing the other 
provision going up now. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
So on the NPA provision, you have had a reversal. And then standard asset, you have added the 
provision. Is that correct? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, yes. Correct, correct. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
And that standard asset provision also you mentioned to, I think, Mahrukh or someone earlier 
that the standard asset provision also is likely to get reversed at some point? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Absolutely. Because this was the NPA account and still we have not taken -- write-back we have 
not taken in our OP or the write-back of provision. So that call we will take depending upon our 
position. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Yash Agarwal with UBS Securities. 
Yash Agarwal: 
Yes, sir. My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vansh Solanki with RSPN Ventures. 
Vansh Solanki: 
Sir, my questions are on PSB merger which the government has recently announced. So any 
communication for a recent government to bank or any internal news about this? 
Ashok Chandra: 
I'm also hearing from you. So we need to wait and find out. 
Vansh Solanki: 
Okay. And RBI also given new circular about M&A finance. So bank is going to in that field 
also? 
Ashok Chandra: 
That is a very good scope for all the leading public sector banks in the country -- leading banks 
in the country. And I had just done one calculation that last year, in the '24 -- '23, '24 financial 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
year total INR10 lakh crores of the merger and acquisition has happened. And in that, if you take 
the 40% debt component, that comes to the INR4 lakh crores even if conservative, I estimate 
that 30% of that debt will be funded by the bank like ours, that amount comes to INR120,000 
crores of scope that is there in the merger and acquisition funding now. 
 
So what we'll do now, we are all -- some big banks, we will sit together and find out the strategy 
for that because we need to have a proper policy in place because this was earlier not permitted 
by RBI. So definitely, we will find out and we will go for a proper policy. And in that space, 
definitely PNB will play some bigger role in that. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Zhixuan Gao with Schonfeld. 
Zhixuan Gao: 
Congratulation on a good quarter. Just a follow-up on the previous participant's question on the 
other provision. Just want to clarify. So the entire INR1,500 crores provision there is because of 
the IL&FS provision and the INR1,500 crores was reversed out of your NPA provision, right? 
So your NPA provision shown on the slide is negative INR600 crores. So the actual NPA 
provision is negative INR600 crores plus INR1,500 crores. 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, that 1 account provision, which has moved from the NPA to the standard assets. So that 
constitutes around INR1,200 crores. That is one component is there. And that we have not 
factored it as a write-back of provision that has moved from NPA to the standard assets, and 
overall, the negative in the credit cost that which you are seeing is INR639 crores, in fact, we 
have made a provision in this particular quarter also to the extent of INR588 crores in the NPA 
accounts. 
 
And that is the reason you are seeing that our provision coverage ratio has also gone from 96.7% 
to 96.9%. So we have improved our -- the PCR level also. And overall, our -- the credit cost 
because of these things has come down and it has gone to the negative now. 
Zhixuan Gao: 
So INR1,200 crores is that account movement. What's the other INR300 crores in the others 
provision? 
Ashok Chandra: 
You have that data? My CFO is there. I think he will just give you that figure. 
Raman Grover: 
Sir, actually, this is a continuing provision about to the extent of INR187 crores which we made, 
I think, probably during the COVID times, which is continuing. Apart from which sir has 
supplemented that IL&FS switch over from the standard to the other provisions is continuing 
and the balances of the IL&FS upgradation from the standard. So since we will be taking the 
call on the release of those provisions in the time to come, maybe quarter 3 to quarter -- current 
quarter or the coming quarters. So we are continuing as of now. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vinayak Agarwal with Jefferies. 
Vinayak Agarwal: 
Most of my questions have been answered, so I have just one. If you could kindly clarify the 
estimated profit from sale of stake in Canara HSBC Life. 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Ashok Chandra: 
That is around INR900 crores. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Yash with Citigroup. 
Yash: 
Sir, just one question, largely on your NIM clarification. If you could just see like 10 to 15 basis 
points of cumulative sequential expansion what we have asked for. So what proportion of 
deposits are still to reprice? So you've seen -- year-to-date, over 4Q, we've seen around 18 basis 
points of benefit flowing in the cost of deposits. And we are largely left with -- on the asset side 
with the 27% of MCLR book, so how much more deposit repricing would be available to us? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, around 60% of our -- the term deposit, which was there for a maturity period of around 4 
months, 6 months and 1 year. That has been repriced. And the remaining 30% to 40%, we are 
expecting that it will happen in the Q3 and early part of Q4. And that is the reason I'm telling 
that. Those impact we will be seeing on the NIM and the NII in the Q3 and Q4. Definitely, there 
will be some improvement in the NIM and NII. 
Yash: 
And sir, with this loan growth guidance of 11%. So after this particular quarter, so the ask rate 
is slightly lower. So do we see any upward sort of risk to the guidance or like would it be higher 
than 11%? 
Ashok Chandra: 
In credit, you are talking 11%? 
Yash: 
Yes. In the credit growth, given our expanded or increased sanction pipeline as well, considering 
that... 
Ashok Chandra: 
Credit growth, see the RAM, Retail, Agri and MSME, all these things are happening at more 
than 15%. The MSME is 18%. The agri is 13% and the retail excl. IBPC is 18%. So only the 
corporate loan book, which was very muted in the first quarter, In this quarter itself, had shown  
Q-o-Q growth of  3% and overall Y-o-Y growth of  7.9%. 
 
And we have 178,000 Sanction book for which the disbursement I'm expecting to happen in the 
Q3, Q4 onwards now. So all put together, I am expecting that, yes, there has to be some good 
growth. The moment of the corporate loan book goes to 10%, I think my overall credit growth 
will be more than 12% to 13%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sunil C Choksey with Indus Equity Advisors. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Congratulations to PNB management for very stable and a positive result and outlook, and happy 
Dhanteras and happy Diwali to all. Sir, my first question is you replied to M&A financing that 
the big banks are working together, or is it a coordinated effort or IBA? Can you clarify what 
you mean by that coordinated or discussion? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. I think we will have to explore through the IBA also. Otherwise, also some big banks -- 4, 
5 big banks in the country. We will be proposing to come together and do for financing to this 
particular area because the opportunities are very high and the scale will also be very high. So if 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
2, 3 banks put together, if we come out collectively, I think definitely, we can take a bigger pie 
in this particular sector. 
Sushil Choksey: 
It will be some joint lending or a consortium kind of a program. That's what I understand. 
Ashok Chandra: 
It will be like that, definitely. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, in the same RBI meeting, also banks were permitted to lend for retail share advance up to 
INR1 crores against INR2 million IPO financing is bank planning -- because the margins are 
very stable at around 10% or in double digits, a little higher than that. Is bank planning to do 
anything on that product? 
Ashok Chandra: 
We are trying to come into this particular area now. And in fact, the IPO financing limit also for 
the individual -- per person has also improved from INR10 lakh to INR25 lakh, and we are 
seeing the good IPO happening in the country, a lot of the new corporates are coming in the IPO 
market. And we are seeing a good opportunity. So definitely, we will be coming out with a 
separate policy for this financing. 
Sushil Choksey: 
You highlighted in your opening remarks and even in Q&A that your retail, RAM, other sector 
growth all above 15%, and you see that sustaining, and you have great corporate growth pipeline 
sanctioned, but unavailed is approximately INR180,000 crores. By any chance, can you indicate 
what kind of sectors? And where are you seeing the green shoot other than renewables where 
these advances are concerned? 
Ashok Chandra: 
One is that infrastructure sector like other than renewable, if I can talk, the telecommunication 
also, we have got some proposal. Roads and the ports, ports also, there are some proposals there 
we are given. Power we are given now. Even 1 data center. That is one area that has picked up 
very well, and we have got some good proposals in that. Engineering sector, I think various 
sectors put together, this book comprises of many sectors put together, and this is -- that amount 
is around INR128,000 crores. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Is it more of private sector capex or public sector? 
Ashok Chandra: 
No, mainly private sector capex. And we are putting a lot of focus on the project financing 
because that is one area PNB had the niche and we are coming back in that particular area. 40% 
of this particular book is the project financing. 
Sushil Choksey: 
What is the digital spend likely to be this year specifically related to RAM and retail book? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Digital? 
Sushil Choksey: 
What is your digital annual budget and spend for the year? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Digital, yes, for this year, financial year, both capex and the revenue expenditure put together is 
INR3,500 crores is the budget for this particular financial year. 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Sushil Choksey: 
How much have we spent in first half, sir? 
Ashok Chandra: 
I think around 25% to 30%, we would have done that. Yes, 30% we have achieved. 
Sushil Choksey: 
You also said that your margins would improve by 5 bps in the current quarter and 10 bps in the 
fourth quarter. This is keeping in mind the advances that current number. Do you see led by 
government of India measures like GST was concerned, as M&A activities concerned, some 
other new products are concerned. Margins can have a higher uptick compared to your estimate? 
Ashok Chandra: 
I think for Q3 and Q4, the estimate which I have given, I will be holding to that level. We can 
see all those impacts in the '26 to '27 financial year going forward. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Abhishek Agarwal with Investec. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
So last quarter, you had mentioned that the AFS reserve outstanding is roughly INR800 crores. 
So just wanted to know what would be the number this quarter? 
Ashok Chandra: 
INR700 crores provision, which we have made in this particular quarter now. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
So the outstanding amount is INR700 crores? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
And what's your outlook on treasury profit from here? And how do you think the management 
would use treasury as a lever to support ROAs? 
Ashok Chandra: 
See, if you see our performance in the treasury income, Q1 and Q2, both the quarters, we have 
maintained a good stream now. INR1,800 crores was the treasury profit in Q1 and in this 
particular quarter also, the treasury income all put together is around INR1,800 crores. So the 
same flow is there in this particular quarter. 
 
Q3 also, I think let us wait and see how the bond movement happens, and depending upon the 
bond movement, I think we can find out the actual, what is a traction that is going to happen. 
But somewhere definitely around INR1,500 crores, that is the minimum treasury gain, we will 
be holding it. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sucrit D Patil with Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. 
Sucrit Patil: 
My question to you, Mr. Chandra is, PNB has outlined its focus on digital transformation and 
expanding the retail penetration, what are the biggest execution challenges you foresee in 
delivering this, especially in terms of legacy system integration and customer onboarding and 
talent readiness. How is the bank prepared to overcome these challenges by still maintaining 
service quality and regulatory compliance? 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. See, bank is coming out with a lot of digital initiatives, but just the challenge is how to 
educate the people how we can inform them that, yes, these are the channels which is available. 
That is one of the biggest challenge. 
 
And for that, we are coming out with the initiative, and that's also one of the digital channels 
which we are using it, we have launched a GenAI-based PIHU chatbot at our website and the 
other channels with customer-facing channels, there, the people can ask anything and the PIHU 
will give the reply that what are the things that it needs to be done. That is one thing. 
 
Second, we are moving out in the field, conducting the outreach activity. And there also, we are 
bringing out this initiatives which the bank has come out. So creating awareness through the 
social media, through the personally, physically reaching out to the people and making them 
comfortable that yes, this is a very, very easy and convenient way of doing the things now. 
 
So these are the ways which we are popularizing it. The third important factor about the 
robustness of our system and the legacy system, which we are talking about. In fact, we have -- 
we are shifting our -- the data center to the new center at Gurgaon, where infrastructure is the 
world class now. Almost infrastructure is ready and somewhere in the month of March or April, 
we will be shifting our entire data center with a very robust cybersecurity framework our own 
private cloud space is there. 
 
So that center will enhance our -- the legacy system also and the speed with which we are doing 
the business, I think that also will go up. 
Sucrit Patil: 
Okay. And the final question, coming to credit growth. Now with credit growth picking up across 
MSME and retail segment. How are you balancing growth with risk management, especially in 
the area of unsecured lending and stressed sectors. What are the internal frameworks PNB is 
focusing on to secure your portfolio health? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Unsecured market, bank is not very active. We are doing unsecured lending only to the -- there 
are 3 segments. One is that personal loan and in the personal loan also, it is restricted to those 
people whose salary comes to the bank. So it is -- the classification is unsecured, but it is fully 
protected, and we don't see any much challenge in that particular segment. 
 
Second unsecured loan is the education loan. And there, you have the guarantee from the 
government also is there. And that portfolio is also behaving very well. We don't see any much 
challenge in that. Third portfolio is the credit card business. And that portfolio is very, very 
stable. I don't see much challenge happening because of the unsecured advances of our bank 
now. 
Sucrit Patil: 
I think this is a good enough guidance. I wish the entire team happy Diwali and best of luck for 
the next Q3. 
Ashok Chandra: 
Happy Diwali to you also. 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Shreejit Nair with B&K Securities. 
Shreejit Nair: 
You mentioned that INR1,200 crores of NPA provision has moved to standard asset provision. 
Did I heard that correct? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, yes. 
Shreejit Nair: 
And these provisions are against which accounts and if I... 
Ashok Chandra: 
This is one account, one big account was there, in that particular account. And these are very 
legacy accounts, which got upgraded. So we are holding the provision in that particular account. 
Shreejit Nair: 
Okay. So this is not IL&FS? 
Ashok Chandra: 
You know the things. 
Shreejit Nair: 
And secondly, one, you mentioned that treasury income would be around INR1,500 crores. This 
is for like every quarter, are you saying? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, yes, every quarter because Q1 also, we had INR1,800 crores of treasury income. Q2 also, 
we have around INR1,790 crores, so almost INR1,800 crores and we have enough book under 
that -- INR5 trillion book is there under the treasury. So definitely, we will be able to at least 
make an income of INR1,500 crores in every quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ashok M Ajmera from Ajcon Global. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Thanks for giving this opportunity again. And sir, very, very exhaustive replies and very 
satisfactory replies of all my colleagues and you have covered almost everything. Just one small 
little feedback from you. Sir, because of the old past legacy of PNB and those issues which were 
there few years back, we are into the -- still the gross NPA zone of almost about 3.5% now 
though it has come down from 5% in the Q1 of '25 to now 3.5%, so are you -- do you intend to 
accelerate the fall in the gross NPA? 
 
And any target on that so that we come in that comfortable zone of maybe below 2, 2.5 or 
something and that even aging also provisions and other things also can be softened because of 
that? And second is overall, your views -- some of the questions in between, I might have missed 
also because I was on some other call also for some time. 
 
So on the NIM, the overall, sir, we are -- I mean, from 3.07% in Q1, '25 to now today, we are at 
2.60, going 2.92, 2.93, 2.81, 2.70 and 2.60. So on these 2, sir, if you can give some broader color 
on that and in which direction and how are we moving in that direction, sir? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, yes. I will touch first about the asset quality. First point is net NPA percentage, if you see, 
we have come down to 0.38%. And the guidance for this entire year is 0.35%. And definitely, 
we are going to do that. We will be well below 0.35%. Provision coverage ratio, we are at 96%, 
so well provided. 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
Gross NPA, we are at 3.45% and the guidance for this entire year, what we have given is below 
3%, and we are going to achieve that guidance. Going forward, '26, '27, I think again we will 
come out with a new strategy. And there, we will indicate that how we are going to move 
forward. But I am very confident that since for the last 2 years, quarter-to-quarter, if you see, the 
recovery in every quarter is higher than the slippages. 
 
In this particular quarter also, if I exclude the TWO part, still our recovery, INR2,700 crores, 
INR2,800 crores is the recovery under the upgradation, yes, upgradation and the cash recovery 
which is higher than the slippages which has happened to the tune of INR1,900 crores. So even 
if I exclude that TWO recovery and recovery in the interest income, still our recovery is higher 
than the interest -- the slippages. And this trend is going to continue. 
 
So on our own, we are going to reduce that. And then the technical write-off. If you see in this 
quarter, hardly, we have used only INR1,200 crores of technical write-off. And we have -- the 
net NPA-wise absolute number is only INR4,000 crores now. So our 1 quarter profit is sufficient 
to take care of the entire net NPA, and we can make a zero NPA bank now. So NPA-wise, we 
are well provided. Asset is doing very well. 
 
I told you that none of my corporate book is -- even the SMA is 0 now. So I think credit writing 
has improved. And for the last -- in my opening remarks also, I had mentioned that for the last 
5 years, how my sanction book is behaving. Hardly the NPA percentage in the last 5 years, 
sanction book is 1.40%, I think that gives you comfort that, yes, book is behaving well. And 
going forward also, there will not be any challenge on our gross NPA and Net NPA. 
 
Second part -- second your question was NIM. Yes, the impact of the repo cost has already 
happened in the Q1 and Q2. And the repricing of deposits has already started and more than I 
think a bigger book has already been repriced. I'm expecting that in the Q3, around 70% to 80% 
of the term deposit of 1 year will get repriced. 
 
And definitely, we will have the benefit under the NIM and the NII in the Q3 and Q4. And that 
is the basis on which I'm telling that at least by 5% -- 5 basis points the ROA will improve in 
this particular quarter Q3 and around 10 basis points in the Q4. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Is around 1.10 -- 1.09% ROA... 
Ashok Chandra: 
It will be around, yes, yes, it will be around 1.10%. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
And the NIM improvements are, again, 10, 15 basis points? 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes, yes, yes. Around 15 basis points, definitely, it will happen. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
 
 
Punjab National Bank
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Ashok Chandra: 
Yes. Bank is doing very well for the last 2 years. quarter-to-quarter, if you see the performance, 
there has been a consistency there in the performance and the quality -- the asset to control-wise, 
asset quality, overall growth, I think we are all poised for a good performance, both in the top 
line and the bottom line. And my request to all my analyst friends that you should report in our 
performance. We will continue to deliver better and better, all my good wishes and all the best 
for the Diwali festival to you and your family members. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
