 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500214  
 
 
 
Symbol: IONEXCHANG 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for the earnings conference call held for Q2 FY 2025-26 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the earnings Conference Call held with 
Institutional Investors/Analysts (Group Meeting) on Friday, 7th November, 2025, regarding 
discussion on operational and financial performance for the second quarter and half year ended 
30th September, 2025. The said transcript is also available on the Company's website at 
www.ionexchangeglobal.com. 
 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Nikisha Solanki 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS - 50894 
 
NIKISHA 
YOGESH 
SOLANKI
Digitally signed 
by NIKISHA 
YOGESH SOLANKI 
Date: 2025.11.12 
16:54:35 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ion Exchange 
(India) Limited Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is 
Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor 
relations of Ion Exchange (India) Limited. On behalf of the company and 
Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank you all for participating in the 
company's earnings conference call for the 2nd Quarter and first half of 
the financial year 2026. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement: 
Some of the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward-
looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risk 
and uncertainty, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management belief as well 
as assumptions made by and information currently available to the 
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance 
on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and 
bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and 
financial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in 
today's Earnings Call and hand it over to them for their opening 
remarks. We have with us Mr. Aankur Patni – Vice-Chairman, Mr. 
Indraneel Dutt – Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Vasant Naik – Group 
Chief Financial Officer, and Ms. Nikisha Solanki – Company Secretary. 

 
Page 2 of 21 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Vasant Naik to start with his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vasant Naik: 
Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon, everybody. It is a pleasure to 
welcome you all to the Earnings Conference Call for the 2nd Quarter 
and first half of Financial Year 2026. 
For the 2nd Quarter under review, on a consolidated basis, the 
operations normalized with the completion of migration to the SAP 
environment and the company reported an operating income of INR 
7,339 million, an increase of around 14% year-on-year. The EBITDA 
stood at INR 685 million, which is largely on the same line year-on-year. 
The EBITDA margin stood at 9.33% and net profit was INR 499 million, 
a decline slightly by 1.4% year-on-year, while the PAT margin was 
6.8%. 
For the first half of financial year 2026, the company reported operating 
income of INR 13,171 million, an increase of 9% year-on-year. The 
EBITDA stood at INR 1,310 million, down 1% year-on-year. The 
EBITDA margin stood at 9.95% and net profit was INR 984 million, an 
increase of 3% year-on-year, while the PAT margin was around 7.47%. 
Now let me take you through the quarterly segmental performance on 
a consolidated basis. In the engineering division, the revenue for the 
quarter was INR 4,562 million, an increase of 16% year-on-year. The 
segment EBIT was INR 224 million, a decline of 5% year-on-year. The 
inquiry bank has remained steady and we witnessed a sequential 
increase in order flow during the quarter, driven primarily by medium-
sized opportunities. We also secured a few orders in ultra-pure and 
high-purity water projects within the solar and pharmaceutical segments 
and continue to actively pursue additional opportunities in these areas. 
Our services division recorded strong growth during the quarter, 
supported by the acquisition of several high-value long-term O&M 
contracts. Execution activity picked up pace during the quarter in the 
industrial segment, resulting in both sequential and year-on-year 
improvement in turnover. Our execution of the UP Jal Nigam order 
remained muted during the quarter. Regarding the Sri Lanka project, 
with the resumption of funding by the customer and with their 
satisfaction with the company's ongoing progress of work, we are now 

 
Page 3 of 21 
expediting the completion of the contract. Margins during the quarter 
were impacted primarily by elevated infrastructure costs. These were 
planned investments to support higher future volumes, as well as the 
continuing effect of a legacy project that has influenced the margins for 
the period. During the quarter, we also entered into a strategic 
partnership with MANN+HUMMEL Water & Membrane Solutions for 
manufacture of hollow-fibre ultrafiltration and membrane bioreactor 
membranes in India. This will be under a co-branding arrangement 
between the HYDRAMEM brand and MANN+HUMMEL. Leveraging 
MANN+HUMMEL's global proven membrane technology, we will 
produce these advanced membranes locally at our state-of-the-art 
manufacturing facility, thereby reducing the import dependence and 
enhancing cost efficiency and competitiveness in the water treatment 
project across India. The company also continued to invest in its 
standard system engineering facilities to expand the range of innovative 
off-the-shelf engineering products. The current order book stood at INR 
27,110 million with an order inflow of INR 4,700 million during the 
quarter. 
Coming to the chemical segment, the revenue for the quarter was INR 
2,184 million and increased by around 11% year-on-year. The EBIT 
stood at INR 591 million, increase of 13% year-on-year. The segment 
recorded both sequential and year-on-year improvement in turnover 
during the quarter while maintaining its margin profile reflecting 
consistent operational performance. We are also pleased to share that 
the company has commenced the stage-wise commissioning and 
commercialization of its greenfield manufacturing plant at Roha, 
Maharashtra from the last week of September 2025. This important 
milestone further strengthens our manufacturing capabilities and 
underscores our commitment to delivering high-quality Indian iron 
exchange resin to customers across the globe. 
For the consumer product division, the revenue for the quarter stood at 
INR 858 million which increased by around 24% year-on-year. The loss 
for the quarter was INR 27 million as against a loss of INR 35 million in 
the same period of the previous year. The segment continues to record 
healthy volume growth. We have maintained our leadership position in 
the softener segment while steadily expanding our market share in 

 
Page 4 of 21 
other segments through the implementation of focused and aggressive 
marketing strategies. 
With this, we can start with the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Chetan Vohra from 
Abakkus Asset Management. Please proceed. 
Chetan Vohra: 
Yes. Hi, hello sir. Sir, on the engineering front, we saw the execution 
picking up at 18% growth rate. But whereas the margins were like all-
time low at 4.8%, how should we understand these two situations 
wherein the execution has improved but the margins are going lower 
and lower and these margins were like never heard of. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Good afternoon, Chetan ji. Thank you for your question. This is 
Indraneel Dutt speaking. So, your observation is valid. So, let me 
answer both parts of the question. I think on the revenues, as you know, 
as we reported in the first quarter results, that we were in the process 
of implementing the SAP system. And as a result, our first quarter 
performance was muted on account of that implementation. And the 
engineering business obviously picked up those latent or pending order 
backlog and we were able to bring forward the execution in the 2nd 
Quarter. So, that is why you see a decent growth there. In terms of the 
margins, I think this has been consistent with what we have been calling 
out in the past few quarter calls where we have already highlighted 
about the challenges in one or two of the projects that we are going to 
execute. And we had informed the stakeholders that we expect to 
continue for some more time.. UP execution has been slow but we  
continue  to bear the corresponding  expenses of fixed nature. And that 
is the reason why you see a temporary downturn on the profitability 
side. And we continue to work on the execution of this balance order.  
The current order book includes several projects with better -margin 
which will start getting executed in the third and fourth quarters, and we 
expect these to enhance overall profitability. There are also other orders 
that are coming in with an improved profitability mix. So, we hope that 
going forward, it will slowly start normalizing. But this year will continue 
to be relatively tough till we close out these pending projects in the 
engineering segment. 

 
Page 5 of 21 
Chetan Vohra: 
So, for two parts to that, can you just quantify how much percentage of 
the legacy projects are yet to be executed? If not the amount, can you 
tell us in the percentage terms, what percentage of the legacy orders 
are still to be executed? And till then, whether we will be seeing the 
margins of 5%? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
As I said, we will not give any details on any specific projects, either on 
balance pending execution or on the margin levels. But we have 
mentioned in the past that we expect the execution of these one or two 
projects to continue till the end of this financial year. We are still holding 
on to that assessment from our side. This project execution continues. 
We are making good progress. But the headwinds on the margin 
continues. At the same time, we have picked up a decent flow of orders 
in this quarter, which have been with a favorable profitability profile. So, 
we believe as those projects get into execution, the overall situation will 
start getting better. But beyond this, at this point in time, we will not be 
able to offer you any more specific information. 
Chetan Vohra: 
Sir, as you had mentioned last quarter that by quarter 2, you would be 
able to be in a position to say how the full year looks like. So, for FY’26, 
what should be the revenue trajectory and the margin profile for the 
engineering front? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We expect the second half performance to be better than 2nd quarter 
performance and expect engineering margins for second half in the 
region of 6/7 % . I think on the engineering side that will be our call right 
now. Because some of the projects with better profitability profile will 
start billing only in in 3rd quarter and more so in the 4th quarter . Further 
, some of the better margin projects that we have won in  the second 
quarter will start billing towards the end of the 4th quarter or early next 
year.  . We have been able to execute well and make steady progress 
in project execution. We have improved billing this quarter from the 
ongoing EPC contracts. But UP continues to be slow due to funding 
issues. 
Chetan Vohra: 
Again, sir, the first half was, I would say, quite in contrast to the quarter 
1, where there was a revenue decline whereas the margin stood at 9% 
because of some one-off thing. In the quarter 2, the margins were down 
to 4.5%. So, for the full year, whether we should consider that the FY’25 
margins will be maintained, or it will be lower than that. And for the 

 
Page 6 of 21 
revenue also, the first quarter was negative and the first half revenue 
growth was only 7%. So, what should be the ballpark guidance? I 
understand that you do not give the guidance, but a range, I would ask. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, I would say that the first quarter had some special causes.  
Engineering margins have been sub optimal in the in the 2nd Quarter 
due to the reasons outlined earlier. Subsequent quarters should be 
better than 2nd quarter.  
Chetan Vohra: 
Right. Okay. And by the year-end, we are quite confident that the legacy 
project should be done and dusted. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
As of now, we are trying to see how much we can get that over the line. 
It is in our interest to get that closed off. And that project execution is 
moving well. Everyone at the top leadership team is involved closely.. 
Chetan Vohra: 
Right. And coming to the chemicals front, now the greenfield plant, the 
planted row has got commissioned. So, we should expect logically the 
revenue growth trajectory to pick up, right? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Directionally, yes. We have given our outlook on the Roha plant and we 
have said that this plant will progressively get commissioned. And we 
have also said that we are expecting the plant commissioning to start 
before the end of the first half. We are happy to say that in September,  
we were able to commence with the commissioning of  the plant. We 
have already said that we expect this plant to reach optimal capacity 
utilization of the proposed capacity over the next three to four years. It 
is a gradual ramp-up that we are planning. We are planning to gradually 
ramp up the commissioned capacity to reach the proposed levels by the 
end of the current financial year.  We expect that in the first 12 months 
of the plant's production, we should be able to reach a capacity 
utilization of around 25%.  Right now, the Roha plant commissioning 
and gradual upscaling on production continues very much as per plan. 
Chetan Vohra: 
So, in terms of the growth for the full year for the chemicals, how should 
one see? Because the first half has been like 2% growth. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
The first half was impacted, as we said, through the SAP 
implementation. So, we kind of recovered partly in the 2nd Quarter. As 
you know, the chemical segment, whatever is lost is a consumable item. 

 
Page 7 of 21 
So, you do not get that back. But we delivered good 9% plus year-on-
year growth in the 2nd Quarter. We expect to continue that profile for 
the balance of the year across our chemical and resin businesses. I 
think the outlook is good at this point in time and we believe we can 
continue this trajectory of growth for the balance of the year. 
Chetan Vohra: 
And what about the profitability? Because, chemical, this quarter 
margins were like all-time high of close to 29%. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Yes, so this is something that is very dynamic. We have talked about it 
in the past. It is a function of the market pricing as well as the raw 
material, which again is very volatile and we keep track of the 
commodity prices as well as on the exchange rate. At the same time, it 
depends also upon the product mix that we get from both our resin and 
the chemical businesses.  It will be our endavour to try to maintain these 
margins at around these levels. I think the engineering one is easier to 
call because you at least have the backlog in place. There is a little bit 
of volatility on the chemical side.  I think the company has been broadly 
successful in holding on to these levels of margin performance. But it is 
still a very dynamic situation and I would just be conservative and 
cautious that we continue to watch out for the market scenarios and try 
to do our best to ensure we are able to continue giving the same rate of 
returns on the business. 
Chetan Vohra: 
All right, sir. And how much in total we would have incurred on the Roha 
plant? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Chetan. 
Chetan Vohra: 
Yes, ma'am. This is the last question. How much we would have 
incurred for the Roha plant in total? 
Vasant Naik: 
We have indicated in the past that our total CAPEX on the Roha plant 
is in the region of Rs. 450crores roughly.  
Chetan Vohra: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ruchit Agrawal from 
Unifi Mutual Fund. Please proceed. 

 
Page 8 of 21 
Ruchit Agrawal: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Sir, a question on the consumer product business. Last two 
quarters, we have shown good growth in the segment. Can you help us 
understand what are the levers driving this segment and what is the 
kind of break-even timeline that we are looking at? And also, if you 
would reiterate the timeline on the Rs. 500 crore guidance for the 
segment. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Thank you for the question. So, for the consumer product division, I 
think it is a very, very big market that we are playing in. And we believe 
that there is enough for us to still go and get share from the market. We 
have strong confidence in our product portfolios, some of which are 
market leaders in their own areas. And I think it has been, I would say, 
a consistent journey of gaining more customer share. Our service 
contracts also are increasing quarter-on-quarter. And I think also we are 
investing in our brand promotions. You will possibly hear us on some of 
the FM channels. You will hear us in some of our “Bharat Ka Pani” 
advertisements that we have launched. So, all of that, I think, is 
resonating with our customer base. We continue to also launch 
products in the healthier side of the spectrum with alkaline water, 
hydrogen water. Those also are showing good response from the 
market. We are also expanding geographically to neighboring markets 
like Nepal, where again, I think we are seeing positive, encouraging 
response and acceptance. So, it is a massive market. We are still a very 
small player. And I think there is enough headroom for us to grow. The 
team is very strong, very motivated. The product team will be coming 
out with new product lines. We see continued growth. The segment is 
growing. On your question on when we go to Rs. 500 crores, we 
typically do not give any guidance on such figures. But this is one of the 
strong performing businesses in the portfolio because driven by 
consumer demand, consumer growth. And I think we see that 
continuing for us in the future. 
Ruchit Agrawal: 
And, sir, anything on the break-even timeline for the segment? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
The team is working towards growing this business. We are ploughing 
all the money generated back into the business in terms of gaining 
share and in promotional activities. We are getting into more channels 
to market, retailers. We are on large stores formats. It is all about, 
gaining share and, and increasing our market presence. So, I do not 

 
Page 9 of 21 
think there is really a big concern from the break-even standpoint. We 
are investing, reinvesting back. We are choosing to reinvest their profits 
back into the business to grow the business further. 
Ruchit Agrawal: 
Sir, a question on the engineering segment. We have seen the two 
projects in UP and Sri Lanka contribute about 10% to 12% of our 
revenues this quarter. And as you mentioned that it had impacted 
margins as well. Can you brief us more on that as to how they have 
impacted the margins and a little bit more color on how the elevated 
infra costs have come through for the quarter? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We do not give any specific views on how a specific project has moved. 
We have reached more than 90% of execution on Sri Lanka  project. 
We continue to see good fund flow coming in on the project. We are 
close towards finishing off the balance of the project. We have got 
tremendous amount of goodwill the way the Sri Lanka job has been 
executed.  We are on track with respect to our receivables and 
collections. It is, definitely one of the marquee projects that the company 
has done and has  helped us to gain strong confidence in an 
international market . For UP project ,the fund flow, as we have 
mentioned in the past, has been slower than expectation. We believe 
that these projects will pick up in the quarters to come. So, I think UP, 
the status remains broadly similar to our last quarter's conversation. 
Apart from that, there are other projects that we continue to go through. 
Some of them, we are in the process of concluding. And there are new 
projects, as we said, about Rs. 470 crores worth of orders we have 
closed in the last quarter that we will get into the execution more in 
some time. 
Ruchit Agrawal: 
And one question on the Roha plant, when can we expect the balance 
capacity to commission? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We are planning to gradually ramp up the commissioned capacity to 
reach the proposed levels by the end of the current financial year.  We 
expect that in the first 12 months of the plant's production, we should 
be able to reach a capacity utilization around  25%  Right now, the Roha 
plant commissioning and gradual upscaling on production continues 
very much as per plan. 
 

 
Page 10 of 21 
Ruchit Agrawal: 
Sir, if you can help us understand, when we can 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Ruchit. May we request you to join the queue? 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Deepak from 
Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please proceed. 
Deepak: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Yes. 
Deepak: 
Yes. Hi, sir. So, sir, first question is in our strategic partnership, which 
you have mentioned in the presentation of MANN+HUMMEL water 
membrane. So, could you just elaborate on this opportunity? Because 
we are talking about producing it locally. So, it is in form of import 
substitution for us. I just wanted to understand what was the, let us say, 
quantum of import of this MANN+HUMMEL membrane solution or 
components in India, let's say, in FY’25. And how well are they 
penetrated in, let us say, Indian water treatment solution? And what are 
the primary applications which goes into? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
This particular collaboration is happening on the membrane product 
line, which is a part of our engineering segment. Our company has been 
actively investing in the membrane portfolio. We currently have product 
lines in reverse osmosis or RO, both in brackish water, seawater, 
fouling resistant membranes. We have offerings in ultrafiltration 
membranes, both technologies of polyethersulfon and polyvinyldene  
fluoride. We have nano-filtration membrane that we offer in the 
marketplace. So, this particular collaboration is an effort to further 
expand and complete the full range of membrane offerings in the global 
market. Along with our reverse osmosis, nano-filtration and 
ultrafiltration membranes, what this technology partnership gives us is 
access to top-of-the-line technologies in the area of membrane 
bioreactor, which is largely used in wastewater applications, as well as 
in hot sanitizable RO, which is used in the biopharma applications, and 
also gives us some additional technology in the ultrafiltration range. In 
the ultrafiltration range, we are already been present in the market, but 
this is a technology allows us to compete with the very best in the world, 
and this partnership will allow us to be the sole partner for 
MANN+HUMMEL in the domestic market. It also allows us to take this 
technology to the rest of the world as well in the markets that we play 

 
Page 11 of 21 
in. It also allows MANN+HUMMEL to use our state-of-the-art 
manufacturing facilities to manufacture these membranes and other 
ranges for their global consumption. So, we see this to be a win-win 
situation of two globally well-known, reputed brands coming together, 
leveraging the technology, leveraging the low-cost country presence in 
India of Ion Exchange in a segment that the company is investing into, 
and this will help both these companies expand their respective global 
presence. 
Deepak: 
Okay. And so, would this investment to manufacture this, would it be 
under a JV route, and how much CAPEX would be required, and how 
much do we plan to spend, let us say, in the next two to three years, 
and what is the revenue potential from this venture? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
 This is not going to be a JV route. This is more of a technology licensing 
that we are doing with MANN+HUMMEL. This will be manufactured in 
Ion Exchange's manufacturing plant in the state of Goa, and we have 
already shared earlier that apart from resins, the other product 
technology where the company has been investing over the past 
several years is on membrane technology, which we see to be a huge 
area of growth in the future for the company because of demand in 
wastewater, demand in desalination that is there not only in the country, 
but also across the world and the markets that we focus and supply into. 
So, this is very much a part of our strategy. This is not going to be a JV, 
it is going to be a technology sharing where we will leverage that 
technology and the knowledge combined with our current knowledge of 
the technology and make those products cater to the Indian market 
exclusively for MANN+HUMMEL, and also take this technology and the 
products for Ion Exchange customers globally, and also offer 
MANN+HUMMEL 
a 
manufacturing 
location 
where 
they 
can 
manufacture these membranes and also cater to their global market. 
So, overall, it is very much going to be investment driven by Ion 
Exchange, but gives both the companies a win-win proposition. 
Deepak: 
Okay, and so then there could be some royalty payment for using that 
technology, and separately do we need an incremental, let us say, what 
is the CAPEX intensity, let us say, even though if we have to do this on 
our own facility, is there any incremental CAPEX which is required to 
do this? 

 
Page 12 of 21 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So, yes, on the question of royalty, that is part of standard technology 
licensing agreements, so nothing very specific or material to mention 
here. On the CAPEX investments, I think there have been already plans 
with the company on growing and investing in this segment, and this 
particular collaboration fits well into our current investment and growth 
plans for this product line. So, there is nothing substantively different 
that we will be doing. It just gives us access to world-class technology 
and accelerates the process of offering that to the market. You know, 
the company was well on its way to develop this indigenously. Partly it 
has already been done, but it just accelerates our ability to take it to 
market quite a bit faster than possibly was originally envisaged. 
Deepak: 
Okay. So, one question on the chemical front. Since now we are doing 
this commercialization of the Roha plant in a phased manner, sorry if I 
missed it earlier, I just wanted to know what is the revenue guidance for 
the chemical segment, including the Roha, the overall chemical for 
FY’26 and 27? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We do not give a specific guidance on a particular location, but we are 
looking at, about 9% to 10% of year-on-year growth for the year for 
Chemical segment.  
Deepak: 
Okay. And one last question to Vasant sir. So, for this half yearly, if I 
look at your cash flow statement, we have spent around Rs. 160 odd 
crores, right? And this was almost half of what we spent in FY’25. And 
assuming that most of our CAPEX for Roha plant was already 
consumed by FY’25 since the commercialization was expected in Q1 of 
FY’26, I just wanted to understand, means, where have we spent this 
Rs. 150 crore in this half yearly and what is the full year CAPEX 
guidance and where it will be spent? 
Vasant Naik: 
The half year CAPEX spent was around Rs. 160 crores out of which 
roughly Rs. 120 crores would have been in the Roha plant. And the 
balance CAPEX largely is in our existing manufacturing engineering 
facilities, as well as in the membrane and in the chemical segment 
facilities. As far as the total CAPEX expectation for the year, excluding 
the Roha plant, it should be in the region of around Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 
100 crores, roughly. 

 
Page 13 of 21 
Deepak: 
Okay. And because of this, let us say, one of our gross debt has gone 
up from Rs. 300 odd crores to Rs. 400 odd crores in this September 
closing quarter. So, what peak debt level are we looking at, let us say, 
by FY’26 end? 
Vasant Naik: 
We should be having another 50 crores, roughly, addition in the gross 
debt level from the current. 
Deepak: 
Okay. Thank you so much sir for answering the question. I will fall back 
in the queue. 
Vasant Naik: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from 
Unique PMS. Please proceed. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Sir, in the notes to account, we have 
highlighted this cost of material consumed includes great expense on 
some contract. What is this? Is this a legacy cost that we are calling out 
the onerous contract or is this something else? 
Vasant Naik: 
No, this is part of the accounting standard requirement of disclosing the 
costs, which are directly attributable to the engineering contracts under 
execution. So, these are basically direct costs on the engineering EPC 
contracts, which are reclassified to COGS from the operation expenses 
side. And this is a standard norm which is followed across all EPC 
companies. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. And just, I mean, even if we conclude this onerous contract by 
end of FY’26, but even then we would not be back on margin track next 
year, right? I mean, given UP, assuming that ramps up, I mean, it is a 
question of when. But if it does, that I believe would be at a lower 
margin. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We continue to see very aggressive pricing in the marketplace as far as 
large projects are concerned. We have been selective in the kind of 
projects we pick up. However, it is a fact that across the industry there 
is  severe competition. So, we have, our new projects that we have won 
have been very selective. We believe there will be a better margin 
profile. But, I mean, this is, our effort clearly is to improve the margin 
profile of the engineering business from where they are The current 

 
Page 14 of 21 
order book includes several projects with better -margin which will start 
getting executed in the third and fourth quarters, and we expect these 
to enhance overall profitability.As of now, the teams are focused to see 
that we close off some of these balance legacy projects and try to 
protect our margins to the best extent possible. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. So, my question was, except this onerous and legacy projects, 
I mean, we earlier used to do 10%, 11% EBIT margin for the full year. I 
mean, is the environment still similar or like you said, with increased 
competition, that does not seem like it? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
See, there are multiple factors at play. The mix of the projects matters. 
The kind of industry that you are picking up those projects, you know, 
industrial versus infrastructure, domestic versus exports. So, there are 
multiple factors that come into play. Our effort is to see that we get 
towards high single digit of profitability on the engineering side. We 
continue to double down on areas like products,  services , short cycled 
projects and value added offerings to see we can get a better margin 
mix. As you would know the composition and the profile of the 
profitability, will vary or varies based on the mix of the order bank. 
Therefore, as I said  it will depend on how much of domestic orders we 
have in the order bank versus international, industrial versus 
infrastructure, water versus wastewater etc.  
Pratik Kothari: 
Fair enough. Point taken. And in chemical, t of this Rs. 400 odd crores, 
you are investing some Rs. 1,80 crores specific on some tech 
upgradation, which was, I think, happening for the first time in a 
company in India. And the comment then was once the plant 
commercializes, we will kind of share more details. So, now that it is, if 
you can, what was that tech that we were investing in? And just some 
details around that. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
The entire plant commissioning will take a little time. This particular part 
of the project is towards the end of the commissioning phase, which we 
expect to be over in the fourth quarter. So, once that happens, I think at 
the earnings call for the fourth quarter  we will be very happy to talk 
about those unique, best in the world feature that will be introduced in 
the Roha plant. 

 
Page 15 of 21 
Pratik Kothari: 
That is fair. I will ask them again. And last two, Vasant sir, the increased 
depreciation and interest because of Roha capitalization, which you did 
in September from Q3 onwards, annualized or quarterly, whatever. 
Vasant Naik: 
Next year, depreciation, should be in the region of around Rs. 40 crores 
a year. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Fair enough. Thank you and all the best. 
Vasant Naik: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghav Maheshwari 
from Kamaya Wealth Management. Please proceed. 
Raghav Maheshwari:Yes. Sir, I just wanted to get an understanding on what has been the 
capacity utilization on the chemical front given our additional Roha 
capacity of around 10% of the plant capacity expansion. What has been 
the utilization of the overall unit? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We are seeing clear, strong demand in this particular segment. Across 
both our businesses, we see good capacity utilization.  The reason for 
the company to invest in this state-of-the-art new resin plant was that 
we were maxed out in capacity in our current plant. We are in a supply-
constrained market. As we scale up, we see good demand picking up 
for our supplies. And the same applies to our chemical business as well. 
Raghav Maheshwari:Sir, will you be able to give what has been the utilization of the new 
added capacity at the Roha plant? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We are selling whatever we are making.  We will continue to sell 
whatever we make. Also, it needs to be understood that a plant of this 
nature is not like flipping a button. It is a chemical process plant. It 
requires to be optimized. You have to get the right quality. These are 
export products that we are shipping out to customers. They are facing 
global measures.  That requires a lot of preparation and ensuring that 
quality is best in class in the world. So the scale-up has to be done in 
the right way using our technology and IP knowledge to ensure that we 
can give our customers across the world the quality that they have 
committed and they deserve. So hence, the scale-up is gradual. It is 
deliberately, intentionally gradual. And whatever scale-up we are doing, 
we also are keeping in mind that we are able to liquidate that inventory. 

 
Page 16 of 21 
So that is how we are scaling up. And that is why it is a deliberate 
phased capacity enhancement that we are doing in the plant. And as I 
said, right now, whatever we are manufacturing from both our plants 
are getting consumed in the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Raghav. May we request you to 
join the queue as there are other several participants waiting. Thank 
you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor 
and Company. Please proceed. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. Sir, we look at the capital work-in-progress closing balance at 
Rs. 200 crores. So, all these are pertaining to the Roha facility only or 
since we have capitalized on the project, if you could just clarify once 
again, what does this Rs. 200 crores balance attribute to? 
Vasant Naik: 
We have capitalized the Roha plant partially to the extent we have been 
able to commercialize the streams. So, the balance of the plant is still 
lying in the capital work-in-progress. And the large part of the capital 
work-in-progress balance which you just mentioned is related to the 
Roha plant only. And that should get capitalized over the next few 
months. And before the year-end, we should have the entire plant 
capitalized. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. With respect to the bid pipeline, I think some number was 
mentioned, sir, in the presentation. I am just making it about the order 
book bid pipeline. Can you give some color on our win ratio and by when 
will these bid pipelines get converted? So, for the end of the year or for 
the H2, what kind of order wins are we looking forward for the 
engineering segment? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Our current bid pipeline stands at approximately Rs. 9,011 crores. The 
majority of the opportunities originate from the private sector and the 
public sector undertaking. The government and the infrastructure 
segment is a small part of this pipeline. In the last quarter that closed, 
as we already announced, the order inflow from engineering projects 
has been Rs. 470 crores. So, this has been better than our first quarter 
booking because a lot of it is driven by timelines. As we have said 
already earlier, we are very selective in terms of the projects we pick 
up. Also, driven by our experience of some of these legacy projects that 
we are trying to close, we continue to pursue opportunities in India and 

 
Page 17 of 21 
abroad. There are multiple projects, both small and large, which are 
under negotiation and discussions both in India and abroad. As and 
when anything material closes, we will be happy to share that with the 
investor community. Again, the engineering business continues to see 
promising growth. There are opportunities everywhere in both 
wastewater and desalination, ultra-pure water, high-purity water that we 
continue to look at across both domestic as well as international 
markets. There are other emerging sectors which are also coming up in 
terms of electronics, semiconductors, solar, data centers. That is also 
something that we would want to pursue going forward. So, to answer 
your question, Rs. 470 crores last quarter orders booked, Rs. 9,011 
crores of active offer bank and about 15% to 20% of win ratio. And we 
continue to see strong demand and opportunities that we are pursuing 
both in India and abroad. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay and this order should be closing, the 9,000 books should close by 
March’26, sir? Since the bids are open by now, that should be the 
opportunity. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Some will close, s will spill over to next year. We expect some decisions 
to be made, so they will go out of the funnel. We are actively working in 
all these areas to bring more opportunities into the funnel. It is a 
continuous process. If you look, our engineering offer bank has 
remained in theregion of Rs. 8,000 crores to Rs. 9,000 crores for the 
past several years.. And in fact, some of these focus markets, we want 
to see if we can grow that offer bank as well. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay and one small point, sir, regarding one acquisition of MAPRIL, 
MAPRIL is a foreign company we have acquired. How has been the 
performance of the same? I think so we were carrying some debt also 
on the books of the company. So how has the debt repayment been 
with respect to the same? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
 The overall performance has been good. There were some debt on the 
books and we continue to work towards paying them off. I think the 
teams are now fully trained on our product lines. We are leveraging the 
local presence and their relationships locally to promote the Ion 
Exchange product portfolio..  We continue to look at that business to be 
the springboard for the company's growth in the overall European 
continent. 

 
Page 18 of 21 
Saket Kapoor: 
Any revenue number you can share, sir? I will join the queue now. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
We would not like  to  share specific subsidiary numbers at this stage. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, that is in the trading space or in the manufacturing space? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Right now we do not manufacture our products  there. It is largely a 
product coming from  our existing manufacturing facilities. But going 
forward, yes, we do have plans of some strategic manufacturing, 
leveraging the infrastructure and the location there.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you, sir. I will join the queue and all the best. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kishore Kumar from 
Unifi Capital. Please proceed. 
Kishore Kumar: 
Thank you, sir. My question is on the Roha plant commissioning. Sorry 
if you had answered this already. We had commissioned around 10% 
of the expansion. When are we planning to commission the remaining? 
Can we expect the remaining to be commissioned by the end of this 
year, gradually? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
Our plan is to get the commissioning of the plant done by this financial 
year. But as I said, the full scale-up of production of this plant is 
envisaged over the next three to four years. But as far as 
commissioning of the plant is concerned, including the unique 
technology that we are trying to unveil, that should get done by the end 
of this financial year. That is what we are targeting for.  
Kishore Kumar: 
Got it sir. And for the capacity that is already commissioned, what is the 
year-end exit capacity utilization that we are targeting? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
The capacity that already been commissioned will be fully utilized well 
before the end of the current financial year. We will continue to ramp up 
capacities up to the proposed levels by the end of the current financial 
year. But as I said, we will get to full capacity  utilization over the next 
three to four years. But as of now, our financials and all our projections 
that we have made for this business growth is to go to full capacity over 

 
Page 19 of 21 
the next three to four years. This plant can potentially be  expanded 
further to have a capacity at later dates .  We will take it up in phases.  
Kishore Kumar: 
And my follow-up question is on the capitalization that we have done in 
H1. We have done about 350 crores of capitalization that is CWIP 
moving to gross block, and we are already around Rs. 200 crores there 
in the CWIP now. But what is the commission 10% of the plant? Am I 
missing something? 
Vasant Naik: 
No, we have commissioned 10% of the manufacturing plant and 
machinery. But the utilities and the other service centers, they have 
been fully completed. So that has also got capitalized. That is the 
reason why there is a 10% manufacturing capacity capitalization. But 
the overall value of capitalization is much higher. 
Kishore Kumar: 
And moving on to the engineering segment margins, you mentioned 
about the legacy project's impact and elevated infrastructure costs. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Kishore. May we request you to join the question 
queue again? 
Kishore Kumar: 
That is just a follow-up. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
All right. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil from 
Unique PMS. Please proceed. 
Sunil: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Being a little long-term investor, I 
repeatedly heard and listened to management actively by Mr. Sharma 
and Mr. Patni. What I understand is this segment of engineering, which 
during the last 10 years moved from 2% to 10% margin, going back to 
around 4%, 5%. We are a very engineering-driven company, 
technology-driven company. And so we do not take a very low margin 
in some projects which are not having any scale added. So what 
lessons have we learned in the last two, three years? And when you 
see, will we be going back to those very respectable margins of maybe 
double digits for the engineering segment? That is my first question. 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So thank you, sir. Looks like you have been really long associated with 
the company and your observations are valid. And the company, as I 
said, has taken lessons from a couple of those legacy projects, which 
is why you see us becoming very selective in the kind of orders we pick 

 
Page 20 of 21 
up. And I am happy to share that some of the projects we picked up in 
the last quarter, definitely a lot more comfortable from a profitability 
standpoint for us. You also rightly said, sir, that we are a technology 
company. And engineering is one of the segments, but even in 
engineering, it is a composite segment. It is made up of projects, it is 
made up of products, it is made up of services. And the membrane 
technology collaboration we talked about is part of the product 
business. That is a business that we are heavily investing in. It is a 
significantly higher potential in the marketplace. We are significantly 
trying to drive growth on the services side, which we believe is very 
important because it allows us to get an continuous revenue stream, 
offer value-added services to our customers. We are also working on 
digital offerings that we have mentioned in our annual reports, and we 
believe those will complement our services business. Within the EPC 
projects portion we are looking to increase our presence in more 
technology-intensive areas like ultra-pure water, high-purity water, 
desalination, wastewater etc and  our endeavor is to increase our 
competitiveness and margins by increased value addition. Our focus is 
to increase the  share of higher margin products , services, high-tech 
solutions, which we believe should help us improve the overall margin 
profile of this engineering segment.  
Sunil: 
Great, sir. And just last point, sir. Basically, when we thought about this 
new Roha project, our thought process was very clear that the global 
market is ready for accepting our products, and we will be definitely able 
to sell whatever we will be able to produce, and which you are talking 
about next three, four years we will be utilizing. My question is, looking 
at this tariff and all this matter, do you feel we will have to rethink our 
thought process, or we are confident about our progress? 
Indraneel Dutt: 
So right now, again, a good question, sir, but I think what we would like 
to state is that we feel that our original strategy is very much relevant 
as of now. While the tariff situation is extremely dynamic, and one can 
never predict what will happen, but at this point in time, all we would like 
to say is that the current tariff policies that are there today in the various 
focus markets of the world continue to give us confidence that our 
investment in this world-class plant was justified, and maybe in time for 
us to be ready for the market demand that we see right now. 

 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, that was the last question for the 
day. I now hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Nikisha Solanki: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings conference call. I hope 
we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have 
any further questions or would like to know more about the company, 
please reach out to our investor relations manager at Valorem Advisors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ion Exchange (India) Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
