 
17th January, 2026 
To, 
 
The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Ltd. 
Mumbai 
The Manager (Listing), 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Mumbai 
Company’s Scrip Code: 505700 
Company’s Scrip Code: ELECON 
 
Sub. : Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 9th January, 2026 
Ref. 
: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to the above referred Regulation and in continuation of our letter                           
dated 6th January, 2026, please find attached herewith the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on 9th January, 2026 for Q3 of the Financial Year 2025-26.  
 
The 
same 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.elecon.com/investors/audio-video-recordings-and-transcripts-of-post-
earnings-quarterly-calls.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Elecon Engineering Company Limited, 
 
 
 
Bharti Isarani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Isarani 
Bhartiben 
Lalitkumar
Digitally signed by Isarani Bhartiben 
Lalitkumar 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0260, 
pseudonym=13344004923474687732l94
66G99GIEd, 
2.5.4.20=c52a2198888be34c1add3d3f70
36982173c1697fa1745ed6de6567e01030
54b2, postalCode=388001, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=f4c51b6318e6acab9d278c
cf2d6ca7b880331cffa3da32bef38e61c2c
76bc835, cn=Isarani Bhartiben Lalitkumar 
Date: 2026.01.17 16:48:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 09, 2026 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 9th January, 2026 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARASIMHAN RAGHUNATHAN – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – ELECON ENGINEERING 
COMPANY LIMITED 
 
MR. DIPAK DALWADI – BUSINESS HEAD OF GEAR 
DIVISION – ELECON ENGINEERING COMPANY LIMITED 
 
MR. KAUSHIK PATEL – BUSINESS HEAD OF MHE 
DIVISION – ELECON ENGINEERING COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIT KAPADIA – ELARA SECURITIES INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Elecon Engineering Company Limited Q3 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities India Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone telephone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities India Private Limited for opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Yes, good evening everyone. We welcome you all to the Q3-FY '26 and nine months FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call of Elecon Engineering Company Limited. Today, we have with us the 
management representative as Mr. Dipak Dalwadi, Head of Gear Division, Mr. Kaushik Patel, 
Head of Material Handling Equipment Division and Mr. Narasimhan Raghunathan, Chief 
Financial Officer along with his team to give us an overview outlook. Over to you, sir, to give 
us outlook for the Q3 FY '26. 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, thank you, Harshit. Good evening everyone and a warm welcome to Elecon Engineering's 
Q3 and nine months FY '26 Earnings Conference call. Joining me today are Mr. Dipak Dalwadi, 
Head of Gear Division, Mr. Kaushik Patel, Head MHE Division. The earnings press release and 
the investor presentation have been filed with the stock exchanges and are also available on our 
website. I trust you have had the opportunity to review them. I will begin with a brief overview 
of our business performance followed by a detailed discussion on the financial results. 
 
Elecon Engineering today stands among Asia's leading manufacturers of industrial gear 
solutions and material handling equipment built on decades of engineering excellence, deep 
domain expertise and trusted customer relationships. 
 
Our material handling equipment division is emerging as a powerful growth engine for the 
company. Backed by over 75 years of experience, the division has unique capabilities to design 
and manufacture large, complex and high capacity equipment such as wagon tipplers, stacker 
reclaimers, crushers and specialized conveyor systems. 
 
These capabilities are possessed by very few players in India, creating a strong competitive mode 
for Elecon. Serving sectors such as power, steel, cement, ports, mining and fertilizers, the MHE 
business continues to deliver customized high value solutions that enhance customer efficiency 
and reliability.  
In our gear division, Elecon maintains a leadership position in India's organized industrial gear 
market. 
 
We offer one of the widest and most comprehensive gear portfolios ranging from heavy duty 
gearboxes to precision engineered components catering to industries such as steel, cement, 
sugar, power and defense. Continuous investments in research and development and 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
infrastructure ensure that innovation, customization and life cycle support remain central to our 
value proposition. 
 
With a presence across nearly 95 countries, a strong global distribution network and long-
standing relationships with customers worldwide, Elecon is well positioned to benefit from the 
ongoing capital expenditure cycle in India and international markets. 
 
With this, I now hand over the call to our gear division head, Mr. Dipak Dalwadi, who will walk 
you through the performance of the gear division. 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
Thank you Mr. Narasimhan. The gear division which contributed approximately 78% of 
consolidated revenue in Q3 delivered a largely stable performance with revenue growth of 1.3% 
year-on-year. Both domestic and overseas businesses demonstrated resilience during the quarter. 
 
The muted growth was largely due to timing-related factors, including delays in order inflows 
during the first half of the year, followed by execution and dispatch deferments arising from 
customer-driven dispatch schedules. Importantly, the underlying demand environment remains 
healthy. We are witnessing strong inquiry levels and improving order inflows across domestic 
and international markets. 
 
Market sentiment is gradually improving, supported by ongoing investments in power, steel, 
cement and a visible pickup in the sugar segment. With this improving visibility, the gear 
division is well positioned to return to a stronger growth trajectory. To conclude the division's 
performance, I now hand over the call to Mr. Kaushik Patel, head of the MHE division. 
Kaushik Patel: 
Thank you, Dipak ji. The MHE division continued its strong growth momentum, delivering 16% 
year-on-year revenue growth during the quarter. This performance was driven by robust demand 
from the power, cement, mining and port sector, along with steady execution. 
 
We remain confident that the MHE business will continue to perform well in Q4, FY26 and 
beyond, supported by a healthy order book, a strong project pipeline and deep customer 
engagement. With this, I now hand over the call back to Mr. Narasimhan to provide further 
overview on Elecon's financial performance. 
Narasimhan R.: 
Thank you. I will now be walking you through the in-depth financial performance for Q3 and 
nine months FY26. Financial performance Q3 FY26. We are pleased to report a resilient and 
encouraging performance in Q3, FY26, despite certain short-term challenges. 
 
For the quarter ended December 2025, our consolidated revenue from operations stood at 
INR552 crores compared to INR529 crores in Q3, FY25, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 
4.3%. The gear business reported a largely flat performance during the quarter, primarily 
impacted by timing-related delays in order receipt and execution, as well as customer-driven 
dispatch deferments. 
 
However, the underlying demand environment remains healthy. We witnessed robust order 
inflows across both domestic and international markets, supported by sustained enquiry levels 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
which gives us confidence in future order inflows. The domestic market contributed 76% of the 
consolidated revenue, while overseas markets accounted for the remaining 24%. 
 
The consolidated order intake during Q3, FY26 stood at INR701 crores, representing a 7% year-
on-year growth. The order inflow, combined with a healthy enquiry pipeline, keeps us optimistic 
about growth prospects going forward. 
Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was INR109 crores compared to INR143 crores in Q3 FY 
'25, translating into an EBITDA margin of 19.8 percentage. Margins were temporarily impacted 
due to flat revenue performance, higher employee cost and a change in product mix.  
We expect margins to normalize as volumes pick up. Operating leverage plays out and the order 
book converts more rapidly into revenue. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR72 crores, 
representing a PAT margin of 13 percentage.  
Performance for 9 months ended December 2025. For the 9 months ended December 2025, after 
adjusting for the one-time arbitration of income of INR25 crores recognized in Q1 FY '26 in the 
MHE division, adjusted consolidated revenue stood at INR1,595 crores compared to INR1,429 
crores in 9 months FY '25.  
Adjusted EBITDA for the period was INR340 crores with an EBITDA margin of 21.3%. In 
addition to the INR25 crores recognized in revenue in Q1 FY '26, an additional INR10 crores 
was recorded under other income as part of arbitration settlement. Furthermore, INR80 crores 
was recognized as exceptional income below PBT, representing unrealized mark-to-market 
gains from investment reclassification. As a result, profit after tax for 9 months FY '26, including 
these one-time items stood at INR335 crores. 
Segment-wise performance, Gear division. The Gear division contributed 78 percentage of total 
revenue in Q3 FY '26. Revenue for the quarter stood at INR429 crores compared to INR423 
crores in Q3 FY '25, reflecting a flat year-on-year performance due to the aforementioned 
reasons.  
We expect a faster execution of orders to convert into revenue in Q4, which should support 
improved performance going forward. EBIT for the Gear division stood at INR78 crores in Q3 
FY '26 compared to INR118 crores in Q3 FY '25. The EBIT margin declined to 18.2 percentage 
compared to 27.8 percentage in the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher employee cost 
and product mix.  
As revenues scale up, we are confident that margins will recover with operating leverage coming 
into play. Order intake for the quarter was INR464 crores, and the open order book stood at 
INR811 crores as of 31st December 2025, providing strong revenue visibility for the coming 
quarters. 
Material Handling Equipment division. The MHE division continued its strong growth 
momentum during Q3 FY '26. Quarterly revenue stood at INR123 crores compared to INR105 
crores in Q3 FY '25, registering a 16 percentage year-on-year growth. Growth was driven by 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
strong demand in the product supply and aftermarket segments, particularly from the power, 
cement, fertilizer and port sectors.  
EBIT for the division stood at INR25 crores compared to INR33 crores in Q3 FY '25. EBIT 
margins during the quarter were impacted by product mix. Order intake during the quarter was 
INR237 crores compared to INR185 crores in Q3 FY '25. The open order book stood at INR561 
crores as of 31st December 2025, reflecting strong growth prospects ahead. 
While there have been short-term execution delays in the Gear business, the fundamentals of 
both the divisions remains strong. The temporary mismatch between order intake and execution 
has impacted near-term revenue recognition. However, our solid order book and execution 
pipeline provides clear visibility for growth in the coming quarters.  
On the balance sheet front, we continue to maintain a robust financial position with a strong net 
cash balance of approximately INR600 crores, providing significant flexibility to growth 
opportunities, execute our capex plans and navigate macroeconomic uncertainties.  
Our capex outlay for FY '26 to 2028 is estimated at INR400 crores aligned with our long-term 
strategic priorities.  
Though our financial 9 months performance remains strong and demonstrate the underlying 
strength of the business, given the near-term softness, we believe it is prudent to revise our 
outlook for FY '26.  
On a consolidated basis, FY '26 revenue may be lower by up to approximately 5 percentage and 
adjusted EBITDA margins may be lower by up to approximately 2 percentage compared to our 
earlier guidance. That said, we remain confident about an improvement beyond the near term, 
supported by a healthy order book, a robust inquiry pipeline and improving execution 
momentum. 
With that, I would now like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take 
the first question from the line of Sanjay Ladha from Bastion Research. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question would be, sir, we have seen order intake 
was the slowest in the last eight quarters. How are you seeing this and what's your view going 
forward? 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
Hello. Can you hear me?  
Sanjay Ladha: 
Yes. 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
See, now in near future, means coming quarters, there is a good expecting business in the power 
sector. There is a substantial capacity increase going on in this segment. So we are hoping good 
orders from the power sector, then even steel sectors are also now growing and overall trend for 
the steel sector is also showing in the growth. So we are also hoping good orders from the steel 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
segment. And as the sugarcane growth is very well in the last quarter, so we are also hoping the 
good business in the sugar sector, sugar industry also. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Sir, can you throw some light on the inquiry which you are talking about? So, what I want to 
understand is when you say we have a good inquiry, then we have a good bid pipeline. So, can 
you throw some light on how much is the bid pipeline we have and how much is going to convert 
it into the order book so that we get to know that how much percentage it is going to accrue on 
you? 
 
Because from the last three, four quarters, we are mentioning that, but the order intake and the 
order flow has been quite a lower side on that front. I understand the business dynamics, but just 
wanted to have your views on that. 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
See, whatever orders we actually now the power investment has started and they have releasing 
the order. So, we also received very good orders from the L&T, MHI, and QLR and all. So, we 
are getting the orders from the power industry, but at the later stage, they want their 
requirements. So, that's why it is to be executed in the next financial year. 
 
And also, there are many inquiries floating from the power industries and they are in pipeline 
and we are hoping all inquiries to be converted into the orders. So, we have a very, full 
confidence for achieving the good inquiries and whatever in the pipeline, it will be converted 
into orders, which will be useful in the next coming quarters. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
So, my another question, we are seeing comparatively better demand for the domestic market 
for quite some time, while when we communicate to the, in our investor presentation, we say 
that export revenue should be over 50% going forward by FY ‘30. So, how do you see this 
divergence? Because how do you see export market will pick up? What is the growth strategy 
for export? Any inorganic acquisition we are evaluating on that space? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes. At the moment, we are not looking at any inorganic acquisitions. At the same time, how 
we look at the export business as such, we have explained in many investors conference call 
earlier, that we are putting a lot of efforts, lot of activities has been ongoing for past three, four 
years. 
 
We also lined, we also backed, lined up OEMs and we have met the guide revenue targets of 
what we were looking for. And these are the OEMs, you are aware that they are going to give 
us a sustained business in forthcoming years. So, overall the long term export growth or 
prospects what we are looking at and considering how we are at present the market share is and 
there is a huge potential. So, all those aspects and internal what are the efforts which we are 
doing, all are in place. 
 
At the same time, we are aware that certain geopolitical situations and certain regions, economic 
growth and other things, those are all the external factors which is presently impacting us. 
Having said that, for the efforts, all the activities which we have been doing for four to five years 
now and all the orders which were executed and how the customers are looking at presently 
based on the experiences which they had with us for three, four years, we are confident that in 
coming years, we will be able to reach our milestone of 50% revenue coming from the exports. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Sir, can you also throw some growth guidance? I am not talking about a year perspective from 
that point of view. I am talking about the longer three-year timeframe, what the growth we are 
targeting. So, last time we say that it is 20% growth guidance. We have lowered down. That is 
okay. That is the business part of that. But if I see three-year timeframe, what are the growth 
prospects we are looking for? 
Narasimhan R.: 
It is around 20% to 25% what we are looking at as the guidance. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Thank you. Will get back in later. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Serene Alpha. 
Please go ahead. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Hi. Good evening, sir, and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, in continuation to the earlier 
participant only, over the last one and a half year or two years, we are continuously seeking or 
putting some emphasis on the export side. While we also received a few orders that were 
announced earlier, these have not been yet translated into materials in the larger volumes.  
So, as a result, if we benchmark export against FY ‘23 pace, the business has delivered only a 
marginal annual growth of around 4% to 5% despite a consistent effort and focus that we are 
putting into. But at the same time, if we look at the domestic market, India appears to be in a 
strong capex cycle, particularly across the sectors that we serve to. 
 
We have not heard from management a clear articulation around the incremental market share 
gains in India and maybe targeting at 25-30% kind of growth, at least in the domestic market, 
while exports are muted. Even in the Indian market, we are currently growing at 15%-20% kind 
of number. So, I agree that the margins can be a thing you as a management try to protect. But 
anyway, if we look at last two quarters, margins have also started falling. 
 
So, I just wanted to understand from you, why we are not aggressive on the domestic side? And 
number two, despite the cautious take that we are taking on the domestic market, why are we 
facing a fall in the margins? Is it because even within the existing market share that we are 
speaking about continuously around 40%, we have started facing the competitive pressure? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, Yes, I'll address it. So, while we continue to focus on our export market, we have been very 
strong in the domestic market. As you know that nearly 40% of the organized market share is 
what we hold. That still continues. We continue to be the leadership leading the market in the 
Indian scenario. And we are taking all the efforts to, while we may not go for aggressive market 
increase from now on, which comes with an additional competitive scenario and compromising 
on the margins, etcetera. 
At the same time, we continuously look at how we could enhance the product, upgrade our 
products, reduce our cost, all those aspects and how to retain the current market like you see that 
whatever the incremental business segments like power sector and things like that which is 
happening, we are able to continuously improve our revenue on account of that. So, therefore, 
our domestic approach continues to remain robust. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
We got a separate team who are continuously bagging those orders and approaching the market. 
So, all those efforts are also always there. And in terms of margins, we see more that it is a 
scenario which is playing out due to the lower turnover in the first three quarters. 
Once we see in the fourth quarter, while of course, a turnover from a point of view as what we 
have given the guidance, there has been a little bit of a lower outlook in the current year. In terms 
of margins, overall margins as how we see, it gets normalized when we approach the Q4. So, we 
remain on the same, more or less the same. 
 
Of course, considering the market in the current year, our marketing team generally uses its 
flexibility to increase and decrease the price at which we sell the products. At the same time, 
overall, our approach towards margins remains the same in the domestic market. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
So, now you are saying going ahead also, we will be focusing on maintaining the market share 
instead of focusing on increasing the market share in the domestic market. Is that understanding 
correct? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, your understanding is correct. We would reasonably try to increase the market share. But 
if it comes within a very aggressive competitive scenario, then we would like to look at 
maintaining the margins. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
But in that case, how will we be able to grow? 
Moderator: 
I would request you to join the… 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
No, no. It's just a follow-up. It's just a follow-up, actually. 
Moderator: 
All right. Please go ahead. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
So, in this particular case, I'm not understanding. At the same time, we are speaking about 20% 
to 25% growth, right? And we are aware geopolitical tensions are there. So, export is a bit on 
toast right now for us. So, if we are not looking to grow in Indian market, maybe at more than 
25%, how will we be able to achieve that guided numbers? So, that I'm not able to understand. 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes. See, the growth, the export growth, what we had indicated to be around 20% to 25% is how 
we see it. At the same time, we will have to factor in the geopolitical situations which are beyond 
our control. 
 
At the same time, our efforts definitely would be there to reach our milestones subject to these 
geopolitical considerations. At the same time, our approach towards export market in terms of 
adding new clients, identifying growth opportunities in different markets, approaching different 
markets with different approaches, connecting with the OEMs, consultants, and distributors in 
different regions. 
 
All those efforts and expanding our network of branches and wherever required, if there is an 
assembly centers sort of thing we'll have to establish, we are keenly looking at. So, therefore, all 
the efforts are on to improve that, to reach that milestone of export projections. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sunil Manikant Kothari from Unique 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Manikant Kothari: 
All right. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My question is to Kaushik Bhai. Basically, looking at 
the power sector opportunity, which seems to be materializing thermal power mainly. So, just 
wanted to understand your thoughts for the next two, three years. How you see energy divisions, 
the opportunity, how prepared we are? 
 
Because I think for some years we were not investing much in MHE division. So, in terms of 
team, technical capability, our investment in machines, little bit detailed thought process on 
MHEs preparedness to capture the growth and possibility of growth will be very helpful? 
Kaushik Patel: 
First of all, I will give you the updates on the market. Yes, presently, as you mentioned, there is 
a good opportunity for us as MHE to grow and to cater the business in the power sector because 
there are many projects that have already been announced by the various end users like NTPC 
and other state government bodies. So, I think few orders has been finalized and out of it we got 
the good business in current year. 
 
So, in couple of years, yes, there is a good visibility for us to grow further. And apart from the 
power, of course, other sector also helping us to grow because most of the end user has already 
announced their capex investment and of course, some capital investment also there to upgrade 
their existing equipment. So, we are hoping good growth in next 2-3 years. 
Sunil Manikant Kothari: 
Regarding our preparedness, how much? 
Kaushik Patel: 
Now, coming to our capability, we have been in this business for more than 75 years. We have 
our own manufacturing setup over here. We have a design, dedicated design team for our 
equipment. 
 
In fact, we have upgraded our equipment considering the present market requirement and 
customer needs. And as far as manufacturing is concerned, if you see our most of the products 
require the fabrication activity. Although we have our internal setup for the fabrication, but for 
fabrication, we have been now outsourcing to get the things done. 
 
Only to get it machining, we have an internal process. And apart from the upgrading our existing 
machines, we have a capex plan near to INR35 crores to INR40 crores. And out of it few 
machines, we are expecting to get it in next quarter. Next quarter means Q1 of next financial 
year. So, we are also investing in our machinery as well as the expanding our capacity to meet 
the near future opportunity or grab the opportunity to that. 
Sunil Manikant Kothari: 
Yes. My, second question is on the competition. I mean, compared to say previous cycle for 
2000-2007, how do you see the competition, competitor, pricing and what, I mean, ability we 
have added in terms of maybe product or are we again planning or thinking about entering some 
maybe EPC or something? What's your thought process for future growth? 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Kaushik Patel: 
Okay, let me make it clear. We have adopted the strategy that we should focus on equipment 
supply and providing the after-sales service and that we continue over the next 2 years. Means, 
we don't have a thought to enter into EPC business. 
 
But looking to the present market needs, I think for us, we have ample opportunity to put our 
equipment in the new projects which is being announced by the end user. Reason is only that 
many end users have changed their strategy for quoting the tender and those strategies are 
favourable to MHE, in fact, favourable to Elecon to supply the equipment in the market or for 
particular projects. 
 
As far as the competitor is concerned, you must be aware about the market scenario that few 
players like Mcnally  Engineering and TRF, Mcnally has become bankrupt. TRF has already 
announced to shut down their material handling operations. So, only few competitors are there 
like L&T and TKL. 
 
But again, if you see the business strategy of L&T and TKL, they are more focusing on the EPC 
projects. Of course, we have a competition with them but not to the extent that every sector. And 
Elecon being the first equipment manufacturer for material handling equipment, most of the 
PSUs preference is with Elecon. 
Sunil Manikant Kothari: 
Okay. Thank you and my good wishes to Mr. Narasimhan for future career and thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Gaurav Nigam from Tunga Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Nigam: 
Yes, sir. Sir, I have one question on the gear division. What was the mix of engineered gears in 
this quarter's revenue and on the gears specifically, you mentioned about the revenue deferral 
which happened. So, would you be able to quantify how much was this revenue deferral that 
you are talking about? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, just a minute. In terms of revenue deferral, it is around INR30 crores to INR40 crores where 
some of the dispatches, what is where we try to squeeze before December, that is getting 
extended to January or February. 
Management: 
So, the revenue mix in the EP and CP, so the CP is 52% this quarter and the remaining is 48% 
EP for this quarter. 
Gaurav Nigam: 
Understood, sir. So, that was question number one. Just a quick on the second question on the 
export side, I mean we had indicated our OEM count that we had acquired, had tied up. Can you 
update on that business, what is their status and how much business did we do with them in this 
quarter or in 9 months, whatever you are comfortable with? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, it is around 18 OEMs where we are tied up with. Having tied up with the 18 OEMs, the 
revenue what we got during this nine months is around INR31 crores and what we look forward 
in future is that repetitive business which could come in future. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Gaurav Nigam: 
Got it, sir. This is great, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Raj Shah from ENAM AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Raj Shah: 
Okay, sir. My first question is regarding the gross margins. So, if you see the gross margins of 
43% that we reported in this quarter is lowest in last 5 years. I know you cited some reasons 
relating to customer deferments and product mix, but can you throw some light on exactly where 
big customers visit international or domestic and product mix changes. As you mentioned, 
engineered products in the CP business were 52%. I am trying to understand why the 600-700 
bps fall in gross margins according to this quarter? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, the gross margin, see the product mix is around 52% from catalogue products and 48% 
from engineered products. The gross margin largely while in certain things like, for example, 
exports during this quarter were a little bit low where the margins are better off. Then the product 
mix sometimes keeps fluctuating between catalogue products and engineered products. 
 
So, that is also one of the sort of I would say that it is more of a timing thing. And specifically, 
we are also few specific orders which we are executing presently. This is for sort of indigenously 
developed product for the Indian Navy, though it is of a smaller order value. 
 
Since it is being done for the first time by us, it has got higher sort of manufacturing cost, which 
is more towards the learning and understanding and designing and things like that. So, that is 
also again from a one time point of view. At the same time, overall, there is no significant gross 
margin in the long term, it is impacting us. 
 
Only thing is that probably 0.5% or 1% is what we had explained. Considering the competitive 
scenario, our marketing team, how we have viewed, how our approach towards it, we look at the 
pricing of the products and accordingly factor those things. But otherwise, gross margin per se 
in gear division as well as of course, MHE division is strong. In the gear division, the overall 
gross margin levels remain the same except for during this year, it has been on the lowest side. 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. So just to follow up with that, you said 1% you attribute towards competitive scenarios. 
Now, the amount that you told regarding the Indian Navy order, if you can attribute some 
percentage to that and whether this will be beneficial for us in the future orders of Indian Navy? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, it is around 0.5 percentage. Definitely that is a thought process that by bagging those orders 
which is of a significant for us. In the first time when we execute, we are this thing, but once we 
establish our credentials, then there is a potential that such orders could come in the future. And 
whatever the learning costs which we incur in the first year, obviously, we will not be incurring 
it for a similar product in future years. And we are eager to bag those orders and while in the 
initial years it could be a little bit on the lower side on the margins. Definitely, there is a huge 
prospects for such orders. 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. Sir, any update on… 
Moderator: 
Raj, I would request you to rejoin the queue for follow-up questions. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Raj Shah: 
Sir that was a follow up question. This is the second question that I am asking. 
Moderator: 
Okay, please go ahead. 
Raj Shah: 
Sir, any update on the INR200 crores aircraft carrier order that was expected in Q4 and next 
generation missile vessel orders in defence? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, one is that it is getting a bit longer time. So, probably Mr. Dipak Dalwadi, you can explain. 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
Yes, that new generation Corvette, that is we are expecting the GSL and GRSE are expecting 
the orders anytime and we are expecting RFP by the Q3 of next financial year. 
Raj Shah: 
And aircraft carrier orders sir? 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
Yes and regarding this indigenous aircraft carrier that follow-up project is expected to be given 
to the shipyards in coming future and for that we can get the RFP in the Q1 of financial year 27. 
Raj Shah: 
Okay, sir. This is not a question, but if you can just be more detailed in guidance regarding the 
segment wise guidance. Last quarter it was INR650 crores in MHE, INR2,000 crores in Gear. 
Similar breakup if you can give, that would be great? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, it is broadly around INR700 crores from MHE and the balance is towards the Gear division. 
Raj Shah: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine 
Investment Management Private Limited, Please go ahead. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Sir, two questions. One is on the margins front, I think you have discussed that. But if you 
remove the Indian Navy margins, how much would the margins for the gear division come back 
to? 
Management: 
Sorry, can you repeat again? 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Sir, if you remove the exceptional lower margins in the Indian Navy, how much would the 
margins come back to on the gear side? 
Narasimhan R.: 
You are looking at gross margin or net margin? 
Niraj Mansingka: 
EBIT margin? 
Narasimhan R.: 
EBIT margin if you remove that? 
Niraj Mansingka: 
If you remove the lower margins of the Indian Navy, how much would the adjusted margins for 
the gear division be? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, so specifically probably we will come back to you and clarify to you specifically. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Sir it would be useful if you discuss here because how will the public know because public forum 
or you can just tell us some broad range because the margins fall has been quite large in the last 
five quarters in the company. So that is the reason I was asking you? 
Narasimhan R.: 
It is around 2 percentage to 3 percentage. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. The other question is in the last few quarters odd orders for the order intake has been good 
in the gear division. But the revenue reported for the gear has not increased. So our cumulative 
order book from March is increased from INR583 crores to INR811 crores. But our run rate of 
gear revenue has slowed down. What might be the reason and can we also correlate that the 
margin will be lower in the existing orders because there is as you said employee cost and other 
cost increase or those have been taken care of? 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
See, for the answer to your first question, whatever orders we have booked in Q3, they are major 
for the power industries and their requirement are at the later stage. So all these orders will be 
executed in the next financial year. So that's why the order books are showing high, but the order 
executions, they have been deferred by the customers in the next financial year. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
I got it. Any timeline you have a thought on when it will start, those revenues because the run 
rates have gone down quite low actually? 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
From Q1 itself. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Q1 itself. Okay. And so last question on the US tariff, on the export, how are you managing it 
like would not you be impacted if the tariff status quo maintains? 
Narasimhan R.: 
You're asking of the tariff and impact to us? 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Yes, sir. 
Narasimhan R.: 
Broadly, you know that as the US economy per se is not growing well. At the same time, while 
we are looking at more growth opportunities, the present revenue is not that much impacted. We 
are able to manage that due to the tariff implications. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. Sir, and the question you did not… 
Moderator: 
Niraj, I would request you to please join back the queue. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
The question was not answered. Just one second. Sir, the question was that, the orders that you 
have in hand, do they have higher margins or do they have lower margins? The orders of INR811 
crores on the Gear site? 
Narasimhan R.:  
We'll work out that and clarify a little later point of time. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. Sir, I hope I'm audible. 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, the small point is about our existing order book. The closing order book is at 
INR1,372 crores. So if you could just give us some color, what is the execution cycle? I think 
so you mentioned about some power companies order, which is there in the order book, but they 
will get executed for Q1. 
And then, sir, you have also spoken about some product mix and absorption of cost because of 
the increased employee costs and others. So, if you could just give us some color, as the other 
participants have asked, how is the margin profile likely to be on the existing order book? 
 
And lastly, sir, on the utilization level, since we have already done capex and we are also 
emphasizing further addition, what is our current capacity utilization levels for both the 
divisions? 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
See, for the answer to your first question, actually, mostly orders are for EP divisions. So their 
execution cycle is around 5 to 6 months. So all orders will be executed mostly in the next 
financial year and starting from the quarter 4. So few orders will be executed in quarter 4 and 
maximum orders in next financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rohan from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, sir, my question was broadly on the impact of 
increasing commodity price -- metal prices. So how does that impact our existing order book in 
terms of margins going forward? Thank you. 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
See, as such, because of this demand situation in the existing markets, the price trends are more 
or less stagnant. So there is no such increment in the commodity markets. And because of that, 
our raw metal prices are almost stagnant. So there is no much impact because of the raw metal 
prices for getting the orders from the market. 
Rohan: 
Sure, sir. But for our existing order book, you know, some of the metal we'll purchase right in 
future and at a higher price. So will we be able to pass this on to our customers? 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
I don't think in the near future also there will be a price increase in the market for the metals and 
all the major commodity items. We don't see any increase because normally we look forward 
for the 6 months onward for the raw material prices for the booking the orders as well as the 
study of the market. 
And that we find that there are no, it doesn't seem any increase or, I mean, major change in the 
raw material prices of the major category items of the, this commodity materials. 
Rohan: 
No, no, absolutely, sir. So I am talking about the increase in commodity price that already 
happened. The metal prices that have gone up in the last 1, 2 months, I'm talking about that, sir. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Management: 
Yes, if you see... 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
But we are also managing and having a good relationship with our suppliers. So we are managing 
the prices. 
Rohan: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Aman Soni from Nvest Analytics 
Advisory. Please go ahead. Aman, please unmute your line and proceed with your question. 
Aman Soni: 
Hello, am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Aman Soni: 
Sir, just a clarification on the guidance part. You mentioned most of the order book in the Gear 
segment will be getting executed next year, right? But at the same time, we are targeting 
INR1,800 crores in gear for this year. 
 
If that number, we need to do around INR575 crores in last quarter, right? So out of the existing 
order book of INR800 crores, if we have to execute INR575 crores, that means we have to 
execute a significant portion in Q4 itself, isn't it? 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
Yes. So we have lined up because now we are having good orders on hand. So we have lined up 
all our manufacturing activities and we are confident that we will achieve all the numbers what 
we have guided. 
Aman Soni: 
No, no. Actually, I'm asking, while you are saying out of the existing gear order book, significant 
portion will be executed next year, right? Then how we will be managing like INR575 crores of 
execution in Gear division in Q4? 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
See, we -- what I talked about that was for the engineering product. But for the catalogue 
products, we are having less manufacturing cycles of say 1 month or 30 days or 60 days. So for 
that, we are getting the orders and we will execute orders. And there is a very good orders in 
pipeline. So we will definitely execute these orders in the shorter lead time. 
Aman Soni: 
So does that mean in Q4 also, we will be particularly executing more of catalogue products and 
that's why margins can be on lower side, because production is not getting things then? 
Management: 
No, no, no. It is not like that. The CP orders which we are getting, we are executing in the same 
quarter. The EP product orders we get in September month in Q2, it will be delivered somehow 
in Q4. 
And some orders we received in Q3 for the EP product, it will be delivered in Q4 only. So the 
mix of the CP and EP would be similar in Q4. But the EP products which we got in the December 
month only, that would be spillover in Q1 next year. 
Aman Soni: 
 
And sir, in the last two quarters...  

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Aman, I would request you to join back the queue for follow-up questions. 
Aman Soni: 
Just a follow-up on the -- on this question on the margins part.  Means in last two quarters, we 
have been speaking again and again about like product mix is getting impacted, product mix is 
getting impacted. So I just wanted to understand like when this picture will get cleared, like if 
that is going to be the case, like if we are facing any delay in execution of our engineering 
products, then our total margin profile is going to be suffered, right? 
Management: 
Yes, this is the one case. The other case is that if you see the product and the service mix, so that 
also includes in the margins. So this quarter, that is another one case, the service portion from 
the revenue that also impacted the margins. 
 
But we have the good order in the service business also. So that will be executed in Q4. So that 
is not the case, Q3 the margins are lower. In the Q4, the EP products, CP products and the 
service, that will be mix of all the things. So margins, it will not like that, it happened in Q3. 
Have you got it? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Senthil Kumar from Joindre Capital 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. Senthil, please unmute your line and proceed with your 
question. Since there is no response, we will move on to the next question, which is from the 
line of Sani Vishe from Axis Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sani Vishe: 
Yes, so this is kind of a follow up on the earlier question - the question from the earlier 
participant. So at the end of Q2 also, we had a very strong order book and we were very confident 
about achieving good revenues in Q3 and Q4. But as it went, there were some external factors 
which were beyond our control and we could not achieve it in the Q3. 
Now again, we have a good order book and we are expressing confidence and very good 
performance in the Q4. So what is the change? What gives us the confidence that this time it 
will happen? And are there any similar risks that we will not be able to achieve this guidance? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, see, what happened is like what Mr. Ashish also said. For catalogue products, whenever 
we project, we factor in that from the time we enquiry to the execution, it takes about one month 
or so. So based on that, we considering the market scenario, we get the understanding of how 
the market is performing and accordingly factor that. 
And more since for the engineered products, there is more clarity, we are able to provide better 
clarity on that aspect. So therefore, depending upon how for that quarter it is fluctuating, we 
factor both the order on hand, how it will be executed plus the order intake, what we will be 
getting for catalogue products which will be delivered in the quarter. So this sort of mix and 
match fluctuates and that is what will be factoring in when it comes for revenue. 
Sani Vishe: 
Okay. So simply say the confidence levels of achieving this guidance is higher compared to the 
earlier quarter. Is that right? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes. The guidance, whatever we have spelled out with the revision, you would know what we 
have spelled out. That is achievable definitely. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Sani Vishe: 
Okay sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ashwini Sharma from Emkay Global 
Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ashwini Sharma: 
Yes, my questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Juhi from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. Juhi, please unmute your line and proceed with your question. Since 
there is no response, we will move on to the next question which is from the line of Manish 
Gupta from Equinox Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Manish Gupta: 
Sir, with the US trade deal being debated again and again and there is rather no clarity when it 
will be signed, what are the geographies where you are more optimistic about growth? 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
Yes. We are more expecting the Middle East and the Europe.  
Manish Gupta: 
Okay, and since China is also facing tariffs from US, they would be competing hard in these 
geographies as well. So, how is our competitiveness compared to China in these markets? 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
See, you may be knowing that China, though they are competing, but they are not very good in 
the after-sales service. So, that's why we are not facing any competition from China in terms of 
the order executions and getting the traction from the Europe and the Middle East, because in 
the after-sales service, we are having an upper edge compared to China. 
Manish Gupta: 
And the second question would be, sir, you moderated financial year 2026 guidance. So, beyond 
financial year 2026, what would be your guidance in terms of top line as well as how would you 
expect the margins to behave in the period after financial year 2026? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes. Probably, in the current quarter, we will have to do the budgeting exercise wherein we get 
the inputs from both the divisions and the different markets. And then we will be able to spell 
out how we look at it in the next year. 
Management: 
Generally, we do, we give our guidance in Q4 con call. So, we will maintain the same and we 
will spell out the next year guidance in Q4 con call. Thank you. 
Manish Gupta: 
All right, sir, considering that private capex is just not taking off and geopolitics is kind of very, 
very volatile as far as export markets are concerned. So, do you feel there is a downwardness to 
growth in coming years for you or you expect things to normalize sooner rather than later? 
Dipak Dalwadi: 
See, power industry has started now performing and they have now released, I mean, 
investments. Government is releasing investment in power. So, we are hoping good traction 
from the power industries. And even sugar industries are also expecting to pick up in coming 
months. So, we are expecting good traction from the sugar industries and also from the steel 
industries. And cement also started now showing some expansion. So, we are expecting good 
traction from all these segments. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
January 09, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Narasimhan R.: 
Since we are also spread out fairly well in different industries across this thing, any uptick and 
downtick on a few industries, we are able to manage that. And that is how we are optimistic that 
the growth will be better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question and conclude the question 
and answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. 
Narasimhan R.: 
In closing, I would like to thank all of you for joining us today and for your continued trust and 
support. While the Gear division delivered a resilient performance during the quarter, we are 
particularly encouraged by the strong momentum and long-term potential of the MHE division, 
which brings balance and incremental growth to our overall business. Even as we revise our 
near-term guidance, our focus remains firmly on disciplined execution, prudent capital 
allocation and strengthening our leadership in high growth segments. 
We are confident in our ability to build on the current momentum, navigate short-term challenges 
and continue delivering sustainable value for our shareholders and all stakeholders. Thank you 
once again for your participation. Should you have any further questions, please feel free to 
reach out. Have a great evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities India Private Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
