 
Akzo Nobel India Limited 
Magnum Tower, 9th Floor                                            T +91 124 485 2400 
Golf Course Extension Road, Sector- 58                    www.akzonobel.co.in 
Gurugram – 122 011, Haryana, India                          
 
Registered office: 801A, South City Business Park, 770, Anandapur, E M Bypass, Near Fortis Hospital, Kolkata – 700 107 
CIN: L24292WB1954PLC021516 
12th November 2025 
 
 
 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
1st floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001  
Scrip Code: 500710 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: AKZOINDIA 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Group Investor Call Transcript  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the 
group investor call conducted on 7th November 2025 with regard to the financial results of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended 30th Sept 2025.  
 
This has been uploaded on the Company website also and can be accessed through the link: 
https://akzonobel.co.in/investors.php#im 
 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours truly, 
for Akzo Nobel India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rajiv L Jha 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F5948 
 
Encl: as above.  
RAJIV 
LOCHAN 
JHA
Digitally signed 
by RAJIV 
LOCHAN JHA 
Date: 2025.11.12 
15:44:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“AkzoNobel India Limited 
Q2 & FY '26 Earnings Webinar Call” 
November 07, 2025 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV RAJGOPAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – AKZONOBEL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. KRISHNA R. – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – AKZONOBEL INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT TOTLA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
AKZONOBEL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. RAJIV JHA – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – AKZONOBEL INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and FY '26 Earnings Webinar of 
AkzoNobel India Limited hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes. Thanks, Yashasri. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q2 FY '26 Results 
Webinar of AkzoNobel India Limited. We have with us today senior management represented 
by Mr. Rajiv Rajgopal, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Krishna R., CFO and Whole-
Time Director; Mr. Rohit Totla, Whole Time Director; and Mr. Rajiv Jha, Company Secretary 
and Compliance Officer. 
 
Now I hand over the call to the management for their initial comments on the quarterly 
performance, and then we will open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thanks, and over 
to you, Rajiv, sir. 
Rajiv Jha: 
Okay. So good afternoon, everyone, and we welcome you all to this Q2 financial year '25-'26 
investor call. As per our process, let me start with a safe harbor statement, and I'm  reading that 
out to you. 
 
This presentation contains statements which address such key issues as AkzoNobel’s growth 
strategy, future financial results, market positions, product development, products in the pipeline 
and product approvals apart from potential synergies from partnering with JSW Paints. Such 
statements should be carefully considered, and it should be understood that many factors could 
cause these forecasts and actual results or outcomes to differ from these statements. 
 
These factors include, but are not limited to, price fluctuations, currency fluctuations, 
developments in raw material and personnel costs, pensions, physical and environmental risks, 
legal issues and legislative, fiscal and other regulatory measures and approvals as well as 
significant market disruptions. 
 
Stated competitive positions are based on management estimates supported by information 
provided by specialized external agencies. For a more comprehensive discussion of the risk 
factors affecting our business, please see our latest annual report of '24-'25. 
 
Also, the company has been releasing the required disclosure or clarification/ updates from time 
to time as the case may be to BSE and NSE pertaining to portfolio review by AkzoNobel NV 
and the latest updates thereon. 
 
And the management would not be responding to any general and/or specific query in this 
regard. However, the investors/public at large would be kept informed of any updates in this 
regard as per the listing regulations. 
 
So, I would be handing the floor over to Rajiv, sir. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Good afternoon. I hope all of you can hear me. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Thank you. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So firstly, good afternoon to all of you and delighted to be back. I think one of the things we've 
always done over the last many years is to make sure that we stand in front of you irrespective 
of the performance of the company and give you all an update of your company. Firstly, in the 
quarter that's gone by, I realize that it's not easy. 
 
We had a Board meeting yesterday. Like we had explained our Board members, when you look 
at the P&L that one needs to understand certain intricacies. Otherwise, wrong deductions will 
be taken, particularly with the carve-out of the businesses and also because of a onetime gain. 
 
So, what we'll do is we'll spend some time there, and Krishna will walk you through it, the 
numbers, etc. We've already loaded the presentation on to the website. And for those of you who 
want, you could go through it. What I will do quickly is to run you through the business, and I'm 
joined by Krishna and Rohit along with Rajiv Jha. 
 
And when we come to Q&A, the 3 of us, Krishna, me, and Rohit will participate. But I'll give 
you a high level of how the performance has been, what are we looking at and where are we 
right now? 
 
So firstly, I think what the strong news of the quarter, volume has come back on growth as an 
entity. So, if you really combine both on the Decorative side and on the Coating side, Industrial 
side, we've registered a 3% volume growth. So that's the first good news. 
 
And in this, the even better news is if you look at, we've not really grown in categories like putty 
and all that. We've just played, and we are just about slightly below the base because we decided 
that in this quarter, we had a lot of other challenges. 
 
We didn't want to accentuate that because those are businesses where if you get just play the 
price, you will get the volumes and the revenue and that we want to do really reset up. So that's 
the first thing. So, the first thing is volume growth across both the businesses, even in Decorative 
volume growth with challenges in some of the low-margin products. 
 
The second is premium in Decorative Paints grew. It grew closer to mid-single digit. I think 
that's the great part, yes. And even in Automotive and Specialty Coatings in our Industrial 
business, we've registered a premium growth. That is the second, not just a good, it's a great 
news. 
 
For us, we believe that in our, both in our towns, in large cities, premium is back, and that's the 
power of the brands like Velvet Touch, Weathershield and brands like Sikkens and Lesonal. So 
really, that's the great opening news. 
 
Next, Decorative, where were we challenged? We were challenged for 2, 3 reasons, All our peers 
who've sort of looked at the numbers so far have talked about including weather disruptions and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
competitive intensity. But an area where we have decided to reexamine given the journey that 
we are going to get ahead is the mass market. 
 
And in that journey, we obviously did not do well. There was a decline. As a result, the 
Decorative paints, while grew marginally, right, the overall revenue was a 1.5% overall entity 
decline, right? 
 
On Coatings, we had registered both a volume and a revenue growth, but the issue was the mix. 
Our Industrial Coatings grew much faster, followed by Marine and Protective, and we had a bit 
of a challenge in our Automotive and Specialty Coatings, which is a high-margin business. 
 
And in Marine and Protective, it was largely because in Marine, we had a huge base last year. 
Remember that we quoted some of the best Indian vessels, which are now in the sea, 3 of them, 
and that was a onetime order that came. 
 
Our order book is very strong. Our order book is phenomenal actually for the next few months. 
So, it's a delay and with a bit of a lag effect, and we should see that between this quarter and 
more in the quarter ahead, we should see a complete recovery and back to a high single-digit, 
double-digit growth that we've been seeing. So that's as far as the performance is concerned. 
 
Now if you break our numbers into volume, price and mix, volume has gone up. So where did 
we have an issue? We had a higher issue on price and why? We chose that journey because as 
all of you know, we are now going to be a part of the JSW Group in a few weeks' time. And the 
brief from Mr. Parth Jindal has been very clear to us as a team, the guys go, let's get after revenue 
and get back to high growth and get back to market share gain. 
 
And so our endeavor starting from September has been to look at very, using the, a lot of 
scientific analysis to say that, look, where are we significant premium. So, we are in certain 
premium categories and in certain categories. We were operating at premium of 7% to 9%. 
 
And one of the things is we used a conjoint analysis done through a third-party expert to reaffirm 
that. And that's where we've been taking some price corrections in the month of September and 
October to make sure we are far more competitive because we believe that we've got the right 
to win in some of these segments. 
 
So that is the second. The third is many of you may remember, some of you have already 
commented. We were the first to launch what's called the Warranty or Assurance program in 
2021, right? Of course, given our A&P spends being still a part of the AkzoNobel system, we 
obviously put it. But obviously, when the larger player, the market leader and the challenger 
really put it, obviously, we look to. 
 
So, we came with a new campaign where we are questioning whether it's quality or warranty 
and many of you have seen that campaign and committed. Thank you for that. It's called the 
"Lage Shaandaar, Chale Shaandaar" campaign, where we believe that quality is as important as 
warranty, and you've seen that campaign. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
 
What have we been working on? We have been working on an entire digitization of road map 
because we believe in the journey ahead, productivity can be driven through digitization. And 
maybe in some of the Q&A, Rohit will answer that. So, we've worked with one of India's leading 
consultants, the Boston Consulting Group to develop a state-of-the-art lead management system, 
and maybe Rohit can cover that later and also on distribution. 
 
So, we've achieved, as I told, a very strong growth in premium, which is unlike the rest of 
perhaps the industry with the sort of solid brands, and we've seen that, that's something that we 
continue to grow in. We've enhanced our portfolio. We've relaunched propositions in the mass, 
particularly on Promise and on Exterior Emulsions and Weathershield, and we've come in with 
certain new ranges, which we believe in the months ahead, we'll do. 
 
On Decorative paints, I see that there is a bit of a bottom demand largely because of the fact that 
the months of September and October, we had rainfall, incessant rainfall across the country, but 
now getting back into good growth. 
 
On the Coating side, it was largely Industrial Coatings led, as I told you, with strong orders 
coming in our coil business. And also, on ASC, as I mentioned, we grew in premium. We had 
new wins, exclusive partnerships, and we've also made some terrific gains in the auto OEM. In 
MPY, the Power & Mining businesses registered strong growth. And we are now seeing a pickup 
in the marine docking business in October. So hopefully, we will start correcting that and moving 
forward. 
 
We've had some specialized offerings like Interdur, which is specialized solutions across 
industries, which is anticorrosive Coatings for applications across industries such as 
infrastructure, oil, gas and general industries. As I mentioned earlier, the order book is strong. 
And really, for us, I think very important for us to explain to you the construct of the P&L and 
the entire thing. 
 
So, without much ado, let me hand it over to Krishna. Krishna? 
Krishna R.: 
Thanks, Rajiv. Before we get into the details of our Q2 performance, it's worth spending some 
time on the business reorganization vis-a-vis the slump sale that took effect during the quarter. 
As you are all aware, in February '25, we accepted the binding offer from AkzoNobel NV for 
the purchase of our Power Coatings business and International Research Center. After that, we 
have gone to the postal ballot and secured the shareholders' approval. 
 
Both these slump sale transactions were undertaken through separate business transfer 
agreements and were concluded on 1st of July 2025. Therefore, our results for the Q2 FY '26 do 
not include Powder Coatings or Service Income and corresponding expenses from the 
International Research Center. Given that these are material contributors to the business as a 
comparison with our last year reported numbers will not be the right indicator of our 
performance. 
 
Accordingly, we have restated the last year numbers and transparently shared as a part of the 
investor deck, which excludes the Powder Coatings and the International Research Center 
numbers. These numbers are provisional, unaudited and based on our internal estimates. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
 
So, moving to the quarter performance, as Rajiv alluded in terms of the revenue development, 
what was reported number on a comparable basis is 1.5% lower than the last year and which 
stood at INR834.9 crores. Gross margins, our gross margin percentage was 41.3% was impacted 
by the vertical product mix as some of the mid businesses reported the fastest growth in the B2B 
segments. 
 
There were also some raw materials inflation experienced in our Coatings businesses. However, 
partly offsetting these factors was the improved product mix in retail business. Thus, the dilution 
was limited to the 1.6%. We continue to control the opex and while we provided the support to 
the marketing push to offset the seasonal volatility. 
 
The stability in EBIT percentage at 11.1% reflects the disciplined cost management, which 
helped to offset the top line and the margin pressures. And we also had a significant amount of 
improvements in the working capital management, and which resulted in the cash generation of 
around INR277 crores and which stood as of 30th September. 
 
With that, I hand it over back to Yashasri, so that we can go to the question and answer. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yashasri over to you, we will take all the questions now. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. We take 
first question from the line of Mihir Shah from Nomura. 
Mihir Shah: 
Congrats on a good performance on the volume front and the premium end segment. Sir, just to 
understand a bit deeper on the price correction that you have taken. Any initial feedback that 
you can share from the dealers or from the consumers on how they are accepting the price 
correction and the positive effect that will have on your volumes? And what is the kind of 
pressure that we can expect on the margins because of the price corrections that have been put 
into the market? So that's my first question? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So, look, I think the price correction cumulative so far has been in the region of about 1.5% to 
2%. Remember that we already in the market, seen an aggressive discounting because of the 
new entrants, which have come in, right? 
 
Now in terms of what have we seen, it's too early, Mihir, because really what we put in 
September because there's always pipeline stock, right, would really start bearing fruit actually 
from this month onwards. So, it's more from this month onwards for the September and from 
next month onwards for November price correction, I'll be able to give you a clear picture, but 
my understanding to the qualitative replies when we've spoken to trade, people feel we are 
aggressive. 
 
I don't know whether your channel checks are also showing the same. They're generally saying 
that, look, I think post the acquisition by the JSW Group and the new direction that we've already 
started work on, they see a little bit of aggression coming in because that is also the sort of 
strategy that has been articulated by Mr. Parth Jindal and has also been agreed with Mr. Greg 
Poux-Guillaume, who is the CEO of AkzoNobel. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
 
So, it's after taking Akzo in confidence that we are executing these strategies. And so far, my 
belief is, the real test of the pudding will come when the results of this quarter come and more, 
I think we'll really see the real, it will pan out in the fourth quarter if I were to put it. Hopefully 
answers your question, Mihir. 
Mihir Shah: 
Very clear, yes and our channel checks are also indicating that there is a new energy that is there 
with Akzo now. So that's why I wanted to check on the positive impact. So, in connection with 
that, how should one think about the competitive intensity in the industry now? We have seen 
the other larger players, probably the intensity has kind of reduced in some way is what we 
believe. But, and there's new aggression from your side? 
 
So, from overall competitive intensity point of view over the next year or a couple of years, how 
should one think about it? Where do you think, do you subscribe to the view that a disruption in 
price points or any other disruption can drive share gains? Or do you think intensity will remain 
healthy and whoever puts their best foot forward in terms of efficiency, good product, good 
servicing will be the key winner out of this entire thing. Just wanted to share, get your views on 
the same? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So Mihir, I'm from the school that believes that good product, good and doing all the hygienic 
stuff in the long term give you better results. And when I say long term, it's 1 to 2 years, right? 
What does pricing do? And you look at industry by industry. I've been very fortunate to work in 
FMCG, Lubricants, Telecom, Telecom with the highest intensity. 
 
And my learning is simple that if you don't arrive at something which is sustainable, then it will 
work for 1, 2 years, you can really shore up, but then you do not build something which is very 
strong. I'll give you an example when I handled Airtel and Tamil Nadu, we were the number 3 
brand. I mean it was Airtel, Vodafone and then us, right? 
 
And pricing was not the strategy in which we won, right? Similarly, I don't think pricing from a 
long-term perspective is a strategy. It is a short-term disruption strategy. It is where you can 
shore up a lot of volumes, particularly if the larger players are listed and have compulsions 
because of EBIT margin delivery, EBITDA margin delivery, you can do that up to a point. 
 
And unless you build something sustainable there, it becomes very difficult to continuously do 
that. That's my answer. My question specifically, I don't want to make any announcements or 
any, I'm not in the same camp where I think that everything is over. 
 
I think, look, there is a fight happening in the market between a market leader and a very strong 
challenger. Let's not kid ourselves in saying that it has had impact on the profitability of the 
industry and also the market shares of all the players, maybe lesser on some of us, more on a 
few others, right? But the reality is it has had an impact. And I would not want to celebrate early 
victory till I'm able to see proof of the pudding. 
 
For us, we've been over the last few months, ourselves on a new journey. And our ask is to make 
sure that we are fighting like soldiers with a laser focus in the market to make sure that we come 
out winners, right, as AkzoNobel India. And really, that's really been the task. So really, for me 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
to summarize the question, I don't want to celebrate early victories of saying, look, something is 
over or not because I think the market takes a little bit of time to really do that. 
 
Yes, it is true that the larger players, including us, are seeing a bounce back in many of the 
markets. Maybe Rohit, I'll just invite Rohit to articulate that a bit more, right? In what I call, 
what we call the high share geography, high stake geographies, where our contribution is high. 
 
Rohit, if you can quickly give a quick color to the question Mihir asked. 
Rohit Totla: 
So, same thing, which is, let me put it, execution. What we ended up doing on a pricing action 
is matching the prices wherever, especially in a channel category wherever we were premium, 
right? So, it's not that we were really, really aggressive on a pricing front from the market point 
of view. 
 
Yes. What we are focusing completely is on the execution. We have selected set of markets, and 
that is those are the markets where we have enhanced our execution, starting, addressing all the 
stakeholders, be it architect interior designers, be it painters, be it retailers, be it contractors or 
the large projects. So, this is where our entire thrust is. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Mihir, hopefully, that answers all the questions you asked. 
Mihir Shah: 
Yes. Great. Sir, if I can just push in one more if you allow me. Quickly on the demand 
environment. I know it's a bit early, but if you can crystal ball gaze for us a bit and the industry 
has been seeing pressure on the volumes in some time, while there are some early shoots, green 
shoots that you called out. 
 
Should one think that from an industry demand, overall consumption environment point of view, 
with all the efforts that the government has also put through by income tax cuts, GST cuts, lower 
interest rate, etc., positive effect on the consumption is likely to happen? Do you think that we 
are near the cusp where demand should start seeing improvement going forward? Or do you still 
see some headwinds for some more time to continue? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Well, so firstly, to your question, look, the GST reductions impacted certain industries and all 
of them are reporting better than others, right? If you look at it, we've also seen very strong 
growth in cement. And normally after cement, paint follows because remember, that a large 
percentage of our business comes through repainting, right? So, it follows. 
 
Now what has impacted the industry is also, as you will agree, Mihir, is that the rains have been 
completely unexpected this year in terms of not the amount only, the fact that it's prolonged and 
even in different parts of the country, I hear occasionally it's raining. 
 
So, it's impacted the season. My belief is, look, I think, yes, it will improve. Whether it will 
completely improve this quarter, again, it is something that we need to see. But yes, there will 
be an improvement. But if you ask me to take a view of a 6 month to 1 year, I see sharp 
improvement for a simple reason. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
 
The repainting cycles occur in a span of 3 to 4 years or 5 years, right? The last repainting big 
blip we got was post-COVID in 2022 to a large extent, '21 and '22, right, where more in '22 and 
less in '21 because '21 came off a low base, right, but '22. So, if you look at it, technically by 
next year, early next year, which is the fourth quarter of this year to first quarter of next year, a 
lot of repainting will come in. 
 
And I think, hence, you would start seeing the growth come in. And the growth will be in line 
with the sort of activities and like Rohit said, the execution excellence and for the brand 
activation that we do in the market. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Lakshminarayanan KG from Tunga Investments. 
Lakshminarayanan KG.: 
Rajiv, one question is that if I just look at our long term, at least like last 18 months or so, the 
industry for some reason has been having a very, very low growth, if I just aggregate all the 
revenues put together, right, the standalone revenues of all companies. Now what is that has 
actually, because we always thought that there will be some base effect which would come in, 
but it doesn't come in so far. 
 
So, what makes, first is the industry growing, right, in the last 2, 3 years, I mean, from September 
'22 till now, if I just look at the quarters, it's been very benign in terms of growth. So, I just want 
to understand, is the industry growing in terms of revenue numbers? And second, what gives 
you confidence that there will be growth will come the next best time is ahead of us? I mean, of 
course, you alluded that there will be repainting cycle. Just that's my first question. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So, look, I think you're looking at  listed entities. And if you look at the newer players and 
the newer entrants and at the total growth, yes, there has been growth in the industry. So, I don't 
want to take, now you may argue that, look, the growth is below GDP growth. That's possible 
in a couple of quarters. But on an average, if you look at, there has been growth, just that the 
growth trajectory shifted to newer players who came with much aggressive price points. 
 
If you look at 80% of the growth has come from mass market, economy, putty, textile, 
construction chemicals. And these are segments where some of the players who are established 
players obviously found it too difficult to react because it would dilute, it would be hugely 
dilutive to the margin and the profitability of the business. 
 
So that is what has happened. However, obviously, there is a point in time in which you cannot 
allow other people to have your lunch. And that wake-up call you are seeing now amongst the 
larger players, which is what is now making sure that everybody gets aggressive. 
 
So, in a way, I think what will change is, first, that the shape of the curve will change to where 
the sources of growth of various players came from. And in terms of the, where, which player 
was getting what growth, that I see a bit of a change. 
 
Second, I think the fact is that there has been a correction, as Mihir asked in the earlier question. 
And to that extent, the outlay of people with some of the savings will come in and people will 
go for home refurbishments and painting. And I believe that, look, in the months ahead, we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
would see some sharp growth coming in on both the B2C and the B2B sites, right? Rohit, do 
you want to add something? Yes. So that's what I would say. 
Lakshminarayanan KG.: 
Got it. And in terms of, there have been some price increase and corrections taken, right, across 
the industry, and there has been some resetting, I think, 2, 3 quarters back. So, if you just look 
at it from a volume growth point of view, what is the volume growth one can actually expect for 
the industry in the next 1 year? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, again, it's a function of the segments which drive the volume growth. Volume growth for 
a couple of players already touching high single digit, mid- to high single digit. We are getting 
close to the mid-single digit. It will get to double digit in the near term. But you have to 
understand that bulk of the growth is coming from these categories that I just talked about, right? 
 
We've not launched our construction chemicals. I think Rohit is planning to launch it next month 
by end of the year, December is when we are launching, and our products are very superior 
compared to some of the offerings in the market. 
 
So, we believe that we've got a right to win; and on the price increase, look, the price increase, 
I'm not even talking because it was offset by additional discounts in the market across some of 
these segments. 
 
So really, there's nothing that could really come into the P&L because that just, it lasted for about 
a month and then aggression started back. So, I don't think the price increases at this point of 
time at this competitive intensity is something that's going to. I just hope that the discounting 
will get rational over a period of time. 
 
But coming back to volume, I do see that at least now will start steadying at single digit, mid-
single digit to high single digit, eventually double-digit growth in the very soon, I mean in 
perhaps between next quarter, this quarter and next quarter in a few months, it will start. I see 
next quarter definitely as a double-digit growth quarter for volumes and high single digit for 
revenue. 
Lakshminarayanan KG.: 
So, Rajiv, and also for the next 2 to 3 years, what are the 3 priorities you would actually have 
for the company? And second, the Dulux name would be available for us till when? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No Dulux is now owned by AkzoNobel. It's for perpetuity it's owned by AkzoNobel as a part of 
the AkzoNobel India as a part of it, and that moves to the, obviously, now the new owner is the 
JSW family. In terms of top 3 priorities, look, I think we are, I think, amongst all the paint 
companies having a massive transformation, you would agree to that, Lakshmi, right? 
 
So, my first job is to make sure that when you're in this to steady the ship and make sure that 
you're delivering on ground while making sure that the strategic direction is run. So, what do we 
need to do? Obviously, there's a lot of work going to be. I think it's not appropriate for me to talk 
about it. I would wait. I think Mr. Parth Jindal will talk about it at an appropriate time. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes. Sir, in terms of the entire commodity prices, we have seen most of the commodity prices 
are lower, even the antidumping duty on TiO2 is also kind of now rolled back. So, with 
correction in commodity prices, what can be the maximum potential for price cuts for the 
industry to remain at current margins? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
2 things. See, the raw material has been benign for now a small period of time. So really, I think, 
and it's equal for everybody. On the antidumping duty, yes, the order has got favorable, but it's 
not executed. So, we are still, I think most of the players are still paying it under protest. 
 
So, till it's completely called off, it's not going to come in into our P&L because we have to 
follow the law, and we are following, I mean, your company is highest on these things. So, we 
do not -- we obviously that we do the right thing, okay? So, till it's completely called off in our 
books, it still reflects. 
 
Now coming to the price, what is the, my belief is, look, it's very difficult to say what is the top 
of the table. But I believe that we are not too far from already being there, right? We can argue 
in certain categories; can you be a little more aggressive. 
 
But my view is what will now do it, I think the pricing pressures have already started coming 
into play. And I think now the power of the brand, distribution and those things will start coming 
in. And that's where I'm certain that we will be pretty well placed. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. Sure, sir, in terms of any growth drivers as far as distribution is concerned or in a way 
some of the new products that we had introduced like the value for money emulsion or even 
waterproofing or even floor paint also. So, any update that you can share? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I’ll ask Rohit to answer that. 
Rohit Totla: 
Okay. So, for us, what we are doing as far as distribution is concerned, we have a lot of white 
spaces and those are the places where we are going and appointing. The distribution is adding 
close to 4%, 4.5% kind of our revenue every year to us. And this year, it will be a little higher. 
And that is what our strategy is. 
 
As far as product categories are concerned, just Waterproofing products, be it Waterproofing or 
a Construction Chemical Products which are getting accepted across, and that is where the 
weighted distribution is coming in. Hope that answers. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes, yes. Sure, sir. That is very helpful. And update on the multiple new products that we had 
entered into? 
Rohit Totla: 
So almost everything is doing really well, especially the new launches, which has to do with 
Uber luxury premium products, which is to do with Velvet Touch Eterna, both in the Sheen 
variant and a Matt variant, especially the Matt variant has been accepted really, really well by 
architects and interior designers and really very much liked by the consumers. Second, which is 
to do with the Entry-Level Emulsion high sheen for exteriors. It's where we had a remarkable 
success on the launch of those products. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sure, sir. Understood. Last one question from my side. I guess the royalty reduction is already 
accounted for in Q2 results? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. Yes. So yes. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
So, what is the total saving in the royalty if you calculate as a percent of net sales? That is one 
question. And secondly, we have seen logically the margin should have gone up, but I guess 
there will be certain costs related to so many corporate actions happening. So, if you can quantify 
on the overall margin and what should be considered as a sustainable margin going forward? 
Any indicative guidance if you can share? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So let me give you the guidance, and I'll let Mr. Krishna answer all. My guidance is very clear. 
We should be in the EBITDA margin of 14% to 16% on a sustained basis. That's what I've 
always maintained. Remember that still we are a number 4 player even with being a part of the 
JSW Group, position doesn't change except that we now become a clear number 4 and move to 
number 3 soon, right? So, Krishna, can I ask you to quickly just cover some of the other questions 
that Aniruddha had asked. 
Krishna R.: 
Yes. I think, Aniruddha, we have fully factored in that the royalty, which we pay for the 
Decorative IP, ceased to exist effective 1st of July 2025. And the numbers of Q2 FY '26 doesn't 
include the royalty payout for the Decorative paints. However for the performance paints or the 
Industrial Coatings, the royalty IP lies with AkzoNobel, and we continue to pay the royalty for 
that product. 
 
As far as royalty utilization is concerned, if you see from the comparable results, the gross 
margin decline is INR193 million, whereas when it comes to the EBIT, the decline is only INR22 
million. So that means effectively, there is an operational efficiency which is there in the system. 
 
We are prudent in terms of the cost management. And the moment the revenue trajectory, as 
explained by Rajiv, we do see a significant uptick to happen from the Q3 FY '26 onwards, which 
will address the matrices and the guidance band shared by Rajiv. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sure, sir. I will just take one question from the chat box. So, is there any change in dividend 
payment policy with the new team taking over? 
Krishna R.: 
Aniruddha, at this point of time, we don't see any change there. And as and when it comes, we 
will inform the shareholders by way of the corporate disclosure. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Any changes in policies, we will come back to you at an appropriate time. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from Avi Mehta from Macquarie. 
Avi Mehta: 
Can you hear me? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Avi, maybe you need to change your voice settings. Avi, can you hear us? 
Avi Mehta: 
I can hear you, but – I am not able to hear, sorry? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Sir, are you able to hear him? Rajiv, sir? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Very feeble, but let me try. Go ahead, Avi. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir, I just... 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
A bit of both in the sense that, obviously, price checks happened with both consumer and with 
contractor, painter, right? But basically, what has happened is because of the price table in which 
the industry and certain key brands were operating in, our ability to grow the brands versus what 
we've done in the prior year had come down. 
 
And so, it's, that is, and we've done a complete conjoint analysis to really be able to address it to 
answer the question, Avi. And it's largely, it's across a little bit of the portfolio, but it's some of 
our heavy brands where we believe that it was tapering off because perhaps the premium was a 
bit too high. And so when you look at a moving annual total and, there it smoothens all the 
curves, seasonality, etc., we look at that in the conjoint analysis to put two together. 
Avi Mehta: 
Fair enough. Fair enough, sir. Very clear. And sir, does that entail a sharper entry into the mass 
need? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No, I don't want to announce strategy on a call, but I think that's not, I would not like to answer 
that question, Avi. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today. I now hand over the call to 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So first and foremost, once again, a big thank you. We do realize that perhaps this possibly could 
be the last investor call from an AkzoNobel India perspective. Of course, AkzoNobel India and 
all of us continue, but very, maybe in new shapes, colors, news as we move forward. 
 
We are absolutely delighted and looking forward to being part of the JSW family. We've had a 
lot of, a few interactions, I think 4 or 5, Krishna, with Mr. Parth Jindal, and we are highly 
energetic because I think we, this is exactly what we've been wanting to, to get the ability to play 
in the market the way that you should play in the market. 
 
There's no point of playing in T20 in a Test Match style. And that's what sometimes when you, 
with some of the constraints that we've had, and I'm very glad that even our global CEO had 
articulated that very well when he had when the announcement happened. 
 
So, I think we are really looking forward to the journey. A lot of it lies at our end in terms of 
superior execution and taking it to market. And to me, the future leaders of this company will 
be in terms of those who are able to demonstrate superior performance, right? 
 
So, thank you very much. Good luck. All the very best. Bye-bye. Thank you for joining the call. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, 
that concludes today's session. Thank you for your participation. You may now exit the meeting. 
