 
 
November 19, 2025 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Concall Transcription 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (oa) (ii) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the 
transcript of the Company’s Analyst Call held on November 12, 2025 to discuss the un-
audited financial results for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
Meeting start time - 4.45 p.m. IST 
End time – 5.55 p.m. IST 
 
We request you to take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
for ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 
 
 
N Ramanathan 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
SCRIP CODE: ASHOKLEY 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
SCRIP CODE: 500477 
NATARAJAN 
RAMANATHAN
Digitally signed by NATARAJAN RAMANATHAN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=0nzpbvxsyel691f3c45wk8j27iaoqtmr, 
2.5.4.20=22ebdb00708268080062bd623ed12444603631a4
a2c6396a6569847037804046, postalCode=600061, 
st=Tamil Nadu, 
serialNumber=e6c7e692a309c6eac78562d9913f554c2023
5b2382a57b04952b55db37396323, cn=NATARAJAN 
RAMANATHAN 
Date: 2025.11.19 13:54:41 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Ashok Leyland Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHENU AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ASHOK LEYLAND 
LIMITED 
MR. K. M. BALAJI – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KUMAR RAKESH – BNP PARIBAS SECURITIES 
INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Ashok Leyland Limited Q2 FY '26 Earning 
Conference Call hosted by BNP Paribas Securities India Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all the participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kumar Rakesh. Over to you, sir. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thank you, and apologies for the delayed start. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of BNP 
Paribas Securities India, it is my pleasure to welcome all of you to the conference call to discuss 
the 2nd Quarter results of financial year 2026 of Ashok Leyland. 
To discuss the results, we are joined today by Mr. Shenu Agarwal - MD and CEO; Mr. K. M. 
Balaji - President and CFO, and the Investor Relations team. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Shenu Agarwal for his opening remarks. Mr. Agarwal, over 
to you. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Thank you for joining in and for your trust in Ashok Leyland, as always. 
Q2 proved to be an eventful quarter for us. MHCV trucks smoothly transitioned to the AC 
mandate, signifying growing acceptance towards safety and comfort in the Indian trucking 
industry. GST 2.0 added cheer to the festive season on two accounts, the rate rationalization 
from 28% to 18% brought down the cost of owning new trucks and buses, while GST rate 
reduction in several other categories of goods is expected to increase the overall freight demand. 
In the 2nd Quarter, Ashok Leyland also took a milestone decision to foray into the battery 
manufacturing business, giving shape to its long-term strategic plans. The domestic MHCV 
industry grew 4% in Q2. The LCV industry offtake in 2-4 ton category grew by 13%. We believe 
these are signs of better times for the CV industry. The industry momentum has further built up 
in October, with MHCV and LCV 2-4 ton industry growing Y-o-Y by 7% and 15% respectively. 
Ashok Leyland’s domestic MHCV truck volume for Q2 was at 21,647 units and MHCV bus 
volume at 4,660 units. In H1, Ashok Leyland's domestic MHCV market share was at 31%, with 
a gain of 50 basis points over H1 of last year. This is without defense and EVs. 
The LCV domestic volume for Q2 was at 17,697 units, higher by 6.4% on Y-o-Y basis. LCV 
Vahan market share at the end of H1 stood at 13.2%, higher by 0.9% on Y-o-Y basis. Our exports 
volume for Q2 at 4,784 units were higher by 45% Y-o-Y. For H1 FY '26, export volume was 
higher by 38%. It was satisfying to see growth across all our home markets outside India, with 
GCC, Africa and SAARC corroborating Ashok Leyland's approach of developing strong local 
presence and building products suiting the local requirements. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Our non-CV businesses also grew as per plan. The aftermarket revenues for Q2 were higher 11% 
Y-o-Y. Revenue from power solutions business was higher by 14% Y-o-Y. Revenue from 
defense business was higher by 25% Y-o-Y. Defense order book and tender wind pipeline 
remains quite strong. Material cost as a percentage of revenue for Q2 was at 71.2% at the same 
level as same quarter last year. This was a major achievement given the tariff volatilities and 
adoption of ACs in MHCV trucks. Our cost savings efforts continue with the same rigor while 
we are also pushing for better price realizations.  
Coming to financials: 
The revenue for Q2 was at Rs. 9,588 crores, higher by 9.3% on Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA was at 
Q2 record level at Rs. 1,162 crores, higher by 14.2% Y-o-Y. Q2 PBT was also at record levels 
at Rs. 1,043 crores. PAT for Q2 was at Rs. 771 crores. EBITDA margin for the quarter was at 
12.1%, higher by 50 basis points against Q2 of last year. 
CAPEX for the quarter was Rs. 417 crores and cumulatively Rs. 658 crores for H1. There were 
no investments in subsidiaries in the first half of the year. 
Our cash position net of debt continues to be positive at the end of Q2 at roughly Rs. 1,000 
crores, reflecting a positive swing of roughly Rs. 1,500 crores on Y-o-Y basis. We have been 
able to keep our operating capital very lean and have brought it down by almost 50% on Y-o-Y 
basis. Due to continued improvement in company's fiscal performance and better outlook for the 
ongoing years, the Board of Ashok Leyland has recommended an interim dividend of INR 1 per 
share. 
Our product development pipeline is stronger than ever. Our non-diesel portfolio is continuously 
expanding, with two models of light electric trucks, three models of MHCV electric trucks and 
several models and variants of electric buses already available commercially. We have also 
forayed into other greener technologies such as CNG, LNG and even hydrogen. Within the diesel 
range, we are preparing to soon launch a completely new range of heavy-duty trucks with power 
ratings of 320 and 360 horsepower. These new trucks are built with next-level of heavy-duty 
aggregates, delivering unmatched reliability. These products would be fitted with our most 
modern 6-cylinder engines, delivering highest peak torque in the respective segments, enabling 
our customer’s best-in-class turnaround time and therefore more earnings per month. 
We are also working on improving the throughput of our R&D resources, which will help us 
reduce the time to market and respond quickly to the changing market and regulatory 
requirements. We are continuously augmenting our fully-built bus capacity to cater to the 
growing demand of fully-built buses. Our newest and most modern bus plant at Lucknow shall 
be inaugurated soon. After complete ramp-up of our AP and Lucknow plants, we shall reach bus 
body-building capacity of 20,000 numbers-plus per year from that of roughly 12,000 numbers 
at present. We also continue to expand our domestic network. We added 27 MHCV points and 
26 LCV touchpoints during the quarter, with most of the additions happening in northeast and 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
the central areas. With these additions, total touchpoints are about to touch the milestone number 
of 2,000, that is 1,100 for MHCV and 876 for LCV. Internationally as well, we are expanding 
our network in all our four home markets with SAARC, Africa, GCC and ASEAN. 
Coming to our subsidiaries: 
Switch India continues to do well. For H1 FY '26, Switch India sold close to 600 buses and 600 
e-LCVs. I am very happy to share that for H1, Switch India was both EBITDA as well as PAT 
positive. Order book for the buses at the end of H1 FY '26 stood at 1,650 units. Switch India is 
progressing well on its target of becoming free cash flow positive by FY '27. 
OHM, our eMaaS subsidiary is now operating more than 1,100 electric buses with fleet 
availability of 98% plus. During the quarter, OHM added more than 250 buses to the operating 
fleet and is progressing well on its target of operating 2,500 plus buses within the next 12 months. 
All the GCC projects under execution are at healthy double digit IRR. OHM is working 
diligently on the 10,000 plus PME drive tender to further add to the growing fleet. 
Coming to our financing subsidiary: 
Hinduja Leyland Finance, standalone AUM, was at Rs. 52,635 crores, higher by 26% on Y-o-Y 
basis. Hinduja Housing Finance AUM was at Rs. 14,903 crores, higher 20% Y-o-Y. Total PAT 
for the finance subsidiaries for Q2 was at Rs. 196 crores and the book value at the end of the 
quarter was at Rs. 7,418 crores. On a consolidated basis, the NNPA was at a healthy 1.59%. Like 
we advised earlier, HLF has received the final clearance from RBI to initiate a merger process 
with NXT Digital, paving the way for its listing. The listing process is progressing as per plan. 
We remain steadfastly focused on our ESG commitments. We have now signed four franchisee 
partners for AL HARIT, our platform for RVSF or Registered Vehicle Scrappage Facilities. In 
our commitment towards RE100, we have progressed really well. We have achieved 84% RE 
status, again 69% at end of FY '25, with our Tamil Nadu plants operating now close to 98% RE. 
Our Road to School and Road to Livelihood programs also continue to grow, extending their 
reach to about 5.7 lakh students now. 
In summary: 
We believe we have had a reasonably good Q2 and H1, hopefully meeting or surpassing your 
expectations. Incidentally, in this quarter, our share price also touched its ever-highest mark in 
the third week of September. We will continue to make our best efforts to progress on our 
strategic goal of delivering profitable growth and reach mid-teen EBITDA in the mid-term. For 
the second half of the current fiscal, we remain optimistic about the growth prospects of the CV 
industry for both MHCV and LCV segments. The LCV segment has already picked up on the 
back of GST rate cuts. We believe MHCV industry would also remain buoyant in H2, led by 
growth in broad-based consumption and increase in infrastructure activity. On back of these and 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
basis our upcoming new and differentiated product launches across different segments, we 
remain confident of posting decent volumes and margin uptrend for Ashok Leyland in the second 
half of the year. 
Thank you once again for your continued trust in Ashok Leyland. I now hand it over to the 
moderator for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Good evening, sir and congratulations on a very good performance. My first question is just on 
your full year outlook for MHCVs and LCVs. What kind of growth are you expecting for the 
full year or second half if you can give a range that would be helpful? And at the time of GST 
cut, there were certain concerns that input credit may not be available to fleet operators who 
were organized. So is there a change in demand pattern you are observing between retail and 
fleet if you could give some color over there as well? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Thank you, Kapil for the question. You and I both have looked at the uptick in the demand that 
has happened after GST 2.0 implementation. I would say it is very optimistic. September itself 
was good but October kind of painted the indication for the future as well. The MHCV industry 
grew by about 7% in October and LCV was 15%. This was in the lines of our expectation also. 
We did believe that LCV will grow more than MHCV. But we remain optimistic about H2. I 
think we should wait for another month or so to really figure out how the whole year will pan 
out. But definitely, we will say H2 will be much better than H1 in terms of absolute industry 
volume and also in terms of the growth rates that we have seen. On the GST side, Kapil, it is 
true that there was some kind of apprehension in the organized large fleet operators. But that is 
I think a smaller part of the whole dynamics. I think there are three ways to look at it. One is that 
the price itself, the price of the trucks is going down by 10%, has gotten down by 10%. This will 
really help everyone to have a better TCO out of the truck. The second is, this GST 2.0 is of 
course across various categories of goods and has really resulted into a consumption boost and 
there is no reason that this consumption boost should not long for a longer time and therefore, 
this should result in higher freight demand. To me personally, higher freight demand is a bigger 
factor than the price cut or the GST cut for the truck itself. Because when there is demand, people 
would be coming out to replace their older fleets or buying new trucks. Therefore, that is really 
seen in the sentiment on the ground that people are now seriously considering replacing their 
older fleets because of the 10% reduction in the price and also the boost in the demand. The 
issue of the input credit of course is there. We cannot deny it. But I think if the freight demand 
overall continues to be better and if there is a price cut which is there already at 10%, I think 
those two factors will be larger than the input tax factor. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure, sir. And what would be the average age of the truck that also if you could articulate? And 
then the second question was on the drivers for margin expansion from here on. If you could just 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
talk about whether we should expect, will it be more gross margin led or operating leverage led? 
How to think about discounting? That would be the second question. 
K. M. Balaji: 
On the margin side, I would say that we continue, Kapil, with all the initiatives which we have 
been doing earlier on the price recovery side as well as on the material cost, the commodity cost 
movement as well as on all the material cost reduction initiatives. So all this will continue and 
you can expect them to continue as they were continuing in the past. So you can expect the same 
kind of savings to come in. And one more important thing which you should look at will be the 
growth which is there in the non-truck segment. The revenue growth has been quite good. You 
would have seen the growth on the export side has been quite phenomenal. We have registered 
45% growth for the Q2 and about 30% for the first half of the current financial year. Similarly, 
the spare parts continue to grow for the third consecutive year after 25% plus growth in the last 
2 financial years each year. Similarly, the defence, we have a very good scope for the 
improvement. And power solution business has also grown by about more than 12%. So all these 
are actually auguring well for us. The overall revenue mix is good and we hope that this 
continues. And we also see that the truck demand is also going up. From October we see that 
there has been a good growth as Shenu indicated, it is about 7% growth which has come and you 
can work out the math, Kapil. If we continue to get this 7% growth for the next 5 months, what 
would be the impact on the overall TIV as well as for Ashok Leyland. You can do the math and 
see. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure, sir. Just the average age of the truck, if you could give? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Average age of the fleet is around 10 years right now, between 9.5-10.5 years. But of course, 
that is one way to look at it. But the other way to look at it is that there are huge number of BS-
4, BS-3 trucks still available in the fleet. And the thing is that the BS-6 trucks or the latest trucks 
are much more efficient. They have much better mileage. They have much better capability of 
power and torque resulting in higher TAT (Turnaround Time). So it makes absolute sense for 
the customers to replace the older trucks, the BS-2, BS-3, BS-4 trucks with the latest trucks. And 
we have all been wondering that while the age has exceeded almost 10 years, while it used to be 
7.5-8 years, why not this huge trend is seen in the industry that people are coming forward and 
replacing the trucks. And maybe that GST 2.0 as well as some other activities in H2, like 
infrastructure activities, better government CAPEX, etc., may start opening up that demand. So 
the sentiment is very positive on the ground. People are looking forward to these kinds of things. 
Let us just see how the rest of the year pans out. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you, sir. Best wishes. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Thanks, Kapil. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Hi, team. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is just clarifications on the prior 
questions. You spoke about a lot of these non-truck revenues, right? Can you just give us a little 
bit sense on how big they are as a percentage of revenues now? Particularly looking at spares, 
defense, engine, exports, and separately LCV as well, a bit more color on the mix of the revenues, 
if you can share? 
K. M. Balaji: 
Now, roughly 50% of the revenue comes from the non-truck businesses. With buses, about 13%; 
light commercial vehicles, about 12%; spares, about 10% and exports, about 7%-8%. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. And is it fair to assume that these are accretive to the margins in terms of mix? 
K. M. Balaji: 
Certainly. The margins from these businesses are higher than the domestic truck margins. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Just to be clear, what was this percentage of revenue mix maybe, let us say, a year back? I am 
just trying to understand the evolution. How big has this become relative to last year or maybe 
over the last couple of years? 
K. M. Balaji: 
It was about 55%-58% about a couple of years ago. Now it has moved to 50% (domestic trucks 
revenue). 
Shenu Agarwal: 
And Gunjan, like Balaji said, these are margin accretive. So some of these businesses have much 
higher margin than what we earn on the trucks. And therefore, one thing I think which has 
happened with Ashok Leyland is that our break-even volume we have been able to reduce 
drastically. Break-even volume when considered in terms of the units we have to sell for MHCV 
trucks. It used to be about 6,000-7,000 units a month. And now it has dropped to, I would say, 
more or less closer to 1,000-1,200 units a month. And that is a big change that has happened 
within Ashok Leyland, obviously, because of two or three different factors. Because of the 
reduction in the fixed cost overall in line with the revenue, also promotion of these non-CV or 
non-heavy-duty truck businesses, etc. But that puts us in a very good position. A lot of us worry 
about the cyclicity in the truck industry, especially the heavy-duty trucks. And now we have 
positioned the company in a way that even if there is a slight drop in the truck market, we should 
be quite fine with our profitability. 
K. M. Balaji: 
Just to answer your question, Gunjan. FY '22, the share of domestic truck business was 60%. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
That is down to 50% now, right? 
K. M. Balaji: 
51% now. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
My second question is on the LCV business. You did speak about a pretty significant change 
post-GST there. Can you give us some color on what sort of growth are we looking at? There 
were a couple of product launches that we have been talking about. And also, can you cover a 
bit around the capacity? Do we have enough capacity to sort of ramp up volumes in this segment? 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes, Gunjan. As far as the capacity is concerned, our current capacity is close to 80,000 units on 
the light commercial vehicles. But we have already laid out a plan to increase this capacity to 
110,000-120,000 units without much of an investment. So mainly these are process changes and 
some small investments here or there, but largely leading through process changes and efficiency 
changes. But no more floor area expansion, no more new buildings, etc. So I think in that way, 
we can achieve that in a matter of 6-9 months. So that is also good. And as soon as we think that 
we are getting closer to 80, we will trigger this expansion and we will get 100 or 110, depending 
on what size of market and volumes we are looking at. Also on the market side, it was expected 
that LCV will be the biggest gainer among all the segments of trucks and buses from this GST 
rationalization, largely because this is a retail market with either single owner operator or smaller 
fleets, and they get directly benefited from this. They do not have even the issue of the input 
credits, etc. So we are very hopeful that something like this should continue in the future as well. 
And this is largely a depiction of the boost in the consumption and therefore more demand for 
freight in the last mile. So we are quite hopeful. And as far as our volumes are concerned, we 
will definitely try to beat the market growth. And some of our products that we had launched 
recently, like SAATHI, they are doing really, really well. We think there is much more potential 
in those products and we will be continuing to exploit that potential in the coming months. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. I will join back with you. Thank you so much. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Thank you, Gunjan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Chandramouli from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli: 
Hi. Good evening and thank you for taking my questions. My first question is just around the 
post-GST trend of LCV potentially growing faster than MHCV. I just want to understand what 
percentage of your LCV sales now is coming from the recently launched Saathi product. And 
also, in terms of pipeline, I think we have been working towards launching a sub-2-ton LCV. I 
just want to understand if you are able to share any color on potential timing of that launch, how 
you are looking at that? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes, Chandra, thank you for those questions. As far as SAATHI is concerned, SAATHI, like I 
said, is really doing well. Actually, it is doing beyond our expectations. We were hoping that it 
will reach 1,000 units a month within 5 or 6 months of launch. But it has crossed that number 
quite significantly. Our average LCV sales is roughly in the 2-4 ton category is roughly 6,000 
units. And already about 22%-25% sales is Saathi now. And therefore, we are very hopeful. 
Another important point is that we were a little bit concerned that it may cannibalize some of 
those sales, which has not happened, right. So cannibalization is there, but to a very low number, 
like a single digit number, a low single digit number. So basically, SAATHI has been able to 
address a white space for us. That is what the data is telling us. And I think we have very smartly 
positioned it. Although we cannot call it theoretically a sub-2-ton product, but it is actually 
playing in that market. And that a lot of sub-2-ton customers who had purchased their vehicles 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
earlier, 5 years, 10 years ago. They are now looking to replace the vehicle. And since the market 
demand and other dynamics have changed, they want to upgrade that vehicle. They want more 
loading capacity, loading space. They want better power and torque. They want more comforts, 
more safety, etc., and that is what SAATHI offers. That is how SAATHI is positioned to take 
care of the, not the entry-level sub-2-ton customers, but the customers who are replacing their 
vehicles now, providing them a very good spot at the premium end of the sub-2-ton. So I think 
the strategy is working quite well. Now, whether we would like to expand SAATHI range to 
bring it down to specific sub-2-ton, which means like a 1-ton payload or something like that, 
that is still under consideration. But SAATHI is doing its job. That is what we believe as far as 
the sub-2-ton market is concerned, because there is hardly any cannibalization with those Dost 
and Bada Dost. 
Chandramouli: 
Got it. That is helpful. Second question is just around, I think, accounting in the quarter looks 
like other expenses control has been pretty strong. We have had pretty good Q-o-Q revenue 
growth, but other expenses have actually come down. Just want to understand what the drivers 
were there. And also on the other income, looks like there is a pickup in other income this 
quarter. Just want to understand if that is the new sustainable rate or if there is any one-off there? 
K. M. Balaji: 
Actually, Chandramouli, you are right. I will take this opportunity in this question to just 
communicate that - my request will be for all of you look at the profit before exceptional items 
and tax, not post the exceptional items and tax. If you look at before exceptional items and tax, 
it is about 23% higher. Last year, we had the benefit of this investment valuation done, and one 
of the companies where we have invested and we got about Rs. 117 crores of gain there, which 
has got accounted. And in the current year, we had to provide for one of the long pending 
litigations towards, which I will not be able to name the details or give the details. So we have 
provided. So if you compare year-on-year, it will be Rs. 157 crore of a drop. So don't compare 
the PAT, because PAT is at the same level, but you have this Rs. 157 crore of negative variance, 
which is there. But you should factor that also in. And your observation on this other expenditure 
going up is quite correct. We have exercised control on all areas of expenses. And all the 
expenses, I would say that the production, sales and administration overheads, we have been 
having a tighter control on that, which is visible now. And your observation and your question 
on this other income, why it is higher. In the current financial year, we have fair valued 
investments of Switch India and one of the other subsidiary companies, which has resulted in 
about Rs. 50 crores of an income. Other than that, there are no one-offs in this other income. 
Chandramouli: 
All right, that is helpful. And just lastly, I think some of the senior financiers have been 
suggesting that after the GST cuts, they have not seen as much impact on their ticket sizes of 
loads. I think they have suggested that maybe the discount rates in the CV industry might have 
come down. And then that might be one of the reasons. So could that mean that there might be 
some positive margin potential in the near term for the CV industry in general? And just as we 
are talking about pricing, I wanted to understand related to that, the AC cabin related cost hike, 
is there potential to pass some of those cost hikes on to customers now that demand looks to be 
slowly picking up versus the first half? 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
K. M. Balaji: 
In fact, your question on this AC cost hike, in fact, we have passed it on to the customers. That 
is why the margins are holding out, Chandru. We have passed it on to the customers. Otherwise, 
your margins will drop. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
And maybe, Chandra, I will just point out to one more thing that we are actually very hopeful 
of, both in terms of our ability to garner better market share and also look at better margins as 
well which is all these new products that we have been working on for the last couple of years. 
They all are going to be in the market in Q3 and Q4 timeframe. So just to mention a couple of 
those, one on the truck side is this new product range that we have developed with our own in-
house engine, which now brings our ability to up the power and torque from right now 250 
horsepower to go up to 320 and 360 horsepower. Now, these are very unique and differentiating 
products because the peak torque that this engine or this vehicle will be offering is going to be 
at least 20%-30% better than the average of the market or even the best of the market, I would 
say. And therefore, this will create a very unique proposition for us in the market, especially in 
the segments where customers are looking either for a higher tax or for some other difficult 
segments where the loads are higher or the terrain is tougher, like in mines, etc. Because there, 
the key factor is not necessarily mileage, but the key factor is turnaround time, which is based 
on the fact that how fast the truck can go with a particular load in a bad terrain. So I think we 
are very hopeful and these products would definitely be positioned on a premium side. I would 
say these will command the best prices in the market. That is how we are positioning them. And 
therefore, that will also help us gain some margins, not maybe immediately, but I would say 
within the next 2-3 quarters, we will see some margin accretion happening from these new 
products also. Similarly, on the bus side, we are launching a new bus, 13.5 meter with 6 cylinder 
4 valve engine, which is in high demand right now. And also we are launching a very unique 
product called a 15 meter bus, which has the highest sleeper capacity. So I think the kind of 
products that we have lined up for Q3 and Q4 will not just help us in garnering better market 
share, but also help us on the margins also. And it also goes in line with our premiumization 
theory that we have been trying to establish within Ashok Leyland for the last few months now. 
Chandramouli: 
Thank you very much and all the best. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Yes, thanks. So this is Pramod from UBS. And congratulations on a strong operational 
performance. I couldn't but notice the fact that your EBITDA for this quarter is higher than the 
whole of FY '22 with just 40% of the volume. So I think indeed a great job, especially on the 
cost side. I wanted some clarification on Chandru’s question on discounting post-GST. So was 
the response that you are seeing discounting trends getting better post-GST cut or the status quo 
remains on discounting? 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
K. M. Balaji: 
I think Pramod, it is too early to say. Most of the orders that we had been fulfilling in October 
were actually frozen or dealt with prior to the GST effect. So those deals were in works from 
that time because these do take about a month or more to finalize, right. But theoretically you 
are right, and we are also hoping that the discounting trend should be better because there is a 
10% reduction in the price and 10% is not small, right and therefore, it should happen. But 
finally, it depends on various other factors. It is not just a price issue, right. It is also the manner 
in which the deals are done in the market. There are limited players in every deal, right. So it is 
very easy for customers to play one against the other, etc. So let us just see. But yes, theoretically, 
it should help. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And can I get some understanding on your return ratios? Because the way you are keeping a lid 
on the cost control, cost side and the way your margins are ramping up. And you talked about 
you significantly improve your operational performance. So if you can just talk about how are 
the financial metrics looking of the first half of this year in terms of ROCE and ROE numbers 
and where are we on the cash levels? 
K. M. Balaji: 
Thank you for asking this question. ROCE, Return on Capital Employed, we are at about 34% 
last year and return on equity is about 32.5%. These are all published numbers. And for the first 
half of the current financial year, we will be tied low because 40% happens in the first half and 
60% happens in the second half. And on the cash side, the surplus, the cash surplus situation, 
this, in fact, Shenu did mention it in his opening remarks. We continue with Rs. 1,000 crores of 
favorable cash situation throughout the year. And when you compare it to the same period last 
year, we were at about Rs. 500 crores of debt. Now, we are at Rs. 1,000 crores of cash. So there 
is a Rs. 1,500 crores of advantageous situation. So, we continue to have this net cash position. I 
think if we manage this quarter with the same kind of cash position, and in 4th quarter, we expect 
good demand and good cash addition to the existing cash situation. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
And from operating business also, you see our operating working capital. We have been able to 
reduce a lot of it in the last one year timeframe. Look at the receivables in particular, I think 
there is a Rs. 500 crore reduction in receivables only in the last 1 year from September 24 to 
September 25. So we are running several projects on better cash management, cost management. 
And we believe there is still a lot of potential left even in inventory ratios, inventory turnover, 
receivables, there is a lot more juice that is left. 
Pramod Kumar: 
No, good to hear that. And continuing on the margin side, any thoughts on the commodity 
basket? We have seen some movement on the precious metal side, aluminum. But when you 
look at your commodity basket, how do you see that playing out in the near term? I had one last 
question on the promoter pledge. But yes, I will come to that after this question and response? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
On the commodity side, we think Q3 will be better than Q2. We are already having those 
indications that we will have some advantage in Q3 over Q2. How much we will see because 
that gets determined during the third or the second week of December. But we are seeing trends 
that Q3 will be better as far as commodity costs are concerned than Q2. So we will have some 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
margin uptake from there as well in Q3 at least. Now, it is hard to say how Q4 will respond, will 
be in terms of commodity prices. But we don't see a major reason to get concerned even for Q4 
right now. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And any update on the promoter pledge? Because we did talk about not letting it go higher even 
after the IndusInd Bank development. So any update there? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
We don't have the exact numbers right now. But what we can tell you is what we have been 
telling you, whenever we talk to the promoters, we find them fully committed to Ashok Leyland. 
So that should not be a concern at all. I think they are trying to reduce the pledge shares. Some 
reduction has already happened, I think in the recent past, but they are committed to reduce it 
further. So that is what we know. Other than that, we don't have any further information about 
this. 
Pramod Kumar: 
No issue, sir. Thanks a lot and wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Amit Hiranandani from Phillip Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, it has been noticed that since last 15-16 quarters, the 
EBITDA margin on Y-o-Y basis has been continuously, consistently improving. So that is a 
commendable job for the management. So my first question is basically, anything to read into 
the working capital, which seems to have increased resulting to negative OCR? 
K. M. Balaji: 
No, actually, working capital, we have been working on consistently. As Shenu did mention 
about the reduction, which has happened while answering for the previous question. We have 
been working on three aspects on the working capital - One is the receivables, the second one is 
on the inventory and the third one is, of course, payables. Payables, we don't have much of option 
left. On the inventory and the receivables, we have worked. And on the receivable side, certainly, 
we have worked and we have reduced about Rs. 500 crores on the receivables alone when you 
compare it to the same period last year. On the inventory, again, we will not be able to bring it 
down at the year opening level because we would require to maintain a minimum level of 
inventory during the year to meet the increase in the demand. As this was also explained by 
Shenu earlier, that October month volume has been quite robust. There has been an increase, 
7%. So to meet these kinds of increases, we need to have the inventory levels at the required 
levels. So we may have to maintain. But all this, we are closely monitoring and we are 
performing much better if you look at the same period last year. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Amit, just to add to this, since we are in a seasonal kind of a market, our numbers in the quarters, 
in different quarters vary quite a bit. So it is better to compare operating working capital with 
the same point in time last year rather than year beginning. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Noted, sir. Sir, the second question is within small commercial vehicles. So Ashok Leyland, how 
much presence we have and do you see any product gaps, especially in the 2-5 ton segment and 
any plans for the launches here? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
No, actually, 2-4 ton is a major part of the segment, which is more than 50% of the overall 
market. But within this 2-4 ton, we don't think we have any gaps. I could think of only one gap, 
which is like the absence of a bi-fuel product. But so far, some of the parts of the country, 
especially the NCR region and some parts of Mumbai and even Gujarat, they have shifted to bi-
fuel. And bi-fuel is becoming very popular, which is a combination of either CNG and petrol or 
CNG and diesel. Diesel is a backup. Now, we didn't have that product in the portfolio, but I am 
happy to report that within the next 1 or 2 quarters, we will be launching that product as well. 
Actually, the product is ready completely, but we are just testing it to make sure that all boxes 
are ticked before we launch the product. But in 2 to 5 ton, we are sufficiently covered. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Just a follow-up on this small commercial vehicle, like what is the presence we have across the 
North-East and West-South region and what are the plans for the network expansion here? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Listen, we have really expanded. We are very focused on expansion of network. We know that 
we have to do a much better job as far as network presence is concerned in North, East and 
Central. But we are very happy with the progress we have made. Just giving you some ballpark 
numbers, like MHCV, our network presence two years ago, like end of FY '24, we were at 800 
touchpoints. And now we are roughly close to 1100 touchpoints now. Similarly, in LCV, we are 
at roughly 900 touchpoints and we used to be at 600 touchpoints. Also, in LCV, we have 
appointed 2300 plus ALTTs, which we call Ashok Leyland Trained Technician, which are third-
party technician, but getting to our products with our branding and stuff like that. So I think on 
network, we have really put a lot of effort and a lot of focus. And it is not just in the quantity, 
but we are also improving the quality of the network in a lot many different ways. I have spoken 
to you about Project Dhruv, which is one of our flagship projects. And what we are trying to do 
in that project is to benchmark our service processes with the global best. Even the car industry, 
we are benchmarking that how we can improve our customer experience, how we can improve 
our turnaround time in workshops, how we can improve the first time right repairs, how we can 
strengthen our mechanics with the right information using tools such as AI and analytics, how 
we can digitize the whole service operations in our 1000 workshops. So this project I think is 
going to, although it is going to take some more time, maybe 12-18 months to fully embrace all 
the improvements. But I think it is going to be a game changer for us in future. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Right. Sir, lastly, one last question, basically, if you can throw some idea on industry's truck 
utilization level, and how do you see it trending in the H2? Also, if you can throw some light on 
the present Ashok Leyland’s inventory and price increases any, if you have taken any in Q2? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Price increase in Q2 was not there, there was no specific price increase action. But of course, we 
have a theory of trying to gather better NSR, either through mix or through reduction in 
discounts. And that has happened to some extent, and that effort will continue in the future. At 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
the right time, we will take a look whether we can increase the price also. That may not happen 
in Q3, but we will see if we can do it in Q4 or in Q1 of next year. But yes, we are very focused 
on improving the NSR through mix as well. Now, you know that we had lost some market share 
in Tipper where our margins are really very high. This is one of the segments where we command 
the highest margins in percentage and absolute sense. And Tipper, we had lost some market 
share. And since we are launching the 320, 360 HP Tippers, we do hope that we will make a big 
comeback in the Tipper segment with improved market share. And therefore, that would also 
help us in the margin mix. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Just on the industries truck utilization level, if you have any idea? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
The truck utilization is not bad, in the times of monsoon use, you know that it dips about 10 
percentage points or sometimes even more in some areas. But right now, we will say that it is 
very stable. And if the demand continues, like it has shown in October or the latter half of 
September, then we think the utilization will continue to improve during the year. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
All the best. Thank you so much. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Thank you, Amit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Raghunandan from Nuvama Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Raghunandan: 
Congratulations, sir, on strong numbers. Firstly, on exports, you indicated growth in GCC, 
SAARC, and Africa, how do you see the growth now on a full year basis and share of exports 
has come to 7%-8% of revenue in Q2. How do you see this share increasing over the next 2-3 
years? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes, Raghu, on the export side, you remember I think about 3 years ago, our volume used to be 
8,000. And when we had the Investor Day, we said this is one of the focus area and our mid-
term target is going to be 25,000 units. So I think we have progressed very well. I think since 
FY '22. And last year, our volume was 15,000 plus in exports and this year, we are targeting 
about 18,000 units in the exports. This year, Balaji told you that we have grown more than 35%+ 
so far in H1. And therefore, to achieve 18,000 units over a base of 15-15.5 should be achievable. 
Now, of course, the next couple of years or maybe 3 years, we would definitely like to touch 
that 25,000 mark as well. Exports, as you are aware, the margins are fantastic and therefore, it 
also helps us in the margin equation. 
Raghunandan: 
Good to hear that, sir. On the CAPEX side, first half was Rs. 658 crores and there were no 
investments in first half. How do you see the full year number for CAPEX and investment and 
also a little bit color on the areas of utilization of CAPEX? 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
K. M. Balaji: 
Raghu, thanks for your question. CAPEX, as we have guided earlier, it could be between Rs. 
800 and Rs. 1,000 crores. That could be the thing. You can expect around Rs. 1,000 crores of 
CAPEX which is getting incurred. This year, as we had already indicated, we are pursuing our 
CAPEX expenditure plan relating to the center of excellence which we have established as well 
as Shenu spoke about the higher horsepower engine nodes development. So we are incurring 
CAPEX towards all these things and one more thing which I should register here is that we have 
also gone ahead and purchased a piece of land which is next to our corporate office building. It 
is about five grounds where we would construct a corporate office, another building of our own. 
So all these put together got reflected in that 658 and you can expect about Rs. 1,000 crores of 
CAPEX getting incurred in the current financial year. And on the investment side, it depends on 
the requirement of the associates and the group companies. We see some requirement coming in 
for our group company covering home and the Hinduja Leyland Finance, if they require capital. 
You would have seen the growth in the AUM of Hinduja Leyland Finance. So there is plenty of 
business opportunity and their business opportunities are restricted with the availability of the 
cash, availability of the money and the Tier-1 capital is also pretty low where RBI has been 
insisting on the requirement of more investment in Hinduja Leyland Finance. So, depending on 
the requirement, we will invest. But I don't foresee anything beyond Rs. 500 crores at this point 
of time. 
Raghunandan: 
Thank you, sir. And just on the Hinduja Finance, any timeline for listing? That is my last 
question? 
K. M. Balaji: 
Timeline, we said in the earlier conference call that it could take a minimum of the Q1 of the 
next financial year. That will be the minimum time limit which will be required. 
Raghunandan: 
Thank you, sir. Wishing you all the best. 
K. M. Balaji: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pramod from Incred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pramod: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Wanted to know for Hinduja Leyland Finance, what is the mix of 
small truck operators and the large truck operators in the disbursement AUM? 
K. M. Balaji: 
Actually, the commercial vehicle finance is only, I would say, a decent portion in their overall 
finance portfolio. They finance other areas also. They have a housing arm also, Hinduja Housing 
Finance, which does the funding of about Rs. 16,000 crores. And they also do the funding on 
the other areas, heavy earth equipments, two-wheelers and to a certain extent on the three-
wheeler also. So their entire portfolio is not fully CV. They are into other businesses also. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Pramod: 
The reason to ask you is also how are you seeing the behavior in the small truck guys? Do you 
see their profitability improving and hence the loan servicing is much superior in the recent 
weeks, months? Any color on that? 
K. M. Balaji: 
We don't see any kind of spurt in the delinquency or the provisioning in this Hinduja Leyland 
Finance as well as in the Hinduja Housing Finance. Their GNPA and NNPA are at, I would say, 
at very reasonable levels. 
Pramod: 
And the second one is with regard to Switch, what new products we need to look forward to in 
the second half or FY '27 to sustain this momentum? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes. So on the Switch side, we have been working on 2 or 3 new products, which are very critical 
for us to expand the business. One was a 9 meter. So 9 meter was coming in two different 
formats. One is the standard floor, the other one is the low floor. We are very close to launching 
those products now in the market. There is a lot of quantity of 9 meter available through the 
PME drive tender also, where we will be bidding on 14th of November. And hopefully, if we 
win some of those tenders, this 9 meter will really add up to our expansion plans in Switch. Also, 
we are working on 1 or 2 nodes in the trucks, in the light commercial vehicle trucks. So that 
should happen ideally in FY '27. We are also working on a smaller bus, smaller than 9 meter, 
which should also happen in FY '27 or early FY '28. Also, we are now shifting the production 
of our E1 bus, which is the European and UK bus, electric bus to RAK. I think we spoke about 
this last time also, because the UK facility was, the cost structure was very high and it was very 
unviable to produce buses in UK. And therefore, we have now decided to shift the production to 
RAK. So I think these are the 4 or 5 new products that we are looking forward. That should help 
us increase the sales volume and the topline at Switch. 
Pramod: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Yes, thanks. So congrats for a decent set of numbers. A few questions. One, sir, the exports 
moving from 12,000-18,000 and then in next 2-3 years’ outlook towards 25,000. That is 
fabulous. So you said the GCC and African markets driving, but what suddenly picked up this 
fiscal that growth was almost 35% in first half, which is a humongous percentage terms. And 
those developments going ahead to reach 25,000 in next 3 years, then the growth will also taper 
down. So if you can explain us the parts of what changed this year to drive such a growth and 
also higher margin businesses? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes, Basu, let me first clarify that while we have achieved 35% in H1, we are still saying that 
we will achieve, our target is to achieve 20% CAGR for next 3 years, right. So there will be 
some periods where we will do more than 20. Maybe there are some periods, we will do slightly 
less than 20. But our target is to grow 20% per year so that we can reach that 25,000 number 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
from last year's 15,000. So I think there are two things working in our favor here. One is that 
GCC, we are present there for last 20 years as well as in SAARC. And we have established these 
as our home markets. So we have investments in local production. We have investments in local 
supply chain. We have very strong partners for distribution and service. And this is all playing 
to our advantage now. The other part is that we are developing products specifically tuned to 
these markets more and more. We are doing so. The base product is still our Indian product, but 
we are making a lot of changes to make these products suitable for the local market. So we even 
have like a small R&D center, for example, in RAK, which is continuously in touch with the 
local people and the local customers to see what kind of requirements are forthcoming. So, I 
would say it is the product's suitability to the market, our long-time presence, the trust that 
customers impose on us. And the third would be our acute focus to grow exports. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure, sir. That is great. Second, sir, if you can quantify the initial speech you said, which was 
EBITDA and PAT positive in first half, if we can quantify that? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Basu, we don't normally reveal those numbers. Let the company grow to a sizable volume on 
the topline, and then we will start sharing those. But the target, next level target is to make it free 
cash flow positive by FY '27. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
That is great. The third question is somewhat in continuation with the question asked earlier. So 
now with confidence of fleet owners, sentiment improving, freight rates moving in the right 
direction, and GST cut reducing capital cost, freight demand sentiment improving. So under that 
background, what is the discounting situation now, and what is the potential reduction further, 
which would give us some visibility of margin accretion quantification? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes, I think Pramod from UBS also asked this question. And what we had responded for that 
question was that it is too early. Theoretically speaking, discounting should come down because 
there is a huge reduction in the price related to GST. But we will have to see how the market 
behaves, how the customers are behaving. But if the trends of demand continues to be what we 
have seen in October which is much better growth than what we have seen in September, I think 
there will be then opportunities to see how we can increase the prices also at some point in time 
or reduce the discounts. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
That is great. And if I can chip in with the last question, like one of the key market leaders now 
acquiring a global CV maker, which will also give them access to manufacture higher gross 
vehicle weight commercial vehicles. In India, typically on the higher end of HCV, we are limited 
to 45-48 ton gross vehicle weight models, whereas the tonnage moves up, fixed cost per ton for 
fleet owner reduces. So do we see the need to go beyond 50 GVW ton trucks down the line? Or 
do you see a market in India evolving in that segment? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes, Basu, unfortunately, the GVW is not our choice. It is limited by regulation. The maximum 
we can go to is 55 and that is for tractor trailer only. And for the rest of the segments, we can go 
only up to 48. Yes, so that is by regulation, we cannot improve. But what we can do is definitely 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
improve the turnaround time, improve the average speed since the highways are much better 
now. If a truck was running at 40 km per hour average, we can see if it can run at 50 km per hour 
average. And therefore, the utilization of the truck or the revenues it generates on a monthly 
basis or a quarterly annual basis would be much better. So that requires higher power and torque. 
And definitely, now we have in Ashok Leyland, I can tell you that we have our technology and 
product roadmaps very well laid out for the next 10-15 years as to what we are going to do for 
each segment in terms of not just performance or aggregates or chassis, but also in terms of 
safety, comfort and a host of other things. So we can tell you with confidence that we have been 
a technology leader and we would like to maintain that position of being a technology leader in 
the CV space. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Great, sir. All the best. Thanks. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take that as the last question for today's conference. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
No, I just wanted to thank you once again. Thank you for your trust in Ashok Leyland. I know 
you have huge expectations from us as we continue to deliver, but our management is very 
focused. I think our mantra is, of course, profitable growth. But within that profitable growth, 
we are working on making sure that we are a very lean company. We stay a very lean company. 
So there is acute focus on every penny of cost that we manage. Also, we are on a premiumization 
route, which means that we would continuously bring in products that are more differentiated, 
that are at the higher end of the value chain, and therefore we can command better and better 
prices. And definitely on the third side, I would say that we will continue to be focused on cash 
as well. We really want to generate a lot of cash to be able to invest in the future. But thank you 
again for your time and thank you for joining us today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. This brings the conference to an end. On behalf of BNP Paribas Securities India 
Private Limited, we thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
