 
 
 
Date: 03.11.2025 
To 
Corporate RelaƟons Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001, India 
Scrip Code: 543989 
To 
LisƟng Manager, 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051, India 
Symbol: KALAMANDIR 
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference call held to discuss the results Q2 FY 2025-26 
With reference to the above-menƟoned subject, we wish to inform that, 
1. The Copy of Transcript of the conference call held on Tuesday, October 28, 2025 to discuss the 
results of the Quarter and Half year ended September 2025 is enclosed herewith. 
2. The Transcript also uploaded on the Company’s website and the website link of the same is: 
htps://sskl.co.in/wp-content/uploads/2025/11/Q2-FY-26-post-earning-call-Transcript.pdf    
3. The list of management atendees is stated in the Transcript. 
4. No unpublished price sensiƟve informaƟon was discussed in the call. 
 
This is for your informaƟon and records. 
 
For Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
M.K.Bhaskara Teja 
Company Secretary & Compliance oﬃcer 
M.No:  A39542 
 
 
 
 
 
MATTE KOTI 
BHASKARA TEJA
Digitally signed by MATTE 
KOTI BHASKARA TEJA 
Date: 2025.11.03 14:00:35 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
Q2 FY 2025-'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. R. BHARADWAJ – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT – SAI 
SILKS (KALAMANDIR) LIMITED 
MR. K.V.L.N. SARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SAI 
SILKS (KALAMANDIR) LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited Q2 FY 2025-'26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bharadwaj, Senior Vice President from Sai Silks Kalamandir 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited, I welcome you all 
to our Q2 FY '25-'26 and half yearly FY '25-'26 Earnings Conference Call. I'm joined today by Mr. 
K.V.L.N. Sarma, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
To start off, I would like to give you an overview of the market. The ethnic retail market witnessed 
a healthy traction of strong wedding dates pipeline in Q2 FY '26. This particular quarter has benefited 
from occasion and festive demand, which has contributed to a stronger consumer demand, converting 
a stronger footfall to our stores. 
 
The consumer sentiment also remained upbeat with notable growth across these categories. Shoppers 
started making bulk purchases with gifting also becoming a major sales driver. There has been a rise 
in digital recovery, where consumers and customers… 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you sir, but your line is breaking. So, I'll reconnect you quickly. Ladies and 
gentlemen, thank you for your patience. We have the line from the management reconnected. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Thank you, Boomika. So, I'll quickly start the opening remarks again. Apologies on that. So good 
morning, everyone. On behalf of SSKL, I welcome you all to Q2 FY '25-'26 and half yearly FY '25-
'26 Earnings Conference Call. I'm joined today by Mr. K.V.L.N. Sarma, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Let me start off by giving you an overview on the market. In this particular quarter, ethnic retail 
market witnessed healthy traction. The quarter benefited from a favourable wedding calendar and 
the early onset of festivities, both of which contributed to a stronger consumer demand. Consumer 
sentiment also remained upbeat with notable growth coming across wedding wear and occasion wear 
categories, where SSKL operates the most. 
 
Shoppers also started making bulk purchases with gifting becoming a major sales driver. In this 
particular quarter, we've also seen increased footfalls across all our stores and formats. There has 
also been a rise in digital discovery, where consumers are increasingly starting their shopping 
journey online even if they make the final purchase in stores. Retailers are also doubling down on 
their unified online/offline presence. 
 
With respect to SSKL's business update, over the last 2 years, we have added close to 1.5 lakh square 
feet of new retail space as part of our expansion strategy. These stores are currently at varying stages 
of maturity and steadily ramping up their performance quarter-on-quarter. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
The wedding and festive collections especially witnessed strong traction across our four states of 
South Indian market and therefore, has given increased footfall, reflecting consistent consumer 
loyalty, sentiment and engagements. 
 
We are also closely listening to our market trends and enhancing our digital presence across multiple 
social platforms to make our brand more accessible. These initiatives are enabling easier product 
discovery and fostering stronger and more meaningful engagement with our customers and to have 
a unified shopping experience of what they see on social media towards what they can actually find 
it in our stores. 
 
During the first half of the year, we added approximately 33,000 square feet of retail space through 
six new store openings, and we have no store closures. We further strengthened our retail network 
by converting a few of our existing stores into our Valli format stores, bringing the total number of 
Valli format store count to seven stores. 
 
Valli format, as discussed, is designed to cater to the evolving consumer preferences, while staying 
true and core to our product offering, which is quality sarees at affordable prices. Today, our retail 
presence spans to 7.5 lakh square feet of retail area with 74 stores spread across 22 cities in four 
states, which reflects a strong and continued commitment to our regional growth and accessibility. 
 
With respect to our Q2 financial performance, our revenue stood at INR 444 crores compared to INR 
347 crores last year, a growth of about 28%. Our EBITDA stood at 16.21% compared to 15.95%, an 
increase of about 26 basis points compared to last year quarter 2. We achieved a PAT of INR 40 
crores this quarter compared to INR 23.75 crores last year of Q2. The same-store sales growth also 
for this quarter stood at 17.5%. 
 
For the half year FY '25-'26, our revenue stood at INR 823 crores compared to INR 614 crores last 
year, marking a growth of about 34%. EBITDA for H1 stood at 15.68% compared to 12%, a 
significant increase of about 368 basis points. Our PAT for H1 stood at INR 70 crores compared to 
INR 26 crores last year, marking a significant increase of about 430 basis points. Our SSG for the 
half year stood at 21.5 percentage. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain very optimistic about the second half of the year, supported by the major 
festive season and the wedding calendar. Quarter 3 and quarter 4 traditionally has a healthy 
contribution, and we are well prepared with curated festive collections, localized marketing 
campaigns and inventory planning. 
 
Our focus remains on sustainable growth, balancing expansion with profitability and deepening our 
engagement through product innovation and digital integration and spanning our presence one city 
at a time, one state at a time. 
 
We are now happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Nitin Jain from FairValue Investment Advisors. 
Nitin Jain: 
Congratulations on a very good quarter. I have a few questions, sir. So most of the stores that the 
company has added in the first half of this year are of Valli Silks, which is a comparatively lower-

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
margin format. So how do we see this impacting our margins going forward? And also, how do we 
plan to utilize the remaining IPO funds that we have? If you can answer it, I have a few more 
questions. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Sure. Valli Silks has a unique product positioning, unique brand positioning, I would say. This format 
is envisioned to the changing consumer preferences, a lot of our consumers are now finding easier 
accessible forms to shop, where the digital presence is very stronger. So Valli Silks is envisioned to 
have a digital-first shopping experience, where they're able to identify the products and see the 
products online, much before they walk into our stores. 
 
And we do have a Valli store back in 2022, '23. We had one such experimental store, which was 
actually mentioned in our DRHP as well. This store was in Rajahmundry. So, we have been 
collecting the data from this particular format ever since and has been yielding a good consumer 
response. 
 
So, what we have done is like in quarter 1 last year, I think we have also made some commentary 
that we will be doubling down on our Valli Silks format. And this format, I think we have opened 
about like four stores this quarter, as you rightly said. And we also have converted three of our 
existing stores to Valli store format, taking the total store count to seven. 
 
With our experience in this quarter with these seven stores, we have been getting a very good traction 
with respect to the overall product positioning as well as the consumer acceptance as well. these 
stores are relatively quicker to expand, 3000 square feet to 3,500 square feet is the average size of 
Valli store. It's quicker to expand. 
 
We are able to reduce our capex costs by about 20%, 25%. The inventory requirement is also a little 
bit leaner than the other formats. So, this format has been customized to see a rapid expansion 
growth. 
 
Now while temporarily, this particular format commands a lesser margin, on a longer perspective, 
we should be able to bring the margins up. But we are very early in the market and the primary 
objective for us too is to get the brands penetrated deep to our consumers. 
 
So, until that time happens, maybe a couple of quarters, we should be aware of comparatively lower 
margin. But on a broader perspective, I think this format can command easy penetration to multiple 
markets and geographies. So, that's the overall plan for Valli right now.  
KVLN Sarma: 
I'm Sarma here. And in addition to that, . I wish to clarify that the Varamahalakshmi expansion has 
not been put on hold. Only during this festival season because this Valli format can be brought to 
operations within 20, 25 days, we are focused on it. 
 
Already, there are two Varamahalakshmi stores are in capital work in progress and another three are 
there for implementation during H2. In fact, against the 25 stores that we stated in DRHP for 
Varamahalakshmi format, 19 are operational and two are on work in progress. And we are trying to 
complete the balance also. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
Varamahalakshmi from the IPO funds will be completed as per the schedule only. In fact, in the 
RHP, we have also mentioned that we will put up another five Kalamandir stores which are small 
format stores. Since Valli is on Kalamandir format only, only five stores are being funded from IPO 
funds. And any additional Valli format stores that we are bringing in, depending on the business 
requirement at this point of time will be through internal resources. 
 
So, we can say that beyond the five, the Valli formats will be in addition to the expansion envisaged 
in our IPO objectives. hope I am clear. 
Nitin Jain: 
Right. That's very helpful, sir. and just a couple more questions. What are your thoughts on asset-
light expansion and by that, I mean, what are you thinking about franchising of stores and my last 
question is on payables. If I compare them to the March ' 25 numbers, they have increased quite 
significantly. So, if you could provide some color on this? 
KVLN Sarma: 
I will explain the payable part first. As you must have seen, because of the festival season, of course, 
any time even in earlier years also end September, we will be having a lot of stock because of 
festivals like Dasara, Dipavali and also the wedding season that would be coming in during that 
period viz., Q3. 
It will normally be immediately after that Pitru Paksha i.e., during later part of, August and the early 
part of September. So, there will be huge purchases of merchandise to meet the requirements of 
Dasara, Diwali and the marriage season. So, September inventory vis-a-vis September purchases 
would always be high. And since bills for these purchases have not become due, you are seeing an 
enhanced level of payables. 
So as on 30th September, we have purchased substantial quantities and the bills will be paid by the 
due dates and consequently the creditors levels would come down. When we come back to the annual 
closing, the creditors levels will substantially come down or suitably come down since these bills 
having become due, would be paid. Thus, at that one particular point of time i.e., by end September, 
there were huge purchases to meet the festival and wedding demand and –the respective bills were 
not become due at this point of time - hence you are seeing a higher figure of creditors on that point. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
With respect to the asset-light expansion mode, I think if you're referring to Valli as a format, I think 
this format is relatively much newer. It's just like in an infant stage. We are focused on at least seeing 
a couple of quarters before we build an actual business model out of it. At this point of time, we are 
not looking at any franchisee-based expansion. 
Nitin Jain: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
So first of all, sir, at the outset congratulations on a good set of numbers including the P&L as well 
as the good cash flows. Sir, my questions are with regards to the gross margin. We have maintained 
our gross margins around 42%. And based on now the increased contribution coming from 
Varamahalakshmi where we opened stores in the last year in Tamil Nadu? 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
And those the productivity of those stores must be improving further from about 29,000, which you 
mentioned in quarter 1 concall. So, do we expect some improvement on the gross margin given the 
increased contribution from Varamahalakshmi store format going ahead? 
KVLN Sarma: 
Yes. See, now we are concentrating on the productivity aspect. Second quarter, we realized that the 
productivity has improved to approximately INR35,000 per square feet on the expanded capacity. 
So, the objective, as you know, is to achieve a productivity in the range of about INR45,000 to 
INR50,000. So perhaps in the third quarter or by the end of fourth quarter, we should be reaching 
the objective of achieving the optimal productivity. 
And then when once the client profile is fully established and we are able to achieve the productivity 
aspects suitable to the format, then we shall slowly improve the margin profile on that. Currently, 
since the stores are on a maturity process, taking a higher margin at this point of time may affect 
productivity aspect. So, we are planning to continue with around 42 plus or minus kind of a margin 
profile for the current year and focus more on the productivity aspect. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. Sir, in the current quarter the other expenses have seen a sharp increase to almost INR61 crores. 
So, is this related to additional stores or is it related to higher amount of marketing investment given 
the festive season? How do we look at this number of other expenses of INR61 crores? 
KVLN Sarma: 
Business promotion expenses have increased by approximately INR6 crores to INR7 crores 
comprising basically the redeemable vouchers etc. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Yes, customer vouchers. 
KVLN Sarma: 
Customer vouchers, etcetera. And infact, consequently, we have seen an increased output out of 
KLM. In fact, KLM has done around INR125 crores this quarter against INR100 crores last year. 
So, KLM is slowly coming back on to the rails. And only the additional thing that has come in other 
expenses is this encashment of vouchers during this quarter. That is to the extent of around INR7 
crores. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. The benefit of which should come in the next two quarters or so. 
KVLN Sarma: 
Correct. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. Last question, sir, on the sales side. if you take the last four quarter numbers, so the first half 
itself gives us almost 15% growth for the full year. So, our initial target of 15% growth for the current 
year, given the first half sales is already done. So, given the good wedding season ahead, can we 
expect that overall sales target for the current year should be much higher than that 15% target? 
KVLN Sarma: 
Definitely, it should be more than 15%. But last year, third quarter was a big quarter, the highest 
quarter for us thus far. So, there may not be an increase to the extent of 20% or so during third quarter 
and fourth quarter. On a broader perspective, in the last year, in the second half, we did about INR850 
crores. We should be doing in the range of about INR925 crores or so, on a total company level, it 
should come to approximately INR1,750 crores.  

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
And that will end up anywhere between 18% to 20% on an overall growth. And last year second 
half, we did a net profit of INR80 crores of course, removing that onetime income tax part. 
Operationally, we did about INR80 crores of net profit last year. So even if we repeat the same thing, 
then you know the figure. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. That's quite helpful. So that means on both profits and top line, you would be much higher than 
the earlier guided 15% and INR140 crores. 
KVLN Sarma: 
Correct.  
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. Thank you so much sir and all the best. Wish you good times ahead. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Arpit Shah from Stallion Asset. Please go 
ahead. 
Arpit Shah: 
Yes, I have a couple of questions. I'll just list out all my questions first. I just wanted to understand 
the Varamahalakshmi, what is the steady-state unit economics looking like over there? It's clearly 
been the growth engine for us for the last couple of years. Just wanted to understand what is our 
capital efficiency over there. And Valli Silks, which we have started, which is a new format for us.  
I just wanted to understand our strategy over there, why the pivot is happening now? What is the 
differentiation between Kalamandir and Mandir compared to Valli and what kind of unit numbers 
we are targeting in this format? And even on the debt and working capital side, we had a very tight 
control this quarter, working capital, you already explained some part of it.  
I wanted to understand how we're looking at that given the FY '26 end, how we should be looking at 
that number? We're almost debt-free now, at least this quarter, which has gone by. And you also 
gave some color around the second half. I do understand that Q3 last year was a big year, where 
Dasara and Diwali was clubbed in one quarter.  
But how should we look at this quarter, quarter 3, where Dasara has already happened and Diwali 
has happened just last month? What kind of trajectory we should be looking at in terms of revenues 
and margin this quarter because last quarter was a bit on high, should we start looking in building in 
about, let's say, INR550 crores of revenues this quarter. 
And on FY '27, if I could just put a highlight over there. if I just plug in the numbers that you have 
guided in the couple of past quarters, are you confident of hitting that INR 200 crores mark in terms 
of profit for FY '27? And how reasonable that estimate looks like because the execution momentum 
is really, really good for the last couple of quarters? And how should we build on to that? Those are 
my questions. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Sure. Arpit, I'll try to answer a couple of your questions here. If I probably miss out, you can let me 
know. 
Arpit Shah: 
Sure. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
See, in terms of the overall Varamahalakshmi, generally for capex requirements for 
Varamahalakshmi it is around INR5,500 per square feet. Now when you compare that with the Valli 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
format, we are averaging anywhere around INR3,750 to INR4,000. So, almost 20%, 25% of reduced 
capital is what requires for a Valli format. 
And in terms of the inventory also, Varamahalakshmi is a working capital heavy model, where a 
larger amount of inventory is required compared to Valli. 
Now with this particular format, Valli, at this point of time, since we are probably looking at just one 
full quarter of operations. And even in this one full quarter, where it is heavily dependent on this 
festive and wedding calendar filled quarter that has come. So probably if there is one or two more 
quarters of full operations, probably I can be able to comment you more on the kind of working 
capital requirements. 
But on the capital expenditure side, I think 20%, 25% of reduced capital expenditure and Valli in the 
inventory format-wise, at this point of time, to give you a guidance, we'll be in the same range as 
Kalamandir. So, that's the differentiation between a Varamahalakshmi and Valli. 
Now to your question of how is it different from Kalamandir, Brand Mandir, Varamahalakshmi, I'll 
give you a full like four, five brand difference here. So, Valli is that particular format, which is going 
to be digital first. 
Now in terms of product-wise, the kind of products that are there in Valli are heavily focused on 
power loom categories and entry-level price points of silk sarees. So, majority of our product 
offering, we don't heavily focus on handloom as a category. 
Since this particular format also has ethnic wear contribution, I think 20% of our collections will 
range above that INR7,000 to INR30,000 price range. Otherwise, majority of our product offering is 
less than INR4,000. So, that's the kind of price point, product offering and the brand positioning that 
we have for Valli. 
Now when you compare to a Kalamandir store, Kalamandir stores are positioned more like a family 
store, where there's menswear, kids wear, everything put together. And to a certain extent, it has that 
heritage of like last 20 years as a family store. So now Valli is that young new dynamic format, 
which is focused on the today's ways of doing business, which is digital first. That's the vision behind 
Valli format. 
I hope I was clear on the overall Valli brand positioning. And as I mentioned in the earlier also, I 
think this format is not a very new format that we just started are going aggressively. We have already 
opened one store back in the past, and we have been collecting some data points. And now we believe 
that this is the right time for us to expand further into not just Tier 1 stores, but in Tier 2, Tier 3 as 
well. 
Arpit Shah: 
So, Varamahalakshmi, you are targeting about INR20,000 inventory per square feet? And the early 
numbers would be, like, INR12,000, INR15,000 inventory per square feet? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
So, currently, as I did mention, it's too early for me to give a model. But yes, you can take a 
comparison of a Kalamandir kind of a metrics with respect to Valli's inventory. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
But on Varamahalakshmi side, you're right. I think INR20,000 a squarefeet is the kind of inventory 
requirement for Varamahalakshmi. So, you're right on quarter 3, quarter 4, historically, second half 
contributes higher than the first half contribution. So, the same is what we should be able to anticipate 
this year, just that we have a little bit of season change that has happened. 
Barring that, I don't anticipate any surprises in terms of wedding dates also, there is a healthy pipeline 
of wedding dates. So, there should not be any such external factors that stops us. 
I mean, especially last couple of days has been a little bad with the rains, especially in the Karnataka 
and Andhra market. But it's still a manageable problem. It's not huge. I mean, there is a cyclone that's 
going to come up in the next couple of days heavily affecting Andhra area. So, apart from these 
factors, overall, from the business standpoint of view, it still stands to be healthy. 
And to your last question of what will be our PAT guidance for FY '27. Later this year-end, we can 
probably giving you a guidance on the overall PAT number. But for the year later, we will still be 
focused to expand our retail square feet presence by about 8% to 10% of total retail square feet 
addition. 
And obviously, since we will be adding more Valli stores and Varamahalakshmi stores both, the 
profitability generally should be a little bit higher because of the operational efficiencies kicking in. 
And these stores, I would want to mention that the additional stores that are coming, there is a good 
pipeline number of stores coming in the existing four, five states also. So, the nature it works is that 
because it comes from the existing warehouse, the operational efficiency should be able to 
technically kick in. 
I don't want to probably comment on the exact INR200 crores kind of a number, but you should be 
able to see a good number. I mean, a PAT percentage number of about 8.5% to 9% kind of a PAT 
number overall for the next year. 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. Thank you. Thank you so much for your answers. Thank you. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shailesh Shinde from Millennium Finance. 
Please go ahead. Mr. Shailesh, please go ahead. Mr. Shailesh, please unmute your line and go ahead. 
Since there is no reply from the line of Mr. Shailesh, I will next promote Param Vora from Trinetra 
Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
Param Vora: 
Hello. Thank you for taking my question and congratulations for a great set of numbers. So, what I 
wanted to ask was regarding the aging inventory in your warehouse or stores. So, do you usually 
write down the slowing moving SKUs or you keep the price intact? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
So, overall, with respect to aging, we do have an inventory health tracker. historically, we have been 
operating of about 10% to 12% of the overall inventory, where the age is above 1 year. But the nature 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
of the business model, as we keep talking about is it doesn't just lose out of opportunity for just one 
year, right? 
Since, majority of our product offering is saree, one size fits all kind of a product. So even after 3 
years, 4 years, there is still a very good probability for it being sold. Now the way we do it is through 
multiple methods like we give a better sales incentive, we rotate the stock between stores and a 
couple of these business level enhancements we do. And that in itself solves most of the problem, 
where and the products fly off our shelf when you incentivize the team rightly. 
But on a yearly basis, I think what we actually do is like because we need to provide a positioning it 
for the end of the year, where the inventory crosses more than 3 years or 4 years, we have a formula 
that is guided by the banks. With that, we adjust it to the gross margin. 
But technically, we do not throw away these products and these products are still in our stores and 
has a good probability to sell. So, the ideology behind this is to go behind every last single product, 
make any value additions if required and upsell the products across multiple stores and formats. 
Param Vora: 
Okay. And my next question is, you know, regarding the expansion in product portfolio. So, you are 
already into women ethnic wear. So, do you plan to expand men ethnic wear and kids, ethnic wear? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
So, yes, currently, we are still focused on the womenswear only. Womenswear industry is 5x more 
than the menswear segment. So at this point of time, we don't want to diversify into that. However, 
in terms of menswear and kids wear to your question, to a certain extent in KLM contribution of 
menswear, ethnic wear contribution is decent enough in the KLM story. 
But on the overall aspect, if we have to diversify, probably we should be able to start pinning down 
and focusing more on the women's ready-made category, which is kurtas and kurtis. So that will be 
the category that where we should be focused more on doubling down. But for menswear and kids 
wear probably not yet. 
Param Vora: 
 
Okay. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, Sarma sir has guided roughly INR925 crores, 
INR950 crores of top line for the second half, which implies growth of 8% to 10% for the second 
half. So, is it the number more on the conservative side or is this based on the footfall that we are 
seeing in the month of October? That's my first question. 
KVLN Sarma: 
No. It's on a broader assumption of our annual growth in the range of 18% to 20%. We have targeted 
annual growth into 18% to 20%. It's on that assumption. October anyway is going well. There is no 
drawback on sales or any other aspect. The broader assumption is, earlier we were thinking of a 15%.    
15% is already achieved by the H1. So, on an annual basis, we are targeting anywhere between 18% 
to 20% on a conservative basis. The figures mentioned are based on that. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. Sure. So there basically upward growth derivative guidance based on the firm's demand. Okay. 
The second question on the operating leverage side, right, as we have grown at 30% and probably 
for the full year, we'll grow at 20%, 25%, depending on how the 3Q and 4Q pans out. Is there enough 
scope at 42% of gross margin level to go beyond 16% at EBITDA level? 
KVLN Sarma: 
Yes. Already this quarter, we did 16% plus EBITDA margin. And if you remember, last year, Q3, 
we did about 17.5% EBITDA margin. So as the Varamahalakshmi format composition in the total 
sales is increasing, this margin will go up anyway. 
On the gross margin level, we deliberately put it at 42% for this year, 42% plus or minus say 0.5 this 
side, 0.5 that side mainly because the stores are under maturity, particularly those expanded capacity 
of about 125,000. And these have almost reached about 70% to 75% of its productivity.  That is to 
say, against anticipated optimum of INR 50,000 per sft, we have reached around INR 36,000 at the 
second quarter. 
So, the first target we put is that we should reach the productivity levels comparable or expected of 
Tamil Nadu stores. And then slowly, we will improve our margin profile there from. By that time, 
the brands will be fully established in the market and then we will have the economies of scale, 
etcetera, kicking in fully.  So next year onwards, we will focus more on improving the gross margin 
levels. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sure. Sir, in your SSG calculation of the 74 stores, how many stores are one-plus year old? And how 
many are, say, two-plus year old and three-plus year old? 
KVLN Sarma: 
See, as for the purpose of SSG, we leave out the year in which the store was established, plus one 
year for the maturity. And then the next year would be the base year for comparison. Subsequent 
year will be the SSG format. So, when we gave you the SSG number this time, it is pertaining to 50 
stores, which have qualified into this kind of parameter. So, at this point of time, the SSG mentioned 
was on 50 stores. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. And so, is it fair to assume the remaining 24 stores of the 74 stores would be operating at a 
lower productivity, as you said and would get say, around INR35,000 and then they will kind of next 
year probably reach INR50,000 level? 
KVLN Sarma: 
not all of them are operating at lower level. In fact, some of the flagship stores like our Pondy Bazaar 
or other stores, they are doing much more than that. So, it's not as though the rest of the stores are 
giving productivity sub-optimally, it is on an average for all these stores. When I said INR36,000 -- 
INR35,000, it is with respect to Tamil Nadu stores, which have gone into expansion subsequent to 
IPO. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Got it. And last question from my side on the KLM Fashion. Mr. Bharadwaj highlighted in his 
opening remarks or in one of the questions, I guess, he said that it is on an improving trend. If you 
can give more color on what's happening there. That's all from my side. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
With respect to KLM, right, I think we are seeing a second good quarter of improved SSGs in overall 
KLM, which is supported by both change of product mix. We are trying to focus on bringing new 
collections and new particular segment. And the focus has shifted a little bit towards getting more 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
ethnic wear component on the certain categories such as menswear, kids wear and the womenswear 
side. 
So that's still the progress. I think we are also doing certain initiatives, where we want to change the 
rack system and display system. So, we have been able to get a positive trend so far. However, we 
would want to wait and see for another couple of quarters before we start rolling this out to other 
stores as well. 
Currently, this has been operational for about like four to five stores. And if this trend continues for 
another quarter or two, we should be able to start expanding and putting this on into the remaining 
13 stores as well. So that's with respect to KLM side of it. 
We are also actively working on reducing expenditures with respect to HR personnel costs and other 
expenditures as well. However, KLM is pointed towards that aspiring class value fashion. So, we 
still have to do a certain amount of marketing expenditure and business promotion expenditure, and 
that's what we have seen in quarter two. 
Quarter two generally marks that point of time where Dasara, pre-Dasara time is where we try to 
attract our customers. And again, there will be a small window of opportunity during the Sankranti 
time for the business promotion expenditure. 
But at this point of time, I think, it's growing good and we are happy that we are able to see a positive 
second quarter, a continued quarter of SSG growth, and we are hoping that this trend will continue 
for the remaining year as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Naitik from NV Alpha. 
Naitik: 
Hi, sir. my first question is in our business update earlier this month, you had mentioned that you're 
going to add 10 more stores, six were Varamahalakshmi and four Valli. So just wanted to confirm 
these 10 stores we would be adding in the second half itself? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Yes. for second half, we are poised to open around close to around 30,000 to 35,000square feet plus 
or minus, out of which I think there are about five to six Valli format stores and there are about three 
to four Varamahalakshmi stores. 
Naitik: 
Got it. Got it. Sir, my second question is, you mentioned earlier that three of the stores were converted 
to the Valli format. So which store formats were actually converted to Valli format. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
So, the reason behind converting this into Valli format, it depends on the market changing dynamics. 
So, one of them was from Mandir store, we've moved away where we've removed the Mandir store 
and changed it into Valli store. And we have converted two Kalamandir stores to Valli stores. So 
that's the count. But the thought process behind conversion is not format-wise, it's basically 
understanding the market dynamics and taking actions on that particular format. 
Naitik: 
Got it. Got it, sir. Sir, my next question is what sort of revenue do you expect from Valli store once 
it sort of matures? 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
R. Bharadwaj: 
I mean, it’s really difficult to comment on that because we are looking at a festive under Dussehra-
based quarter. And so far, the numbers are looking very healthy right now. But probably we should 
look at a year full of operations and then I should be probably able to make a business model out of 
it. And that's the reason why the investor presentation and everything actually covers just a store 
count and not a business model. Probably we should be able to start making a business model once 
it at least completes a couple more quarters. 
Naitik: 
Right. Right. Sir, my next question is if you could give format-wise number of stores that we have 
currently? And how will it look one year out, say, in FY '27. So that would give us an understanding 
of how to look at the numbers? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Sure. I think Valli stands at seven, Kalamandir stands at nine, KLM stands at 19 and the rest are 
Varamahalakshmi in that... 
KVLN Sarma: 
Three Mandir and 36 Varamahalakshmi. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Yes. Three Mandir and 36 Varamahalakshmi. Yes. I mean, fast forward 1, 2 years, I think you should 
be able to see Varamahalakshmi stores and Valli stores contributing. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Madhav from SKP. 
Madhav: 
So, I wanted to know your thoughts on 2 aspects, one is the rent and the other one is competition. 
So, like several other players, several other listed retailers, they have been pointing out on rising 
rents and increased competition. So, what are your thoughts on these 2 points? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
In terms of rent, yes, there is an increased rental that is happening overall. But I think in the areas 
where we are operating, we are still able to maintain a decent amount of rental. But more than the 
actual rupee rent cost, the real sense is around making sure that the rent-to-revenue ratio is always 
healthy. 
So compared to other traditional players, which operates almost about 8% to 9% kind of a number, 
our rent-to-revenue ratio still stands at 4% despite the fact of our expansion into newer geographies. 
So that's an industry metric that we are able to out beat because of higher productivity levels that are 
happening at our store. 
Madhav: 
And on the like overall competition part, like considering both like organized and unorganized 
players, like how is the competition? Like there is a surge or like how are you seeing it? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
On the competition front, there is a surge in the overall, like in both both organized and unorganized 
players, there are a few digital-only players and digital-first players who are trying to make some 
changes. But these are hardly like 2, 3 players, and it's not a big number at this point of time. It's still 
relatively small. 
We have seen such trends even in the past. We have seen trends where these small-scale players 
have increasingly come on board. And in that same pace, they have also consolidated as well. So, 
there are multiple examples like that.  

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Though these guys – when new competition comes and tries to capture the market and disrupt the 
market only temporarily. But on a longer-term perspective, this thing balances out because of the 
brand power and the brand positioning that we have. It's that loyalty and trust, which is helping us 
sustain year-after-year, irrelevant to the competition that is coming in any location. 
Madhav: 
And sir, just like one more query on the rent part. So, what I can understand is basically how are the 
terms decided? Like the increased rent this concern is only on the new stores that are opened or the 
existing stores also? Because on the existing stores, I'm assuming that the rentals the rate at which 
the rent will increase, these things are like pre-decided, right, for the next several years or can you 
like give some light on this? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Got it. So, Madhav, so what happens is like our negotiations generally happens between around 9 to 
15 years that we sign up. And you are right on the part that the newer stores have a a little bit of an 
increase in rupee per sq ft. I wouldn't say it's very high increase yet. 
 
It all depends on the kind of market that you're going to, but the old stores remain with our existing 
negotiated terms, where we increase 15% for every 3 years. And we have had new leases that we 
have signed. We have renewed our leases, and there has not been any surprises on that front. we are 
still able to retain the terms that we spoke about from the initial period only. 
Madhav: 
Got it. Okay. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Manan Shah from Moneybee Investment Advisor. 
Manan Shah: 
Congratulations for good set of numbers. My question was regarding the new store openings that we 
are planning to do. Are these in newer cities or these will be in the existing cities, where we are 
already present? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
It will be a combination of both. So, with respect to the Valli formats, we have an opportunity in the 
existing store clusters as well. But Varamahalakshmi stores will majorly be in new cities. 
Manan Shah: 
And do we still -- I mean, are looking to focus in the Southern part of India or we are looking to then 
expand to the adjoining Western and Eastern and Central regions as well? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
So currently, as we speak, we do have plans to go beyond these 4 states. But again, it will be a small 
pilot and will not be a considerable change in our expansion strategy. Our majority of the expansion 
will still in the next at least 1 year, 1.5 years will still be from the existing 4 geographies only. 
See, the way it works is I'll give you an example. See, the kind of stores that we were able to open 
for Valli in the existing geographies, are kind of stores where you would not have a fancy parking, 
you would not have like an 80 square feet kind of a street. However, these are smaller and inner 
roads where there is a very good spending power and very good market availability, but doesn't have 
the luxury of like amenities.  So that's the kind of play that we're going with Valli Silks. 
And also, since these are 3,000 square feet, 3,500 square feet, it’s very quick to open. And that's the 
reason why the rental is a little bit marginally higher for Valli, but that's the logic behind our stores 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
that we are expanding. But Varamahalakshmi stores, you're right on it, they're going beyond the 
existing cities. 
Manan Shah: 
And these are primarily Tier 2 cities? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
For Varamahalakshmi? 
Manan Shah: 
Yes. For Varamahalakshmi and for Valli, currently, it's centered towards...? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Valli, it's a mix of both, right? It's mix of both Tier 1, Tier 2 both. 
Manan Shah 
Okay. And the expansion that we are doing, are we like the first entrant in those markets among the 
organized competition? And in the existing places, where we are maybe first mover, are you seeing 
incremental competition coming in? And how is that impacting of those stores? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
See, as I did mention, wherever we are going, probably we are the relatively new player and the kind 
of brand power we are able to command better products, better margins and that kind of digital-first 
approach. We are trying to go all in and communicate that we are a quality brand for affordable 
prices that you can come and shop with us. So far on that side, there has not been much that is 
impacting the overall story. 
 
But on the other side, in the existing stores that we are having, wherever there is a new competition 
that is coming up, as I did mention, there could be a temporary impact in terms of footfalls because 
generally, the consumers want to try out multiple stores before they end up their final purchase 
decision they make. 
 
But that, again, is a common customer behaviour across this industry. It keeps happening year-over-
year. Some year, it's less, some year, it's more. And what we have seen is like when those stores 
complete like probably 1 year or 1.5 years and all that the new strore euphoria will come down and 
obviously, the product and the positioning and the brand takes a front seat in this. 
 
And on that front, we are not worried. We have seen these cycles happen. If you look back into our 
commentary, last before year, we have seen an increased amount of competition that came in and 
that has created some loss in footfalls. But on a larger picture on a branded scale, that's not something 
that we are worried about. 
Manan Shah: 
Understood. And then on the KLM side, you had an intention of franchising this format maybe in 
the longer future. So where do you think you are where when you can start opening more KLM stores 
under the franchisee format? 
 
And also, over here, what would be the mix of our own brands versus private labels? And how are 
we planning to move that more towards our own brands, thereby having more control over the 
designing and the product and so on? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
So, with respect to KLM, I think we have to wait a couple more quarters before we build a model 
around franchising. So, at this point of time, I'm not able to give you a clear idea on how soon we 
will be able to expand, but it will not happen anytime in the next couple of quarters. 

 
 
Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
On the product and portfolio side, majority of our product offering is in private labels only. The 
reason being even in KLM, the bigger contributor of the KLM in the overall revenue still stands to 
be sarees only.  
 
And though we are trying to focus on in the private labels, we are also figuring out the products, 
which can command a better margin. We wanted to slowly grow our in-house label called DESI 
SITARA. I think probably next couple of quarters, we should be able to take actions on that, and that 
should be a bigger contributor in the overall. And DESI SITARA is a brand that is focused on kurtas 
and kurtis. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay. And then in terms of private labels, what is the return policy or is it entirely outright purchase? 
I mean, do you have the option of returning these products if they are slow moving or something or 
it is generally outright purchase? And how are we looking to move towards a sale or return model 
over there? 
R. Bharadwaj: 
So, majority of it is outright purchase. We do not have much in the SOR category, sale or return. But 
however, we are trying to focus and start implementing a little bit under sale or return. quarter also, 
we have started small. The objective here is we don't want to have dump the stores with too much 
inventory as well. So, the goal for us at this point of time is to improvise the SOR category, but so 
far, it's still a negligible component in the overall inventory. 
Manan Shah: 
And overall, on the inventory side, we were looking to gradually reach towards, say, 2.5x inventory 
turn versus roughly 2x. Do you see that happening over the next year or it will take longer to reach 
that sort of inventory turn? 
KVLN Sarma: 
We should be able to achieve it by the next financial year because once we reach optimum 
productivity on these stores and once, we establish the warehouse in Tamil Nadu, then it will enable 
to fully implement the plan of action. But even now, on a consistent basis, the inventory is coming 
down. Of course, September is not an indicative figure for that. We are continuously bringing it 
down, and we should be able to achieve that 140 days kind of a thing by the end of next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today's call. I would now 
like to hand over the conference over to Mr. Bharadwaj for the closing comments. 
R. Bharadwaj: 
Thank you. To conclude, Sai Silks Kalamandir continues to still deliver consistent growth, while 
remaining focused on our long-term strategic priorities. Thank you all to our customers, employees, 
stakeholders for their continued support and trust. Looking forward to connecting back with you 
guys in the next quarter earnings call. Thank you so much. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Sai Silks Kalamandir Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
