 
 
 
91 40 27840104 
 
 
 
 
 
Website: www.tciexpress.in  
Corporate Office: Plot No. 84, 3rd Floor, Sector 32, Institutional Area, Gurugram - 122001, India 
 Tel.: +91-124-2384090-94 • Email: info@tciexpress.in • CIN: L62200TG2008PLC061781  
Registered Office: Flat Nos. 306 & 307, 1-8-273, Third Floor, Ashoka Bhoopal Chambers, 
                                                                                                                                                  S. P. Road, Secunderabad – 500003 • Tel.: ++91 40 27840104 
Dated: November 12, 2025 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street-Mumbai-400001 
 
 
Scrip Code:  540212 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E) Mumbai-400051 
 
Scrip Symbol:  TCIEXP 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the Quarter-2/HY-1 FY 2025-26 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated November 06, 2025, whereby the Company had submitted the link to 
the audio recording of the Earning Call held post announcement of the Un-Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 (6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the said Earnings Call, for your 
information and records. The transcript of the earnings call is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.tciexpress.in/investor-analyst-corner?invid=16&key=c74d97b01eae257e44aa9d5bade97baf 
 
 
We request your good office to take the above information on records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For TCI Express Limited 
 
 
 
PRIYANKA 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
Encl: as above 
 
PRIYAN
KA
Digitally signed 
by PRIYANKA 
Date: 2025.11.12 
14:58:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
    
 
“TCI Express Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY 26 Earnings Conference Call” 
Thursday, November 06, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:                      MR. CHANDER AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
                   MR. MUKTI LAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. PABITRA MOHAN PANDA – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MOHIT LOHIA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to TCI Express Q2 and H1 FY 26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing Star 
then ‘0 ‘on a touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Lohia from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Mohit Lohia: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Q2 and H1 FY '26 
Earnings Call of TCI Express Limited. First of all, I would like to thank management 
for providing us the opportunity to host the call. From the management side, we 
have Mr. Chander Agarwal, Managing Director; Mr. Mukti Lal, Executive Director 
and CFO; Mr. Pabitra Mohan Panda, Chief Business Officer. 
 
So without further delay, I would now hand over the call to the management for 
the opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chander Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mr. Mohit. Good evening, everybody, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 
FY 26 Earnings Conference Call of TCI Express Limited. I would like to thank all of 
you for joining us here today. I hope you and your families are keeping well. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
We have already circulated our earnings presentation on the company's website 
and the stock exchanges, and I trust you have a chance to review it. To begin, I 
will provide an overview of our business and operational performance during the 
quarter and first half of FY 26. Following this, our Executive Director and CFO, Mr. 
Mukti, will take us through the financial results in detail. 
 
The second quarter showed consistent progress over the previous quarter, 
supported by stable volumes, network expansion and growing contribution from 
our multimodal services. Despite moderation in certain industrial segments and 
global trade headwinds, the company maintained its operational efficiency and 
margin profile through disciplined cost control and consistent service execution. 
 
The Surface Express division continued to be the largest contributor to overall 
business, driven by steady volumes across sectors like retail, automotive and 
industrial goods. We saw improvement in MSME business and demand from 
lifestyle and garments during the festive season. However, performance was 
temporarily impacted as supplies paused by manufacturers due to the GST rate 
cuts and system realignments. 
 
Furthermore, we also added 10 new branches in this segment, strengthening last-
mile connectivity. The Rail Express segment delivered another strong quarter 
from 25% year-on-year growth, supported by 25 new branch openings and 
growing adoption of appointed-based deliveries that improve planning and 
service reliability. 
 
The Air Express segment performed well and with growth in both the domestic 
and international sectors. We continue to expand our capacity by securing direct 
space with new international carriers, enhancing our customer experience and 
increasing cargo handling efficiency. 
 
The International Air Express business grew 40% year-on-year, driven by higher 
import-export volumes across the trade routes. The C2C Express vertical 
continued to expand, recording 15% growth during the quarter on the back of 
new customer additions and team expansion across regions. 
 
Our Pharma Cold Chain Express service is gaining steady traction driven by 
demand from temperature-sensitive shipments, including through rail transport, 
ensuring faster and reliable logistics for pharmaceutical clients. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
During the quarter, we leased a larger sorting center in Mumbai, which is 3 times  
the size of the existing one. The new facility will improve the operational 
efficiency, reduce cost and support future growth and expansion in western part 
of India. 
 
Plans are in place to replicate automation technologies deployed at our 
Gurugram and Pune facilities, add upcoming sorting centers in Kolkata and 
Ahmedabad. These upgrades, along with implementation of a new CRM will 
further enhance operational visibility, customer engagement and efficiency. 
 
Our asset-light model continues to be the foundation of our business, allowing 
high network utilization, better cost management and consistent service 
reliability. Capital expenditure of Rs. 28 crores was incurred in H1 financial year 
'26 towards branch expansion, sorting centers and IT infrastructure upgrades. I'm 
pleased to share that TCI Express continues to be recognized for its commitment 
to excellence and sustainability. 
 
During the quarter, we were honoured with the Iconic Brands of India '25, 
Sustainable Organization '25 and the Rajasthan Business Award '25, reaffirming 
our leadership in the express logistics sector. Through the TCI Express 
Foundation, we continue to advance the CSR and sustainability initiatives. 
 
The Annual Blood donation Drive was organized nationwide in September to 
commemorate our Founder Chairman, Late Shri P.D. Agarwal Ji on his Punya Tithi. 
Our Jaipur Foot & Rehab Center Lucknow has empowered many beneficiaries this 
year with artificial limbs and assisted devices while ongoing initiatives at the 
Archery Academy in Jharkhand. 
 
Looking ahead, the company remains focused on expanding its infrastructure and 
strengthening multimodal operations. We are also expanding into new verticals 
such as defense, EV and solar energy, which align with emerging trends and 
growth opportunities in the logistics space. With a strong balance sheet and 
consistent investment in technology, TCI Express is well positioned to capture 
emerging opportunities in India's logistics sector and deliver sustainable value to 
its stakeholders in the quarter ahead. 
 
With this, I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Mukti to take you through 
our financial performance for the quarter and half year. Thank you. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Mukti Lal: 
Thank you, sir, and good evening, everyone. I will now take you through the 
financial and operational performance of our company for the second quarter 
and first half of this current year. As our Managing Director has already said the 
business overview and key developments, I will focus on the financial highlights, 
service performances, operational updates and our strategic priorities for the 
upcoming quarters. 
 
So basically, the second quarter reflected a steady financial performance, 
supported by consistent cost management and balanced growth across our 
service offerings. Total income for the quarter was like Rs. 312 crores compared 
to the Rs. 290 crores in Q1 and Rs. 314 crores in last year same quarter. 
 
And EBITDA for the quarter is Rs. 39 crores, translating to a margin of 12.4%, while 
profit after tax is Rs. 25 crores with a margin of 8.1%. For the first half of FY '26, 
income is like Rs. 602 crores compared to Rs. 609 crores in the same period last 
year. EBITDA during the period is Rs. 72 crores with a margin of 12% and profit 
after tax is Rs. 46 crores with a margin of 7.7%. 
 
Despite moderate top line performance, our disciplined focus on network 
productivity, cost optimization and improved service mix helped sustain margins 
within our guided range. Our core services vertical continued to perform steadily 
during this quarter, supported by the festive demand environment and consistent 
network expansion. 
 
The Surface Express division remained obviously primary contributor, benefiting 
from stronger movement in lifestyle, garment and consumer goods, while MSME 
activity improved across key regions, though not up to that level. But yes, it has 
improved slightly. Our other services like Air, Rail and C2C segment delivered 
robust performance as did in quarter 1, driven by network expansion, capacity 
enhancements and strategic client growth, highlighting sustained operational 
excellence and business resilience. 
 
Our working capital cycle remains efficient with the receivable days at 60 days, 
payable at 40 and net working capital requirements 20 days, reflecting strong 
control over collections and payments. The company continues to operate debt-
free, maintaining liquid assets of Rs. 150- crores. Cash flow from operation during 
this H1 is Rs. 20 crores. It will be improved over the period, obviously. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
And in summary, Q2 reflected consistent financial performance with healthy 
margins, stable volumes and strong operational execution. We remain focused 
on expanding our multimodal capabilities, enhancing technology integration and 
maintaining a disciplined approach to cost management and capital allocation. 
These efforts will ensure continued value creation for all stakeholders as we move 
forward. 
 
Thank you. And now we can open the floor for question and answer, please. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask questions may press * and 1 on their touch telephone. 
If you wish to remove access from question queue you can press * and 2. 
Participants are requested to use handset while asking a question. Ladies & 
Gentlemen we will wait for a moment, while the question queue assembled. The 
first question is from the line of Krupashankar NJ from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Good Evening, and thank you for the opportunity So, first bookkeeping question. 
What would have been the volumes for this quarter? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So volumes is 2.5 lakh tons for this quarter. And for the half year, it is almost 
482,000 tons. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
So when I look at the tonnage growth on a Y-o-Y basis, it's still being quite flattish 
despite the underlying trend. What would be attributable to the GST-related 
impact? And if not for that, what could have been the tonnage growth? And have 
you seen that spill over to in the month of October? Any light on that, please? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, very well. You asked a very good question. So basically, yes, we could have 
like post the revenue growth of like 2%, 3%, single low-digit growth in this quarter 
if we could not in fact, this through this GST impact. And that we also, as rightly 
said, is the spillover in October month, and we're seeing a good traction in 
October. 
 
And so October also like slightly impacted because Diwali in mid of that and last 
year, it was end of the October, so that was not impacted. So if you put together 
these 2 months, October and ongoing November, put together, we have very 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
good growth in this year. So we certainly as we guided, we will be certainly put 
the growth in that. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
So you're talking about 10%-plus growth. Is that the number we should read for 
the year? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, we guided like 8% kind of growth in volumes and 10% kind of growth in 
revenue. So we are on that. Hopefully, we will be in next quarter, we will be giving 
a growth of higher single-digit growth in next quarter. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Got it, sir. I have one fundamental question out here. Now while your press 
release, it talks in detail about International Air Express growing at 40%, Rail 
growing quite strong, C2C also growing at mid-teens sort of a thing. Is it just 
fundamentally the fact that the surface business is the only underperforming 
business in our entire spectrum, and that is one of the reasons why our revenue 
growth has been flattish over the period? 
 
Is that how one has to read it? And what has to fundamentally change with our 
operations to get back because we are seeing that the underlying industry is 
growing at around 9% to 10%. So what has to change from here on, sir? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So well, you rightly said, so my other service other than surface is gaining 
traction, and we're getting like good revenue growth on these, though it is like a 
small portion of overall revenue. But yes, so surface, we also did so many efforts 
like we're adding the new verticals. and what was the main reason to on surface, 
there is, I think 2 aspects of that. One is like paper and plastic industry is also 
slightly reduced on that part. So that was the one reason. 
 
Second part, MSMEs really hit. So still, they're like trying to recover from that and 
they're gradually recovering from that because everybody, if you see industry-
wide, everybody has impacted due to this MSME is not like improving. That's the, 
I think, one-off reason where we also impacted. 
 
And hopefully, in next quarter onwards, we will have the growth in obviously, in 
surface product as well. So we will be on the right path. Even we were be like 
flattish in surface if we could have like GST impact of that and growth in other 
products. So ultimately, that impact will be, I think, gone and now on the right 
path to be growing this segment also. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Krupashankar NJ: 
So what I was actually looking for is, is there any accretion required from the 
marketing team? Or is there any requirement of new branch addition? Any 
change in strategy which has to be implemented to boost up this growth from a 
flattish sort of a trend is something which I was looking for. So anything which is 
fundamentally you're planning to implement because you've seen this trend over 
quite some time now? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So it's nothing like permanent there, is like temporary nature. Manufacturing 
is not increasing. Numbers are there in India is not, whatever kind of segment we 
are, that is really not increasing. And again, in last call, we also mentioned we are 
depending on only one product. That's why we're derisking ourselves to putting 
other services in place. 
 
And we're cross-selling. So each other product is helping to growing together. So 
that's also a good strategy we're putting. We're also putting additional like 
marketing team to how to like improve business in Surface segment. And branch 
expansion, i think, not needed because we already have enough branches. 
 
Obviously, we have a plan to be increased. But once we like to stabilize or getting 
into a BP point on the surface mode, then now we are also focusing to open the 
branch in other services. So this put together is a mixed strategy where we need 
to go ahead with that. 
Krupashankar NJ:              Got it sir, Thank you for your patient answers, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Chander Ji, can we tell now worst is over and we pick up from here? 
Chander Agarwal: 
Yes. I also think so because all the dents in the economy and everywhere, it's 
quite evening out. So looking at that, everything should be in the upward 
trajectory. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. And this Bombay location you have taken on the lease, how many years it 
will take to start? 
Chander Agarwal: 
Already started sir. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Ravi Naredi: 
Started but you will do modernization there? 
Chander Agarwal: 
No, because we will do modernization -- sorry, automation in location of where 
we buy our own sorting center. So this is not on our own land. So we will not 
probably do automation. And you need a certain scale for automation, like at 
least 1.5 lakh square feet. So once we attain that only, we go for automation. Yes, 
Mukti? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So basically, this is like on a strategic location and to add that what Chander 
Ji is saying. So there is a strategic location and ultimately, it will be reduced like 
turnaround time because maximum movement of where we've taken this new 
sorting center on like Nashik Road, this is the maximum load is go out from 
Mumbai or in and out from the Mumbai on that location. So it will ultimately help 
us to maintain our direct cost for that purpose. 
Ravi Naredi:                         Right, Thank You. 
Moderator: 
Thank You. The next question is from the line of Anshul from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Anshul: 
Hi Good evening, Thank you for the opportunity. Hope I am audible? 
Mukti Lal:                           Yes Anshul. 
Anshul: 
Great. Sir, first question is on the pending automation at Kolkata and Ahmedabad 
as Chanderji mentioned. What would be the time lines of this and the capex 
involved for the same? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So well, it is like, it will take time because construction has started on both 
the locations. So I think it will be take time actually. It's more than 1 year time is 
still there because construction will be finished in 6 to 9 months, and then we will 
start to like put an automation. And then I think finish will be, it will not be before 
like December next year, you can say. 
Anshul: 
Okay. So mid-FY 27 we should end and capex involved for the same, sir, for so 
remainder capex and probably for FY 27, if you could just guide us for the capex? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. As we've taken like Rs. 500 crores capex in 3 years back, now it's the fourth 
year running. So we spent almost Rs. 240 crores and remaining, we will be, I think, 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
spent finished on Rs. 400 crores. So you can say in the remaining 1.5 years, we 
will be spent around Rs. 150 crores more. 
 
So in against of taken a target of Rs. 500 crores, we will be ending with spend Rs. 
400 crores in 5 years. Then we will carve out the new strategy with the wherever 
location, we will be like want to this implementation of sorting center and all. So 
we will be, I think, putting into the next year for that. 
Anshul: 
Got it. And this plan includes only automating these 2 hubs, correct? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. As Mr. Chander has mentioned because it is not feasible to have less than 
that.  If we -- like facilities in a size and a smaller in size, like below 1.5 lakh square 
feet, then it's not feasible to have automation. So that's why wherever we have, 
like Kolkata is around 1.5 and then Ahmedabad is almost like 2.5 lakhs, which is 
the biggest one. So these type of facilities is really feasible to have this 
automation and then everything is suitable there. Otherwise, no meaning to we 
have this automation. So that's way. 
Anshul: 
Got it. Second question that I had was on our revenue trajectory in the Surface 
Express business. Now if I assume that our new services are contributing roughly 
17%, 18-odd % of our total revenue, Surface Express business seems to be sort of 
declining by 4% to 5%, mid-single digit, that continues. 
 
Do we foresee that despite your commentary that festive season demand sort of 
has benefited the current quarter as well. How likely would this demand sort of 
push up Surface Express business revenue trajectory in the coming few quarters? 
If you could just shed some light or color on this, it would be useful? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. Well, because it's all depending upon how like economies because it is our 
biggest contributor on that. So SMEs share increase is very important for us. 
That's why we're putting effort to expanding branch network and now 
strengthening team at branch level to knock the more doors to getting more 
businesses from the SMEs. 
 
And as mentioned in the last call, we're also putting effort to be more businesses 
in this, usually empty routes like eastern part of India and southern part of India. 
We're strengthening their team there so they can get more businesses because 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
these areas maximum depending upon the like SME customer. There are no big 
manufacturing as such. 
 
So this is our strategy to be putting more team there to get more businesses in 
Eastern part of India like again, Bengal and Odisha and Jharkhand and all 
everywhere. And this is getting good results, and we will keep continuing on that 
strategy. Second strategy to be putting direct sales team for this surface, we're 
enhancing that. 
 
So we already put almost 30, 40 more people on controlling level because as you 
are aware, we have a structure of like 60 controlling offices we have. So, we have 
already put more team. And so these are the strategy. 
 
And third thing we're also putting a particular focus on new verticals, as we 
mentioned, on this EV vehicle. So this is a good news. We already like made an 
agreement with the 1 EV vehicle provider in South India. So we will get that start 
the volume from next month. I mean in this November month, we get the sign in 
the last month. 
 
So these kind of strategies to adding new verticals, and we're also focusing major 
for like home furnishing and paint division, which is new companies is coming as 
you see as a heavy competition on that. 
 
So these kind of exclusive strategies will be works well, and we will be certainly 
coming out of this like degrowth of this main segment. So other thing also, 
Anshul, like in what happened in Diwali time, as you've seen up to that 22nd  
September, there was a GST rate cut which started to that. 
 
So people convert from there also like Surface business into Rail and Air because 
there was a requirement, urgent requirement for that. So 1%, 1.5% reason is also 
there because they like demanded to be like deliver very fast whatever way we 
can be do. So that's a oneof reason also where surface was slightly down. So these 
are the things which we are putting as a strategy for the future. 
Anshul: 
Got it. One final question from my end, if I may. You had earlier mentioned that 
our new services are margin dilutive in nature. So till surface picks up, margins 
should remain muted. Would that understanding be correct? Or with new 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
services, operating leverage helps top line improves, so margins should sort of 
firm up? How should we look about this? 
Mukti Lal: 
Not, really, other services also not like diluting margins. They are also like similar 
margins, except Air International having slightly less margin, which is very, very 
small amount in a percentage terms of revenue. Otherwise, all services are the 
same. But why our margin has diluted is different reasons. One is because we're 
expanding network for like Rail and Air and air rates has also increased like 
arbitrarily by these all airlines. 
 
So that's why there is a reason where cost has been increased almost 150 basis 
points on an overall basis due to these reasons. That's why my margin has been 
diluted. And other reason is because we are not, as volumes has not picked up. 
So utilization level of truck has dropped. So that's the main reason where we 
almost reduced by 300 - 350 basis points. Otherwise, the margin level of all 
services are okay. 
 
There is no problem for any services, even rather similar or slightly higher in other 
services, rail or air. So margin is not challenged. I think it is again temporary. Once 
we reach back. So my target is to once we reach back in a truck utilization of 85%, 
then we will be again back to improve margin in, we will be jumped from by at 
least 150 basis points, and that's the thing, I think. 
 
And slight challenges were also there in front of cost increases due to, again, for 
the increase by the toll charges and labor charges, which we faced the challenge 
of last year only. 
 
This year, you see like we have maintained the direct cost and gross margin, we 
maintained almost like same of last year. So these challenges, we have already 
overcome. And I think air expansion or rail network expansion is also like steadily 
going on, but we're building up the revenue on that network. So it is 
maintainable. So that's why my gross margins are improving or rather you can say 
sustainable and will further improve in like quarter 3 and quarter 4. 
Anshul:                                  Got it. many thanks, for the detailed answers. All the very best for the remainder 
of the year. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Alok Deora: 
Hi Sir, Good Evening, Just one question. So when in 3Q and 4Q, we'll see higher 
volume, then this margin, which we are already at 11.5%, where could that reach 
in the next 2 quarters because we'll be at almost, I think, 6%, 7% volume growth 
at least in the next 2 quarters. So at higher volume, we can definitely expect some 
improvement here. So can it become like more like a 13%, 14% margin? That's 
the only question I had? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So yes, we are also targeting to increase that margin from 11.5% to 12.5% to 
13% in that range in the remaining 2 quarters. So for whole year, we will be 
finished around 12.5% plus. So that's our target, you rightly said. And reason I 
already mentioned in the last answer, we will improve our efficiency in truck and 
yes. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it. Just one more. So on a steady-state basis, can this 13%, 14% could be 
considered as a new normal now as compared to 2 years back, we used to talk 
about 16% to 18%. So now it's more like a 13%, 14% should be considered as a 
good margin? 
Mukti Lal: 
Not really. We, again, making effort to back to 15% plus margin because, again, 
once the volume will be picked to, supposing we grow in a 10% to 12% in volume, 
then it will be my again, utilization of truck will be further improved to 85%, 86%, 
that range. That directly added to my profit. So there is no challenge. 
 
Further, other services will also improve. There is positive arbitrage on terms of 
like other costs because this is also not, it means you can say like steady and 
sustainable. It is not increasing much. So ultimately, we will be very soon if we 
attain like revenue growth of 10% plus and volume, then certainly, we will be 
jump to margin level of 14.5% to 15%. So for us, normal is not like below 15%. 
Alok Deora:                         Got it sir, Thank you so much sir and All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Anurag: 
Hi. Am I audible? Very Good evening, I just wanted to know the utilization levels 
for trucks, please. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Mukti Lal: 
Sorry, come again. 
Anurag: 
Sir, utilization of trucks. 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. Utilization of truck in this quarter was around 83.5%. 
Anurag: 
Okay. And for first half of FY 26? 
Mukti Lal: 
Sorry? 
Anurag: 
And for the first half of FY '26? 
Mukti Lal: 
It was 83%, yes. 
Anurag:                                 Okay sir, Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Thomas as an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Thomas: 
Hi, Good Evening, I just wanted to understand something. When it comes to what 
I've been hearing in the Surface Express business, there's a lot of undercutting on 
prices. So how does TCI Express manage these pricing pressures while trying to 
maintain margin? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, your voice was not clear, but what I understand, you're talking about price 
cut by the competition and price pressure, right? 
Thomas: 
Yes. 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So basically, Mr. Thomas, so price is really not worrisome in express industry 
as because what we're charging from customer as from their product value is 
very, very miniscule kind of like 1% -1.5%. So really, price cut is not main thing in 
this industry. So we don't see any challenge on that way. 
 
Challenges are only volumes, which we -- like as the overall industry is not 
growing, means manufacturing is not happening, India is like more depending 
upon the service sector. So that's the only challenge once like now is, hopefully, 
this GST cut will be also improved customer like confidence, which is clearly 
visible in like October also. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 
So with that, once these volumes will be increased, then certainly everything will 
be improved. So price, I think not any challenge for anyone in express industry. It 
is challenge for B2C industry, yes, but not B2B industry as such. 
Thomas: 
When you're talking about your product mix, can you tell me which is the 
segment that has the highest amount of revenue contribution, which segment in 
this quarter, which was the one that was growing the fastest? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So Mr. Thomas, basically, highest contributor is first air domestic and 
international put together. And of that, international is a very small amount right 
now, even below 2% of overall revenue. 
Thomas: 
Like is it Pharma, is it auto, automotive, what you see. 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, So basically, this festival season, we have seen a traction in like, obviously, in 
electronics, garment, that has been picked up.  
Thomas: 
Okay. And can you give me the product mix like on the top segment? 
Mukti Lal: 
So product mix, basically vertical, these top 5 verticals giving 55% revenue to us, 
and these are pharma, electronics, engineering and garment, lifestyle products 
and auto. These are the main contributor of overall revenue. 
Thomas: 
So you've made some automation in Taj Nagar and Chakan and all. So is there 
any, like can you help me understand how has that helped improve cost or 
improved throughput or anything like that? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, because, again, this automation has helped us to be improve our efficiency 
level by reducing turnaround time of this holding cargo at the sorting center 
because earlier, we're doing everything as a manually loading, unloading, it takes 
time almost like 8 hours. And now it is reduced to almost 2 hours. 
 
But and further like holding consolidation of that cargo and sorting of that cargo 
has also taken time. So whole process is taking in the range of 12 to 18 hours, 
which has been reduced to half of that. So basically, that has impacted and 
certainty is also there where we can think, yes, cargo will be reached there, then 
we can be processed in 4-hour time. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
But earlier, that might be not so sure about that. So this is one aspect. Second 
aspect of that manual intervention has been slightly reduced for that because 
now it's doing cargo process as an automation. Third thing, there is a time for 
these trucks has been also improved where like supposing one truck is getting 
trip from Delhi to Mumbai like 4 trips. 
 
Now they can be made 4.5 because now their holding time is reduced at this 
particular center. So these are the things which has really benefited, and that's 
why we are able to maintain our like direct cost and this gross margin basically. 
Thomas: 
Okay. And you had mentioned earlier about doing milk runs and using AI to get 
better routes and all. Is there any gauge on how much this has helped when it 
comes to cost or helping in gaining revenue, anything like that, that you can help 
me understand in this quarter? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So I think you're talking about milk run for my reduction in my cost, right? 
Thomas: 
Cost, yes. 
Mukti Lal: 
Because we told on that perspective where we, supposing one vehicle is directly 
going one place to another only supposing A to like K, but then they're supposing 
1 or 2 branch in middle of that, then they're not touching that. But now 
sometimes because it depends. Sometimes it is supposing is killing my time, it's 
not reaching on time because somehow it is possible only on metro cities where 
we have the high density of branches. 
 
Then we need to use this as a milk run. So we're using, still using that, and we're 
doing that wherever is required is highly dynamic because we need to see the 
time. So for example, every city has their like entry barrier in the city. So 
supposing in Mumbai, vehicle start from sorting centre to deliver to that branch 
because they have the only window of 5, 6 hours. 
 
So they can't touch 2, 3 branches in that time. So this is a problem. So somewhere 
it is possible, somewhere it is not possible because more and more branches 
come under city limits. So sometimes, it is not feasible to be touched 2, 3 
branches in that very limited window because vehicle has to go inside the city, 
then unload the material from that branch and pick the material and then must 
be come out from that. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
Otherwise, they will be supposing it will all be crossed that limit before that entry 
barrier is removed and they will be like stuck there for the 24 hours. So, it depends 
on the various things. But yes, wherever it is possible, we're doing that. This is 
very like basic thing or hygiene thing for us to doing continuous basis. 
Thomas:                                Okay, Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pravesh from Four Lion Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pravesh: 
Hii, Just one data keeping question. What was the corporate SME mix for this 
quarter? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So it is on 48%-52%. So 52% is corporate and 48% is SMEs and our endeavour 
to anyhow to cross 50%. And it's good to like supposing we reach to 55% in future. 
So that endeavour is going on. But right now, it is mix is 48%-52%. 
Pravesh: 
Understood. And did we take any price hikes this quarter on the Express 
business? 
Mukti Lal: 
Not much. We've taken almost like in an overall basis is not more than 25 basis 
points. Last quarter, we've taken almost 50 basis points. So put together is like 
not more than 75 basis points. 
Pravesh: 
Understood. I think at the start, we were trying to get to around 2%. Is that still 
likely to happen by the end of the year? 
Mukti Lal: 
So yes, it is ongoing process, but major impact is coming on either on start of the 
financial year or calendar year. Because usually, what happened in Indian 
companies is like whatever price hike they're giving is around start of financial 
year. And MNC is usually giving again the start there like financial year as a 
calendar year. So usually, that happens. So still, plan is on to get the price hikes. 
And hopefully, we will finish with the like 1.5% to 2% for sure in this year. 
Pravesh: 
Understood. September plus October, you said we should look it together, right, 
in terms of the recovery. 
Mukti Lal: 
No. October and November. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Pravesh: 
October and November, okay? And that you are saying is expected volume 
growth will be high-single digits, October plus November? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. 
Pravesh: 
Understood. Got it, sir. Last question on the branch network side. Are we still on 
track for those 80 branches or there's some change in the thought process? 
Mukti Lal: 
No. So mix is, you rightly said, as you've seen, we opened the branches of Rail 
branches, though is very small branches because business is, we are building our 
capabilities and business is building on that. So we opened up the Rail branches 
25 and 10 branches in surface. So as you've seen like 35 branches, we opened 
that. 
 
And we will be on the same path. By year-end, I think we will be finished and all 
the services put together, again, in the range of 60 to 80 for sure. Like we, again, 
in an expansion mode to be in air and rail, we will put more branches for that. 
And surface, obviously, is an established product. So might be having like 10 to 
15 more branches in this remainder part of this year. 
Pravesh: 
Right, sir. The non-surface business would be what percentage of revenue now 
this quarter because of the strong growth, etcetera? 
Mukti Lal: 
Approximately 18%. 
Pravesh: 
Got it. So the B2C business decline is still continuing. Is that what you're saying? I 
would have expected with like 25% growth, the share would be much higher. 
Chander Agarwal: 
No, we are also increasing our B2C business. Mukti, you can say that also. 
Pravesh: 
Okay. So my only question was the 17% to 18% range has been for some time, 
while the other businesses have been growing quite fast as you have also 
reported. So just trying to understand if there's something else in that mix that's 
bringing it down, the non-surface. 
Chander Agarwal: 
In fact, B2C, we are planning to make it a Rs 100 crore product in 2 years' time, I 
think that is what the plan is. Mukti? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, sir. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit from Samatva Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Hi Sir, Thank you for the opportunity Just on your last comment where you spoke 
about the B2C segment. Just wanted your thoughts on which areas are we 
particularly focusing on the B2C part? And just take it further, historically, B2C 
when you alluded to the fact pricing has been an issue in the B2B segment. So 
how do you see the margins ramping up in that segment maybe in the next 1 or 
2 years? 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes. So basically, again, earlier, we were in like 4%, 5% in B2C, but over the period, 
it reduced to like around 2% - 2.5%. Now we're again refocusing with the newer 
strategy to be putting, again, taking small B2C customer, which is every door now, 
which we study in the market where we've seen various small companies directly, 
you can, rather you can say, D2C, they directly send to customer on the, they're 
selling on their own platform. 
 
So we're hiring team for these kind of businesses and their rate is not challenged 
at all. So that's we founded and now started also like a small customer, that's why 
Mr. Chander has mentioned, we have a big plan for that, and we will go on that 
path. So again, our target is not these big boys. 
 
But for that also, we're talking about, again, like category 2 B2C player, not these 
big 2 boys like again, Amazon and Flipkart. But again, Flipkart is also, we are 
discussing with them. So once it will be ramped up or we will be reach on some 
agreement, then restart the things for B2C. 
 
But again, margin is our key fundamental. So we can't lose that proposition, and 
we will be focusing on that, and then we will do the business. So we will not do 
everything. Wherever we have a stronghold, wherever we have the margin, then 
we will do that. That's very clear actually. 
Rohit: 
Okay, so thank you so much. All the best. Thank you. 
Mukti Lal: 
Yes, we can close now. So if there is no question, we can be like... 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
TCI Express Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Chander Agarwal: 
I thank everybody for attending the Q2 concall for TCI Express. And I look forward 
to speaking to you again in the near future. And thank you very much for your 
attendance. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
