  
Date: 10.11.2025 
 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE EQUITY SYMBOL: PRUDENT 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
SCRIPT CODE: 543527 
 
 
ISIN: INE00F201020
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Conference Call for Un-Audited Financial Results for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
With reference to our earlier intimation dated October 30, 2025 and in terms of 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Conference Call with 
analysts and investors held on November 06, 2025 in respect of the Un-Audited 
Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
The 
same 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
www.prudentcorporate.com .  
 
Please take the same into your records and do the needful. 
 
For, Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Kunal A. Chauhan 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: FCS-13492 
 
Encl.: As Stated 
 
 
Kunal 
Amrishbhai 
Chauhan
Digitally signed by 
Kunal Amrishbhai 
Chauhan 
Date: 2025.11.10 
18:04:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY SHAH - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. SHIRISH PATEL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – PRUDENT CORPORATE 
ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. CHIRAG SHAH – NON EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. CHIRAG KOTHARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. PARTH PAREKH – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
PRUDENT CORPORATE ADVISORY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. LALIT DEO -- EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Q2 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which based 
on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements 
are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call. To give a brief 
update on the 2Q FY '26 results and address investor questions, we have with us from the 
management of Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited; Mr. Sanjay Shah, Chairman 
and Managing Director; Mr. Shirish Patel, CEO and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Chirag Shah, 
Non-Executive Director; Mr. Chirag Kothari, CFO; and Mr. Parth Parekh, Head, Investor 
Relations. 
 
We would request management to start with the opening comments, post which we can open 
the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you, dear. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I extend a warm welcome to all of you 
joining us on Prudent's second quarter earnings call. Thank you for taking the time to be with 
us. I hope you would have the investor presentation ready with you, which has been uploaded 
on the exchange yesterday. 
 
So please and I'll start talking about and we will give you the commentary. I'll refer to the 
various slides. So let us begin with the Slide 45. So this slide shows how our AUM has moved 
during the last quarter. So if you look at on this slide on the left-hand side, it's a comparison of 
daily average AUM for first half of FY '26 with our current AUM. 
 
During the first half, we earned revenue on a daily average AUM of about INR114,600 crores, 
while our current AUM stands at about INR127,000 crores, when I'm talking to you. So that's 
an increase of about 11%, which gives us a strong momentum as we enter the second half of 
the current financial year. 
 
On the right-hand side, we have quarterly average AUM trends. The average AUM for the 
quarter, was close to INR119,000 crores. This number excludes the Indus AUM, which was 
integrated in last week of September. We will start earning on that from October onwards. Our 
quarterly average AUM grew by 17% year-on-year and 8% quarter-on-quarter, reflecting 
steady business momentum. 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Now turn to Slide 46. This slide shows the momentum in our equity AUM on a both year-on-
year and quarter-on-quarter basis. Starting with the year-on-year view on the left, our equity 
AUM grew by 13.2% during Q2 FY '26. It moved from about INR103,950 crores in 
September '24 to around 117,650 crores in September '25. That's an increase of nearly 
INR13,700 crores. 
 
This growth was driven primarily by strong net sales. Despite a negative mark-to-market 
impact, our retail investor continued their systemic investments with consistency. This 
highlights the resilience and confidence of Indian retail households. 
 
Another encouraging aspect we would like to highlight is our mark-to-market impact was 
negative by 1.4% compared to a 6.2% decline in Nifty 500 in the last 12 months. This reflects 
benefit of rupee cost averaging during the volatile but range-bound market as well as an 
important role played by our distributor partners in fund selections and asset allocations. 
 
Come to quarter-on-quarter view on the right-hand side, equity AUM grew by 3.3% during the 
quarter. This was driven by strong net sales of INR3,600 crores and the addition of Indus 
AUMs about INR2,050 crores. The key highlight here is that this was one of the strongest net 
equity sales quarter in Prudent's history. 
 
So now please turn to Slide 47. So this slide highlights our SIP performance. As of September 
2025, our monthly SIP books stood at INR1,085 crores. We added about INR210 crores over 
the last 12 months. This highlights the resilience and continued growth of our SIP franchise. 
 
Our market share has improved by 10 basis points from 3.4% in September '24 to 3.5% in 
September '25. We aim to reach around INR1,200 crores in monthly SIP flow by March 2026. 
Now let us move to an important slide, which is our Slide #49 of consolidated financials. 
 
So Slide 49 outlines our consolidated financials. On the mutual fund side, our quarterly 
average AUM grew by 8% sequentially, while mutual fund revenue increased by 9%, it's 
driven by stable yield and the benefit of an additional 1 day in this quarter. So as you 
remember, because of 1 day, our revenue has gone up by roughly about INR3 crores. And 
that's the reason the revenue increased by 9%, while the average AUM grew by 8%. 
 
The heartening aspect is that despite the range-bound market, our quarterly average AUM 
grew by 19.8% on a half yearly basis. During the same period, mutual fund revenue increased 
by 18.4%. Marginal difference between AUM and revenue growth on a half yearly basis is 
primarily due to impact of back book repricing, which has started happening from August of 
last year onwards. 
 
Now I'll try and touch base the important aspect on insurance front. So on the insurance front, 
our revenue grew by 11.5% sequentially, driven by strong traction in fresh premiums. Retail 
health fresh premium grew 33% year-on-year, with the book now at INR162.5 crore. 
 
You may notice a sequential dip in the insurance yields. However, as highlighted by us in our 
March quarter call, we had recognized the insurance revenue only upon confirmation from the 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
insurers. Consequently, around INR3.5 crore revenue of earlier period was recognized by us in 
Q1 of FY '26, leading to a temporary base effect. 
 
Adjusting for this, yield remained stable sequentially, and the current quarter will provide a 
more representative view of future trends without expected impact due to GST-related 
changes. So now let me touch upon the impact of GST in the insurance segment. 
 
To be very honest, clarity is not fully emerging. A lot of discussions are happening with the 
insurance companies. So I'll just share what the situation was during the month of October. 
November is not over yet and the discussion is still ongoing. 
 
If you split the insurance business into life and health, GST impact has been quite different in 
both segments. In life insurance, out of, let us say, INR100 of premium, which we collect, 
almost INR30 of the business got impacted by GST. That means roughly 30% of our life 
business saw an 18% cut in revenue because of GST, which has been transferred to us. 
 
On the other hand, in health insurance, situation is exactly reverse. For every INR100 a 
premium, which we have collected, INR70 got impacted by GST, while remaining INR30 was 
not affected. But again, this was the position in the month of October. Final picture, the actual 
revenue impact and how arrangement will finally settle, we will be able to tell you only at the 
end of this quarter, which is after December is over. 
 
However, I thought I'll try and address, which is an important part, which is, I think, the -- 
what is happening on the GST front. Now let me touch base another important point, which is 
regarding the revenue from nonfinancial products, and that also grew sequentially. However, 
on a year-on-year basis, decline was primarily due to the absence of liquiloan in the current 
fiscal. 
 
In the previous fiscal, we earned INR6.9 crores on liquiloan, out of which INR6.2 crores was 
recognized in the first half itself. Consequently, this base effect will now taper off in the 
second half, and we expect a healthy year-on-year growth trend to resume on this line item. 
 
Now I think let me try and address the commission and fee expenditure also. So on 
commission and fee expenses, we have seen an increase of 10% compared to 8.9% growth in 
the revenue, primarily due to an additional trail commission provision. This provisioning is 
made based on the net sales achieved by partners during the fiscal year. 
This scheme was introduced by us in August, September last year. And as a result, 
provisioning in the first half of FY '25 was lower by INR4.1 crores with the majority of 
INR19.1 crores which was a full year provision was booked in the second half. 
 
Now for the current fiscal, we expect a similar total provision with INR3 crores booked in Q1 
and INR5.2 crore booked in Q2. The incremental INR2 crore provision in this quarter has 
temporarily restated the commission growth relative to the revenue. That said, we expect lower 
commission provisioning in second half compared to last year as provisioning is now more 
evenly phased throughout the year. 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Now coming to other income, which is a treasury income. While our operational profit grew 
by 7.3% sequentially, it did not fully reflect in overall profit growth due to lower treasury 
income. Mark-to-market losses on equity portfolio and lower yields on bank term deposits 
during the quarter led to partial reversal of earlier gains, creating a temporary drag on the 
overall treasury income. 
 
So during the quarter, there are 2 factors, which has impacted profitability, lower other income 
and the recognition of an additional trail commission provision this both put together is 
amounting to INR4.3 crores. If we adjust this, then our profit growth has been broadly in line 
with our revenue growth. 
 
Now let me try and touch base the very important point, which is a recent announcement about 
the SEBI, which is a draft consultation paper. So touching up on the SEBI's recent consultation 
paper on mutual fund, particularly the proposed impact in the total expense ratio. The first 
point is about the revised expense ratio, which will now be exclusive of all statutory levies, 
including GST. 
 
Earlier, only AMC's management fee attracted GST over and about TER, everything else was 
considered inclusive of GST. So if let us assume that I was earning 1% from the AMC that 1% 
was including GST, meaning my actual income was 85 basis points and 15 basis points went to 
GST. 
 
Under new structure, my rate will be 85 basis points, excluding of GST. So I'll invoice GST on 
top of that and still effectively earn 1%. So it's a revenue neutral for those who are registered 
under the GST, but a big advantage is that it removes the earlier anomaly, where a GST 
registered distributor earned less than an unregistered one. 
 
This creates a level playing field and help us attract smaller players to join the Prudent 
platform. So even though it's neutral in revenue terms, it's strategically a huge benefit for us. 
Second point is the removal of 5 basis point of exit load, benefit of which has been there since 
2012 for all open ended schemes. 
SEBI has compensated slightly by increasing TER in first 2 slabs up to INR750 crores by 
about 5 basis points. But overall, the industry impact will still be a reduction of around 4 to 4.5 
basis points on the TER because of this 5 basis points which is removed. 
 
Third point is on the brokerage cost. SEBI has proposed reduction on brokerage on cash 
transactions to 2 basis points and 1 on the derivative side. Currently, we are of the view that 
AMC is paying roughly about 5 to 6 basis points. So this could mean an overall impact of 2 to 
2.5 basis points assuming onetime portfolio turnover ratio for the entire industry. 
 
So putting all this together, the exit load charge and brokerage reduction, total impact on the 
TER side should be in the range of 6 to 7 basis points. This impact, we assume that this could 
be shared by everybody in the value chain, be it the institutional brokers or RTAs or AMCs or 
even to the distributors also. 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
And since it affects everyone, and whenever we always say that whenever the impact is 
transferred to the distributors, I'm sure it will be transferred to everybody. And in that 
situation, we'll also be in a position to share this pain with our distributors. 
 
But just a quick reminder, this is just a draft paper. SEBI has invited feedback until 17th of 
November, and there is a good chance that some relaxation may come either on the exit load 
side or on the brokerage. But whatever happens, I think it will probably dilute the impact only. 
 
Therefore, I thought I'll try and touch with this point to highlight what is changing where the 
impact lies and how it could actually turn out to be positive for us. Now let me also talk about 
the ESOP plan, which has been announced by us very recently. So we have granted 130,945 
options to 388 employees. 
On the day of announcement, option value per share was approximately 542 as per CA 
certificate, which will be amortized over a period of next 12 months, equal each quarter. So we 
expect a P&L hit of about INR7.10 crores, which will be booked under the share-based 
payment expenditure under employee benefit expenses. 
 
Finally, to conclude, we have successfully completed the merger of Indus acquisition. It's a 
very highly cash accretive addition to our platform, powered by 15 experienced relationship 
managers under a seasoned business head. It is expected to deliver annualized mutual fund 
commission of about INR22 crores to INR23 crores and the cash profit before tax of 
approximately INR15 crores. 
 
We continue to see a growing interest from distributors seeking alignment with scale and 
technology-driven platform to ensure business and service continuity for their clients. A space 
that Prudent is well positioned and open to explore strategic opportunities. Our treasury corpus 
currently stand at INR480 crores providing us to pursue select inorganic opportunities which 
are strategically relevant and value creative to us. 
 
With that, I would now like to open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, firstly, a broader question rightly towards the end of your opening comments, you 
mentioned about distributor addition and you had almost about 1,000 distributors in this 
quarter. Now how is the landscape changing on the ground for adding distributors because 
what we are hearing is there is a high competitive intensity to acquire distributors from many 
players. 
And therein, they are sharing a much higher number in the first year from a commission 
perspective. We are hearing numbers as high as 80%, 90% in the first year as well. So is that 
the landscape changing materially? And how do you see this going ahead? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Shirish? 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Shirish Patel: 
So definitely, I think as we discussed earlier, I think there are a few more platforms entered in 
the industry, and there could be the competition to the distributor empanelment. But on a 
positive side, I would say that more and more people are working to get more distributors to 
the mutual fund industry. That is a positive thing. 
 
But on existing mutual fund distributor, competition will increase that we also we have to 
accept. Two things I would say here. One, more and more people communicate the advantage 
of platform. Earlier, only 2 major players on a platform side were communicating the 
advantage of working with platform versus AMC. Now at least 6, 7 people will communicate 
the advantage. 
So more and more people will go towards the platform, so that is a positive thing and within 
platform we will compete. So I don't think that there is a big major impact on our recruitment 
side. To give you the number, I think last entire year, we recruited almost 4,800-plus new 
MFDs or ARN holders in our kitty and it was one of the highest in our history. 
So that say, that in spite of increased competition, the number of ARN holders getting 
registered with Prudent and working with Prudent has not come down. Even if I talk about this 
financing year YTD, we already have recruited close to 3,100. 
 
So proportionately, we are much ahead of what we did last year also. So in spite of increasing 
in the competition, more and more people are joining Prudent platform. Of course, I think 
competition will make the case of working with platform stronger. Yes, I think we are 
watching them. But as of now, I think we are not seeing any impact. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And my main question around that was the sharing of commissions with the distributors 
whether you would have to kind of move towards what the new players are kind of giving the 
sharing commissions with the distributors? And would that mean some pressure on your 
profitability going ahead? 
Shirish Patel: 
So if you see, they are there in the market for almost more than 1.5 years. Since beginning, 
their commercial sharing is higher than what we offer. Last 1.5 years, we have not changed our 
strategy to increase our pass out’s. Of course, I think that might create pressure on a few 
smaller distributors getting attracted with the higher commission. But as of now because of the 
competition, we have not seen any impact on our pass out’s currently. So that is it. As of now, 
we are not thinking of changing our strategy. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And is it fair to assume that your sharing, which was like slightly elevated as you explained 
and there was some additional trail-related impact in this quarter, it will normalize to 
something like 60%, 60.5% to 60.5% from Q3 onwards. 
Shirish Patel: 
Yes, Sanjay? No, no, I think share you're talking about 60%, 60.5% is not the truth. I think we 
are sharing roughly about -- our weighted average sharing is in the range of 67%, 68% in the 
indirect channel. And there is a direct channel also. 
So probably, if you look at -- you just look at the mutual fund piece only, I'm talking because 
we do not provide the segment revenue. The mutual fund side, our sharing is in the range of 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
65% to 67%. And that probably -- and then if you go to a probably higher band, I think that is 
significantly higher. 
So probably Shirish has said that we have not changed the strategy. However, I can also tell 
you that on the topper end, I don't think there is -- we are very, very competitive. Only problem 
might happen at the initial level of the entry-level players. Otherwise, our sharing ratio 
probably will try to maintain the same, which is currently there. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Sir, second question is on the insurance side, rightly you mentioned that the health 
insurance business is impacted more, but the communication from health insurance companies 
has been that the growth in the business particularly in the month of October, whatever growth 
we have seen, will it be more than enough to offset the impact of the commissions for the 
distributor? 
Is that a trend that you've also seen in the month of October where the growth has been much 
stronger than what you would have seen in the first 6 months? So any colour that, that would 
help us understand how the Q3 kind of will pan out for us. 
Shirish Patel: 
So definitely, one thing for sure that because of the health insurance becoming cheaper, more 
and more people will try to go for the health insurance, really try to increase the coverage that 
also will help to get the higher premium. If you look at my October number, definitely, if I 
look at my premium growth over August and September, we can see the growth over August 
and September. 
It's too early to communicate that month of October, the growth in the premium is just because 
of reduction in the GST. Maybe that will be the pent-up demand because many of the investor, 
many of the policyholder, many of the distributors would not have participated in the health 
insurance in the month of September, waiting for the GST cut.  
So it's too early to communicate that the growth in the month of October is mainly because of 
GST cut only. I think probably, 3, 4 months down the line, we will be able to communicate 
that is there a genuine growth, but yes, October month, we have seen the growth. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Last question is on employee expenses. How much of ESOP costs were there in this 
quarter? And how should we think about ESOP cost for FY '26 and FY '27? 
Shirish Patel: 
So I think ESOP cost has not been part of a result, which has been announced. So I already 
said in the opening remarks that ESOP cost -- because I think ESOP valuation will be 
happening on every quarter. But however, the day when we announced the ESOP, I think the 
option premium price calculation, I think the cost was roughly about INR7.1 crores. 
And we are assuming that INR7.1 crores, it will be cost for the next 12 months. Starting from 
current quarter, we'll amortize 7.1 divided by 4 every quarter. And now we'll, I think, make it a 
trend also that every October will announce the ESOP so that there should not be any, I think, 
overlay of write-offs. 
Prayesh Jain: 
INR7.1 crores will be over a period of vesting period or it's 1 year cost? 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Shirish Patel: 
So vesting period is after 12 months. It's over a period of next 12 months. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from B&K Securities. 
Swarnabha Mukherjeeb: 
A couple of questions from my side. First of all, in terms of the flow, so our net flows 
improved this quarter from the previous quarter. And I think if SIP run rate also is better. So in 
October, what is the trend? If you could give us some colour on that? 
And the second question is in terms of these impacts on -- from GST-related the impact of the 
insurance side and the overall impact on the mutual fund side, a potential impact which might 
happen due to the SEBI paper. How much of that can we pass on to the distributor? Will it be 
in that same sharing ratio or you can be able to pass it on fully? 
Shirish Patel: 
So the first point is October month net sales is higher than what we did in the month of August 
and September in spite of having the festive seasons. We could see that the momentum of 
mutual fund continues, the participation in equity funds continues and the gross flows and the 
SIP flows continued. So October month in terms of net sales is far better. Coming to the GST 
impact to the insurance side, first on the insurance side. 
So mainly, we will be able to pass it on in proportion to our distributor. So whatever would be 
the impact on -- because of the GST, whatever will be passed on to us by the manufacturer of 
the insurance company, we are very, very confident that we'll be able to pass it on the 
proportionate sharing cost to our distributor. So we don't see any challenge there in terms of 
margins. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Right, sir. And in terms of the potential impact of the SEBI paper, again same question, how 
much will you able to pass on in the same sharing ratio? 
Shirish Patel: 
So in mutual fund, assuming that the final impact comes the way the consultation paper is 
talking about, we rather believe that we would be the beneficiary because today, our almost 1/3 
of our AUM is contributed or rather I would say that the brokerage pay-out is contributed by 
those who are non-GST. so probably, I think today, they have got this tax arbitrage because of 
this, but they are not paying GST on that. 
So we are very, very confident that we'll be able to pass it on to the hit to them in ratio of what 
the current sharing is. Probably it might benefit also.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citibank. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just a few questions from my side. First, in terms of going back to the previous participant 
question in terms of the mutual fund business. Obviously, you announced the circular which 
has come out, there was a previous portion of the circular somewhere around May 2023. And I 
would assume that at that point of time, you might have had some discussions with the 
manufacturers or the asset managers in terms of how the distribution of this burden will 
happen between various stakeholders in the ecosystem. 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
So based on these prior discussions and maybe incremental discussions that you might have 
had in the last, let's say, 2 to 3 weeks. What do you think -- what do you sense would be a 
sharing ratio ballpark this time around versus, let's say, September 2019, where distributors 
were taking majority of burden. And that's the first question. 
 
My second question is in terms of your MFD base, what would be the attrition rate, let's say, 
amongst your top 10% or the top 20% of the MFDs and maybe not for the quarter, but more 
from like, say, FY '25 versus '24 versus '23. I mean is that -- and even 1H '26, how is that 
attrition trend really changing? I mean that would give us some colour of the competition? 
 
And third question is on the POSP business. And given the fact that we have seen surrender 
charges, now we are seeing GST, multiple headwinds in terms of realization. Just from a 
profitability perspective and from a more medium-term perspective, what do you think can be 
the growth trajectory of this business? 
And is there a way you can really pass on a little bit more to the underlying POSP agents? And 
the reason I ask this is because there are multiple POSP platforms in the country, which 
obviously pay much higher realizations or much higher pass-through rates. So those would be 
my 3 questions. 
Shirish Patel: 
To give the answer of your first question, comparing 2019 and comparing now, the 2019 
AMCs have passed on majority of the hit. Currently, after the consultation paper, what kind of 
hit they will be able to pass it on. I think no AMC will currently communicate officially. But 
my guess is that whatever would be the impact this time to the AMC majority of the hit, AMC 
will pass it on to distributor. That is what my reading after discussion with them. 
 
The reason being last 2 years, many of the AMCs have done the TER cut on the book when 
there were no regulatory changes in spite of that, I think AMCs have cut the book commission 
for major of the distributor to maintain their margin. This time is the regulatory change. 
So my gut feeling or my discussion with them this time, they will be able to pass it on, they 
will pass it on majority of the cut to the distributor. That is what my reading is. I don't know 
how finally they will act but as of now, the reading is they will pass it on the major burden. 
 
The second point is the attrition of top 20% partner because new and new platforms are paying 
higher commission and a lot of competition has emerged in the 1.5, 2 years. I would say that 
the trend in case even if there's an attrition, it would be on a smaller -- smaller AUM partner, 
not on a bigger AUM partner. 
The reason being the bonding of the bigger AUM partner, involvement of our team with the 
bigger partner is much, much stronger historically also. The smaller AUM partners, their 
engagement, their relationships probably, I think are building new or any I think the 
relationship that might not stronger because of the smaller scale. 
 
Second point, I would say that all the new platforms are paying the flat commission which is 
on a higher side, mainly that would be a big difference to the smaller-size AUM partner. As 
you know that in Prudent, we already have a tiered structure. 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Smaller the AUM lowered the commission, higher the AUM, higher the commission. So 
probably the commission impact or the commission difference would be seen by the smaller 
distributors versus with Prudent versus new platform. So that bigger AUM partners moving or 
joining other platform, I think that trend is not there. 
 
So attrition, I would say that there is hardly any attrition rather I would say that there is a zero 
attrition among top 10% partners or our top 20% of our partners. If at all, there is some 
attrition, it would be on the smaller AUM partners. And again, it is not universal. It would be 
on a few branches where my team would have joined the competition platform and because of 
the relationship they would have gone there. 
 
Again, that will be on a new business and not the full business. So attrition wise, we have not 
seen any meaningful attrition in the last 1, 2 years. Third point you said is the impact of 
insurance in insurance in GST due to the surrender charges guidelines, which impacted the 
revenue last year. 
 
Definitely, I think this time, post GST, the impact will be much, much higher, mainly on the 
health insurance side because the revenue might come down by around 18%. Entire GST 
component might be transferred to the distributor community. The impact of revenue on the 
health insurance side definitely would be higher. 
On a life insurance side, as of now, I think still insurance companies are discussing and 
negotiating. So we are not sure that how much percentage finally will be passed on to the 
distribution community. 
As of now, the discussions are on. I would say that in the health insurance side, more than 70% 
of our business got impacted in the health insurance side. 30% is currently under negotiation 
under discussion, it is not impacted in the month of October. If I take the similar case for life 
insurance, 30% got impacted in the month of October, 70% still the discussions are on. So 
what will be the final impact. 
I think once we finalize our discussion with the insurance companies, we'll be able to 
communicate. But yes, I think whatever would be the impact or pass on the impact to the 
distribution community. 
I'm sure I think they will do for the agency channel also when they do with the agency channel 
than when the insurance company passing on to all the distributors, we will be able to pass it 
on to our distributor also at least in the proportion of our sharing ratio. We don't see a bigger 
challenge. At least we are very, very confident that we'll be able to pass it on the hit at least 
equal to the sharing ratio or a little higher in insurance segment. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just one follow-up on the first part, if I understood correctly, what you said is that because 
mutual funds have demonstrated a capability to pass on to distributors even during absence of 
regulatory changes. You think that this time around also majority of the AMC will pass 
maximum portion of the impact to the distributors? Is your understanding of hypothesis or 
something? Is that the right understanding? 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Shirish Patel: 
Yes, yes. That is what I believe. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, my first question is on Indus, the 2,000 source of AUM. You could just add that how much 
yield you can we will get. And the INR124 crores cash PayOut of how long it will be 
amortized over the period? So that's my first question. 
Shirish Patel: 
So Sanketh, I think, INR2,000 crores is over 2% of our overall AUM. And more or less, my 
belief is that -- because if you look at whenever the merger happens, this merger formula says 
that you will get the rate whichever is lower between the two. So the -- it cannot be yield 
accretive in any case. 
Let us say, for example, on a particular transaction, Indus is getting 1% and Prudent is getting 
90 basis points, I'll get 90 basis points. Or, for example, in particular transaction, I would have 
got 1.10, but they are getting 1%, I'll get 1%. 
 
So because of the merger rule, it has to be lower of my rate or their rate. So in that situation, it 
cannot be accretive to the yield as far as the overall my broad is concerned. Number two is, as 
far as amortization concerned, we are yet to talk to the auditor because to be very frank, we are 
of the view that this is an asset, which we have acquired, we have the precedence like Karvy 
and Ifast. We believe that these are very long term in nature as far as benefit is concerned, and 
we are able to demonstrate the benefit. 
 
So we'll talk to auditor and yet we need to finalize, whether it should be amortized over a prior 
of 10 years or even more. So the question is at an open-ended stage. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, in Karvy, amortization period, what auditor ultimately decided was how many years? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So I think at that time, we took 10 years as an amortization. So out of INR150 crores, we are 
writing of INR15 crores every year. But now almost 4.5 years complete, and we have a very 
good track record to go and talk to them that should we continue with 10 years, the formula or 
we should make some changes. So I think that's why I'm just giving you a hint that we'll talk to 
auditor. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes. Understood. And Indus yield, will trickle down to bottomline, right? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes. So because it's pure B2C business. So as I already told in the opening remarks, we are 
expecting about INR22 crores to INR23 crores of top line. And we might -- I think the profit 
before tax -- before amortization would be about INR15 crore. So there is a cost of about INR5 
crores, INR6 crores for running this business. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. Understood. Perfect, sir. And my second question is on your if I look at the 
number of MFDs who have become insurance POSPs. That number is stagnating around 
13,000, that number has not grown. So sir, just wanted to understand the incremental addition 
of MFDs doing insurance is becoming difficult?  

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Shirish Patel: 
So basically, I would say that last 1 year, we were migrating our insurance business from 
Gennext to Prudent. So earlier, whatever recruitment or the POSP registration, we did, it was 
in Gennext. From 1st of April, we started doing business, majority of the business in Prudent. 
So obviously, we had 2 challenges, we had to migrate -- we have to recruit the new POSP with 
Prudent. 
And also those who are willing to keep their POSP registration from Gennext to Prudent, we 
also had to accommodate them. So obviously, last, I think, 6 to 8 months, our efforts were also 
converting or those who are willing to migrate their POSP license from Gennext to Prudent.  
Obviously, hence, I think the focus on new POSP registration was less. And that is where you 
were saying that it is stagnated. But still, I won't say it is stagnated. I still think there is a 
growth of new POSP, Month on month also, we are able to see the growth in the PSOP 
number.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. Understood, sir. And another question was on insurance, basically, you mentioned 
that in life insurance, 30% of the business we saw a commission cut. So when we say 30% 
unlike 70% in case of health, any particular product wherein you saw the highest cut whether 
on par or non-par. 
Shirish Patel: 
See, life insurance, I think 30% business what we have communicated that GST cut would be 
passed on. One, on the insurance company side. A few of the insurance companies has said 
entire business got repriced with 18%. That is one. 
A few of the insurance companies have said that we are just waiting and watching, and we will 
-- we are just discussing with them for the entire product basket, 1 or 2 insurance companies 
have passed it on the ULIP side. So just I think it a mixed bag on the total side, I would say 
that around 30% business at impact. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. So there is no consistent trend like health insurance. 
Shirish Patel: 
There is no consistent trend currently. No, no. Still it is under various discussion stage. Finally, 
I think we believe that I think final outcome would only be known by March quarter only. I 
think few more insurance companies give some clarity probably in this in this quarter.  
The final outcome probably would be known on 1st April only. That is what my belief is. But 
yes, I think we'll get more clarity during this quarter and see more companies confirm next 
quarter. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. Understood, sir. And then lastly, on your mix, can you wish to give and net flow 
number or gross flow number. Can you give a colour how the AUMs in small mid-cap hybrid 
or vis-a-vis to the SIP book or gross sales numbers? 
Shirish Patel: 
So you are talking about the mix of AUM? 
Sanketh Godha: 
Basically, I want to know the mix of AUM? And how different is incremental sales compared 
to the outstanding book? 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Shirish Patel: 
So mid and small contribution, in terms of asset, they are around 23%, 24% of all my equity 
assets. So there is no significant trend in terms of sales in gross and sales in mid and small 
probably the SIP registration or SIP, the contribution of small and mid will be much higher. 
This is our 1/3 of our new SIP registration is in small and mid. But historically also small and 
mid contributes around the similar kind of number in terms of new SIP registration. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pranuj Shah from 3P Investment Managers. 
Pranuj Shah: 
I just have 1 clarification on the insurance bit of it. So when you say that 70% in health and 
30% in life is where you have seen the GST impact come in. So is this where your 
commissions have been negotiated down by 15%, so that whatever GST used to pay has been 
passed on to you? 
Shirish Patel: 
Practically earlier, whatever my commission used to be, let us say, my commissions were 
20%, we used to pay the GST. So 20% plus 18% of 20%. That is how the insurance company 
used to pay. When we say that 70% business got impacted in terms of health insurance, the 
20% commission, the f 20% commission has continued, but now communication is that 20% 
includes the GST component. So the commissions, for example, 20 plus GST, now it is 20% 
minus GST. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus. 
Lalit Deo: 
Just two questions. So firstly, on this new product with a new category, which is SIF, so we 
have seen 2 launches in the last 2 months. So just wanted to understand like what kind of an -- 
did we participate in those 2 products and whether we raised any amount? And what would be 
the yield and the sharing ratio as we have done this? 
Sanjay Shah: 
So we are very, very bullish on this new category. Unfortunately, the number of certified 
MFDs in the country are yet very, very low. And hence, in our system also out of our 34,000, 
35,000 ARN holders. Those who are certified to sell SIP are less. Hence, the participation of 
partners in SIF business is very, very less. While we are talking more than 200-plus partners 
are certified that the Industry numbers are around 3,000 plus somewhere. The industry around 
3,000-plus ARM orders are certified for SIF. The same number for us is around 200 plus. 
 
We participated in SIF, but obviously, we did not participate very, very actively or 
aggressively Main reason was because this was a new product, the technical integration was 
not ready by RTA. So first two NFO, we missed because the integration did not happen in our 
fundzbazar portal -- but having said that t still in first 2 NFOs, we did around INR9 crores to 
INR10 crores. 
Lalit Deo: 
Got sir. And just on back book repricing -- so any other AMC, which -- where there are some 
active discussions on this back book repricing on the mutual fund side? 
Shirish Patel: 
So currently, no AMC is right now talking, but as 1 or 2 AMCs have already communicated 
specifically in Nippon that they will revisit their TER sharing every quarter and every half 
year. if there is a big yield pressure, they might change on a back book side. As a process, only 

 
 
Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Nippon has communicated. Other AMCs occasionally as and when they feel the pressure, they 
will pass it on. But currently, there is no discussion with any AMC. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
Lalit Deo: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for attending this call. And if there is any question, which 
has not been addressed if you have any query, I think the management, including parts who 
handles our IR is all the time available to you guys. Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. on the behalf of Equirus Securities Private Limited, that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. 
The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
