 
 
 
Brainbees Solutions Limited                                                                          CIN: L51100PN2010PLC136340 
Corporate/Registered Office:- Rajashree Business Park, Plot No. 114, Survey No. 338, Tadiwala Road, Nr. Sohrab 
Hall, Pune – 411001 Contact: +91-8482989157 Email Id:legal@firstcry.com  Website: www.firstcry.com 
 
FC/SE/2025-26/64 
November 20, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: FIRSTCRY 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 544226 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Audio-Video Earnings Call for quarter and half year ended September 
30, 2025 results  
  
Ref: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing 
Regulations”) and our earlier intimation dated November 07, 2025 bearing reference no. 
FC/SE/2025-26/57 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
In terms of Regulation 30 and Regulation 46 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
Listing Regulations, please see enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call with the 
Analysts/Investors held on Friday, November 14, 2025 post announcement of Un-audited 
Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2025. 
The audio-video recording of the Earnings Call along with the Transcript has been uploaded 
on the Company’s website and the same can be accessed from the link provided below: 
https://www.firstcry.com/investor-relations/quarterly-results.   
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Brainbees Solutions Limited 
 
Neha Surana  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ICSI Membership No.: A35205 
Encl: Transcript of the Audio-Video Earnings Call  
 
Neha Virendra 
Surana
Digitally signed by 
Neha Virendra Surana 
Date: 2025.11.20 
19:20:03 +05'30'

 
 
 
1 
 
 
“Brainbees Solutions Limited (FirstCry) - Earnings Call 
Q2 and H1’FY26 Results” 
November 14, 2025, 6.00 p.m. IST 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Managing Director & CEO 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Chief Business Officer 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Country Head, Middle East Business 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
CEO, Globalbees 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Investor Relations 
 
 
 

 
 
 
2 
 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Brainbees Solutions 
Limited Q2 and H1’FY26 earnings call. This is Anish Arora, and 
I have with me, Mr. Supam Maheshwari, Managing Director 
and CEO of the Company, Mr. Gautam Sharma, Group CFO, 
Mr. Vivek Goel, Chief Business Officer of the Company, Mr. 
Abhinav Sharma, Country Head of Middle East Business 
Operations and Mr. Anuj Jain, CEO of Globalbees. 
 
Kindly note that this call is meant for analysts and investors of 
the Company. We wish to highlight that the call is being 
recorded and by participating in this event, you consent to 
such recording, distribution and publication. All participants 
have been muted as per the default mode and participants 
will be unmuted once we open the Q&A forum for the 
members to ask questions after the presentation from the 
management concludes. 
 
We will be covering the presentation in the beginning of the 
call and we will there after open for the Q&A forum. We 
would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and the 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the investor 
presentation shared with you.  
 
With this, I hand over to Mr. Supam Maheshwari. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Good evening, everyone. Sorry, am I audible? Because we had 
some trouble earlier. Good evening, everyone. Can you hear 
us?  
 
Okay, all right. So, first of all, I'd like to say Happy Children's 
Day to all of you. Thanks for joining our Q2 and H1’FY26 
earnings presentation. Anish, can we move to the next slide, 
please? Yeah. We'll take you through our H1 and Q2 
performance highlights. In this quarter and in H1, happy to 
share the progress, a report card. On the consolidated basis, 

 
 
 
3 
 
we have been PBT positive, adjusted for ESOP cost in Q2 as 
well as H1’FY26. Also happy to report that Adjusted EBITDA 
increased by 51%, in quarter 2 of FY26, led by improvement 
across all our business segments. And we continue to remain, 
free cash flow positive as well for H1FY26. 
 
Now on the segmental updates. At a broad level, India Multi-
Channel, despite deferring of consumer demand due to 
implementation of new generation GST reforms, we 
witnessed sequential improvement in YOY basis on growth 
rate for GMV across, both online and offline channels. And, 
with further expansion of our faster delivery initiative, that we 
spoke about at length last time around, during our earnings 
call, and plus new scale-up of our new initiatives that we had 
discussed last time, but we will share more details this time 
around, we believe our year-on-year GMV growth rate for 
both online and offline will be sequentially better for second 
half of the FY26. We continue to be PAT, and Free Cash Flow 
positive in H1FY26. On the International business, we 
delivered another quarter of sustainable growth, as we have 
spoken about in our last several earnings call. And this comes 
with a significant improvement in the Adjusted EBITDA, which 
has been around 52% on a year-on-year basis for quarter 2 of 
FY26. On the Globalbees front, we delivered another strong 
quarter of organic growth, with core categories driving the 
growth momentum, as well as the profitability. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
We continue to improve our EBITDA across all the business 
segments. As Supam mentioned on the previous slide, our 
Adjusted EBITDA for the consol business in Q2 has grown by 
51% year-on-year. And if we further break it down into 
different business segments, we can see India Multi-Channel 
Business EBITDA has improved by 14% year-on-year. 
International business, as Supam mentioned and we have 
talked about this on our previous calls that we will continue 
to focus on reduction of losses in the International business. 
You can see a significant reduction of losses in our 

 
 
 
4 
 
International business, from a loss of INR 39.4 crore in Q2 of 
FY25, we have reduced this by more than half to INR 18.9 
crore rupees in Q2 of FY26. Globalbees EBITDA continue to 
improve, an increase of 23% year-on-year in Q2’FY26 over 
Q2‘FY25. Others, which is a preschool business, continue to 
deliver a strong EBITDA, it's an increase of 55% year-on-year 
in Q2’FY26.  
 
This is a snapshot of Q2 performance for the consol business. 
Annual Unique Transacting Customers, this is for trailing 12-
months, stands to be 11 million. It's an increase of 11% year-
on-year. This is for the India Multi-Channel business and the 
International business. Similarly, GMV has also grown by 11% 
for India and International Business put together. Revenue 
from operations, on a consol basis, has increased by 10% year-
on-year. Similarly, the consol Adjusted EBITDA, which we 
talked about on the previous slides, has increased by 51% 
year-on-year. Talking about the India multi-channel business 
EBITDA, it has increased by 14% in Q2’FY26 over Q2’FY25. And 
we continue to improve the Cash Profit After Tax, which 
stands at INR 71.6 crore, with an improvement of 157% over 
Q2’FY25. 
 
Now I hand over to Vivek to take you through the 
performance of India Multi-Channel Business. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Just give us one minute, please 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Hello everyone. Apologies for the technical glitch. Happy 
Children’s Day, everyone.  
 
The Q2 for India multi-channel business played out for us in 
two parts. The first half of the quarter was very good and we 
also alluded to it in our earnings call during last time. The 
growth in the second half of the quarter was moderated as 
the customers deferred their purchases following the 
announcement of the new GST rate reforms, as Supam had 

 
 
 
5 
 
also mentioned. We witnessed this from mid-August to late 
September. In order to incentivize the customers, during this 
period, we increased our discounts on our platform, which 
has resulted in difference in GMV and revenue growth. And 
also a slight reduction in gross margin that you'll see in the 
next slide. However, our adjusted EBITDA margins continue to 
expand. Further, it is important to note that the GMV growth 
on year-on-year basis has sequentially improved on both 
online as well as offline channels in Q2’FY26. Also, would like 
to highlight that we witnessed very encouraging signs of 
growth both during and post-festive season for both online 
and offline channels. On the profitability front, I'm happy to 
announce again, that India Multi-Channel Business continue 
to be PAT and Free Cash Flow positive in H1 of FY26.  
 
When it comes to annual unique transacting customers, we 
grew by 11% in Q2’FY26 to 10.5 million. India omni-channel 
business had orders growth of 8% in Q2FY26 and for half-
yearly basis, for H1’FY26, we grew by 7%. Our GMV increased 
by 12% in Q2’FY26. And on a half-yearly basis in H1FY26 over 
H1FY25, we grew by 11%.  
 
So, as I mentioned earlier, India multi-channel business 
witnessed continuous expansion of adjusted EBITDA margins. 
Our EBITDA margins for Q2’FY26 grew to 9.1%, from 8.6% and 
for half-yearly basis, we grew to 8.9% from 8.5%. When it 
comes to Gross Margin, as I mentioned, there's a slight 
decline, in Q2’FY26 to 37% from 37.3%, however, at half-
yearly basis in H1’FY26, we grew to 37.4%, which is 40 basis 
point growth over last year 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
On India multi-channel business, just wanted to highlight few 
key initiatives that we are undertaking to drive growth. First 
one is the new generation GST reforms, it's obviously a gift 
from the government. Almost one-third of our portfolio 
transitioned to 5% GST. It'll help us spur demand for all 
retailers, including FirstCry. So that'll definitely be a very good 

 
 
 
6 
 
positive for us. Most importantly, what is in our control and 
what we are endearing to deliver, which we have spoken at 
length last time around. Happy to report that we have 
expanded our delivery network, from 4 cities to 13 cities, 
which is our in-house delivery network and that has helped us 
significantly to improve the TAT and has resulted in growth in 
those cities, as well as the customer experience. We continue 
to expand on this initiative. Our endeavor is to continue 
expand month on month, and add more cities to be able to 
cover half of our shipments by mid-next year.  
 
And the next initiative that we would like to share with you all 
is that we have been witnessing, we had witnessed in the past, 
is around the footfalls in the offline channel. Here we are 
aiming to roll out a realigned product portfolio by H1’FY27. 
Here, instead of playing with a width strategy, we'll be playing 
more of a depth strategy, enabling us more margins which we 
will be able to pass to the customer and thereby expanding 
our certain customer base that we will be able to target 
additionally, without really losing any material margins, at a 
gross margin level. With this, we anticipate increase in 
footfall, as well as conversion. Also, with improvement in 
faster delivery network, that we are creating, this all has been 
created in the last 6 to 7 months only. And we rapidly continue 
to increase this. We are encouraged with this, to the extent 
that we will be actually spending more marketing money and 
we will still manage our unit economics and we will able to 
accelerate the growth. Because we are able to now offer 
much superior customer experience that we have not been 
able to deliver in the past. So with these initiatives, we 
believe, the best is yet to come for us, and H2 and even FY27 
looks more promising, as we progress towards in the H2 and 
the FY27 zone. Now I will hand over to Abhinav to take you 
through International business update. 
 

 
 
 
7 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Thank you, Supam, and Good Evening, everyone. Happy 
Children's Day to everybody. The best forum you can expect 
to get wished for Happy Children's Day, I believe.  
 
Very excited and happy to share that we've launched our first 
store in Riyadh, in Saudi Arabia. It's a company-owned and 
operated store, in a mall. We launched it somewhere around 
the third week of August’25 and it is off to a very promising 
start, both from a customer experience or customer feedback 
standpoint, as well as the first sort of metrics that we've 
measured. Early days, but very promising and very excited and 
happy to share with you. And I think 14th November is a very 
good date to share with you this news as well. Anish, onto the 
next slide, please.  
 
So, as mentioned in the previous calls, both by Supam and 
Gautam as well, as I, we're truly on our journey towards a very 
sustainable growth. This quarter as well, we've been able to 
deliver, in both the countries, both the markets, UAE and KSA, 
a very sustainable quarterly growth, by optimizing our top-
line mix, resulting in a very superior GMV to revenue 
conversion, and superior gross margins as well. Also, a 
relentless focus on acquiring superior quality customers 
ensuring a very high probability of retention, which has been 
a key driver to the results that we'll see in the next couple of 
slides. AUTC grew by 12% in Q2 of FY26 versus the same 
quarter last year. Orders grew by 9%, in comparable quarters. 
We saw 8% order growth in the first half of this year versus 
last year. GMV grew by 9% in comparable quarters, and 6% 
versus the first half of last year.  
 
Revenue, which actually is the metric that we all should look 
at from an International business, to measure the scale of the 
business, we grew 13% from INR 208 crores to INR 236 crores 
approximately, in Q2 of FY26 versus same quarter last year. 
To top it up, we expanded our gross margins by 300 basis 
points from 23.3% to 26.3%. Sort of a similar story for the first 

 
 
 
8 
 
half of this year versus last year. 13% growth in revenue, from 
INR 392 crores to INR 443 crores, with gross margin expansion 
of about 200 basis points from 23.6% to 25.6%. Having done 
that, we also ensured what we promised, over the last few 
calls, is a relentless focus on burn reduction and loss 
reduction. We saw a significant reduction in Q2 this year by 
52%, INR 39.4 crores going to just under INR 19 crores, which 
then helped us with our EBITDA margins by 1,100 basis points 
from 19% to 8% in Q2 of this year. Progressively, even in the 
first half of this year versus last year, we saw 42% decrease in 
losses in absolute terms, and a similar sort of EBITDA margin 
improvement from 18% to 9%.  
 
This shows us a progressive sort of a loss reduction journey 
that we've embarked upon. The sustainable growth journey 
that we've spelled out very clearly over the previous calls, as 
well as on this call. If you compare FY25 versus FY23, we had 
about an 831 bps reduction in our EBITDA losses, 25% going 
to 16%, and that continued in the first half of this year. 16% 
last year became 9% this year. So, there is a relentless focus 
and razor-sharp focus on both expanding the topline, gross 
margins, as well as reducing losses. So that's been, sort of our 
cornerstone for this year, and for this quarter, as well as last 
quarter. And we believe that subsequent quarters also, we 
will continue to deliver reduced losses and top-line expansion, 
on both fronts. 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Good Evening, everyone. I'm sorry, because of a technical 
glitch, I think the video is not coming on, but nevertheless, let 
me continue with the update on Globalbees.  
 
So our core categories, continue to demonstrate strong 
growth. These core categories witnessed a 30%+ year-on-year 
growth in H1’FY26. Further, the margin profile for core brands 
also continue to be strong. Core categories are operating at 
5%+ adjusted EBITDA margins post-corporate expenses. As 
mentioned on previous calls, we continue to rationalize our 

 
 
 
9 
 
portfolio across other brands. And therefore, the overall 
growth and overall margins are the way that they are. Our 
endeavor is to complete this rationalization of other brands 
within the next couple of quarters. Overall, the revenue 
growth in H1’FY26 was 21% year-on-year with an adjusted 
EBITDA margin of 1.6%. Specifically for the last quarter, we 
have grown at 14% overall. However, if we focus on core 
categories, the growth is 20% plus year-on-year. And if we 
account for the new settlement policy of Flipkart, that some 
colleagues in the industry have also called out, the year-on-
year growth is in the mid-20s. An important point I would like 
to highlight is that this entire growth is organic, and the last 
acquisition that we made was in September 2022.  
 
We're four years into the business. The first year went in 
priming the engine, and we've been scaling up our businesses 
over the last 3 years. If we look at EBITDA performance over 
the last 3 years, you will see that the adjusted EBITDA has 
moved from 0% in FY24 to 5%+ adjusted EBITDA in H1’FY26. 
And we continue to endeavor to demonstrate, a great balance 
of growth as well as an improvement in adjusted EBITDA. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So this is the combined result for all the four business 
segments. In fact, we didn't have any slide on the education 
business. The preschool business revenue in Q2 has grown by 
22% and we talked about the growth in the EBITDA, which has 
grown by almost 26% in Q2 over last year Q2.  
 
So if you combine the results of all the four business 
segments, we get a 10% growth in our net revenue for Q2 
over previous year Q2, and the H1 revenue growth is 11% 
year-on-year. If you see the gross margins, while for the Q2 
there is a slight dip in the gross margin, largely coming out of 
the Globalbees business, which Anuj explained in the previous 
slides, due to rationalization of other brands which should be 
over in a couple of quarters. And second is a slight change in 
the revenue mix within the business segments. However, H1 

 
 
 
10 
 
over H1, we continue to improve gross margin. It has 
increased by 10 bps in H1FY26. A clear focus on improvement 
of the Adjusted EBITDA on a consol basis. We talked about the 
Q2 EBITDA performance, a 51% increase in consol adjusted 
EBITDA for Q2 year on year, and similarly, if we talk about the 
H1 improvement, it's an improvement of around 38% year-
on-year. From 4.3%, it improved to 5.4% in H1FY26 and 4.2% 
in Q2FY25 has reached to 5.8% in Q2FY26, largely coming out 
of improvement in profitability across all the four business 
segments. 
 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, team. We will now wait for a few minutes for the 
queue to get formed, and then we will start with the Q&A. 
 
I request participants to raise the hand for asking questions. 
We will unmute you one by one, and you will have the access 
to mic. Please introduce yourself and the name of the 
organization you represent. The participants are also 
requested to limit their questions to a maximum of 2. For any 
follow-up questions, you may join the queue again.  
 
First question is from Ms. Videesha Sheth. Videesha, please 
unmute yourself. 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
 
Hi. Am I audible? 
Mr. Anish Arora 
 
Yes Videesha. 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
Hi. This is Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. To begin with, 
can you double down on the initiatives that you talked about 
on the product portfolio in the offline channel? You did touch 
upon depth, focusing on depth versus width, but if you could 
elaborate on this as to whether the initiatives would be 
towards focused assortment, or tighter pricing, or what is it 
that you're thinking about over here, please? 
 

 
 
 
11 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Videesha, yes, this will be focused on the product 
realignment. It will be around, sort of focusing on width, 
which allows us to have more leeway in margins and able to 
offer better prices to customers as well, without any material 
dent in our gross margin. This enables us to address more 
range of customers than today. We will attract more footfalls, 
more conversions, and also further lead to more online 
volumes. So, all of this will be enabling us from a multi-
channel view. That is what our thought process is. We have 
done some experimentation, but the whole change will be 
actually applicable somewhere around H1’FY27. 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
Sorry, Supam. So, just to clarify, offering a wider assortment 
would be a part of this? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
It will be wide enough, let me put it that way. Today we have 
very wide, we want to make it adequately wide. And increase 
more depth to be able to get the leverage on economies of 
scale, to be able to have the more latitude on margins, to be 
able to get that extra set of customers who we are maybe 
losing out. And making ourselves to be a more destination 
play, as we have been in the past. So this will make us even 
bigger destination for mothers, baby, and kids, across all sort 
of price segments. As you know, both as an omni-channel 
player, both in our home brands, as well as in our third-party 
brand partners, we have products across price ranges. So we 
anyway cater to all kinds of price segments, but this latitude 
will also help. In offline, obviously you can't, the variety has to 
be slightly limited, you can't keep such a wide assortment, or 
such a wide price laddering, as what you can keep it online. 
But we are just realigning that a little bit on the offline front 
as well, so to be able to make, footfall and conversion to 
further improve for where we stand, is a change that we will 
be making without compromising any material sort of gross 
margin loss for us as a business. Hope that answers. 
 

 
 
 
12 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
Okay, so if you've done any, like you said it's been rolled out 
in certain stores, so if you could talk about how is the growth 
profile improved over there? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Look, it's a very early, only a few stores that we have done, so 
you can't do it at that level. 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
Sure, sure. 
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yeah, so therefore, it has to be done at a scale. But we are 
very confident that it will work out, and it'll actually deliver us 
the yield that what we are anticipating. So, we are very, very 
confident. That approach compounded with our faster 
delivery and increase in our marketing spend will drive the 
overall growth for the business in the India multi-channel. This 
is what we believe is something that we'll definitely 
accomplish, because we have had issues around delivery, 
which we have talked about last time, and as you have seen 
our progress, that instead of 4 cities, in less than a matter of 
7 months, we expanded from 0 to 4, and now 4 to 12 cities, 
and we will continue to expand on a monthly basis. And our 
endeavor will be by mid-next year, we'll be able to take it to 
almost 50% of our business. And with that, increasing 
marketing spend will mean more retention of customers, new 
customers, and more retention of those customers driving the 
growth. So I think our whole ambition is to drive growth. And 
obviously, our gross margins and some of those things are 
structurally well-placed to continue to increase over a period 
of time. 
 
Ms. Videesha Sheth 
 
Got it. Sure, I'll get back in the queue. Thank you for this. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Videesha. Next question is from Mr. Rohit 
Mundra. Rohit, please unmute yourself 
 
Mr. Rohit Mundra 
 
Hi. Namaste sir. Sir mai shareholder hoon. Ek suggestion tha. 
Jaise aapke store mai bhi mai gya hoon, mai Miniclub mai bhi 

 
 
 
13 
 
gya hoon, unhone koi foreign brand ke saath tie-up kiya hai, 
toh wahan cloth ki quality na bahut ache hai. Toh aapke paas 
area ka kami toh hai nhi, aapke paas bhi store hai, aap bhi tie-
up kar skte hai. Usse aap premium customer ko tap krenge 
toh baaki bhi na sale increase hone ke chances hai. Bass ye ek 
suggestion tha. Aap Miniclub mai ek baar jaakar dekhiye, 
wahan kaise unhone kisi foreign brand ke saath tie up kiya hai 
kisi, toh wahan cloth ki range na badh gyi hai, toh apan bhi as 
a company kuch kar skte hai aisa. Bass ek suggestion tha.  
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Sure, Rohit. Alright. Thank you 
Mr. Rohit Mundra 
 
Thank you. Usse aap premium customer ko phir cater kar skte 
hai, matlab phir dheere dheere na, jo premium khareedne 
aayega, wo normal bhi khareed lega, toh dono ka 
improvement hoskta hai use. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Sure, Rohit. Thank you 
Mr. Rohit Mundra 
 
Ok. Thank you. 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Rohit. Next question is from Mr. Jay. Jay, please 
unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Jay Laddha 
 
So, yeah, I'm audible? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Yes. 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Yeah Jay. We can hear you. 
Mr. Jay Laddha 
Hello. A very good evening, Supam, sir. So, myself, Jay Laddha, 
I'm from JL Capital. Actually, I am super bullish on this baby 
care sector and as we know, we are only player in an 
organized sector, and the totally market is unorganized. So, 
how we are going to penetrate ourselves in this market? And 
what's our strategy for this? 
 

 
 
 
14 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
So, Jay, you're right on one front that 84% of the market is 
unorganized. It's a massive market. We almost have 25 million 
babies born, almost, between 0 to 12, you have 300 million 
children across the country. We are the largest multi-channel 
mothers, baby, and kids platform, having around 1,100 plus 
stores and a significant online playbook. As a part of our 
strategy, we will continue to increase our store footprint, 
make our products more relevant, be able to address 
customer audience, through different tiering, and product 
tiering as well. From an offline perspective, get those 
customers from offline to online and a lot of our customers go 
from online to offline. In our online, we'll continue to invest 
behind a delivery experience that has been our pain point for 
the last couple of quarters, that we have started to improve 
materially. And plus, we are continuing to invest around 
technology and personalization, to be able to find relevance 
across different segments of socio-demographic, economic-
demographic, and therefore be able to expand that. And then 
there are several initiatives around building connect 
programs with mothers, baby, and kids, whether through our 
schools, where they can enroll their kids and be a partner in 
that education journey. Or through our hospital initiative 
program, where we connect with them at the time of delivery. 
And a lot of other influencer programs that we do. In the 
mothers, baby and kid space, we run the largest influencer 
program in the country, through which we will connect. So, I 
think it's a whole ecosystem of digitally, physically, within the 
shopping, outside shopping in education, that we are trying to 
stitch together to remain on top of the mind, as a choice, both 
from a retail platform as well as a brand and product platform. 
Brand and product, both is what we are endeavoring to 
deliver and build long-term partnership, and build joy of 
parenting to the young parents. So that has been our journey, 
and we'll continue to pedal down across all of these facets 
that I described, to be able to capture more, and build 
penetration and capture more and more wallet share of those 
customers, from an offline and online perspective. So, in a 

 
 
 
15 
 
very short way, I've tried to explain this, but each facet has a 
very detailed sort of overview of how we're going to do it. And 
we're going to continue to innovate on that to be able to drive 
relevance and effectiveness, while building our KPIs from top 
line and bottom line, from a shareholder perspective. 
 
Mr. Jay 
Yeah, so thank you for the opportunity. I'm super bullish on 
this baby-care sector. And all the best for ahead. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Thank you, Jay. 
Mr. Anish Arora 
 
Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Vraj Shah. 
 
Mr. Vraj Shah 
Hello? 
 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Yes sir, you are audible. 
 
Mr. Vraj Shah 
 
Yeah. Hi Sir, this is Vraj from Satwik Digital Analytics. My 
question is with regards to India multi-channel business. So as 
you have rolled out the faster deliveries from 4 cities to 13 
cities, so my question is that what is the growth profile that 
you are seeing in terms of GMV, or Revenue, if you can share 
some light there? In comparison to the other cities, for India 
multi-channel? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
 
Vraj, its significantly higher growth compared to the other 
cities where we do not have our own delivery network as of 
today. It's significantly higher. As I explained on the last call as 
well, the reason, the rational for doing and building our own 
sort of a network – it will yield us a better control on customer 
experience, reducing RTOs, reducing returns, improving 
customer experience. All of that will yield, at the end of the 
day, a superior customer experience and a repeat. And our 
particular category is a high repeat category, and therefore 
will enable us to drive growth, as we acquire more customers, 
building that cohort. So, we remain extremely, sort of bullish 

 
 
 
16 
 
on expanding our network, and then driving more marketing 
on top of it, to be able to accelerate our overall growth. 
 
Mr. Vraj Shah 
Understood, sir. And sir, if you can share, like what 
percentage of a total GMV that can be coming from this 13 or 
4 cities that you have rolled out faster deliveries. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Broadly around, in the last 6 to 7 months, from 0% to almost 
we have covered 20% of the shipment and by middle of next 
year, we'll cross 50% of the shipments. 
 
Mr. Vraj Shah 
Alright, so understood. Sir, my second question is with regards 
to the gross margin. So, in India multi-channel business, is 
there any increase in the share of home brands, in total 
revenues? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
So, Vraj, we have talked about the gross margin improvement 
levers in previous calls as well. More or less the gross margin 
expansion levers remain same, which includes increase in the 
mix of home brands, increase in fashion mix and continuous 
improvement in margins with third-party brands with 
continuous negotiations. So all these factors put together led 
to an increase in margins.  And it remains more or less same, 
every quarter and every year. 
 
Mr. Vraj Shah 
 
Okay, so, sir, my question was more towards the number that 
you had said for FY25, which was 55% contribution 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
It's continuously increasing, Vraj. Yes. 
 
Mr. Vraj Shah 
 
Ok, understood sir. Thank you 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Vraj. Next question is from Ashok. Mr. Ashok, 
please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Ashok 
Yeah, Hi. Thanks team. Gautam, Supam, thanks and 
congratulations for the results.  

 
 
 
17 
 
I have a couple of questions. One, so your gross margin in 
India business has declined, but EBITDA is increasing 
continuously. Basically, what line items are leading to this 
improvement? Question number one. Question number 2 is 
on the International business, what are the improvement 
areas in the International business in terms of EBITDA and by 
when we'll reach our break-in stage? Third one, do we have 
any impact of quick commerce on our business? 
  
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So, Ashok, on the first point, your question was, despite of a 
dip in the gross margin, we were still able to improve the 
EBITDA. So, first of all, gross margin dip is a one-off thing, 
which is a result of giving away higher discounts, to drive 
better conversions after the GST 2 was announced from mid-
August. And gross margins post-festive season is back on 
track. However, despite of over 30 bps reduction in the gross 
margin, we were still able to improve the EBITDA by almost 
50 bps, is a combination of efficiency in marketing spends, as 
well as driving efficiencies in SG&A as well.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
And on the second one, Abhinav you want to take that, or do 
you want us to? 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
 
Yeah, so Ashok, Hi. So your question was around the gross 
margin expansion, correct, for International? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Yeah, gross margin and EBITDA, where it is headed. 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
 
Yeah. So, yeah, I'll answer the gross margin first. It's along the 
similar lines. It's a function of, how we optimize our topline, 
and the category mix and the home brand share, 
progressively improving the home brand share, progressively 
also improving the mix of the categories that we operate in. 
And essentially a very, very strong focus on what rolls up to 
the topline, while the topline expands. That is very, very key 
to the gross margin expansion. That's point number one on 
the EBITDA. Obviously, gross margin play, it starts there. But 

 
 
 
18 
 
there are multiple other cost heads. KSA, and I would say even 
UAE, are fairly new businesses. UAE being about 5 years, and 
KSA in the third year. So with scale, we will see the 
opportunities for efficiencies kicking in, in all the line items. 
Optimizations and marketing, for sure, has been done by us. 
We've mentioned in previous calls, we mentioned earlier in 
this call as well, and again, that our focus is on acquiring 
quality customers. While there are strong headwinds for 
increased rates in CPCs, CACs and CPMs. We fundamentally 
believe that acquiring the right customer, with as minimal 
cash burn, while expanding top line and improving retention 
of the acquired customers, will help us with the EBITDA 
improvements, so that's one. Second is the operating 
leverage, you'll get those operating leverages in the SG&A as 
you scale.  And there's a lot of headroom. We are a young 
business There's a lot of headroom to grow and improve on 
efficiencies for all cost line items.   
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Just to add Ashok, in fact, during our March earnings call, we 
have talked about the levers which will expand gross margins 
in International business, which are pretty similar to what has 
led to a gross margin expansion in India also. So it's the same 
playbook that we have taken in Middle East. And in fact, we 
have also shown, where did we stand in terms of gross margin  
in India business for the first 7 years, the same gross margin,  
we have achieved in Middle East within 4 years. India business 
became profitable in 10 years and given the gross margin 
journey in Middle East, we believe that we should be 
profitable, much faster than we became in India. You can see 
the testimony to it is the losses have considerably gone down. 
It's a reduction of 52% in Q2 and almost 40% in H1. And the 
losses that we have reduced, from FY23 to FY25, a similar 
reduction is observed in 6 months itself. And that's the 
guidance we can give, Ashok. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
 
So, Ashok, I'll take a third question on the quick commerce. 
We have mentioned, we have communicated in previous calls 

 
 
 
19 
 
as well, that our overlap with Quick Commerce remains small. 
So, exposure is fairly small. However, the quick commerce has 
led to an increase in consumer expectation when it comes to 
on-time delivery and faster delivery of goods being shipped 
online. And in order to meet those increased expectation is 
why we have been expanding our initiative around faster 
delivery. Where Supam has mentioned that we have 
expanded to 13 cities, from 4 cities over 7 months. 
 
Mr. Ashok 
 
Okay, thanks. Thanks, team, for clarifying, and all the best for 
future. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thanks 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Ashok. Next question is from Sheela. Sheela, 
please unmute yourself. 
 
 
Ms. Sheela Rathi 
Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. So my first question, 
again, is on faster delivery. Just want to understand, I mean 
now we have expanded into 13 cities, what kind of portfolio, 
what part of our portfolio is actually doing well on the faster 
delivery side? So that's the first part of my question on faster 
delivery. There's a second part to it, but I'll wait for your 
response before asking that question. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sheela, what do you mean by when you say, portfolio? 
 
Ms. Sheela Rathi 
 
Yeah. Yeah Supam, so what I mean is, is it diapering which is 
doing well, or apparel, which is doing better there? I mean, 
that's the kind of question I have. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure, okay. So, look, it's a total mix. We are taking city by city, 
it's not, we are not saying that in that particular city, we will 
only do certain goods, or hard goods, or apparel or fashion or 
diapering. When we are taking a city, we are building that 
network. In a city, you have to build a network, where the 
source can come from various different cities, we have 

 
 
 
20 
 
warehouses in different cities. Obviously, we'll try to have the 
first allocation within the same city, so that we don't have to 
work, I mean, the logistics cost reduces as the network design 
becomes superior. But having said that, we are delivering all 
products. I mean, whether it is, our consumables, whether it 
is hard goods or whether it is fashion, for the cities that we 
are mentioning. Especially where we have built a network 
where we can do the first mile and mid-mile as well. I hope 
I'm able to answer, so, as over time, as the network will 
become more and more stronger, with that, we'll be able to 
do a large part of that city, as we go along. And build more 
cities in the network itself. It's that the whole logistics is a 
network game and doing it for ourselves, we are custom-
tailoring it in a way that it suits our requirement the most, 
keeping young parents in mind, in terms of meeting those 
standards, which we can't rely on as much as we can rely on 
our own sort of a network. So that's the idea. So covering all 
product portfolios. 
 
Ms. Sheela Rathi 
Understood. I mean, the follow-up which I have is the current 
proposition, which we have in terms of delivery, can it meet 
our requirement to be profitable in this channel? I think that's 
where I am getting to. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Okay, so look, we did share this in the last, or maybe last call 
itself that this is not coming at a sort of a huge sort of 
incremental cost. Yes, in the short term, there might be some 
bps change, but on a medium term, we will be as competitive 
or as cost-effective as we have been working with in the past 
with the third-party logistics. So it's not going to be denting 
our unit economics in a material way, is all what we can say, 
while improving the customer experience in a very, very 
dramatic way. 
 
Ms. Sheela Rathi 
 
Supam, as we are on the conversation of e-commerce. Do you 
have any updated thoughts on selling on third-party e-

 
 
 
21 
 
commerce channels? The BabyHug products, or any of your 
own brand products? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sheela, we remain glued to building our own network, our 
own ecosystem, as what we have seen. And, we would like 
building cohorts on our own platform, for both, from a 
window of being the largest multi-channel retailer as well as 
the product brand for which the customer will come back and 
shop with us through our multiple home brands and that has 
been our strategy for a long, long period of time. We had the 
similar questions around 2015 - 2016, we debated internally, 
we remained focused on that strategy. While as of today, we 
continue to remain on that path. However, we are analyzing, 
and we are thinking through that more closely. We haven't 
changed our mind yet. But, it's something that we'll continue 
to observe. There are other channels who may be better in 
certain things, because they're solving for a customer 
experience of, let's say, 10 minutes or a 15 minute. But so far, 
we haven't seen, as we said, those do not overlap so much 
with our business. So, I think we will retain our original 
strategy for now, unless anything dramatically changes, which 
we don't think it'll change over the foreseeable future. So, we 
will continue to be a dominant force, both as a shopping 
destination, online and offline, and also as a brand and 
product destination, or I would say preferred choice of 
customers from a brand and product perspective, driving back 
both cohort onto our platform. So I hope I've answered that, 
no change in strategy. 
 
Ms. Sheela Rathi 
Understood. My final question is, now given that the first half 
is behind us, how should we think about the full year F26 
growth? On the revenue front for both India Multichannel and 
International? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So for India Multichannel, I think Vivek did mention this. 
Sequentially, we will certainly grow higher than what we have 
done. Q2 was higher than Q1. Q3 and Q4, which is H2 will be 

 
 
 
22 
 
higher than H1 for sure, is what we believe. Even during 
festive and post-festive season have been very good for us. 
And we believe that should continue, and given our inputs 
that we are putting, through increased marketing efforts on 
back-of better customer experience through delivery and our 
overall focus around, overall technology, personalization, 
sorting frameworks and so and so forth, should continue to 
drive us the cost efficiency while being able to make that 
spend happen on marketing to maintain our unit economics 
intact, but delivering higher growth, is what you should be 
seeing from us, for the H2 of FY26. That's for India.  
 
And for International, I think Abhinav did mention, we will 
have a similar sort of a journey. Our focus is sustainable 
growth in the Middle East. And we heard this as a feedback 
when we came, we had a different playbook that we had in 
mind when we started our Middle East playbook. However, 
after entering into the public markets, we heard that the 
public market viewpoint as well. And we changed track to be 
able to build a sustainable growth track to bring first our unit 
economics in place, by getting the product mix, both category 
mix and the home brand mix, to be able to align, a faster, 
superior unit economics. And once you have done that, we 
will be able to accelerate the pedal around marketing to be 
able to drive even further growth, but the burn will remain 
very, it'll shrink faster. That's what we had all desired for, so 
we are walking down that path, as what we had promised, 
and I think we are delivering that. So you should continue to 
see that happening over the next few quarters including FY26 
H2, as well as in FY27. 
 
Ms. Sheela Rathi 
 
Just to follow up here, and that's my last thing. Last quarter, 
you called out that the India multi-channel revenue growth 
will be early teens in F26. Do you hold on to that view, or it's 
going to be better than that? 
 

 
 
 
23 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
We definitely believe that we should be somewhere there. 
Hopefully better than what we have said. There are signs. But 
we were caught off-guard when we said in the middle of 
August, the first half of the second quarter, we were in early 
teens, because of GST, which Vivek covered, we did not see 
that anticipated growth. I mean, while we grew on a GMV 
basis around 12%, however, we had to increase discount, 
ensuring that the customers don't defer their purchases. 
Although we are not seeing that now, during a little bit of a 
festive season, we were seeing a little bit of a heated 
approach. However, it has normalized. From a gross margin 
window, we are back on track. While the growth continues, 
we believe it should continue the same way for the remainder 
of the fiscal year, even in FY27, backed with all of the inputs 
that we are putting through, so we should be back on track, 
what we had promised earlier in our previous earnings call. 
Hopefully, we'll surprise, but I don't want to commit on that, 
or superior than that for now. But all we can say, as a 
management team, we are fully geared to deliver growth. 
While we have been able to expand our gross margins, and 
our EBITDA on almost on a recurring basis, since we have been 
sharing our results publicly. But we believe that all the inputs 
that we are taking, should continue to expand and deliver the 
growth, that we all, because we are, as a team, we are not 
very happy with the growth that we have delivered so far. And 
there is a lot more that we can deliver, we know for a fact. 
And we believe that we will definitely be able to deliver that 
growth with all the inputs that we have talked about with 
incremental marketing. So, we remain very bullish, hoping to 
sort of demonstrate that and walk the talk. Once it happens, 
we will be happy to thump it, on our next earnings call, or next 
to next earnings call. So, sequentially, you should be able to 
see better growths. 
 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Sheela. The next question is from Mr. Sanjay. 
Sanjay, please unmute yourself. 
 

 
 
 
24 
 
Mr. Sanjay 
 
Yeah, thanks for giving me the opportunity. I have one 
question. This Globalbees, now, is there any strategy for 
increasing, like how customers are coming to know that there 
exists a platform, Globalbees and there are so many 
wonderful brands. Because I have asked at least 10-15 
persons in my group and nobody has heard about this 
platform. 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Sure, okay. So Sanjay, firstly, we're not a platform in the 
typical sense as you would think about it. We have a host of 
brands in some key categories that we play in. And these 
brands are sold on marketplaces. So, if you go on Amazon, for 
example, or a Flipkart, you will see all our brands selling over 
there, and you will see them amongst the best sellers on these 
marketplaces. So it's really, these channels where you will find 
our brands. 
 
Mr. Sanjay  
 
But I was going through this even today. Products are being 
sold on Amazon or Flipkart? 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
 
That's right, that's right. So we have some fantastic categories 
that we operate in, and we've got a huge range of products 
that we sell on Amazon, Flipkart, Quick Commerce, across 
marketplaces.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Sanjay, think of us as a house of brands. Where our identity is 
brands, not Globalbees as a company. As you know, 
consumers will know, a lot of Hindustan Unilever brands, but 
may not know Hindustan Unilever, just think of that as an 
illustration. 
 
Mr. Sanjay 
Because just before this, there was a question from, I think, 
Sheela, so you mentioned that you'd like to have your own 
platform or your own channel for distribution or delivering 
goods? 
 
 

 
 
 
25 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
No, no, that was for India multi-channel, Sanjay. That question 
was for India multi-channel, not for Globalbees. Over a period 
of time, we will expand on channels, even in Globalbees, but 
right now, we remain focused as a preferred online sort of a 
channel, is what our playbook is. But yeah, over time, we will 
build more channels into that. While, we have many, many 
platforms to partner with. 
 
 
Mr. Sanjay 
And what is a business value from this platform? 
Approximately in terms of percentage, if you can tell? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
95% plus.  
 
Mr. Sanjay 
 
95% plus? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
From all these platforms, all online platforms. 
 
Mr. Sanjay  
 
Online. Okay, that’s all from myside. Thank you. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Alright. Thank you 
Mr. Anish Arora 
Thank you, Sanjay. That was the last question. Thank you, 
everyone. I hand it back to Supam for concluding remarks. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
 
No, no, nothing. Thank you, everyone, for attending our 
Quarter 2 result presentation on a Friday late evening. And 
once again, Happy Children's Day. Thank you once again, and 
see you next quarter. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thank you, everyone. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Thank you. 
 
