 
 
BLACK BOX LIMITED  
Registered Office: 501, 5th Floor, Building No. 9, Airoli Knowledge Park, MIDC Industrial Area, Airoli, Navi Mumbai 400 708, India 
BLACKBOX.COM | CIN: L32200MH1986PLC040652 | Tel: +91 22 6661 7272 
                    Telephone: +91 22 6661 7272 | Email: info.india@blackbox.com 
  
 
BBOX/SD/SE/2025/96 
 
November 18, 2025  
 
To 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai 400001 
Corporate Relationship Department 
National Stock Exchange Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400051 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call hosted on November 13, 2025 on Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and 
Standalone) for Q2 & H1 FY26 
 
Ref.: Scrip code: BSE: 500463/NSE: BBOX 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is further to our letter dated November 7, 2025 with reference number BBOX/SD/SE/2025/86 and pursuant 
to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript 
of the Earnings Call hosted on November 13, 2025 on Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) 
for Q2 & H1 FY26 is attached hereunder. 
 
This is for your information, record and necessary dissemination to all the stakeholders. 
 
 
For Black Box Limited 
 
 
 
Aditya Goswami  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ADITYA 
GOSWAMI
Digitally signed by 
ADITYA GOSWAMI 
Date: 2025.11.18 
17:01:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Black Box Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 13th November 2025 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
      
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV VERMA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. DEEPAK BANSAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. PURVESH PAREKH – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
 
STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS ADVISORS 
 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Call of Black 
Box Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, 
which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. 
These statements are not guarantee of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on you touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Verma, Whole-Time Director and CEO of Black 
Box Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Good morning, everyone. I hope you all are doing well. On behalf of Black Box Limited, I would 
like to welcome you to our Q2 and H1 FY '26 earnings call. I'll start with an overview of our 
business performance and then our CFO, Deepak Bansal, will walk you through the financials. 
 
Starting with quarter 2 performance, I'm pleased to share that our revenue for quarter 2 FY '26 
reached INR1,585 crore, marking a solid step-up of 14% quarter-on-quarter and 6% year-on-
year, underscoring the business momentum we are building. The strong sequential growth is on 
the back of stronger execution. 
Looking ahead, we expect H2 FY '26 to be stronger than H1. This confidence is driven by a 
healthy and diversified order book, improving visibility into key regional pipelines and stronger 
execution momentum across the businesses. 
 
On top of that, previously delayed projects are now moving into the delivery phase, which further 
strengthens our outlook. In short, we see the second half outperforming the first half, supported 
by a larger and more diversified order book, increased visibility into the USA and Europe 
pipeline and the progression of delayed projects into delivery. 
 
We're also seeing strong traction in high-growth areas such as data centers and AI-led digital 
infrastructure, particularly across the U.S. and hyperscaler segments. To capture the expanding 
opportunities, we are building a specialized data center AI services team in the U.S. that will 
focus on higher-value multi-hyperscaler engagements. 
 
Further on the strategic front, we are happy to share that Black Box has partnered with Wind 
River, an Aptiv company and global leader in intelligent edge software to deliver next-
generation edge and cloud solutions across industries. As part of this partnership, we have 
secured the rights to sell Wind River solutions globally with preferred status in India and Middle 
East. 
 
In addition, under a separate agreement, Black Box will manage end user customer engagements 
across multiple geographies. This collaboration is expected to generate approximately INR1,350 
crore in revenue over the next 5 years ($30 million annually), further strengthening our position 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
to scale up and diversify our revenue base. By combining Wind River's cutting-edge solutions 
with Black Box's deep integration expertise, we are well positioned to drive accelerated digital 
transformation for our customers. 
 
Turning to the order book, momentum in Q2 remains strong with the backlog at the end of 
quarter standing at $555 million, up from $518 million at the close of Q1 FY '26. Order bookings 
during the quarter were robust at $218 million (over INR1,900 crore) compared to $176 million 
in Q1 FY '26, reflecting an increase of $42 million. For the first half FY '26, total order book 
stood at $394 million. 
Based on the current trajectory, we remain well on track to achieve our full year order booking 
target of $1 billion, driven by continued focus on high-value contracts. 
Notable orders during the quarter included significant extension from company's existing large 
value clients for networking and connectivity from the company's largest global financial 
services customer and further engagement from our hyperscale customers, reinforcing Black 
Box's position as a trusted partner in complex high-value digital infrastructure programs. 
 
The company received orders in digital workplace from U.S.-based local county and a sizable 
order from a health care institution. Financial services, health care and data center continue to 
contribute higher across the verticals served. In addition to the expansions, the company secured 
new client wins across education, municipal sectors in India, reflecting the growing breadth of 
its market reach and the success of its go-to-market strategy. 
 
Our order book will continue to expand as we execute on our new go-to-market strategy, 
supported by experienced leadership and business teams now in place across verticals and 
horizontal solutions. This foundation positions us well to achieve our long-term goal of reaching 
$2 billion in revenues by fiscal '29, backed by growing and diversified order pipeline. 
 
To summarize, with the business transformation program now largely complete and with a more 
focused go-to-market structure in place, we are moving decisively towards sustained revenue 
acceleration and a higher quality business mix through FY '26.  
We are seeing a significant headroom for growth driven by digital infrastructure demand, which 
is fueling fresh deployments and modernization of technology infrastructure. Backed by these 
strong fundamentals and market tailwinds, we are confident of delivering a stronger second half. 
 
Thank you. I will now hand over to Deepak to take you through the financial performance in 
detail. 
Deepak Bansal: 
Thank you, Sanjeev, for the detailed overview. Good morning, everybody. I will now discuss 
our financial performance for Q2 and H1 of fiscal '26. Revenue for quarter 2 FY '26 stood at 
INR1,585 crore, witnessing a growth of 14% quarter-on-quarter and 6% year-on-year on the 
back of strong execution.  
For H1 FY '26, revenue stood at INR2,970 crore. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR142 crore 
[wrongly said, kindly read it as INR 143 crore], representing a growth of 17% quarter-on-quarter 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
and 4% year-on-year. EBITDA margins improved by 60 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis to 9% in quarter 2 of FY '26. EBITDA margins recovered from 8.4% in quarter 1 due to 
higher revenue throughput and better fixed cost absorption. For H1, EBITDA grew by 4% year-
on-year and stood at INR259 crore with margins at 8.7%. 
 
Looking ahead, we expect near-term margins to remain within the guided range. Over the 
medium term, margin expansion will be supported by improved operating leverage as volumes 
scale, a continued shift in business mix towards data center and enterprise transformation 
engagements and sustained focus on cost discipline and delivery efficiency. As we execute our 
strategic priorities, we see potential for further margin improvement and continued strengthening 
of overall profitability. 
 
Profit after tax for quarter 2 of fiscal '26 stood at INR56 crore, a growth of 17% quarter-on-
quarter and 9% year-on-year, reflecting strong operating leverage and improved profitability in 
the core portfolio. For H1 of FY '26, PAT increased by 17% year-on-year and stood at INR103 
crore with margin increasing by 50 basis points to 3.5% in H1 of FY '26. As revenue growth 
accelerates in H2 of FY '26, profit after tax expansion is further expected to outpace top line 
growth driven by margin normalization, improved revenue quality and greater contribution from 
high-value U.S. opportunities. 
 
As Sanjeev highlighted earlier, quarter 2 saw continued strong order momentum with the 
backlog reaching at $555 million at quarter end, up from $518 million at the close of quarter 1 
of FY '26. Order bookings for the first half of FY '26 were robust at $394 million. Driven by this 
momentum, we remain on track to achieve our full year FY '26 financial guidance, fueled by a 
sustained focus on high-value contracts as well as in the data center segment. 
 
To summarize, with strong order wins, growing backlog, strong execution capabilities, 
deepening client relationships and a healthy pipeline, the company is firmly on a growth 
trajectory. We remain confident in delivering an even stronger performance in the second half 
of the year. 
Thank you, and I would now request the moderator to open the floor for the questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Deep Shah from B&K Securities. 
Deep Shah: 
Sir, it's good to hear that you've maintained your full year guidance. That implies somewhat like 
25% revenue growth and somewhat similar EBITDA growth in second half of the year. So my 
question is, as we move into '27, '28, do we expect this early 20s kind of revenue momentum to 
sustain, given the order backlog that will increase?  
Or on a slightly medium-term basis, revenue growth should again come down to, say, early teens 
or mid-teens kind of level? That would be my first question. And then accordingly, can we -- 
you did allude that margins will improve because of op lev but that is more like '27, '28 or you 
mean slightly even further ahead next 3, 4 years? So that's the first question. 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Okay. I'll break it to your answer in 3 parts, one for the revenue for H2. Then the second question 
was revenue growth for the next fiscal year and then, of course, the margin expansion. So we 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
expect from -- as Deepak alluded as well and in my comments, we expect our second half to be 
stronger than the first half at the back of the pipeline.  
We expect to be able to meet the guidance between 12% and 15% of sequential growth. And I 
think our order book currently would support that and the pipeline that we have for the remainder 
of the year should be able to support our current year guidance that Deepak just alluded to. 
 
Coming back to the next year, fiscal '26, '27 and beyond, I think our plans are well emulated. 
We talked about overall goal for the next fiscal '29 to be $2 billion. The organic growth plan is 
close to 15%. So we expect our organic plan for fiscal '26, '27 in that range, although it's slightly 
early. Could we go higher than that? That will depend upon our exit backlog that possibly when 
we guide that when we get into the last quarter. 
 
Our pipelines are very, very strong. But clearly, our overall go-to-market momentum, our overall 
investments, our overall pipeline is currently giving us confidence that we should be able to be 
at the mid-double-digit range from an organic perspective going forward in fiscal '26, '27 and 
beyond. Coming back on the margin expansion, I'll give it to Deepak to allude the efficiency of 
scale and whether we expect some margin expansion within the current year as well. 
Deepak Bansal: 
So margin expansion will a little bit depend on the volume growth. The volume growth of, let's 
say, roughly around 10% to 12% quarter-on-quarter, we are estimating right now. So in the 
current year, we are estimating that the margins should play in the range of, let's say, 9% to 9.5% 
type of range. But in FY '27, obviously, on this sustenance will continue in FY '27. And with the 
growth coming in and all those stuffs, we will see that on an organic basis, our margins will 
continue to be hover around 10% or moving upwards to that. 
Deep Shah: 
Sure, sure. This is very helpful. Second question is on the cash flow. So you could just help us 
understand better the inventory increase of roughly INR180 crore kind of represented on the 
liability side by INR186 crore provision increase and then receivable increase of INR107 crore, 
which effectively made our cash flow conversion pretty poor. So if you could explain what has 
led to this? And would it be a fair expectation that this will completely reverse in second half of 
the year or there will be some spillover into '27 also? 
Deepak Bansal: 
So as we have announced earlier and today also Sanjeev spoke about the Wind River agreement 
and the Wind River partnership. So we have partnered with Wind River, and we have committed 
to buy the licenses from Wind River to have those platform, which we have launched in 
partnership with them globally.  
And against that, we have purchased the inventory of those licenses at a very deep discount rate, 
which will drive, obviously, in the future, the revenue, which I think Sanjeev spoke about $30 
million on an annualized basis, which will scale up slowly, slowly now from next quarter, which 
is quarter 3 onwards, it will scale up, which will drive the revenue. 
 
So most of the inventory increase, I will say, 100% of the inventory increase is due to those 
licenses. While and we have -- what has also happened is that we have negotiated the payment 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
terms of that inventory. So as per the GAAP, what has happened is those licenses have come 
and sit in our inventory. And the payment terms we have negotiated is a longer tenure.  
The first payment so we are paying in 8 installments to them and the first payment starts from 
December 2026. So and that is why that is not sitting in the accounts payable, but that is sitting 
in the non-current liability because that is a longer tenure. Part of that will come next quarter in 
the current liability because of the 1-year type of nature. 
 
So that's the overall, let's say, on the working capital side of it. You also asked about the increase 
in receivables. So, which is increase in receivable is close to around INR100 crore. The INR100 
crore receivable is primarily because most of the -- there's a lot of invoicing, which happens to 
our customers in the month end and in the month end and in the last 10 days period and all those 
things because we have always -- in our business, we always will have a skewness within the 
quarter, where the first month, month 1 and month 2 will be probably between 55% to 57% of 
the overall quarterly revenues and most of the revenues happens in the last month of the quarter. 
 
So because of that, that receivable, so let's say, around 60% of the overall revenue or let's say, 
around 55% of the revenue comes in the last month. So because of that, the receivable has built 
up, and we have already started collecting the money now in this quarter, we have collected the 
money, and that's how the cash flow cycle goes on. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Nandan Arekal from JM Financial Limited. 
Nandan Arekal: 
Yes. So sir, we have won an engagement from Wind River. So this is an IoT software provider. 
So what is the rough split between the reselling and the management contracts in this deal? And 
what is like the margin expected in this deal? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
I missed the first line. What was the first question? 
Nandan Arekal: 
What would be the rough split between the reselling and the management contract aspect within 
the deal? And what is roughly the margin profile we're looking at? 
Deepak Bansal: 
Your first question is still not clear, Nandan. Can you a be little -- clarify what you're looking at 
on the first question? Second question on the margin is clear. The first question, you are saying 
reselling or what? 
Nandan Arekal: 
Reselling -- so we are doing both the reselling aspect and the management of engagements. So 
what is the split between that? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
So these are 2 separate agreements and contracts. This is a strategic partnership worldwide. Just 
to give some light on the Wind River, a part of an Aptiv company, publicly traded $21 billion. 
Wind River is a virtualized software service provider for both from an IoT standpoint and also 
for large telecom operators. So it is adjacent to products by VMware, Red Hat. This puts Black 
Box within the Platform space that we didn't have. 
We do connectivity, network, cyber, data center. This is the Platform space. So just to explain 
what this is about. As more and more EDGE data centers more and more IoT and OT is built in 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
manufacturing, the need for the software will increase. And therefore, Black Box considered a 
global partnership. 
 
The split for these 2 are not connected. Our services partnership, as I told before, is an agreement. 
We have a potential agreement of over INR1,350 crore over 5 years' time. If you look at over 
the 5 years' time, we expect the average quarterly revenue between INR40 crore and INR60 
crore. So that's our services revenue. 
 
The product revenue or licensing revenue will have 2, 3 more. One, of course, we will be selling 
the license, we'll be installing and there will be some services as well. So these are not connected. 
But if you look at the potential of that, I would say, 50-50 on both sides. If you add both and say 
what we expect over the next 5 years' time, it would be about 50-50. 
 
From a margin perspective, for the support and services margin, we are looking between 25% 
and 30%. We expect similar margin overall blended from our software sale as well. It could be 
sometimes we have got -- like Deepak said, we have got a very good discounting because it's a 
long-term partnership. There's also a range of kind of a long-term payment plan.  
So we expect the average margin in that range as well, although some cases, we'll possibly have 
better margin. In some cases, we might have slightly lower. But we should be able to have a 
Licensing margin instead of software at 25-30 odd percent and the Support Services margin in 
the range of 20% to 30%. So that's our expectation. Deepak, do you want to add? 
Deepak Bansal: 
Yes. So license technically, I think we are pushing our sales team because we have purchased 
those licenses at deep discount and the competition is only with VMware. And the VMware 
pricing at, I will say, a standard price level, which is the MRP level, MSP level is almost like 3x 
of the Wind River licenses. 
 
Now it is on our sales team. We already have the sales team training going on right now on all 
these things and internally. So by this quarter, it will pick up. We are expecting like from some 
customers, 30%, some 40% and some 50% also on this. But on a blended basis, the license 
margin should be -- we are expecting at least I'm modeling right now at around 35%. 
Nandan Arekal: 
Okay. Got it, sir. So this will be booked in TPS segment, right? 
Deepak Bansal: 
No. This will be in GSI. This will be in GSI segment only. 
Sanjeev Verma: 
So this is a services business. This is a compute, storage and platform business, right. So we will 
be as we speak, this is an initiative to expand our portfolio. The current portfolio had a missing 
link of platforms. With more and more EDGE data centers and computing and AI coming in, 
and more and more IoT coming in, we expect that we should be playing in this space. And that's 
the reason we have had this tight partnership. It is a global partnership, very strategic, not only 
for buying and selling licenses, but also supporting many of Wind River's existing customers as 
well. That's a support contract. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics Advisory. 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Congrats for a good set of numbers, sir. My first question is on inorganic growth. We are 
speaking about -- and in fact, we have been speaking about it for a while now. I want to 
understand at what stage of evaluation are we currently in? And when can we expect something 
material out of it, sir? 
Deepak Bansal: 
So Garvit, we like last time also, I think we spoke about it that we continue to look at the 
opportunities. We have a huge pipeline, like we have the sales order pipeline, we have the 
pipeline for the acquisitions also. And like we stated earlier also that we are very, very prudent 
in terms of our capital deployment.  
We are taking a little bit of time in terms of decision-making, in terms of reviewing it, 
engagement and how these inorganic opportunities work. That it is not like there is a one variable 
which needs to be solved.  
There are like multiple variables which are getting into the angle, including the geography, the 
sellers, the business itself, what are the cost-taking opportunities, what are the revenue growth 
opportunities and what is the multiple ultimately we are paying, how prudently we can deploy 
our capital and generate the returns. And that is where everything is right now going on. 
 
But I can say that by end of this fiscal year, we should have at least, let's say, some good news 
available in terms of the acquisition and all those things. And at the right opportune time, 
obviously, as soon as the -- we will take it to the Board as we make the progress. And then 
accordingly, we will inform, obviously, to the market about it. 
Garvit Goyal: 
And sir, what is the potential size we are looking at? And are you talking about the -- you 
mentioned about the geography as well. So what is the geography are you targeting? What kind 
of areas do we discuss? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Yes. So I think Black Box is a global company. So we are targeting across all the markets, 
Americas, Europe, APAC. So we -- our thesis for acquisition is expansion of geography, going 
deeper in our portfolios and of course, remaining value accretive from a shareholder standpoint. 
So these are the 3 thesis points.  
From a size perspective, of course, we have said we look at between $50 million moving up, 
going up to a couple of hundred. Our total inorganic goal for the next 4 years' time is about $700 
million, $800 million of sales revenues. Yes. So clearly, we don't want to make 20, 30 
acquisitions. So if you look at -- so we are looking at a kind of a mid-range between 50 and 100. 
Deepak, you want to... 
Deepak Bansal: 
Yes, 50 to 200 and then the capital deployment, obviously, to buy those types of revenues, 
obviously, we don't want to pay all the amount upfront. We will have all those negotiations 
where we pay between 60% and 70% upfront and then balance amount, you pay year 1, year 2 
and all those things. 
 
So like I told, there are a lot of variables on which we are working on in the geographies also. 
In some of the geographies, we are subscale, we are not opening any new country. Within our 
countries, we have the economies of scale, which is missing right now in a lot of countries, and 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
that is where the economies of scale will come in those countries. And of course, the U.S. 
continues to be our largest market. So the U.S. will be in the picture all the time. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Got it, Sir. And secondly, on the tax rate, sir. So currently, our tax rate seems to be very low. So 
when can we expect these rates to be normalized? And what is the expected tax rate for this 
financial year on a full year basis and for next financial year as well, sir? 
Deepak Bansal: 
So the tax rate is basically works basis that what are the past -- what is my revenue and 
profitability mix geography-wise? And we have the past NOLs which are available in some 
geographies from the acquisition what we have made because those companies were earlier 
making the losses and those carryforward losses in terms of the net operating losses, we have 
some statute of limitation and all those things, which we are utilizing on a regular basis. 
 
So this year, we should be able to maintain at between, let's say, 8% to 10% type of tax rate or, 
let's say, a little lower than that. We are H1 now -- so H2 also, I'm not expecting that the rate 
should go up more than that. But from a long-term perspective, maybe down the line after a 
couple of years or something, we should stabilize at between 15% and 20%.  
We continue to work on our structure so that how we can do between our multi-geography 
structure, how we can plan so that we -- between the Black Box group itself, we can have the 
tax management and all those things so that our tax rate doesn't go more than 15% to 20%. And 
it also will depend on the new inorganic opportunities which come into the play and will -- the 
future tax rate will depend on that, too, with our stated objective of growing through inorganic 
acquisition. 
Garvit Goyal: 
So is it fair to assume like whatever the PAT guidance we are giving, we are taking into 
consideration tax rate aspect as well, right? 
Deepak Bansal: 
Yes. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sanjay Dam, an Individual Investor. 
Sanjay Dam: 
I have 2 questions. First is what is your comfort regarding debt to EBITDA when you do 
inorganic acquisitions? And secondly, the kind of cash conversion and cash from operations that 
we have seen, should we take that as a normal rate of cash conversion and cash from operations 
in future? 
Deepak Bansal: 
So what is the first question? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Debt to EBITDA... 
Deepak Bansal: 
Okay. So debt to EBITDA ratio. So like I think we have stated all the times that we are not 
acquiring the companies which are fully priced. So from an overall basis, we will be acquiring 
the companies, which are sub -- which are, let's say, the suboptimal in terms of the profitability 
and all. So we will be paying the lesser amount and we will be paying between, let's say, 60% 
and 70% upfront. So the EBITDA obviously will flow, number one, whatever company is 
making.  

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
And number two, in next, let's say, 90 to 180 days, we will have the EBITDA transformation 
story done. And with the transformation, the EBITDA margin range should go between 9% to 
10%, depending on how, let's say, the transformation happens in terms of the integration and 
everything between 90 to 180 days. 
 
So on a, let's say, transformed basis, after 180 days or after 6 months, we are expecting that our 
leverage should not go more than probably 1.5x to 2x. It should remain between that. I'm not 
expecting leverage to go up much. Right now, also basis, our overall EBITDA, we are not 
leveraged more than 1.5x anyway. So from that perspective, I'm expecting that it should be 
within that range only. 
 
From a cash flow from operations perspective, this quarter, obviously, because of the inventory 
and all those stuff, our working capital has moved up more. But otherwise, we are not expecting 
that this quarter, this Wind River inventory has taken up our working capital a little bit more. 
But otherwise, I'm not expecting much on the working capital to change. 
The working capital deployment will continue to be there when we are growing our business. If 
our business is growing by 10% to 15%, obviously, for every growth, we have to have almost 
like 25% because we are in a services business. 
 
So for every dollar of the growth, we will have 0.25 of the working capital involved. So I cannot 
give as a percentage because it is on the business and it is on the timing also that because when 
we are reporting the numbers on any given date, the working capital may be a little higher or 
lower because the payroll cycle is -- it depends on the payroll cycle because like in U.S., which 
is our largest geography, the payroll doesn't happen on the month end.  
Payroll -- there are 2 payrolls happen on a different dates depending on the weekly cycles. So 
there are a lot of things which goes into it. But on an average basis, if you look at it between the 
4 quarters, then the working capital deployment will be probably close to around 0.2 to 0.3x of 
our overall growth. 
Sanjay Dam: 
One last question, if I may. When I look at your growth aspiration of $2 billion that you’ve set, 
breaking it into 2 parts, organic and inorganic, your organic growth hasn't been much, but that's 
probably because you have been churning your portfolio of clients. And you've been stuck 
somewhere around this INR6,000 crore mark in the last couple of years or slightly more than 
that. But is your growth aspiration, if I understood correct from your statements earlier, around 
about 15% going ahead? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Yes. Yes. I just alluded to that earlier in the call as well. So we expect from a growth perspective 
-- organic growth perspective in the mid-teens range of about 15%. Can we do more than that? 
I know we will give a guidance towards the end of the year for next fiscal year. As I said, the 
pipeline remains very, very strong. And so our current organic growth plans are at 15%, and 
that's what we are guiding. And the balance, of course, inorganic growth. 
Sanjay Dam: 
So if I understand correctly, from INR6,000 crore that you did last year. Roughly, if you keep 
growing at 15%, that's broadly about -- that will bring you to around INR9,500-odd crore by FY 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
'29, somewhere around that. And if you are to reach $2 billion, broadly, that probably is another 
INR9,000 crore broadly, which has to come from acquisitions. That understanding is correct? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Yes. So we are looking at between $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion of organic revenues by fiscal '29 
and about $750 million to $800 million worth of acquisition -- revenue acquisition to total by 
fiscal '29, you're right to be able to go to $2 billion. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vivek Choraria, an Individual Investor. 
Vivek Choraria: 
Finally, we see some growth as you had guided for. I just have a couple of questions. On the 
order booking front, you had said that we are aiming for $1 billion, 12 months ending FY '26, 
there are about 400. Do you see -- is the traction increasing on the ground? And in your order 
booking, we are almost halfway through Q3. How confident are you in achieving that? And your 
GTM strategy, is that completely in place now? And do you feel confident that your sales people 
are doing the job? So I just wanted to get a more qualitative understanding of the situation as far 
as the order booking is concerned. 
Sanjeev Verma: 
So the first response is, yes, we feel confident on our booking goal of $1 billion. We know we 
are about -- at the 40% mark as you rightly alluded. Based on our current pipeline, deals in 
motion, expected pipelines and conversations, some of them are personally involved, we feel 
very confident that we should be able to deliver $1 billion worth of bookings in the current fiscal 
year, as we have said. That will put us into a good stage to be able to drive our organic aspiration 
for fiscal '26 and '27. 
 
From a go-to-market perspective, as I alluded, a large part, and I think there's always room for 
improvement, Vivek, as you know. I think we are seeing stabilization. Our consideration rate 
with the large enterprises, large deals have significantly improved. We have rehashed our 
pipeline. 
On the data center front, as you know, we had one -- of course, one very large hyperscale 
customer that engages with multiple hyperscalers at this time, has started. We have put one of 
the most strongest teams on the sales side, led by Sean Maguire on the operations side, by recent 
hire of Bill Walters and of course, our CEO, Rick Gannon and others. 
 
I think we have recently concluded a very large event in Washington, D.C. in Virginia, which is 
the data center capital as you know. So we are also seeing large momentum. So between our 
enterprise go-to-market, which is run by Jai Venkat across health care, banking and others and 
very focused data center that we have put up a team in the last 6 months' time.  
The combination of the GTM engagement on both sides of the aisle and the conversations that 
we have, the pipeline that we have, we feel we are confident to deliver $1 billion of booking that 
will allow us to have a fairly decent opening backlog getting into fiscal '26, '27 that will provide 
us confidence to drive our organic momentum from here. So the answer is positive on this front 
that you asked for, Vivek. 
Vivek Choraria: 
Sanjeev, on the data center front, I mean, we've been talking that the opportunity is large and 
that is -- I mean, the market does show that. But we've been very far behind the curve as far as 

 
Black Box Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
getting orders is concerned. I mean these hyperscalers have been investing a couple of hundred 
billion dollars for the past 2, 3 years, but we've barely scratched the surface.  
So do you feel that within the next quarter or 2, we will hit a point where we start getting larger 
value orders? I mean I'm just trying to get an understanding as to if we were getting, say, a $5 
million, $10 million order, can we now aspire to get $50 million, $100 million orders? I'm just 
trying to understand in terms of the capabilities that we have built. 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Very good question. So we not only aspire, we're confident to get the $50 million, $100 million 
orders within the next 5 months of this fiscal. The fact that I've been repeating our goal for $1 
billion and Deepak alluded to that as well. Clearly, if we have to go to $600 million worth of 
booking, you would need that from a perspective. The answer is yes. So we are into multiple 
deals.  
And of course, as you know, we can't win all deals. And surely we can't lose all deals. So yes, 
apart from $10 million, $15 million, $20 million, that will continue. We love those deals as well. 
That gives us deal momentum. But we are into heavy lifting as well. So the answer is yes. We 
are staring at $50 million, $100 million deals, quite a few as we move forward from here. 
Vivek Choraria: 
Sanjeev, just one last question. So for H2 in the presentation, you've mentioned that you expect 
growth to outperform H1 massively. So are we still on track? I mean we've guided for about 
INR6750 crore to INR7,000 crore. Can we aspire to about INR6,500 crore, INR6,600 crore so 
that will entail about INR3,600 crore for H2? We've done INR2,900 to INR3,000 in H1. Should 
we be in that ballpark of INR6,500 crore, INR6,600 crore? 
Sanjeev Verma: 
Yes. So we -- I'm not sure we said massively, that doesn't look like massive, but we are guiding 
to our plan upward of INR6,700 crore was our goal, I believe. Yes. So we -- as I told you in the 
last earnings call, if I remember correctly, where anyone asked the question, we expect between 
10% and 15% of sequential organic to be able to get there. We are on track to do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I 
now hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Verma: 
I would like to thank everyone for joining on the call. I hope we have been able to address all 
your queries. For any further information, kindly get in touch with Purvesh Parekh, our Head of 
Investor Relations, or Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relation Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Black Box Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
