   
            
 
Ref. No. AAVAS/SEC/2025-26/815 
Date: November 17, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter and Half Year ended 
September 30, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and with respect to our letter dated October 29, 2025 bearing           
Ref. No. AAVAS/SEC/2025-26/765 please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call on the Financial and Operational performance of the Company for the Quarter 
and Half Year ended September 30, 2025 held on Tuesday, November 11, 2025. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://www.aavas.in/investor-relations/investor-intimation.  
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
Date and time of occurrence of event/information: November 11, 2025 and Earnings Conference 
Call commenced at 6:00 P.M. (IST). 
 
Thanking You, 
  FOR AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
 
 
SAURABH SHARMA 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(ACS-60350) 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: AAVAS   
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 541988 
SAURABH 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
SAURABH SHARMA 
Date: 2025.11.17 
10:13:33 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Aavas Financiers Limited 
Q2FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sachinder Bhinder – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer  
 
Mr. Ghanshyam Rawat – Chief Financial Officer  
 
Mr. Ashutosh Atre – Chief Risk Officer  
 
Mr. Rakesh Shinde – Head of Investor Relations  
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Aavas Financiers Ltd H1 and 
Q2FY26 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations of the company as on the date of this call.  
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
a listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note, 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rakesh Shinde, Head Investor Relations of 
Aavas Financiers Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rakesh Shinde: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I extend a very warm welcome to all participants 
and thank you for joining us on today’s Earnings Call to discuss the financial and 
operational performance of our company for H1 and Q2FY26, along with the business 
outlook going forward. 
The results and the investor presentation have been uploaded to the stock exchanges 
and are also available on our company website. I hope you’ve had a chance to review 
them. 
Joining me today is the entire management team of Aavas. We will begin this call with 
opening remarks from our MD Sachinder Bhinder, CFO Ghanshyam Rawat and CRO 

 
 
Ashutosh Atre. This will be followed by a Q&A session. With that, let me now hand 
over the call to Sachinder. Over to you, Sachinder. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thank you, Rakesh. A good evening to all. I thank you for joining us on this earning call. 
I hope you had a joyous Diwali and have a prosperous Samvat 2082. 
I am pleased to share that CARE Ratings has revised its long-term rating outlook on 
Aavas from ‘Stable’ to ‘Positive’. This represents an important step toward a potential 
rating upgrade to AA+, which will further enhance our ability to diversify liability profile 
in a cost-efficient manner. The outlook revision reflects Aavas’ strong 
fundamentals—quality growth, robust asset quality, sustained profitability, a solid 
capital position, and stability of our management team. 
As highlighted during our last quarter’s commentary, we are pleased to share that we 
have made our entry into Tamil Nadu with opening of eight new branches, and we plan 
to add another eight in H2, taking our network to 405 branches across 14 states. We 
will continue to expand in a contiguous, cluster-based manner, adding 20–25 
branches in H2 to deepen penetration in existing markets. As our Tamil Nadu base 
strengthens, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana become natural next expansion 
opportunities under the same disciplined approach. 
On to business front, after the transition to the new disbursement recognition 
framework in Q1, operations have now normalized, resulting in a strong 36% QoQ and 
21% year-on-year growth in disbursements during Q2. Our sanction-to-
disbursement ratio, which was impacted in Q1, has recovered and now stands at 
~80%, demonstrating improved conversion efficiency. Entering the second half of the 
year—traditionally a strong period for us—we expect this momentum to sustain and 
further strengthen. 
On the credit front, we continue to maintain a cautiously optimistic stance in our 
underwriting approach. While our asset quality continues to show steady 
improvement, we remain vigilant and are closely monitoring developments across 
specific customer segments, geographies, and risk profiles – especially in light of 
cautionary signals observed among some industry peers. Our calibrated risk strategy 
remains firmly anchored in prudence and discipline, guided by sound underwriting 
principles rather than any perceived weakness in demand. 
Our AUM grew by 16% year-on-year to Rs. 213.6 billion. Given the current 
momentum and positive market environment, we now anticipate full-year AUM 
growth of around 18%. The broader macroeconomic backdrop remains supportive – 
the government’s continued thrust on retail consumption, along with structural 
reforms such as GST rate reduction and income tax rationalization, expected to 
further strengthen housing demand in the coming quarters. Additionally, a conducive 
interest rate scenario continues to support affordability and demand momentum in 
our core segments. 
 
Furthermore, government initiatives like the Interest Subsidy Scheme (ISS) under 
PMAY 2.0, coupled with a stable interest rate environment, continue to support 
homebuyer sentiment and affordability. We are pleased to report that over 2,300 
Aavas customers have already benefited from these schemes, receiving subsidies 
amounting to more than Rs. 75 million. 
As we look ahead, our long-term strategic priorities remain clear—to fully leverage 
our strong digital platforms, distribution network, further strengthen governance, 

 
 
drive scale efficiently, optimize costs, and enhance productivity across the 
organization. 
 
With that preamble, I will now take you through our quarterly performance.  
After crossing the Rs. 200 bn milestone earlier this year our AUM has now reached Rs 
214 bn.  
During Q2 FY25, we disbursed loans worth Rs 15.6 bn, registering a 36% sequential 
and 21% year-on-year growth, while maintaining our strong focus on quality 
origination and prudent underwriting. 
Our Net profit for Q2 FY26 grew by 11% YoY to Rs 1.64 bn led by robust 18% YoY 
growth in NII on account of healthy improvement in spread. Our Net Worth continues 
to compound steadily, growing at 16% YoY, with the strength of our capital position 
driven by consistent compounding internal accruals. 
Our NIMs expanded by 56 bps sequentially to 8.04% during the quarter. This 
improvement was supported by significant improvement in spread coupled with our 
continued focus on risk-adjusted pricing, which resulted in a 10-bps increase in 
incremental business yields over H1 FY25.  
Our Opex-to-Assets ratio saw a marginal increase of 5 bps sequentially to 3.51%, 
while the Cost-to-Income ratio declined by 260 bps quarter-on-quarter to 43.7%, 
reflecting improved efficiency gains. 
Our asset quality remains pristine, with 1+ DPD below 5%, improving by 16 bps 
sequentially to 3.99% as of September 2025, while GNPA levels remained stable at 
1.24%. Credit costs improved sharply by 8 bps sequentially to 16 bps. driven by lower 
1+ DPD flow and improvement in Stage 2 buckets. We continue to maintain our 
guidance of keeping credit costs below 25 bps on a sustainable basis.  
 
Our ROA improved significantly by 46 bps sequentially to 3.40% and ROE improving 
by 175 bps QoQ to 14.31%. 
 
We remain committed to delivering quality, profitable, and sustainable growth 
powered by tech-led efficiency and cost optimization. With our robust risk 
management framework, deep and diversified distribution network, and the strong 
execution capabilities of our experienced team, we are confident of achieving our 
strategic milestones and delivering long-term value to all stakeholders.  
 
With that, Ladies and Gentlemen, I would now hand over to our CFO, Ghanshyam 
Rawat, to discuss the financials in detail. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thank you, Sachinder ji. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to our 
earnings call.  
To provide update on borrowings first, our ability to improve the cost of funds 
continues to underscore the strength and resilience of Aavas’ well-diversified liability 
franchise. In line with our strategy of innovation in liability sourcing, we proactively 
anticipated a potential softening in interest rates and strategically shifted a sizeable 
portion of our borrowings to EBLR-linked instruments and shorter-tenure MCLR 
structures. This forward-looking approach has continued to yield tangible benefits in 
Q2, as our liabilities are repricing faster than those of many peers.  

 
 
This positions us well to maintain a competitive cost of funds while supporting 
sustainable quality growth. As a result, we have seen an additional 17 bps 
improvement sequentially in our cost of funds led by EBLR-linked borrowings and 
other borrowings.  
 
Our spread improved sharply by 34 bps year-on-year to 5.23% in Q2, while the 
calculated spread increased by 59 bps year-on-year to 6.27% in Q2 FY26. We 
continued to borrow judiciously, raising around Rs. 13.96 bn at competitive rate at 
7.83% for Q2FY26.  
 
Our average tenure of borrowings continues to be longer than that of our assets, 
ensuring a positive ALM across all time buckets. 
As of 30th Sept 2025, total outstanding borrowings stood at Rs. 186.87 billion. 
The borrowing mix as of 30th Sept 2025 comprised of: 50% from term loans, 25% 
from assignment, 14% from NHB refinancing and 11% from the debt capital markets. 
We have optimum mix of various benchmark of interest rates such as 36% of 
borrowings linked to external benchmarks such as Repo, T-Bill, and MIBOR, and 25% 
linked to sub-3-month MCLR, enabling faster repricing of nearly 61% of our 
borrowings in line with interest rate movements. 
Lender support remains strong as Aavas continues to evolve. We maintain access to 
diversified and cost-effective long-term funding. Our relationships with development 
financial institutions remain robust, supporting our strategic funding goals. 
As of 30th Sept 2025, we maintained ample liquidity, including cash and cash 
equivalents and unavailed CC limits of Rs. 18.94 billion and documented unavailed 
sanctions of Rs. 21.51 billion. 
 
Profitability and Capital Position, our Net Total Income (NIM) in absolute terms grew 
by 18% YoY in Q2 FY26. Net Interest Margin (NIM) as a percentage of total assets 
expanded by 26 bps YoY to 8.04% in Q2 FY26.  
We remain well-capitalized, with a net worth of Rs 46.8 billion and a Capital Risk-
Weighted Assets Ratio (CRAR) of 46.4%, significantly above regulatory requirements. 
 
I would now hand over the line to our CRO, Ashutosh Atre, to discuss the asset 
quality. 
Ashutosh Atre: 
Thank you, Ghanshyam Ji. Good evening, everyone. I am pleased to share the key 
portfolio risk parameters with you. 
Asset Quality & Provisioning, Aavas is strongly positioned to continue delivering 
industry-leading asset quality. Our asset quality remains within the guided range with 
1 day past due well below 5% at 3.99% in Q2FY26 and Gross Stage 3 & Net Stage 3 
under 1.25% stood at 1.24% and 0.84%, respectively.  
From a geographic perspective, asset quality in our home state continues to remain 
healthy. The average 1+ DPD and GNPA stood well below 4% and 1.25% of AUM. 
Similarly, in our emerging markets, we are observing healthy credit performance, with 
1+ DPD and GNPA levels remaining comfortably within 3.5% and 1% of AUM, 
respectively.  
 
Our total ECL provisioning, including that for COVID-19 impact as well as Resolution 
Framework 2.0, stood at Rs. 1.21 bn as of 30th Sept 2025. 

 
 
 
Our disciplined underwriting standards, coupled with a proactive risk management 
framework, have enabled us to stay ahead of emerging macroeconomic challenges. 
While several peers have reported asset quality pressures due to sectoral or regional 
headwinds, our portfolio has remained resilient. 
We continue to follow a rigorous credit assessment process, stress-tested across 
multiple economic scenarios, and remain selectively calibrated in our exposure to 
higher-risk segments. This approach has helped us preserve asset quality, which 
continues to rank among the best in the industry. With this, I open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Renish from ICICI. Please go ahead. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Hi Sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on basically 
yields? So, while our spread expanded for the last 2 quarters, but this is largely driven 
by cost of fund benefit and yield continues to fall. So, what explains the drop in yields 
on sequential basis and where do you see yields settling in near term? Because at 
some point in time, we also have to review our PLR. And given that, there is sharp 
reduction in cost of fund, we might have to lower our PLR maybe in the next couple of 
quarters. So, where do you see the yields settling and ultimately spread? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thanks, Renish. I think as highlighted earlier, our incremental business yield is still 
lower than our existing portfolio yield, which naturally pulls down the blended 
portfolio yield. And this has been the key driver of the 5-bps compression during the 
quarter. Additionally, in the current environment of heightened asset quality concerns 
and tighter credit conditions, we believe it is prudent to underwrite better quality, 
lower risk customers even if there is a part compression in the disbursement yields 
and tight lower pricing. The intent is to protect portfolio quality and maintain long-term 
risk-adjusted returns. This said, positive momentum on placement yields with 10 bps 
Y-o-Y improvement in H1 FY26 and gap between incremental yield and portfolio yield 
has narrowed meaningfully. 
Again, just to elaborate that we have taken some structural actions to support yield 
sustainability, sharper focus on the low-ticket size and new-to-credit customers 
where yields are structurally higher, deeper penetration of the underserved 
geographies and higher yielding product segments along with deviation metrics and 
system-based guardrails to ensure pricing discipline is there on the ground. I think all 
this will really help us to do, I think the positive part on, Renish, is that we have had 
momentum continue on the yield side as we speak. 
The second question was on the PLR. So, we are closely monitoring the rate 
environment. So, far, we have not seen a meaningful reduction in MCLR from the 
banks and therefore the full transmission of lower rate has not yet taken place on the 
liability side. That said, our incremental disbursements are already being priced 
competitively which means our incremental spreads are still lower than the reported 
portfolio spread. In fact, our effective yields are already lower than most peers. We 
are also addressing customer level retention specifically and I think we will continue 
to evaluate the cost of funds, Renish. And based on how the MCLR transmission plays 
out in the coming quarter, the ALCO will review and take a considered view on revising 
the PLR. 
Renish Bhuva: 
So, basically, let us say, till September-25, whatever benefit we got on the borrowing 
side, let us say, there is no further benefit on the cost of borrowing, we will keep PLR 
where it is currently. Is that the fair presumption? 

 
 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So, I think, at ALCO, we will review and take a considered call based on the scenario 
in the coming months. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it, sir. Sir, my second question is on the cost side, right? So, we have been 
highlighting that we have taken many initiatives to improve productivity and bring 
down cost ratios. But somehow our cost-to-income is still around 41%-42% even if 
adjusted for ESOP versus peers are below 35%. So, there is a gap. So, when do you 
see this cost-to-income ratio converging towards industry average? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Renish, the movement in OPEX to asset ratio this quarter is largely operational and 
timing-related rather than structure. So, this reflects the implementations which 
were made as a part of our branch and distribution expansion plan. However, since 
disbursements are relatively softer, the cost-to-asset ratio appears temporarily 
elevated.  
So, if you look at it, there is a 14% Y-o-Y increase in the number of employees. This 
includes 1,150 employees we added. We still have the monetization of that to 
happen. So, I think that is one part. But this is a part of investment which we look at. 
As we speak, we have added branches in Tamil Nadu. Still, they must come to a level 
where it starts being productive as we speak, in the coming quarters.  
Now, if you exclude the ESOP expense, the Y-o-Y increase in the OPEX ratio would 
have been 16 bps since Quarter 2 of last year had ESOP reversals which created a 
base effect. This all being a denominator effect with softer asset growth in the quarter, 
the benefit of operating leverage has still not flowed in. But on the positive side, as I 
reflected, the cost-to-income ratio has improved by 262 bps sequentially, indicating 
that the cost structure is already beginning to stabilize. 
Renish Bhuva: 
So, this trend will continue going forward? That is what you are trying to highlight? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
We have actually guided that we are committed to bringing the OPEX to asset ratio 
below 3% over the medium term. And as disbursement scales, AUM growth 
normalizes, and technology and branch projective benefits continue to accrue. We 
expect operating leverage to further steadily improve. 
Renish Bhuva: 
That’s it, sir. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking the question. So, firstly, on assignment income, overall, 
when we look at it compared to the assignments which were done, in fact, the run 
rate has been quite high. So, is there anything, maybe, is it more of a demand-supply 
thing, or is there anything in that? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Hi, Kunal. If you see from assignment volume perspective what we do every quarter 
and every H1, there is not much of a change as our AUM is growing. We generally keep 
between 15% - 20% growth in the assignment in the volume. But more particularly, 
now this year, our assignment, we used to do last year roughly 8.5% or plus. Now, we 
are doing 7.5% plus, basically. So, almost 100 basis points saving, which is giving us 
a better, let’s say, spread and better income generation on that assignment if we do 
same transaction during this year. So, that is a positive impact coming on the income 
side. 

 
 
Kunal Shah: 
And this was not there in first quarter or was it there in first quarter as well? Because 
even compared to the first quarter, it seems to be high? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
First quarter, the rate started to fall, so we got some benefit. But Quarter 2, we got a 
very good amount of benefit in the spreads. 
Kunal Shah: 
And this will continue. So, now, incrementally, we will be doing it at this spread only?  
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes. Incrementally, until we see reversal in interest rate scenario, this trend will 
continue. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. Got it. And secondly, on the disbursement side, so this entire impact of maybe 
the change in the recognition, which was there, has it played out in Q2 itself, the entire 
rollover effect or there will be something which will flow through in Q3 too? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Kunal, we have regained healthy momentum, delivering 36% Q-o-Q and 21% Y-o-Y 
growth and disbursement. See, over the last 5 months, our monthly disbursement run 
rate has remained above Rs. 500 crores and with H2 being seasonally strong for us, 
we are working towards taking this run rate to Rs. 700 crores plus kind of a range. On 
the demand side, monthly login volumes have remained robust at 15,000 plus, 
reflecting about 23% Y-o-Y growth. So, in that sense, we work towards achieving our 
AUM growth aspiration.  
We want to be clear that the portfolio quality remains good, but I think whatever it was 
on the Q1, it has played out in Q2 and we don't see any of that really coming in the 
coming quarters. So, as I stated, we have stabilized and we are there on a normal 
pace, which is required at a normal steady state. 
Kunal Shah: 
Got it. And lastly, on repayment rate and BT out, so BT out is now 5.7% and if you look 
across the product segment, it seems like it has gone up a bit on the home loan, while 
maybe I think the mortgages, and all have almost remained steady. In fact, mortgage 
is also up a slight bit. So, maybe any pressures in any particular states or with any 
particular customer profile, if you can highlight that? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Kunal, our BT out rate for H1 stands at about 5.3%, which is around 10 bps higher than 
the same period last year. See, specifically in Q2, BT out was at around 5.7% 
compared to 4.9% in Q1, if you compare that, indicating a normal seasonal variation. 
We have deployed predictive analytics to ensure that we engage with potential BT out 
customers. That is what we really continue to do. So, we will continue our retention 
measures. At this period of time, we do not see anything which is on the alarming side.  
What actually we have seen other than the BT was the repayment rate, which 
increased by around 200 bps actually. These are part prepayments. This was driven 
by higher repayments, and this was incrementally higher outflow which happened 
this quarter. In note, Kunal, if I were to look at it, there is increase in the part 
prepayment is also reflective of improved credit behavior and liquidity at the borrower 
end, which continues to be a positive indicator on asset quality. 
Kunal Shah: 
Got it. Thanks, and all the best. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thanks, Kunal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Yes. Good evening, sir. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, first thing on asset 
quality, while our 1+DPD has improved by about 15 bps Q-o-Q, which is appreciable. 
In your opening remarks and Ashutosh's opening remarks, I remember hearing you 
speaking about what has helped us achieve this asset quality.  
But at the same time, you also acknowledged in your opening remarks that you remain 
cautious because of what you are seeing in some of the industry peers. Some of the 
industry peers have called out localized pain in various pockets. Some calling it some 
spillover from MFI, Micro LAP into affordable housing. Some saying it is more to do 
with US tariffs, which has impacted a few industries, right? Whether it be diamond, 
gems jewelry, textiles, leather.  
Is there anything that we are seeing at our end, right? Which you are monitoring now, 
right? While your asset quality is holding up, right? But something that you are 
monitoring at your end? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thanks, Abhijit. I think overall, as you were talking about the tariff impact, I think if you 
look at the entire portfolio level, less than 1.8% of AUM would be having exposure to 
those tariff related items because we are in assessment of those segments of 
customers.  
So, we are seeing pockets of stress, but not material at the portfolio level in certain 
geographies and we have taken corrective actions. And this is where typical states 
like Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh had seen and Gujarat had some part of tariff industry 
related disruptions in Surat. But we have limited exposure on that as far as this is 
concerned. And Karnataka, the MFI related disruption because of the ordinance, we 
acted early by tightening the credit filters, slowing down disbursement in affected 
micro markets and strengthened field verification.  
The situation is stabilizing and we continue to operate with rightful cautious mode in 
these specific pockets. As far as Madhya Pradesh is concerned, there is a stress 
which is localized in the Eastern belt of MP. We have selectively tightened our 
underwriting and adopting a stance which is with sharper credit and income 
assessment standards.  
As highlighted, the 1+DPD continues to remain contained at around 4% which is 
encouraging and reflects a low opening flow of new cases. And we have also seen an 
improvement in Stage-II indicating better stability in early delinquency buckets, 
Abhijit. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. Thank you for that. Sir, the second question I have is, this quarter, this first half, 
right, the AUM growth is tracking around 16% Y-o-Y. What we have started seeing in 
the last 2 quarters is in your presentation, you started sharing your aspiration of where 
you want to scale up your AUM by FY30, which is about Rs. 55,000 crores. And which 
then kind of translates into almost a 23% of an AUM CAGR from now to FY30. So, I 
am just trying to understand now that CVC is clearly working along with you. In 
addition to expansion in Southern India and the digital transformation now complete, 
what are the other changes that you are making, right, which kind of makes you put 
out that aspirational target of getting to Rs. 55,000 crores by FY '30? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
See, on a 20% plus annual growth over the next 5 years is driven by a combination of 
following factors. If I were to really point it out, one is geographic expansion, second 
is employee productivity enhancement and investment in technology and sourcing 
channels. So, I will give you a broad breakup, 8% will be driven by branch expansion 

 
 
in our existing footprint and the new states, 7%-8% comes from our productivity 
enhancement and 5% is expected from an inflation-led increase in the ticket size.  
So, as we speak, Abhijit, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, these are the 
three open states which are available for us to really venture in and make our footprint 
visible. So, that is an open landscape available. Plus, from a digital sourcing 
perspective, we have diversified our mix by having digital channels like CSC, Mitra, 
and others, and that volume also we start seeing a steady increase on month-on-
month and quarter-on-quarter basis. So, we are optimistic with these 
implementations and with some of the projects which we have worked across to 
really get that in motion. We are confident as a management team that we will be able 
to deliver on the guided level of 20% plus annual growth over the next 5 years. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it, sir. And then, one other question I had is, while you said, right, the BT outs are 
still calibrated 5.3% for 1H, somewhere around 5.7% for the second quarter. So, 
there are other peers who kind of now started calling out that, say, the BT outs or the 
portfolio attrition is elevated, primarily because in addition to banks being aggressive, 
now there are a lot of balance transfers which are happening to other peer affordable 
HFCs as well. So, is that not something which is kind of worrying us? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So, I think we were very proactive, Abhijit, if you look at Aavas, we have deployed 
predictive analytics to really identify and engage with the potential BT out customers 
proactively. And the other part, Abhijit, is that in-house sourcing model, unlike the 
others where it is either a channel-led or led by the partners, I think our in-house 
sourcing model also enables us that we have deeper customer relationships and 
stronger retention. So, I think these are the two parts which really flow out for help us 
in this scenario. And for strong credit customers, we offer selective rate 
rationalizations or top-up wherever we feel.  
Again, if you really look at it, the customer behavior, wherever there is a BT out 
performance, we let the customer exit are the one historically, the portfolio we let go 
performs 3x worse when that was in our books. Validating that the disciplined 
approach to the portfolio quality over volume is what we really embark upon.  
So, I think when there is a possibility of holding the customer rightfully so on his cash 
flow-based underwriting stuff, we continue to hold. Wherever we let go, the 
performance really deteriorates and historically, that is what we have seen. But we 
are mindful of the fact that whatever our efforts will continue to hold this in the coming 
times.  
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. Thank you. And Sachinder sir, I wanted to sneak in one last question. I don't feel 
too good asking you this, right? But somewhere during the quarter, it has had an 
impact on the stock price, as you will appreciate, right? There have been speculations 
and media articles, right? So, just trying to understand, is everything okay when it 
comes to our promoter, everything going in the right direction? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So, Abhijit, let us not mull over on the pure media or market speculations. All I can say 
is I am here and fully committed to Aavas and its performance. And so are the Aavas 
Board and the Promoter Group. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it, sir. This is useful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Gutka from ASK Investment. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Vishal Gutka: 
Yes. Hi, team. Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, I have two questions. First is I 
wanted to understand your thoughts on dividend payouts, given you are well 
capitalized and the change in ownership has happened? And the second question 
was with regards to, you told that Eastern Belt of MP is facing problems. So, can you 
please highlight why it is facing such problems, sir? Thank you. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes. Obviously, your question is valid to ask from the shareholder side and what is 
about the dividend. But affordable housing, all stack, whether we are all peer group is 
growing at a good pace. And as Sachinderji mentioned, we are embarking on a 20%-
25% growth rate in the next 5 years. So, keeping that thing in mind, we will need 
excess capital which we have as of now to meet our growth plans. But once we reach 
a level where ROE versus growth is a good crossover to on steady state basis, we will 
start to pay back the dividend to shareholders. And as regards MP, I think Ashutosh is 
right to answer your question. 
Ashutosh Atre: 
Vishal, see we have a process of understanding the portfolio based on various cuts, 
geographically, ticket size wise, and various other cuts. So, in that comparative study 
within Madhya Pradesh, we found that in the Eastern belt, we had few cases going 
bad. So, that is the reason Sachinderji mentioned that within MP, one belt was 
showing stress in few cases. And we have taken corrective actions, we have brought 
senior people in credit and taken the learnings from this. So, it is a comparative 
statement when we were talking about state-wise and then further zonal and further 
cuts on the state. So, that is it. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
But overall, I think as a company, we are very comfortable on asset quality, either 
bouncing rate or 1 plus or 90 plus. Bouncing rate is steady state basis. I think we didn't 
see much change. 1+ increased in last quarter, but I think we gained back our 
momentum and are reaching less than 4% now. And in next 2 quarters, it will start to 
show results in the 90+ also. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
And just to add on, there has been no meaningful increase in our bounce rate. They 
continue to remain stable at around gross of 18% net at 13.5%, which is broadly in 
line with the level seen in Quarter 2 and H1 of last year.  
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. Sir, I just had one more question. We keep hearing,  reading the sell-side report, 
which generally highlights that employee attrition challenge, given that we have very 
tight credit filter, which is very good in long term, but in near term, what do you call, if 
it increases the employee attrition, so how would you like to address the challenge 
for employee attrition overall? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
See, attrition for FY25 has come down by 7 percentage points from FY24 level. And 
during Quarter 2 FY26, it is further reduced by 100 bps to 17% in Q2 versus 18% last 
year. What we have done is, we are benefiting from our regional HR strategy, where 
we have ensured that HR person's presence in every region to address ground 
employees' concerns, motivate them, engage them, and train them. So, all this really 
helps us to maintain the levels at which we really are desirable. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. Wishing you all the best for future quarters. Thank you. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. Sir, my question was pertaining to 
lending rate. So, what is our incremental lending rate in HL and MSME? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
At overall mixed level, as Sachinderji mentioned, we are almost 25 bps lower than our 
overall portfolio yield at this moment, which is very much in line with our strategy 
because cost of borrowing is continuously falling. Our incremental cost of borrowing 
is almost 60 bps plus better than last year. So, it is affordable to us in our growth as 
well as maintaining the spread strategy.  
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. So, with the cost of fund benefit flowing in, what is our PLR strategy in the 
second half? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
We are, I think, Sachinderji who addressed this question. Again, I will elaborate. Banks 
are our largest lending partner, the short term MCLR got readjusted, but still 6 months 
and above MCLR is yet to pass the benefit. We are closely watching the interest rate 
scenario. If we see steady state basis, our cost of borrowing is falling. So, definitely, 
we will think about reducing our PLR and we will consider this thing in the next ALCO. 
However, we are already passing a few benefits to the new acquisition of customers 
so that we will remain on the competitive curve.  
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. So, sorry for asking this question again because I joined the call a little late. 
Thank you for answering. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. This is just a follow up. You mentioned that your 
incremental cost of funds is 60 bps lower and incremental spread is around 25 bps 
lower. Does it mean that incremental lending rate is around 100 bps lower than the 
book rate? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
No. My incremental lending rate is 25 bps lower than my total AUM rate. That is within 
our strategy because my incremental cost of borrowing is almost 60 bps better than 
last year. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So, your incremental spreads are technically better than the book spread? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
That is converting in the better spread. 
Nischin Chawathe: 
No. So, what it means is that your incremental spreads are actually better than the 
book spreads? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes, incremental to incremental, it is right. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
No, I am trying to say that the incremental spread is today higher than the book 
spread. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
If I compare incremental to incremental, it is right. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So, I think, Nischint, we highlighted the improvement in the kind of yields which we 
are doing, and we highlighted that the sequential improvement quarter-on-quarter 
and year-on-year. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Yes, got it. Thank you very much. 

 
 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thanks, Nischint. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Mona Khetan: 
Hi, good evening, sir. And thanks for taking up my question. So, I have two questions. 
Firstly, in our sourcing mix, is there any contribution of DSA? If any? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So, I think as a part of the alternate strategy, we have CSC, eMitra, others which really 
come across and build across. From a pure perspective of DSA, I think it is not 
meaningful at this period of time from our stage. We continue to do it more from a 
direct source channel to an allied channels which are CSC, eMitra, Mitra and which 
are around our ecosystem, so to say. 
Mona Khetan: 
So, it will be fair to say that it is sub 5% or? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes, it is less than 10%. 
Mona Khetan: 
Less than 10%. And secondly, if you could share the AUM mix based on ticket size, 
less than 5 lakhs, 5-15 and above 25 lakhs? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
That is there. If you look at the presentation, it is available on the presentation. 
Mona Khetan: 
Yes, that is on the number of loans. I was looking for the AUM mix. That’s based on 
the number of loans. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Rakesh, Investor Relations will come back to you on specific data if you are really 
referring to on the value side. 
Mona Khetan: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So, just to give you a broad scape, less than 25 lakhs, we have around 76.7%, that is 
around 77% is below 25 lakhs. 
Mona Khetan: 
So, about 23% of the AUM is above 25 lakhs. 
Rakesh Shinde: 
Right, that is right. 
Mona Khetan: 
And anything on less than 5 lakhs as well? 
Rakesh Shinde: 
Less than 5 lakhs, it is around 11% of outstanding AuM. 
Mona Khetan: 
11% of AUM. 
Rakesh Shinde: 
Yes, right. 
Mona Khetan: 
And do you also have between 5-15 or sub 15 will also work? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Those are very finer details. I think these are business intelligence. I think we do not 
share all this much in detail. 
Mona Khetan: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for the day, I will now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Ladies & Gentlemen, as we conclude today’s earnings call, I would like to extend my 
sincere gratitude to each of you for your time, engagement, and continued support. 
The progress we’ve made is a testament to the unwavering dedication of our team, 
the trust placed in us by our shareholders, and the enduring loyalty of our customers.  
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the opportunities that lie before us. We 
are confident that our strategic initiatives, underpinned by prudent risk management 
and a customer-centric approach, will continue to deliver sustainable growth and 
long-term value for all our stakeholders. Should you have any further questions or 
require additional information, please feel free to reach out to Rakesh Shinde, our 
Head of Investor Relations. Thank you once again, and we wish you all the absolute 
best in the days ahead. God Bless. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Aavas Financiers Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
