Emcure 
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Registered Office: Plot No. P-1 & P-2, IT-BT Park, Phase-II, M.I.D.C., Hinjawadi, Pune - 411057, Maharashtra, India 
Phone Nos.: +91 20 – 35070033/ 35070000 Fax No.: +91 20 3507 0060 
E-mail: corporate@emcure.com  Website: www.emcure.com  CIN: L24231PN1981PLC024251 
Ref: EPL/CS/SE/0089/2025               
 
 
 
       Date: November 17, 2025 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Script Symbol: EMCURE 
BSE Limited  
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code/Symbol: 544210/ EMCURE 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Call – Q2 FY26 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015 
and further to 
our 
intimation 
dated                           
November 03, 2025, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Call for Q2 FY26, held on 
Tuesday, November 11, 2025 at 03.00 p.m. (IST).  
 
 
The above-mentioned transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.emcure.com. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on your records.  
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Chetan Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership Number: F8352 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
CHETAN 
RAJENDRA 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
CHETAN RAJENDRA 
SHARMA 
Date: 2025.11.17 
16:22:21 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATISH MEHTA – MANANGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. TAJUDDIN SHAIKH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. VIKAS THAPAR – PRESIDENT, CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT, STRATEGY AND FINANCE 
 
MR. SAMIT MEHTA– WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. PIYUSH NAHAR - EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND STRATEGY 
 
 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited's Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Piyush Nahar. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Piyush Nahar: 
Thank you, Danish. Good afternoon, everyone. Earlier today, we released our financials for the 
second quarter of fiscal 2026, along with the press release. These are also posted on our website. 
We hope you all had the opportunity to review it. 
 
I'd like to bring to everyone's notice that this call is being recorded and the recording and 
transcripts will be available on our website. To discuss the business performance and outlook, 
we have on the call our Managing Director & CEO, Mr. Satish Mehta; our CFO, Tajuddin 
Shaikh; our Whole-time Director, Samit Mehta; and President - Corporate Development 
Strategy and Finance, Vikas Thapar. 
 
Before we begin, I want to remind everyone about the safe harbor related to today's investor call. 
Today's discussion may include certain forward-looking statements, which must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks that our business faces that could cause our future results, performance 
or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. 
 
At the end of the call, if any of your queries remain unanswered, please feel free to contact us. I 
will now request Mr. Satish Mehta to provide the opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Satish Mehta: 
Thank you, Piyush. Good afternoon all. This is Satish Mehta. It's a pleasure to speak to you post 
our second quarter FY '26 results. During the quarter, we saw sustained momentum in all our 
businesses, which helped us to deliver overall revenue growth of 13% year-on-year; and our 
highest quarterly profits of INR 251 crores, representing a 25% PAT growth with highest 
quarterly profits of INR 251 crores. We remain on track to deliver the high-level guidance we 
have given at the start of the year. 
 
As I have been communicating all along, partnerships with best-in-class MNCs to complement 
our business and internal R&D efforts will continue to be an important part of our growth 
strategy. 
 
You would have seen our announcement yesterday that we have partnered with Novo Nordisk 
to build a second brand of semaglutide, Poviztra, this is a step in that direction. This indeed is a 
key initiative for us. 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
We have been talking about how we see significant potential in the GLP market, given the fact 
that India has 25 crores obese/overweight population. The partnership gives us an early entry in 
the obesity market versus the rest of the competition and positions Emcure to shape it. 
 
Now let me provide you with key business updates for the quarter. Overall, we continue to 
execute on our strategy of growing in teens and improving base margins. We continue to invest 
in top-class people, processes and products. 
 
Coming to the domestic business, we continue to see good traction in the business. We are 
executing well on our strategy. The benefits of this are reflecting in our growth with the business 
growing higher than the industry at 11% in the quarter. We saw growth in all our key segments, 
namely, gynec and cardio. Our new areas of derma, consumer and diabetes continue to do well, 
and we are ramping up as per our expectations. 
 
We have now completed the purchase of the minority stake in Zuventus, which allows us to fully 
consolidate the business. We also expect some synergies on the back-end going forward. We 
remain confident that we will continue to grow above industry. 
 
Now I would like to move to the international segment. Our International segment grew strong 
at 16% plus, with all geographies seeing strong traction. Europe saw a very strong growth of 
22% in the quarter, led by ramp-up of Amphotericin B and some benefits of Manx that we 
acquired about which we spoke to you in the past. We expect Amphotericin B to see launches 
across Europe by year-end. Our Canada business continues to see strong growth and grew 17%, 
led by market share gains and new launches. 
 
Our Rest of the World business growth was led largely by non-ARV segment, which grew in 
teens. We have a strong product pipeline and are very positive on the growth going forward. Let 
me conclude by saying, overall, we are progressing well in our 5-year plan to take Emcure from 
good to great. 
 
With these remarks, I will now pass on the call to Mr. Taj, my CFO, to share the financial details 
of the last quarter with you before we open the floor for question and answer. Thank you very 
much. 
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'll take you through some of the key 
financial highlights for the second quarter. Revenues from operations for the quarter grew 13.4% 
YoY to INR 2,270 crores, up from INR 2,002 crores in quarter 2 of FY '25. The domestic 
business grew by 10.6% YoY to INR 1,031 crores, this is led by strong performance across all 
key therapies. International markets maintained strong growth momentum, growing 15.8% YoY, 
INR 1,238 crores. 
 
Europe saw a strong growth of 22.7% YoY, reaching INR444 crores. Canada reported a healthy 
17.5% growth to INR 348 crores. The emerging markets grew 8.6% YoY to INR 446 crores, 
with strong contribution from non-ARV portfolio.  
Gross margins for the quarter stood at 60.8% versus 60.6% in Q2 of FY '25. The change was 
driven largely by product and business mix. EBITDA excluding other income was up 15.2% 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
YoY to INR 439 crores. EBITDA margin stood at 19.3% versus 19% in Q2 FY '25 and 19.2% 
in Q1 '26, supported by our operating leverage and productivity gains. 
 
Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was INR 105 crores. Interest cost was                                
INR 33 crores. The effective tax rate stood at 26%. Profit after tax came in at INR 251 crores, 
showing strong growth of 24% YoY. Net debt for the quarter was at INR 837 crores. The debt 
has increased primarily due to partial payout of the ZHL stake purchase. 
 
With that, I will look forward for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Foram Parekh from Bank of 
Baroda Capital Markets. Please go ahead.  
Foram Parekh: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. My first question is on the Novo Nordisk deal that 
we have announced yesterday. I see that we are the exclusive distributor on this Novo Nordisk 
thing, semaglutide. So how big do we see this opportunity to be? Can it be bigger than the 
Sanofi's in-licensed portfolio? Some color that if you can just share, how big do you see this 
opportunity? 
Vikas Thapar: 
Yes. This is Vik. I'll take this question. So obviously, in terms of potential, as the CEO 
mentioned, there's more than 250 million people living in India with generalized obesity. And if 
you add abdominal obesity, the population is as high as 350 million. 
 
So obviously, the scale of this challenge of obesity or people being overweight is very, very 
large. While we don't want to put a number to how large the opportunity could be, but we believe 
that it has certainly a large potential. 
 
And obviously, we're excited about the partnership with Novo to handle the brands for this drug 
because we feel that having an early-mover advantage and an opportunity to shape this market 
will allow us to fully capture our share of that potential market that will play out over time. 
Foram Parekh: 
Yes. That's helpful. But I was just looking out like in a chronology if we have to do it. Like 
Sanofi's in-license portfolio would be around INR 200 crores for us. So do you expect this 
opportunity to be bigger than the Sanofi's opportunity? 
Satish Mehta: 
If you allow me to say, as far as Sanofi is concerned, we got the portfolio which was already 
existing, means it is known. They have been promoting these products for a very long time. This 
product we will be launching and we're going to various segments for the first time. So let it play 
out over a period of time, and we'll keep you posted on a quarterly basis about the progress that 
we are making. 
Foram Parekh: 
Sure. That's helpful. My second question is on the margins front. I see EBITDA margin is around 
19% for a couple of quarters now, 8 to 10 quarters in a row. So would it be fair to assume that 
our EBITDA margin will be stable around 19% or do we expect it to increase going forward? 
Piyush Nahar: 
So Foram, I think what we have even guided at the start of the year, we expect the margins to 
go up. So this quarter's 19.3% odd that we are seeing that includes the new Sanofi in-licensing 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
that we did. So I think what we have guided for is we expect this year the base margins to 
improve by about 150 basis points. I think we'll be on track for that. 
Foram Parekh: 
Sure. Okay. And my last question is on the debt side. I think a couple of quarters back, we had 
alluded to becoming debt free in FY '26. But this quarter, in this H1 balance sheet, I see debt 
increasing. So are we on track to become debt-free by the FY '26? 
Piyush Nahar: 
So Foram, when we have guided for FY '26, that was without any acquisitions. As you have 
noticed in this quarter end, basically in the last few months, we have acquired the remaining 
stake in Zuventus. So the debt increase that you are seeing is because of that. So I think with 
post that acquisition, we expect now to be debt-free by end of next year. So it'll take about 18 to 
24 months. 
Foram Parekh: 
Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Service. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, firstly on Poviztra, where patent expiry is sort of in March '26 anticipated. So from that 
perspective, how does this deal help? Because in this case, we are not going to use Innovators 
brand. And do we have area demarcation in terms of certain regions or areas where there will be 
sort of exclusivity for Emcure or certain areas where Novo Nordisk will be selling? If you can 
clarify these two please? 
Vikas Thapar: 
I think if you look at the construct of this deal, obviously, post-LOE, we anticipate a very 
crowded market in India. And so the ability to partner with Novo and launch this brand ahead 
of the competition and allowing ourselves to shape the market and have brand recall versus being 
lost in the crowd probably 4, 5 months down the line is something that we feel strongly will 
allow us to succeed in terms of our aspirations for the market share and what we think the 
potential of the brand is. 
 
In terms of the market, obviously, one of the rationale for Novo to look to partner this product 
is based on Emcure's strength not only in terms of our distribution network across India, but our 
more than 5,000 field force covering various specialties. And we think that this is a brand that 
obviously has co-morbidity issues and can be prescribed by a number of different specialists. 
 
And so Novo is very excited about partnering with a company like Emcure, where we can take 
this brand to the nook and corner of India as well as, some of the specialties, particularly where 
Emcure is already very strong. 
Satish Mehta: 
Let me add something Tushar, for you that as far this Poviztra is concerned at the global level, 
it has been used to go by almost 40 million people. The other thing as far as Novo is concerned, 
they have enormous amount of clinical data, a lot of Phase IV data and also the real data. 
 
So to that extent, what will happen in terms of science, I think it will be of tremendous help in 
shaping the market because as far as this particular product is concerned, this is in termed as 
biological injectable, not a chemical entity. To that extent, having this product in shaping the 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
market will go a long way because we'll be going with enormous amount of scientific data when 
we go to the doctors. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it. And just secondly, just in terms of is there any area demarcation or certain areas to be 
addressed by you or you will be sort of able to sell even where Novo Nordisk is selling? 
Vikas Thapar: 
Yes. We'll be able to sell where Novo is also selling. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And secondly, on the balance sheet side, there is a reasonable increase in the inventory for the 
past 6 months. Is this to do with certain product launches for export or for Indian market, if you 
just clarify on that as well? 
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
Yes. So what happened is for the European market, we are anticipating some new launches and 
even the Canadian market, and that's where the inventory has gone up. So inventory based on 
the forecast for the H2, the H2 forecast is a bit higher. On that basis, inventory has been 
accumulated to that. Over the next 6 months, we see inventory normalizing. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it. Thank you. That's it for my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question come from the line of Sudarshan Padmanabhan from ASK 
Capital. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Yes, thank you for taking my question. Congrats on a good set of numbers. My question is when 
we look at the last 3 to 4 quarters, we have done very well in terms of penetrating into the chronic 
space, cardio diabetes, whether it is through acquisition or in-licensing. If I look at probably the 
way things are moving forward with the tie-up with Novo Nordisk, this seems to be gathering 
well. So some color with respect to how do we see the chronic portion of the business improving 
from here and also on the newer therapies? 
 
The second part of the question is partly you answered about the MR activity earlier that we are 
one of the very few companies who have built a fair amount of manufacturing capabilities as 
well. So as these manufacturing capabilities comes into the fore in terms of complex launches 
globally, I'm looking about more of longer term, how do we see the business moving towards, 
say, 25% and where do you see the coverage? 
Satish Mehta: 
No. As far as chronic is concerned, of course, about association with Sanofi or even for that 
matter, the products with the company is launched in terms of chirality and others. And I am 
also inclined to take, as far as gynec is concerned, it is sub-chronic. So that will keep on getting 
traction as we go along. And semaglutide will also come in the same category because as far as 
semaglutide is concerned, we also possibly have a treatment over a period of 6 to 8 months as I 
understand. So chronic business, going forward, we will keep on getting traction. 
Vikas Thapar: 
I think on the second part of your question regarding the margin expansion and the in-house 
manufacturing capabilities, I think directionally, that's absolutely correct that if you look at our 
pipeline, we have a very exciting mix of some complex injectables, some of the biosimilars we 
want to take to the emerging markets. And so some of these products, obviously having control 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
of the supply chain and the manufacturing in-house is going to bode well in terms of launching 
these in various markets internationally. 
 
And I think we have guided all along that over the next 3 to 4-year horizon, as the product mix 
changes and also in the domestic market with some of the addition of the chronic portfolio 
ramping up, we do think that the margin expansion happens along with the MR productivity 
going up as well. 
 
Having said that, I would also just urge you to think about, as we highlighted that an important 
pillar of our growth will continue to be in-licensing opportunities with some of the leading 
MNCs. And so obviously, to that extent, those margins have to be sort of looked at in conjunction 
with those opportunities. 
 
But obviously, those opportunities tend to be very ROCE lucrative. And so to that extent, if you 
look at the base business and the product mix of that, we're very, very bullish in terms of 
expanding our margins, as we have guided. But then, of course, we also will continue to look 
for these types of layering on opportunities of in-licensing arrangements that will still be very 
cash flow positive and ROCE positive into the whole mix. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sure, sir. Do you have any target in mind with respect to how much of chronic are we targeting, 
say, in two, three years and how much margin we would be looking at? 
Piyush Nahar: 
I think for us, the focus will be to grow the chronic. But also the other pillar for us, a big pillar 
is the women's health, right, which effectively gets classified as acute. So there also, we see a 
lot of opportunities. So it's not going to be very significant because we see both of the pillars 
going quite well. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sure. So one final question before I join back the queue is as we scale up and as the profitability 
improves, our ability to generate cash also improves quite drastically. So how do we look at 
deploying the cash? I mean would our target be more so towards domestic? If so, what are we 
looking at? Or is it export market? So what are we looking at over here? 
Vikas Thapar: 
Certainly, I think we have stated in the past as well that M&A will continue to be an important 
part of our growth strategy. And to that extent, domestic market, which is our single largest 
market, we will definitely be active in looking for M&A opportunities there. There will 
obviously be a combination of certain segments where we're barely present or not present today.  
So if we have an opportunity for portfolio that allows us entry or more meaningful entry into a 
segment, that's something we would certainly evaluate. Segments where we're already strong, 
obviously, we want to build on our strength there. So if we have a complementary portfolio that 
we can add in the segments where we're strong and present is another area we would certainly 
be aggressive on looking at for the domestic market. 
Outside of that, in the rest of world markets, there's probably a dozen or so key markets where 
we think have a bright future. We're obviously already strong in Canada, in U.K. and other parts 
of Europe. So if we have bolt-on acquisition opportunities to add to what we already have there 
and the team that already is handling the front end in those markets, certainly, we would look at 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
M&A opportunities, like we did, for example, with the Manx portfolio recently earlier this year 
in the U.K. market. 
So I would say, these are the key areas that we would focus on in terms of deploying some of 
that cash that we're able to generate. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sure, thanks a lot. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Utkarsh Kedia from BFS. Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Kedia: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. I actually wanted to ask, how the new drug Poviztra is 
different from Mounjaro? And can we meet the growth levels of Mounjaro in India? 
Samit Mehta: 
Yes. The two molecules, they are different. Obviously, Poviztra is semaglutide, and is the second 
brand of Wegovy, which is semaglutide. Mounjaro is tirzepatide. So that's the difference 
between the two. And we strongly believe that the kind of success that Lilly is seeing with 
Mounjaro can be replicated even with this product, given that there's much more extensive data 
and some additional indications that this has approval for. 
Utkarsh Kedia: 
And also one more question. Can you please throw some light on the biosimilar space? How it 
is progressing as of right now? 
Samit Mehta: 
Sure. So on the biosimilar space, from our existing portfolio, we are seeing more approvals in 
the emerging markets for tenecteplase, both for myocardial infaction as well as the acute 
ischemic stroke indication.  
And as far as the pipeline goes, we have completed our Phase III of Bevacizumab. We believe 
it's gone up very well, and we should be submitting our file for evaluation by the SEC and 
subsequent approval by the regulators in the next few weeks. 
Utkarsh Kedia: 
 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. That answers my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, is there now any restriction on Emcure launching the generic presence of Ozempic or 
Wegovy in international markets? 
Vikas Thapar: 
No. This agreement with Novo is specifically for the Indian territory, no restrictions for outside 
of India. 
Alankar Garude: 
Okay. So basically, our plans, Vik, for filing in Canada by the end of this fiscal will continue as 
planned? 
Vikas Thapar: 
That's correct. 
Alankar Garude: 
Okay. The second question is, can you talk about the performance of the Sanofi portfolios more 
in detail, both the cardiac one as well as the diabetes one? Because last year, we had seen after 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
the restructuring exercise, some erosion in sales in the cardiac portfolio. So, if you can just, 
maybe if not quantitative, qualitatively comment on how has been the growth in cardiac as well 
as diabetes? 
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes. I think the cardiac portfolio is now back starting in line with the industry growth. So there, 
I think, as we had even last quarter mentioned, we are seeing normalization now. I think there, 
as we mentioned the one idea for taking up portfolio is growing our own brands. And that 
synergy effect now we are seeing reflecting out. So the last few months, we have seen some of 
our own products, which go as co-prescription, there, we are seeing enough significant uptake, 
which is helping drive the cardio portfolio overall. 
Diabetes, it's been two, three months. Initially, they're tracking very well. I think Sanofi, if you 
look at historically, they have not been focusing on this portfolio. So with us now actually 
promoting it out, we are seeing a healthy growth there in that portfolio. So it's tracking in fact 
better than what we had even targeted out. 
Alankar Garude: 
Got it. So the other question is, we spoke about licensing earlier as well, and then when we 
announced this deal yesterday. Given the focus on licensing, is there any threshold you have in 
mind at which you want to keep the contribution of the in-license portfolio in India? 
Vikas Thapar: 
Yes. I mean I think, in aggregate, with our mindset is that if we can do deals that are somewhere 
in the ballpark of mid-teens EBITDA margins and then has a rub-off effect on our entire 
portfolio, I think that would be sort of a high-level threshold. 
But then obviously, each deal in each product category will have its own dynamics at play, which 
may deviate slightly up or down from that. But broadly speaking, I think that's the threshold that 
we would try to sought for, as an aggregate for all the in-licensing deals. 
Alankar Garude: 
Vik, my question was more around the sales contribution of the licensing portfolio, the in-license 
portfolio for the domestic market. So is there any threshold you have in mind around the sales 
contribution for that? 
Satish Mehta: 
It's difficult to say, the threshold or what is the percentage because as far as we are concerned, 
when building the company, there are three areas which are very close to our heart. Number one, 
that we should keep on building on the big brands that we have. That's one area which we'll be 
focusing. 
Second area, as far as R&D is concerned, it's probably best in class. So we are very strong, one 
of the rare companies which is strong in biologics and chemistry and very good front end in 
terms of formulation. 
And the third area is in-licensing. To that extent, as we go for in-licensing number 1 and number 
2, as you know, building our own brands. And apart from that, the second one, coming through 
from our R&D, that also is going to play an important role. 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
So to that extent, the bias always be in terms of ensuring that we don't become disproportionately 
from, what I would say, dependent on the in-licensing deals. Our endeavour is obviously to get 
products from our R&D and make our brands bigger. 
Vikas Thapar: 
I think it's also a function of we have a number of divisions across different specialties with our 
field force calling on specialists across. So, wherever we think that there's in-licensing 
opportunity along with either an existing team or a team that comes with that opportunity, where 
we think we could do justice to it and it's going to be accretive to our overall profitability; we 
wouldn't certainly rule it out. 
So there's no threshold as such. I think what the CEO said is, the first preference is obviously 
going to be to keep building our own portfolio. And where we can complement it with                             
in-licensing and it meets those aspects, we will certainly continue to look for more and more of 
those opportunities. 
Satish Mehta: 
And just to add to what Vik said, say, for example, the diabetic portfolio that we got from Sanofi, 
and I also mentioned in my last meeting that as far as diabetology is concerned, we need to do a 
lot of work. So with this particular portfolio and Sanofi people also joining post their retirement 
or whatever, in Sanofi, it is obviously helping our products as well. And that is also going to 
play an important role as we go along. 
Alankar Garude: 
That's helpful. The other question was on the international markets. Firstly, on ARV pricing, 
how has been the pricing over the last few tenders, say, for instance, we had the South African 
tender recently? And broadly, can you comment on the outlook for the ARV business, especially 
out of India? 
Piyush Nahar: 
So, Alankar, the pricing has been largely stable. I think even in the new South Africa tenders 
and all, we haven't seen much impact on the pricing. So that has been stable. I think for our 
perspective, we have quite a good, healthy order book. So we have visibility for the current year 
and even the next year.  
Satish Mehta: 
Yes, Alankar, really, this was the outlook for the very recent, you know, the recent tender for 
South Africa has gone our way. So not only current year, but we are also covering for the next 
year. So that’s going on well. 
Samit Mehta: 
And then, of course, Lenacapavir, we are getting closer. We should start applying for submission 
and approval across different countries and that should drive. We are also in talks with a few of 
the other innovator companies for their novel molecules. So the pipeline is also very healthy in 
terms of whatever the upcoming treatment regimens are. 
Alankar Garude: 
Got it. And one final clarification. Then, Piyush, you talk about margin expansion of 150 basis 
points base margins, you said. You are excluding the Sanofi diabetes as well as the Novo deal, 
right? 
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you. 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rajakumar Vaidyanathan from RK 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on the Sanofi portfolio. So first question is, do 
you expect, given that these brands have a less or low penetration in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities? Do 
you expect the growth from this portfolio to be better than the other domestic pharma segment? 
Piyush Nahar: 
I think the Sanofi portfolio, if you look at, these are all quite old molecules, right? So, they have 
a brand recall even in the smaller markets, but I think where the business has been done well is 
they have not been promoted for the last many years. So, we do expect, it to see revival. I think 
what we are targeting is to grow more in line with the industry. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. And the second question is currently, you have a distribution and marketing agreement. 
So, I don't know whether these products are produced by Sanofi's own factory or is they're using 
CMOs to do. So is there an opportunity to kind of get that piece also over a longer period of 
time? 
Piyush Nahar: 
So as of now, these are mostly produced by Sanofi. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. So you're looking at leveraging this partnership further? Or it will kind of stay here for 
the medium term? 
Satish Mehta: 
Very difficult to say as of now.  
Vikas Thapar  
Yes, I think in terms of looking at, you know, Emcure playing a role in the manufacturing, it's 
something that obviously, if it would make sense to both sides, it's something that is a 
conversation that we could have from time to time, but that's not a priority in terms of the sales 
and distribution aspect of the partnership. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay. And lastly, Sanofi has kind of stopped the R&D on diabetics segment for a long time 
before. So I just wonder if at some point of time, if they want to divest the portfolio with, will 
Emcure be interested to acquire those brands? 
Satish Mehta: 
That is speculation. We will see. Of course, having said that, you know, one thing you know that 
as far as we are concerned, we want to play a bigger role in metabolic. So, to that extent, any 
opportunity comes our way, we will be more than happy to look at it favorably. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Capital Services 
Limited. Please go ahead, sir. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Sir, on this domestic business growth of 10.5%, which we 
have seen during the quarter, can you comment in terms of what was the organic growth for the 
portfolio excluding the Sanofi oral anti-diabetes brands? 
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes, except that, it has been at 8.5%-9%. 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay. So and this quarter, you would have seen the, let's say, contribution from the diabetes 
portfolio to the extent of 2 months? 
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes, roughly about 1.5 months. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay, sure, sir. And so 8%, 8.5% growth on the organic side? 
Piyush Nahar 
Yes. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And sir, obviously, last year or let's say, in the last few years, we got impacted in terms 
of organic growth in the India business because of patent expiry for FCM. But now given that 
FCM patent expiry is also in the base, when do you think that this organic growth for us, let's 
say, starts moving to a double-digit kind of a number? 
Piyush Nahar: 
So if you look at last quarter, in Q1, we were at double digit. I think last quarter, as you have 
noticed across the industry, there was some impact that we had because of the GST changes. So 
I think going forward, we should be at that double-digit growth level. 
Vikas Thapar: 
I think what we've continued to guide is that organically, we would look to be at industry growth 
rates plus 100 to 200 basis points. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay. Sure, sir. And sir, on the semaglutide opportunity, can you also talk about the 
manufacturing strategy for the product? So I would assume that there is patent expiry, you might 
be importing the product into India. But once the patent goes off, is there an option to 
manufacture the product locally here in India? 
Vikas Thapar: 
In fact, this is there global product. So they will continue to be importing the product for us to 
market and distribute in India and no plans to locally manufacture. In fact, obviously, having the 
global product for access to Indian market, we think, is going to be a huge benefit in terms of 
giving access to patients to a product that is, like the CEO said, being used by millions of patients 
worldwide, the exact product. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay. Sure, sir. Those are the two questions from me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Gagan Thareja from Groww Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Yes. Good afternoon. I hope I'm audible? 
Moderator: 
You are audible. However, your voice is low. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. All right. So, the first question is on semaglutide. I think, in the past, you indicated you 
are vertically integrated and you want to get into the Indian market for semaglutide. So while 
the deal is for one segment of semaglutide brand and prescriptions, would you be launching your 
own generic version of Ozempic in the market in India? 
Vikas Thapar: 
No. For the Indian market, I think while we were pursuing our own development, I think, in light 
of this deal, which we believe for Emcure, partnering with Novo is a much more lucrative 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
opportunity to really grab market share and shape the market. So, for the Indian context, 
basically, we'll be relying on our deal with Novo for promoting the second brand of sema. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. And Zuventus balance share that you acquired, will it be effective from the coming 
quarter, will it basically show up in the minority interest being reduced? 
Vikas Thapar: 
That's correct. In fact, it was completed in the first week of October itself. So you'll get the 
benefit of that for pretty much the entire quarter going forward. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Great. And on the RoW piece, while this quarter, you indicated ARV related sales perhaps were 
not very strong and the sales were driven by ex of ARV. How do you see the balance of the year 
for both RoW, Europe and Canada, if you could give some idea? 
Piyush Nahar : 
So, for Europe, I think we are seeing  good traction of this. Amphotericin, we should get in all 
the markets in the second half of the year. So, we expect to continue doing well there. Similarly, 
Canada, I think continues to grow at mid-teens for us, and we do not see any challenge there. 
 
I think, on the Rest of the World, especially the ARV, there is lumpiness in quarters that you 
see. But what we have, mentioned earlier also that we have a good healthy order book. So we 
have quite good visibility for the current year and even a large part of next year out there. 
Satish  Mehta: 
Yes. Non-ARV continues to grow much better than ARV. On the back of, what I would say, we 
are getting from the various regulatory agencies. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Right. And the final one on the operating margins while there's an improvement year-on-year 
adjusted for FX, as you have still shown in your numbers, it's around 20 basis points. So while 
the full-year guidance is around 150 basis points, I think on 1H, we would have improved, but 
not to that extent. 
 
So is it then, you know, reasonable to infer that second half operating margins year-on-year 
improvement would be substantial? Second half last year, I think, was relatively weaker than 
first half. 
Piyush Nahar: 
Yes, that is correct. I think given some of the launches and I think what we are seeing in the 
domestic side, we do expect the second half to be much better versus last year. 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Thank you for the follow up. Sir, on Amphotericin B, which all markets have we launched in 
Europe currently and which are the other markets you are looking to add by the end of this fiscal? 
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
We have launched it in Italy at present. The rest of the launches would be probably later during 
this quarter. Italy is where we launched the product right now.  
Piyush Nahar:  
So UK we had launched last year. I think in the other European, Italy, we have recently launched. 

  
 
Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Samit Mehta: 
We should have launches in some of the other Western European countries like France, Germany 
in the remaining part of this financial year. 
Alankar Garude: 
Okay. So UK and Italy is done and then the others will be in the second half? 
Tajuddin Shaikh: 
UK was launched last year, and the others will in the second half. 
Alankar Garude: 
Yes. Okay. The second one is, can you just take us through the progress of Tenecteplase for the 
stroke indication across markets? How is the acceptance being? And maybe if you can talk about 
India as well. 
 
However being the registrations ongoing, is there any resistance to the acceptance of this 
product? Or any highlights there? And when should we see a meaningful upside from the stroke 
indication for Emcure across markets? 
Samit Mehta: 
Yes. So in India, I think the acceptance is pretty strong. In terms of the other markets, the focus 
is more on the myocardial infaction indication. There are a few markets in which we have got 
some doctor-initiated demand without registration for the stroke indication. 
 
And from whatever we have heard from those case studies, the results are positive which is now 
becoming a little bit of a precursor for formally initiating the registration process in those 
countries as well. But currently, most of the approvals that we're getting in the emerging markets 
is for the original myocardial infaction. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. Yes, I think that’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bhavesh, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavesh: 
Good afternoon, team. All my questions have been answered. Just wanted to thank Satish ji and 
his derma team for an upgraded line of the derma products, especially the Ureaderm, which I 
tried recently, and it's an amazing product. And the packaging itself is quite premium perfectly 
targeting the Gen Z. So quite thankful for it. That's it from my side, and all the best. 
Vikas Thapar: 
That's great to hear, and I appreciate the compliments. In fact, it's a Canadian product. And so 
we're very excited about the launch and the repackaging. And I'm glad to hear that you're having 
a good experience with it. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, since there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Piyush Nahar for the closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Piyush Nahar: 
Thank you. Thank you all for joining today's investor call. If any of your queries still remain 
unanswered, please feel free to get in touch with us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
