 
 
Ref. No.: GTPL/SE/2026 
 
January 16, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 540602 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),   
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Trading Symbol: GTPL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Post Results Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter and nine months ended December 
31, 2025.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Post Results Conference Call on Unaudited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and nine months 
ended December 31, 2025, held on January 13, 2026, is available on the Company’s website at 
https://webapi.gtpl.net/WebSiteImages/InvestorRelation/Announcements/2025-
2026/Q3/GTPL%20Hathway%20Ltd%20-%20Q3FY26%20Earnings%20call%20-
%20Transcript.pdf 
 
The said transcript is also enclosed herewith. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
 
Shweta Sultania  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
SHWETA 
SULTANIA
Digitally signed by SHWETA 
SULTANIA 
Date: 2026.01.16 17:34:56 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“GTPL Hathway Limited Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIRUDHSINH JADEJA – PROMOTER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, GTPL HATHWAY LIMITED 
MR. PIYUSH PANKAJ – BUSINESS HEAD B2B AND 
CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER, GTPL HATHWAY 
LIMITED 
MR. SAURAV BANERJEE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
GTPL HATHWAY LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRANAV KSHATRIYA – EMKAY GLOBAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GTPL Hathway's Q3 FY '26 Earning 
Conference Call hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav 
Kshatriya – Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to welcome the management and thank them for this 
opportunity. We have with us today Mr. Anirudhsinh Jadeja - Promoter and Managing Director; 
Mr. Piyush Pankaj - Business Head B2B and Chief Strategy Officer and Mr. Saurav Banerjee - 
Chief Financial Officer. 
I shall now hand over the call to Mr. Anirudhsinh Jadeja for his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
Anirudhsinh Jadeja: 
Thank you, Pranav. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we discuss 
GTPL Hathway's performance for 3rd Quarter of FY '26. 
At GTPL Hathway, our journey has always been driven by clear purpose to build scalable, 
future-ready platform that expands access, creates value and strengthens India's digital 
infrastructure. The launch of GTPL Infinity, our Headend-In-The-Sky platform marks a decisive 
step forward in the journey, the details of which will be given by Mr. Piyush in his speech. 
This quarter underscored our strong operational momentum and reinforcement of our leadership 
in both Digital Cable TV and Broadband Services. In Digital Cable TV, we sustained our market 
share and on the Broadband, we continue to grow our subscriber base and strengthened our 
presence in key market. 
I now invite Mr. Piyush Pankaj to share deeper insight into the key performance indicators of 
our Cable TV and Broadband segment and highlights of our achievements in the current quarter. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Thanks, Mr. Jadeja. Good evening, everyone. 
It gives me immense pride to share with you a landmark development in India's digital 
broadcasting journey. GTPL Hathway Limited unveiled its revolutionary Headend-In-The-Sky 
platform, GTPL Infinity, built on one of the world's largest C-Band teleport infrastructures. The 
platform is designed to support a planned capacity of nearly 800 channels, including around 100 
HD channels, and enables partners to go live within as little as 24 hours using minimal 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
infrastructures. This significantly reduces deployment time, enhances uptime, and lowers 
operating costs while enabling true pan-India reach. The benefits of these platforms are 
transformative. It reduces delivery costs, opens new monetization opportunities, and empowers 
digital service providers, whether LMOs, LCOs, MSOs, or commercial establishments, to go to 
market faster. 
With just a single-dish antenna and minimal investment, partners can be operational within 24 
hours, a true game-changer for underserved regions. GTPL is going beyond television and 
enabling bundled services like high-speed broadband, OTT, and cloud gaming. From metros to 
rural villages, it delivers world-class entertainment and connectivity. 
Now, let me start off by mentioning KPIs for both our business segments: 
First, Cable TV segment: 
Our Digital Cable TV subscriber base, as on 31st December 25, stood at 9.40 million. The total 
business partners count stands at more than 48,000 plus, and they remain key enablers for our 
quest on expanding our pan-India presence. In the Broadband business, the active subscriber 
base at the end of quarter stood at 1.06 million, adding 18,000 new subscribers. Homepass stood 
at 5.95 million as of 31st December 2025. 
The Broadband ARPU for Quarter 3 FY '26 stood at INR 465. Average data consumption per 
month stood at 410 GB, a 12% increase Y-o-Y. As part of our strategic roadmap, we remain 
focused on both organic and inorganic opportunities to drive sustainable growth across our core 
business segments. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Saurav Banerjee, who will take you through the financial 
performance of the company. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Thank you, Mr. Piyush. Good evening to all participants. 
For the quarter on a consolidated level, our total revenue grew by 5% Y-o-Y to INR 9,382 
million. Subscription revenue for Quarter 3 FY '26 is at INR 2,970 million. The broadband 
revenue stood at INR 1,433 million and registered a growth of 4% on a yearly basis and 3% on 
a sequential basis. Consolidated EBITDA stood at INR 1,189 million with an EBITDA margin 
of 12.7%. Net profit for Q3 FY '26 stood at INR 111 million, an increase of 19% Q-o-Q and 9% 
Y-o-Y. Our consolidated operating EBITDA stood at INR 1,109 million in Q3 FY '26, 
registering an operating margin of 23.9%. 
On the standalone front, total revenue grew by 9% Y-o-Y to INR 6,148 million. Subscription 
revenue saw an increase by 2% Y-o-Y to INR 2,165 million. Standalone EBITDA stood at INR 
587 million with an EBITDA margin of 9.6%. The standalone net profit of Q3 FY '26 stood at 
INR 10 million. During the quarter, employee costs were impacted by a one-time expense of Rs. 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
22 million due to the new wage code which has been implemented recently while the HITS 
Right-of-Use resulted in an additional Rs. 55 million impact across amortization and finance 
costs. 
I would now request the moderator to open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Preeti Agarwal from SK Associates. Please go 
ahead. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Hello, thank you so much for the opportunity. As I see the presentation highlights upon the 
opportunities from industry consolidation with MSO count declining sharply and like around 40 
million households potentially up for grabs, but like are you finding acquisition to be a challenge 
or is it the valuation being asked or the quality of subscribers or even the presence which is a 
hurdle in the inorganic growth? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
So, as part of our strategy, we are increasing our sub-base and increasing our market share 
through inorganic and organic both. In inorganic, the opportunities is very large as you 
mentioned about 40 million subscriber base is there for the grab in the whole country. Yes, we 
are going ahead and doing the different deals for independent MSOs or different partners in the 
market. Yes, the valuations and all, we have to go according to which market it is? What is the 
offer which is coming up? And what is the quality of that network depends and all those things? 
And the opportunities are large and we are exploring it. It is, I will say, not easy or difficult. It 
is the matching of the right fit with our network, the quality and all and which is one of the 
priorities which we give that whether this is a qualitative analysis of that network and then we 
go ahead for  any acquisitions or any inclusion in our network. So, yes, the opportunities are 
large and we are exploring it and this is part of our strategy to expand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Viral Jain from FNG Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Viral Jain: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question was with, so as you can see from the 
results, the Q3 consolidated revenue stood at Rs. 9,382 million which was up by 5% year-on-
year and with CATV subscription income declining by 2% and placement revenue was down by 
5% quarter-on-quarter. So, could you help us to give us more color on the underlying drivers of 
the revenue mix, particularly the reasons behind the sequential decline in CATV and placement 
revenue? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
CATV revenue, you are right that it has been declined by around 2% and that is mainly because 
you will see that from 8.9 million we have come down to 8.7 million as an active subscriber base 
in the last four quarters and that has impacted us around 2% of subscriber revenues, which with 
the launch of HITS, we are very confident that we will gain back and we will continue growing 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
our subscriber base and subscription revenue in the future. The second portion is the 
broadcasting and placement revenue which is linked with the pay channel cost, I will say. So, if 
you will see that the pay channel cost has also declined by around 5% and in the same proportion, 
the placement and channel and marketing incentive has been declined by 5%. So, the placement, 
the pay channel cost and the marketing incentive and placement is linked together because it is 
both from the broadcaster. So, if pay channel cost is going down, then correspondingly you will 
see that the revenue is also going down. Thank you. 
Viral Jain: 
Got it, sir. Apart from this, I have a follow-up question. So, how do you see this segment 
evolving in the next few quarters as we can see that the industry is in the consolidation phase 
and the current competitive dynamics? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
See, the competition is there as you see that this is the time where you have to, the contents have 
become platform agnostics. But still, in India, you will see that 350 million households are there 
and around 220 million households are TV households currently. Still, there is a big journey for 
TV to get penetrated into the households and being one of the robust platforms, the cable and 
FTTH and everyone, the robust platforms, they are going to again gain back and continue to 
grow. That is our take on this, that at some point of time, whatever decline which has to happen, 
you will see that the rate of decline has also gone down totally and now it will again come back 
as the market will stabilize and we are looking forward for that as we have launched the 
Headend-In-The-Sky and this will give us the all pan-India coverage and we can start the 
business at anywhere in a very short time and it will give us all the cable dark areas, difficult 
terrains, more dense terrain. So, all 350 million households are now approachable to us and we 
are looking forward to explore that opportunity and increase our supply. So, for industry, this is 
one of the significant things, the Headend-In-The-Sky, which gives us the access to all 350 
million households immediately. So, that is the way we are looking forward that this business 
will grow and the whole segment will grow. 
Viral Jain: 
Got it, sir. And my last question was with regards to the active Cable TV segment, so we have 
saw that the active Cable TV subscribers stood at 9.4 million and the paying subscribers were 
being stood at 8.7 million. So, we have seen a slight dip as compared to the previous quarter. So, 
just wanted to know that what were the key challenges that you faced in consumer retention? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
So, it is not you can say that there is no increase in churn and all, it is in the same way. New 
acquisitions which we are doing, we have slowed down a bit because we were launching the 
Headend-In-The-Sky. We wanted to become aggressive after launching of the Headend-In-The-
Sky. So, you will start seeing that from this quarter again, the reverse trend will start, that the 
increment will start and everything will happen. But we have slowed down a bit and that is why 
you will see that the CAPEX we have planned for somewhere around more than Rs. 200 crores 
in the Cable business, we did till date just the Rs. 120 crores on that. So, those are the things 
which we admit in the planned way we have not gone for the growth, we have sustained our 
growth. Now, after Headend-In-The-Sky, we will go for the growth. 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Viral Jain: 
Got it, sir. That was all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vrudhi Vora from SAS Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vrudhi Vora: 
Sir, my question is that how does GTPL Infinity fit into GTPL Hathway's overall plan for TV, 
Broadband and new services like OTT and gaming? As in, what key goals are you aiming to 
achieve in the next 1-2 years? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Overall, if I talk about the entertainment side, CATV or you can say the subscriber base on that 
side. Headend-In-The-Sky, as I said that it has given us the accessibility to 350 million 
households straightaway in the one go. We just have to execute and get into the rural side and 
everywhere and get the more subscriber base. Because of the high delivery cost in the CATV 
business, we are not able to penetrate in the rural areas or where the subscriber base is less than 
3000, you can say. There we can't go because per sub or the delivery cost is high and it is not 
making us the financial sense to go for that delivery cost and go for those types of markets. But 
now, there is no recurring cost to that due to the Headend-In-The-Sky, so we can go for all over 
India straightaway and increase our sub base. Once we go into the different markets, we can start 
broadband, we can start OTT and everything. Already with the Cable TV, we have started our 
combo products for Broadband and Cable plus OTT, which is the pickup is very good, plus 
gaming, plus TV, everywhere, everything has started. And already we are into that mode and 
going on. This Headend-In-The-Sky will give us more opportunity and in more aggressive way, 
this will give us the opportunity to have more combo product or the bundled product and go into 
the market. So, it is a very good step, I would say, from the company side and from the industry 
side also that it is going to help us in this growth. 
Vrudhi Vora: 
And I have another question that like GTPL Infinity is positioned with a planned capacity of 800 
channels, including the 100 HD. And while GTPL's broader TV catalog is cited as 975 plus 
channels and 130 plus GTPL's own and operated platform services. So, like, can you clarify how 
Infinity's 800 planned capacity maps to the 975 plus catalog and whether there is a phased 
capacity ramp to close that gap? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. So, we are going to ramp this up very soon. And we are going to have more than 1000 plus 
channels in this platform started with the 800 plus channels right now. And we are going to ramp 
it up very soon to 1000 plus channels of this. So, that is the plan. Right now, we are doing 975 
plus 130. But we have the capability to insert this locally also in the channels. But we are going 
to ramp it up very soon. 
Vrudhi Vora: 
And last question is that what is your roadmap for expanding the fiber to the home coverage? 
And how much incremental CAPEX do you foresee that in FY '26 and FY '27 to scale broadband 
infrastructure in high potential states like Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Maharashtra? 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Piyush Pankaj: 
See, if I have to go for full FTTH and B2C business, we are targeting only 6 cities outside of 
Gujarat right now, which is Pune, Nagpur, Jaipur, Hyderabad, Varanasi and Patna. So, these 6 
cities which we are doing the FTTH and we are expanding fast on this market. Other markets 
we have gone for the different model, which is the B2B model, which is the broadband through 
our partners, where we are doing the combined infrastructure, you can say. Some infrastructure 
cost has been taken by the partners and by us and we are doing it that way. So, that is why your 
CAPEX is less and you share the revenues with your partner. So, that model is what we are 
going for all over India right now, which has a faster rollout and which will help us in the rural 
side also, which we are going to penetrate through HITS and all. So, that is the way we are doing 
it. And Gujarat plus 6 cities we are going for the FTTH totally, which we are expanding with the 
time. 
Vrudhi Vora: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Preeti Agarwal from SK Associates. Please 
go ahead. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Yes. So, I wanted to know that what is your medium-term growth outlook in terms of revenue, 
CAGR, margin trajectories and subscriber additions? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Last 8 years CAGR, if you see, we are doing it at around somewhere 11%-12% CAGR in our 
subscriber base and our revenue side. And we are going to again go back on that. That is our 
plan to maintain that. And the CAGR for EBITDA and all is at around 13%-14%, which we are 
trying to get back into that after the launch of Headend-In-The-Sky. So, those are the targets 
which we are keeping it in the mind and hopefully, we are going to achieve that. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Understood. And could you elaborate on the early adoption trends of GTPL Infinity platform? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. The euphoria  is very great. We have got a lot of inquiries on that. And already, we have 
started implementing on the ground. There are 2 ways we have to do. One is to convert the 
existing CATV sub-base into Headend-In-The-Sky and second is to go for new subscriber base 
or new market. So, we have to balance that out because going into the existing CATV converting 
into HITS will save the cost, mainly the bandwidth cost. And getting into the new subscriber 
base will increase our subscription revenue. So, we have to balance that out as we have to do 
both the things together. So, we look forward to increase the  revenue & sales. Both will directly 
impact our EBITDA. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Understood. And this is how the platform is expected to reshape your growth trajectory? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
That is right. So, you increase the revenue and you reduce the cost. Significant cost of your 
bandwidth, which is your delivery cost is going to go significantly down, almost negligible. And 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
you are increasing your sub-base, so you are growing the revenues of that. So, both sides, on 
turnover side and on the cost side, both benefits will come into the bottom lines. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Understood. And additionally, what incremental CAPEX and operating cost should investors 
expect as you scale this initiative? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
No, the CAPEX will remain same because you don't have to do any more CAPEX for the 
Headend-In-The-Sky. You already established the platform and you already taken the satellite 
transponders and all which is fixed. So, you don't have to do any CAPEX. Yes, the ground 
CAPEX, which we are doing right now also for the new place, which is somewhere between 4-
6 lakhs for starting an operation at a new place, that is going to happen in the HITS also. So, that 
is for the CATV also and it is for the HITS also, it is the same cost, same CAPEX, small CAPEX. 
So, you don't have to go for any extra CAPEX for this. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Understood. All right. I will just join the queue again. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Muskan Agarwal from NN Vadia & Co. 
Please go ahead. 
Muskan Agarwal: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I have a few questions. Actually, I wanted to know, 
the broadband ISP revenue grew 4% year-on-year to Rs. 1,433 million with ARPU stable at Rs. 
465 and average monthly data consumption rising to 410 GB per customer. So, can you discuss 
the sustainability of this ARPU level in a highly competitive Broadband market? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, because, see, we are not increasing our rates, but the mix of customers is getting increased. 
Means, the customers are adopting for higher packages or higher speed packages, where the 
prices are high. And because of that, some movements are happening in the ARPU. We are not 
increasing our price. If I am giving 60 Mbps or 80 Mbps plans, there the price are safe. But 60 
Mbps or 80 Mbps, customers are moving to 100 Mbps, 150 Mbps. And because of that, the 
movements are happening on that way. Yes, we have added some subscriber base, which has 
given us some revenues and enhancement in the revenue. So, that is what happening. So, overall, 
we are very satisfied with our broadband and as you can see that the CAPEX has reduced, we 
have planned for somewhere around Rs. 150 crores of CAPEX for this financial year. And given 
that we are going to do somewhere around say, Rs. 50 crores of CAPEX this year, Rs. 50-Rs. 60 
crores, Rs. 200 crores in the Cable side and Rs. 150 crores in the Broadband side. Till date, we 
just did the Rs. 200 crores CAPEX, Rs. 50 cr ores in the Broadband and Rs. 150 crores in the 
Cable. We are looking forward that we are going to close the financial year at Rs. 270-Rs. 280 
crores of CAPEX, which is somewhere around Rs. 100-Rs. 220 crores in the Broadband side 
and the rest on the Cable side. 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Muskan Agarwal: 
Sir, actually I wanted to like adding on to this, what are the strategies you are deploying to drive 
both subscriber growth and ARPU expansion in rural markets, like new geographies or as well 
like Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Maharashtra? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, so you can see in the Cable side, already Cable means the entertainment side, we have gone 
for the Headend-In-The-Sky, where we are present in every nook and corner now. And we can 
start for you can say as low as 200 customers, 500 customers, 1000 customers also. So, we can 
go and operate in every villages now and there the whole rural India will come into the picture, 
which earlier it was not possible to go in the cable because the delivery cost was so high. But 
now, it is possible to go there and once you go there with the Headend-In-The-Sky, then you can 
go with the Broadband also on that. And you have the access to those customers, which are like 
very rural customers, interior customers and all. That is one. Second, it is more of like a density 
business. If I am present in Aurangabad, but I am not present around Aurangabad because the 
delivery cost were high. Now, I can present around Aurangabad also and I can extend the 
Broadband into those markets also. So, suddenly the opportunity for both the business, which is 
I will say the entertainment business plus the Broadband with the partner, already the whole 
market is open for us. And that is going to give us growth in both the businesses and both the 
segments. 
Muskan Agarwal: 
Sir, another question is on the EBITDA margin. It improved to 12.7% in Q3 FY '26 supported 
by lower pay channel cost and operating efficiencies. However, the employee cost and 
amortization rose due to the new wage code and HITS platform ROU impact. So, should we 
expect elevated employee expenses and depreciation and amortization impact going forward to 
support HITS technology? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
The employee cost, which we have seen for the wage is only one time. So, from next quarter, 
you will see the reduction on that. Yes, as you say, the Right-of-Use, ROU is going to be there 
throughout. But we have to understand that this quarter, the ROU, the CAPEX has come into 
the play for Headed-In-The-Sky, but no benefits has come because we have launched in the last 
of this quarter. So, this quarter has witnessed no benefits from the Headend-In-The-Sky, whether 
it is at the cost side or whether it is the revenue side, which will start coming in the subsequent 
quarters. So, the whole impact of your capitalization has come into the play in your P&L. But 
the benefits because of this platform has not come into the play, which is going to give us positive 
quarters going forward. 
Muskan Agarwal: 
Yes, sir. And any prospect of margin improvement as you expand and fully deploy GTPL 
Infinity infrastructure nationwide? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
I will say for the margin, as I said that marketing and placement income is linked with the pay 
channel cost, we will go into the operational slide, which is the slide number 25, I will say. You 
will see there that we have already had 24% operating EBITDA, which we have there. And we 
are very confident that this will improve with the coming quarters. So, it has gone down to 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
somewhere around 22%. Now, again, we are back to 24%. And this will improve from the 
coming quarters. 
Muskan Agarwal: 
Thank you, sir. Sir, one last question. Do you see HITS technology accelerating industry 
consolidation by enabling smaller MSOs and LOCs to plug into your platform rather than 
maintaining independent Headends? And what is the revenue potential from it? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
It is a speculative question. We say that our strategy is for inorganic and organic growth. We are 
looking forward for both. It is a speculative question that whether it will give us what and what, 
but we will start seeing it in the quarters. We look forward for organic and inorganic growth. 
Muskan Agarwal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Viral Jain from FNG Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Viral Jain: 
Hello, sir. So, a few days back, I was just referring to a news article which stated that industry 
body PHDCCI, which stands for PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry, have recently called 
for a higher investment in the broadband and data center as a part of Budget 2026 priority. So, 
looking at this, how do we see this policy initiative translating into a real opportunity for the 
GTPL Hathway, particularly as we can see in rural and semi-urban area market, where 
penetration remains low? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. So, if you are going for more Broadband investment and the data center investment, it is 
definitely going to help the whole industry, which is GTPL as part of that industry. It will open 
more rural markets for us as we are going ahead, the Headend-In-The-Sky and we are creating 
our infrastructure at the rural side. So, it will give us more benefit that the broadband 
infrastructure also getting available over there easily. So, that is going to give us the benefit in 
both the businesses. And I will say that as an industry, we appreciate this initiative and it is going 
to give benefit to whole industry. We have to see that how we can take advantage of these 
policies. 
Viral Jain: 
And is it fair to assume that we are going to engage with the government programs to accelerate 
the rollout? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
It depends on which market we want to go and what we do. Yes, we are engaged with the 
government, mainly with the different government. We are doing the, as you know, in the 
Bharatnet project, we were the part of that. Already 17,000 kilometers we have laid in Gujarat, 
plus we are doing a lot of government projects for different governments. And that is related to 
communication, broadband, laying of fibers and everything. So, yes, we look forward for those 
opportunities and we have the active team who is engaging with the different governments and 
different tenders and all. So, yes, we are looking forward for that. 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Viral Jain: 
Got it, sir. And my last question was with regards to the peers. So, we can see that beside us 
now, there is only one other HITS distributor. So, as we have been seeing over the period of time 
that TV still remains as a mass media of consumption, yet we are only the second player using 
this technology. So, what are the barriers that have been deterred other MSOs to venture into 
this form of distribution? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, so this form of distribution is good for a pan-India player. Because if you are a regional 
player, you are just in 3-4 states, or I will say only 10 states, then still you are going for the B2B 
and through the bandwidth and all is more beneficial for you financially. But yes, if you are a 
pan-India player, which we are now having in 26 states and 4 UTs and expanding in different 
states also. So, that way going for satellite is going to give you the benefits, a lot of benefits. So, 
that is the decision which we have taken. Yes, you are right, from last 8 years, we have been 
working as MSOs and expanding. We did our IPO, we were just in the 12 states and now we are 
in 26 states, 4 UTs. So, yes, we have expanded from there, the journey, last 8 years we did the 
MSO business. But now, we have considered that we have to go for satellite for expansion also 
and being the pan-India player, we have, it is going to be more beneficial for us to do this. So, 
that is the business case which is beneficial to us and we have gone for that. 
Viral Jain: 
Got it, sir. And my last question was, what was the trigger that convinced the management to go 
for the HITS given they are already the largest MSOs? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
I said that we have 350 million households and still only 220 million households are TV 
households. And there are big opportunities in the rural markets and untapped markets, cable  
dark areas and all, which at some point of time, seeing the whole India and digitization approach, 
we have to do the inclusions of those households into the TV households. And being the largest 
Cable TV and the largest operator, it is our duty to do that. And that is the motion which we go 
for supporting the digital infrastructure of India also and created one of the largest C-band 
teleport in Ahmedabad. And now we can go into the nook and corner of the country very easily. 
Viral Jain: 
Got it, sir. That was all from my side. Thank you for patiently answering my questions in detail. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Preeti Agarwal from SK Associates. Please 
go ahead. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Yes, thank you so much. So, I would like to know that globally, cord cutting has been a major 
challenge for cable operators. But in India, TV remains one of the most consumed media 
platforms. So, do you see early signs of cord cutting in India, particularly among urban 
households? And how are you preparing to mitigate this risk? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Cord cutting is a major problem in only US, not in the Europe also. You can see, if you study 
the Europe market, and other markets you will study, Africa market, if you study the Australia 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
January 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
or New Zealand market, cord cutting, the world or the, even just by the American media, because 
that is a different landscape. In India, cord cutting has come into the play, yes. So,  subscriber 
base going up and down is going to be there. As you know that this is going to be connected 
TVs, connected TVs means TVs are there in the household, people are watching cable and DTH 
also, plus they have some OTTs also. So, all those things are happening. India is a very price 
sensitive and customers want to consume content in all the platforms as you see. So, this is a 
totally different market, which we believe we are in the market. Our belief is a bit different than 
what cord cutting is happening. So, that is the way we see it. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Understood. And like, what are the key financial and operational metrics used to measure GTPL 
Infinity success, such as revenue growth, ARPU improvement, cost saving or partner acquisition 
or subscriber expansion? And when will these metrics start appearing in your earnings report? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, so you talk about KPIs. Yes, KPIs are necessary also. But we have to see the KPIs for 
subscriber growth that we converted. And second, we have to see for the saving in the cost. Both 
parameters are going to give us that whether the thought or the thought behind going for this 
Headend-In-The-Sky platform is getting fulfilled or not. So, yes, we will start seeing that in the 
coming quarters. We are looking forward that the full benefit of this is by end of one year, which 
I will see by December 2026, you will see the full conversion of everything as we have to do for 
the current market also, and we have to do for the new market. So, yes, by next one year, you 
will start seeing the whole benefit which has started coming and the 100% benefit on the revenue 
side also and on the cost side also we will start reflecting that in the next one year. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Understood. And can you also share, had there been no one-off costs, how much would be the 
consolidated EBITDA and PAT and also the corresponding year-on-year growth? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Sorry, this is a speculative question. I have already given you my expectation on the CAGR and 
all. So, that is there. And you will start seeing that in the quarter-on-quarter. 
Preeti Agarwal: 
Understood, sir. All right, sir. That is it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Thanks. I would like to express my thanks to every participant who took their time out to attend 
the call. I would like to thank Emkay for organizing this call. For any queries, please feel free to 
contact MUFG IR, who are our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
