Registered Office Akurdi Pune 411035 India 
 
 
 
 
CIN L65993PN2007PLC130076 
 
 
 
 
14 November 2025 
 
To 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Tower 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001 
To 
Corporate Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C-1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
BSE Code: 532977 
NSE Code: BAJAJ-AUTO 
 
 
 
          
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Company’s Q2-FY26    
                results. 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call held on 07 November 2025 
in respect of the Company’s Q2-FY26 results. 
 
The transcript will also be hosted on the Company’s website at   
https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/financial-and-operational-performance 
 
Kindly take this on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
 
Rajiv Gandhi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS 11263 
 
Encl: as above 
RAJIV 
NATVARLAL 
GANDHI
Digitally signed by 
RAJIV NATVARLAL 
GANDHI 
Date: 2025.11.14 
14:17:43 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Bajaj Auto Limited  
Q2 FY '26 Results Conference Call” 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAKESH SHARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, BAJAJ 
AUTO LIMITED 
MR. DINESH THAPAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED 
MR. ANAND NEWAR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to Q2 FY 2026 Results Conference Call of 
Bajaj Auto Limited. My name is Nirav; I will be your coordinator. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the initial remarks from the management. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Newar – Head, Investor Relations from Bajaj Auto 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anand Newar: 
Thank you, Nirav. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us for the call today. 
Welcome to Bajaj Auto's Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. On today's call, we have with us 
Mr. Rakesh Sharma - Executive Director and Mr. Dinesh Thapar - Chief Financial Officer. 
We will begin our call with the opening remarks from Rakesh on the business and operational 
performance for the quarter, followed by Dinesh who will take you through the financial 
highlights. We will then open the forum for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Thanks, Anand. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q2 Earnings Call and 
thank you very much for joining us. I am delighted to say that the Q2 performance has built on 
the strong note on which we commenced Q1 FY '26 and it has recorded several all-time highs. 
We closed the quarter, as you know, with a topline of almost Rs. 15,000 crores, growing at 14%, 
an all-time high. EBITDA crossed Rs 3,000 crores, another all-time high with the EBITDA 
percentage of 20.5%. PAT came in close to Rs. 2,500 crores, yet another all-time high. 
Moreover, all business units were firing well into October to deliver these outcomes. Predictably, 
the GST rate cut combined with the festive sentiment turbocharged the industry and all BUs 
made full use of it to deliver an outstanding retail performance during the festive as well as 
October. 
Let me now get into the business unit level performance, beginning with exports. The BU grew 
volumes by 24% in Q2 with exports of over 550,000 units. This delivered the highest ever 
quarterly revenue from exports. The top 30 overseas markets, collectively accounting for 70% 
of emerging markets, grew about 14% in this quarter, and our sales grew at 1.5 times that of the 
industry, thereby signaling increase of market share in these key markets. 
LATAM delivered its highest ever quarterly performance, powered by Colombia and Mexico. 
Sales in Bajaj Brazil clocked 8,000 units mark in Quarter 2, with expanded production capacities 
with a high level of localization including welding and painting coming into play. October retails 
in Brazil have already crossed the 3,000 units mark. The subsidiary is now delivering a healthy 
bottom line performance. Both Asia and Africa delivered double-digit growth with standout 
performances in Sri Lanka, Philippines and East Africa. Nigeria has held steady in retails, though 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
the recovery over there has still got some runway left. But it reflects some kind of equilibrium, 
which is very welcome as the festive season commences there in November-December. 
The CV segment in exports delivered a growth of 67% this quarter, result of intense development 
efforts of the past few quarters. KTM Austria continued to increase sales quarter-on-quarter by 
10% in Q2, and we exported almost 20,000 units to KTM in this quarter. This recovery also 
augurs well for future exports to KTM of products made in India and sold through the KTM 
network under the KTM brand.  
In October, the exports business breached the 200,000 mark after almost 40 months. A key point 
over here is that previously when we were clocking 200,000 units, it used to have a contribution 
of 50,000-60,000 units of sales to Nigeria. Right now, it has only 25,000 units. So, you can 
understand the kind of swing which has been made in performance in all non-Nigeria markets. 
We expect exports to continue to maintain the growth tempo in the coming months. 
Now domestic motorcycles. The domestic motorcycle industry experienced a rollercoaster 
performance. The industry was sluggish, as you know, with April-August period coming in at a 
small decline of 1%. Post the GST announcements, expectedly, the industry nosedived in end-
August and right up to Navratras when the new rates got implemented. Suppressed demand, 
festive cheers, and GST rate cuts all combined to deliver a historic festive 40 days which has 
restored growth to the industry. The motorcycles business unit delivered an all-time high retail 
performance in this period, comparing equivalent festive periods in the past, both in volume and 
revenue terms. In fact, the Pulsar portfolio was at an all-time peak performance too. 
The market share erosion which we experienced over the last few quarters had got arrested by 
the end of Quarter 2, and October saw the beginning of market share gains in the strategic 125cc 
plus segment, and it was in particular driven by the 150cc plus sport segment. In each segment, 
we found that the top-end variants performed extremely well, reflecting that the customers with 
relatively strong wallets had aggressively entered the buying cycle and were happy to upgrade. 
Hence, our N-series and NS-series of Pulsar motorcycles handsomely beat segment growth rates. 
Such a positive trading environment is very helpful for the mission of acquiring market share. 
An engaging thematic “Duniya Dekhti Hai, Tu Dikha” campaign for Pulsar brand, introduction 
of new variants in the sports range, early on-the-ground tactical support, and excellent retail 
finance operations matching the surge in festive retails combined to deliver this record 
performance. Though November and particularly December will be smaller months, we think 
that the industry should improve its growth rate by 6 to 8 percentage points in the medium term 
and offer us very good opportunities to attract customers to our Pulsar portfolio, which is being 
further strengthened by the introduction of the new variants in the next 2-3 months. We will aim 
to outpace the industry growth in the 125cc plus segment and continue the path of acquiring 
market share which commenced in the period of September-October. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Now, coming to commercial vehicles, the three-wheeler BU. Here too, the industry witnessed 
the down and up as in the motorcycle industry, but with the softer peaks and troughs. The 
industry outcome was that ICE moved from year-to-date decline to single-digit growth in 
October. E-autos continued to grow, though at a slightly lower rate, at 50%++, while E-Ricks 
declined in the quarter due to up-trading to E-Auto and new RTO restrictions being enforced in 
many key cities in the North. We expect the same pattern to continue with the GST rate cut, 
lifting the ICE Auto growth by about 5% points.  
Against this backdrop, our business continues to perform strongly, delivering an all-time record 
quarter of 145,000 units and also in revenue terms. In ICE, high levels of 75% market share were 
maintained. In the EV segment, though we lost ground due to supply chain constraints in terms 
of availability of e-components and the manufacturing capacity of the highly successful wide-
body 7012 variant, resulting in about a 15% shortfall from plan. As it is with the surge in exports, 
manufacturing is operating at peak capacity for three-wheelers and we are now therefore taking 
steps to build three-wheeler capacity in the next few months, particularly in the e-vehicle 
segment. We expect E-auto performance to get unlocked due to the removal of supply constraints 
and we intend to capture a higher share of the improving ICE auto market, maintaining the 
growth tempo and sales of certainly over 100,000 units per quarter.  
As I have said before, the mobility needs of middle India are expanding furiously and we expect 
the three-wheeler category to continue to grow and for us to outpace the industry, we already 
have the widest portfolio which will be further expanded, allowing us to segment and target 
different use cases. Our strategy is to have a fit-for-purpose portfolio which should be the widest 
in the business. The recently launched e-rickshaw will further strengthen our portfolio and 
enable us to capture a share of this large profit and revenue pool. We have sold about 500 units 
of Riki, our E-Rick, in eight cities and are in the phase of observing acceptance. Early feedback 
from customers is very positive and it allows us to formulate our go-to-market plan. We intend 
to scale E-Rick in a few months from now. 
On electric two-wheelers, which is Chetak, the industry continues to average close to 100,000 
units per month despite the constraints faced by most OEMs on account of HRE-based magnet 
availability. We in particular, I think, suffered the most given the high growth trajectory of 
Chetak after the launch of the highly successful 35 series. Supply was following demand and 
this was further interrupted by supply chain constraints resulting in an almost 50% shortfall to 
our plan. However, recovery in the supply chain is done and actually ahead of the time we had 
anticipated for it. We have shifted to the more secure LRE-based components as well as alternate 
geographic sources, restoring supplies by the end of September and fully in October, though the 
rebuilding of stocks in the channel is still work in process. Even so, I am delighted that Chetak 
immediately regained the number 1 position in terms of Vahan Registration in October. We will 
aim to maintain the leadership position here on. The launch of an absolutely new model by early 
next year combined with the growing Chetak network which now stands at 390 exclusive stores 
and 4,000 points of sale in 800 cities should further strengthen our claims to leadership.  

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
A quick comment on our overall EV portfolio comprising three-wheelers, Chetak and Yulu. 
These collectively delivered almost 20% of domestic revenue but more importantly a double-
digit EBITDA percentage in Q2. 
Coming to Pro-Biking, our premium motorcycle BU comprising KTM and Triumph brands. 
Together, the two brands are in an absolutely outstanding quarter selling over 30,000 units, 
registering a 30% growth. This is again an all-time high and was driven by the new KTM models 
and steady but growing performance of the Triumph models. With the launch of the much-
anticipated Duke 160, we now take aim at the large and lucrative 150cc super premium segment. 
The combination of KTM Adventure bikes and Triumph Scrambler is now challenging 
leadership in the growing and lucrative adventure segment. The GST rate cuts found some of 
the KTM and all of the Triumph models on the wrong side of the 350cc divide. However, we 
maintained prices absorbing the GST increase and to some extent the customers rewarded us 
with their support during the festival. As mentioned earlier, both brands benefited a lot from the 
customers' desire to upgrade to aspirational purchase triggered by the GST cuts. However, we 
are also working along with our partners, KTM and Triumph, on reshaping our portfolio to take 
advantage of the lower GST rates and these products will be launched in due course. 
Finally, a couple of other updates. BACL, our 100% subsidiary, had another excellent quarter. 
Over 2 lakh customers were added in Q2 with AUM crossing Rs. 14,000 crores and penetration 
touching 40% for the Bajaj business. Q2 PAT was above plan, coming in at over Rs. 132 crores. 
We continue to drive business performance and franchise with dealers and customers through 
the approach of building digital capabilities as well as robust operational efficiencies. Secondly, 
the spare business delivered an all-time high performance of Rs. 1,800 crores growing at 21% 
making a solid contribution to the bottom line. 
 Looking ahead, our key focus areas remain unchanged. Competitive growth in the strategically 
important 125cc plus segment, hopefully, we will be able to harness some of the upgrading 
sentiment unleashed by the GST rate cuts. Secondly, sustained export momentum with 15%-
20% growth with emphasis on superior positions in better markets. Thirdly, with the unlocking 
of the supply chain constraints, regain the momentum in both the two-wheeler and the three-
wheeler EV segments. Fourthly, aggressively grow the KTM and Triumph business to take 
advantage of the positive sentiment again unleashed by the GST rate cuts through products 
activation and network. Drive profitability and growth in the most optimal way through robust 
operations and finally, continue to establish and build capability in BACL to deliver a class-
leading performance. 
With that, let me now hand it over to Dinesh for an update on the financial performance. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Thank you, Rakesh. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on the call this 
evening. Season's greetings and with Diwali having gone by, I hope you have had a good festive 
season because for us at the business, we clearly have had a good one. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
We are pleased to report yet another record-breaking quarter, one which was marked by several 
highest-ever as you would have seen from our press release. We had the highest-ever Revenue, 
EBITDA, Domestic Revenue, Exports Revenue, Electric Revenue, Premium Motorcycles 
Portfolio Revenue, Spares Revenue and Profit after Tax apart from new landmarks across the 
businesses that you have just heard from Rakesh. So quite clearly, it was a quarter of milestones 
on multiple fronts. 
Let me now touch upon parts of the operating context on Currency and Commodities. Quarter 2 
saw a weakening of the rupee and resultant tailwind for our exports’ realization and margins. 
Dollar realization stood at 87.1 compared to 85.6 in the previous quarter and 83.8 in the same 
period last year. On the commodity front, in the previous quarter, I had mentioned that we were 
beginning to see some cost pressures across key commodities. The quarter finally ended with a 
net cost inflation impact of about 40 basis points after adjusting for the marginal price increase 
that we had taken. This was primarily driven by a step up on steel, sharp inflation on the noble 
metals’ portfolio, particularly rhodium and platinum, along with increases in copper and rubber. 
Coming to the Financial Results. Quarterly revenue from operations was at a tad under Rs. 
15,000 crores, a milestone number as you would have imagined and clearly a breakout from our 
previous highest which was slightly over Rs. 13,000 crores, registering a 14% robust growth. 
Let’s say about half of this growth came from pristine volume growth and the balance half from 
a richer mix and higher realization from FX and pricing. Sales mix, as you would have figured 
out, was aided by the strong performance of the export portfolio with a particular call out of the 
exceptional growth of nearly 70% in commercial vehicles and a step up in the exports to the 
KTM world. On domestic, it was the acceleration of premium motorcycles and steady step up 
on electric three-wheelers that provided a boost to mix. Spares, continuing a strong momentum, 
almost at Rs. 1,800 crores, surpassing the record levels of the previous quarter. 
What is particularly noteworthy from the performance of this quarter is that we have delivered 
our best ever quarterly revenue on the back of a strong performance across businesses which 
more than made up for the disruption of supplies given the rare earth magnet issue that impacted 
the momentum of our electric business which, as you would be aware, was the fastest growing 
part of our business for quite some time now. And therefore, the point I would like to emphasize 
is that this bears testimony yet again to the resilience and adaptability of our business model, 
which is capable of delivering strong financial performance despite having to weather some 
storms on some fronts. Domestic revenue was at a new record led by a very strong performance 
notably on premium bikes and commercial vehicles. You have just heard from Rakesh that we 
have had a great festive season. In fact, it is our biggest ever in each of our domestic businesses 
which carried out into October as well. Of course, this was partly buoyed by the GST rate 
rationalization. We passed on the benefit of the rate reduction on motorcycles under 350cc, on 
commercial vehicles and on spare parts, on all those parts of the portfolio where it moved from 
28% to 18% through reduced pricing to customers. And on 350cc plus, where the rate moved 
from 31% essentially, 28% GST and 3% CESS to 40%, we either held pricing or lowered our 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
pricing across models compared to pre-GST levels, therefore absorbing the impact of the rate 
change to keep this part of the business competitive and without hurting affordability for 
customers. Given the sizable GST impact on these models, it is costing us some bit as you would 
make out in the short term till, we take some actions to structurally address the disparity that has 
now been created between a 350cc and a greater than 350cc motorcycle. But it is a commitment 
that we are walking the talk on to build the business at the top end across KTM, Triumph, 
Dominar and NS400 Pulsar. 
Exports revenue reported double-digit growth, reaching a new pinnacle this quarter yet again, 
driven by strong volume growth and supported by better currency realization and a richer 
product mix. Particularly on commercial vehicles that have stepped up to their highest levels in 
recent years and on motorcycles led by Pulsar, which along with Domestic, saw overall brand 
revenue scale a new peak. Latin America continues to perform exceptionally well and has 
delivered yet another new milestone, while Africa and Asia registered healthy double-digit 
growth. Total exports for the quarter were very close to $600 million, a new record surpassing 
the previous benchmark set in 2022. So, the milestone on exports revenue is not just in rupee 
terms, but in dollar terms as well. 
Moving next to EBITDA. Quarterly EBITDA crossed the significant milestone of Rs. 3,000 
crores for the first time, registering a robust 15% year-on-year growth. Margins for the quarter 
came in at 20.5% that is another high that we have seen for years, expanding by 70 basis points 
sequentially, driven by the obvious benefits from a favorable dollar realization as the rupee had 
weakened and better operating leverage, given a larger quarter. This more than offset the net 
cost inflation that I spoke about earlier, which was about 40 basis points in net terms. The 
sequential increase that you see in other expenses can be ascribed to the extent of about 60% of 
it being linked to volume increases and the balance 40% primarily towards investments that we 
made behind brands to drive salience and competitiveness, as well as on R&D projects that we 
chose to invest in. On a year-on-year basis, margins have expanded 20 basis points with currency 
and mix; mix was margin accretive on a year-on-year basis, flattish on a Q-o-Q basis, and 
operating leverage more than making up for net cost inflation and investments into growth 
drivers. 
Turning to profit after tax. We recorded a highest ever PAT at a little under Rs. 2,500 crores, 
which was up 24% year-on-year. However, just a quick reminder about the one-time exceptional 
tax provision of Rs. 211 crores that we created last year to account for the withdrawal of 
indexation benefits and change in tax rate on asset classes as per the Finance Act. Hence, if I 
look at the PAT growth before this one-time exceptional provision, the number for the base year 
was Rs. 2,216 crores, and that translates to a healthy 12% growth this year on that adjusted 
number. 
A quick word on cash. Consistent with the track record of free cash flow generation, we 
generated around Rs. 4,500 crores of free cash in the first half of this year, which is a conversion 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
of almost 100% of the profits after tax. The balance sheet continues to remain very healthy. 
Surplus cash is in excess of Rs. 14,000 crores at the end of the quarter, which will only continue 
to build up as we get towards the end of the financial year. The cash position has been maintained 
after two major outflows in these last 6 months. The first is that we paid a dividend of nearly Rs. 
6,000 crores in July/ August, and the other is the strategic investments that we have made, which 
add up to slightly over Rs. 2,000 crores. In our Netherlands subsidiary BAIH BV, Bajaj Auto 
International Holdings BV and in BACL, the former was about Rs. 1,500 crores that we had sent 
over to partly fund the KTM acquisition in Quarter 1, and we have infused about Rs. 500 crores 
into BACL between Quarter 1 and Quarter 2 to really fund the progress and growth plans for 
that business. 
I will spend a couple of minutes on our consolidated results. On a consolidated basis, our 
reported revenue grew 19% year-on-year, while consolidated PAT at over Rs. 2,100 crores 
reflected a 53% growth year-on-year. The standalone PAT growth of 24% converts to a 53% at 
the consolidated level, broadly due to a few factors. First, our businesses in Brazil and Bajaj 
Auto Credit, which have been in the phase of scaling up reported losses in the base period 
essentially last year; and currently have registered strong results reflecting the focused and 
decisive actions that have been taken over this last year to build these businesses for sustainable 
financial performance. Secondly, we accounted for the share of profit and loss due to the results 
of PMAG and KTM, we have done the same in the base period as well. It continues to be 
accounted by us as an associate company, and therefore we do an equity pickup. Until such time, 
regulatory approvals are in place, and change of control is affected, we will continue to account 
for this as an associate company. This is likely to be the last quarter that we do it, and then we 
move to full line-level consolidation. So, these two factors essentially, because of the loss in the 
base period for BACL and Brazil, which have now turned in healthy profits, and the accounting 
for KTM is essentially leading to the difference between the 24% growth in profit after tax at a 
standalone level compared to the 53% that you see on a consolidated basis. 
Let me now spend a few minutes on BACL and KTM. BACL, as you just heard from Rakesh, 
has continued to make very good progress, and we are very pleased about how it is played out. 
Compared to the same time last year, when the business was expanding its footprint nationwide 
and making investments up front, that led it to report losses. The company has reported a profit 
after tax of more than Rs. 100 crores this quarter for the second time in a row. It was Rs. 132 
crores this time, a growth of about 29% over the last quarter. To give you a sense of the numbers, 
AUM at the end of the quarter stood at a tad under Rs. 14,000 crores. With the festive season, a 
very buoyant festive season, that the BACL business has seen as well, the AUM is trending 
upwards, well upwards of Rs. 14,000 crores, on the verge of getting to Rs. 15,000 crores. Capital 
risk adequacy ratio is a little under 20%, at 19.8% at the end of the quarter, and the business 
continues to operate at a very healthy, almost an industry-leading return on equity at about 17.4% 
for the half year. BACL continues to enjoy the highest level of creditworthiness with AAA 
ratings and stable long-term debt ratings and A1+ for its short-term debt programs. And what 
we have done is to further diversify its funding sources and support future expansion, the board 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
has now approved the issue of NCDs, in addition to the commercial papers that we had released 
or issued earlier this year. 
Now coming to KTM. Here we have accounted for our share in the loss of Pierer Mobility AG 
by virtue of our 37% holding in the company as it existed through our Netherlands subsidiary 
BAIH BV. Many of you will be familiar with the public filing of PMAG's mid-year results a 
few months ago in August, and the share of loss pickup arises from that, essentially for the Jan-
June period that KTM and PMAG reported on, during which time production at KTM was halted 
till the resolution of the restructuring process, which you are aware of. The restructuring process 
concluded only in June and production in KTM resumed only at the end of July. What is different 
this time, though, compared to the same time last year, is that we have accrued interest income 
at our Netherlands subsidiary for the loans that the company has advanced to both PBAG and 
KTM as part of funding the restructuring proceedings, and this has lowered the extent of loss 
that we have consolidated. As for the progress on the transaction, and there has been quite a bit 
of it, you would be aware, and we have put out a couple of stock exchange filings, one that was 
on 24th of October to share an update on the regulatory process. 
Summarizing it very quickly. The approval from the Foreign Investment Control Authority in 
Austria came in the end of July. On merger control, we have received approval from authorities 
in all of the 6 jurisdictions where it was relevant, and the last one being from Turkey that came 
in on 18th of September. The most recent one is the approval from the Austrian Takeover 
Commission that came in on 23rd of October, who have given their nod, saying that BAIH BV, 
our subsidiary, through whom the acquisition transaction is being executed, is not obliged to 
make any mandatory takeover bid to the free float shareholders of PMAG, subject to the 
condition that we exercise the full call option that we had signed in May’25 with Stefan Pierer 
and his company's Pierer Industries for his 50% stake. So really, no mandatory takeover bid 
which needs to be made to the free float shareholders. All we need to do is to fully exercise the 
call options for the full stake of 50% that was held by Pierer through Pierer Industries. And we 
need to do this within 20 days post the approval on the last approval, which is essentially the 
subsidy control from the European Commission. That then leads us to the last final regulatory 
approval, which is the approval from the European Commission, which is essentially the 
directorate of competition under which they assess the third country subsidies regulation. The 
paperwork for this has been filed and the outcome of this will be known by the 10th of 
November. We have been given to understand that one deems approval to be in place if there is 
no objection that is filed within 25 days of filing these documents. 25 days expire on 10th of 
November, so if there are no objections that come through, this is meant to be a deemed approval. 
And that would then conclude all the regulatory approvals that needed to be sought for the 
closure and completion of this transaction. And therefore, in anticipation of and subject to 
receiving this last approval, we have since served notices for the call options to be exercised. 
One was done in June and the other one that we have just done yesterday, and you may have 
seen the stock exchange intimation go out earlier today. And we are now seeking to exercise the 
full call options from Stefan Pierer and Pierer Industries as directed by the Takeover 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Commission. So, with that, in essence, BAIH BV, which held 49.9% stake in PBAG with the 
remaining stake being held by Stefan Pierer, post the exercise of these options, we will now hold 
100% of the total shareholding in Pierer Bajaj, the parent company that holds 75% in Pierer 
Mobility. And accordingly, Pierer Bajaj AG will become a wholly owned subsidiary of BAIH 
BV and in turn a step-down subsidiary of Bajaj Auto. 
In terms of next steps, an extraordinary general meeting has been called for and will be convened 
on 19th of November at which the name of the company will be changed, it is proposed to be 
changed from Pierer Mobility AG to Bajaj Mobility AG. It will continue to be listed on the Swiss 
and the Vienna Stock Exchanges and alongside the boards, both the supervisory board and the 
management boards of KTM and the newly renamed Bajaj Mobility AG will be recast, with the 
nominees that were appointed by Stefan Pierer and Pierer Industries stepping down and the Bajaj 
appointees taking position. This change of control event, therefore, is expected to happen over 
the next few days with some of these events playing out in the next couple of weeks and that 
will put us firmly in control of the KTM business. From here onwards, once it becomes a 
subsidiary, we will end up moving to line level consolidation for this business. So that is on it 
for the transaction for now. 
Let me now end with comments on the next quarter on commodities. On commodity, we are 
clearly seeing some cost inflation across the metals and noble metals baskets. We have not taken 
up any pricing yet to mitigate this impact, but I am hoping that the tailwind that we are seeing 
from currency should be able to make up for this. 
With that, let me hand the call over back to Anand to open up the floor for questions. 
Anand Newar: 
Thank you, Dinesh. Nirav With this, we can open the forum for Q&A, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question, may press * and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. If you can sort of share a little bit more perspective on what 
you have seen post-GST in terms of customer behavior in terms of while you called out some 
premiumization, but it was good to know what are the behavioral changes you are seeing pre- 
and post-GST? Also, can you share the festive growth number in itself? How did it fare for you 
if you had that number handy? And a clarification of the 6%-8% growth for the remainder of the 
year, is this for the entire industry or is it for motorcycles? 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Rakesh Sharma: 
The impact which we have immediately experienced because of the GST rate cuts we assess to 
be about 6%-8% swing in the industry. What we have done is we have looked at the data from 
the last 5-6 years. You see, during the festive, the industry moves up in any case, the growth rate 
itself. Even like-to-like growth rates move up about 5%-6% points. So, the industry is growing 
in April-August by 5%. In the festive, it starts to grow at 10%. If you take out the COVID period 
that is what it is. This time, the motorcycle industry has grown by about 14%. So, we think that 
almost 8%-9% swing was due to the GST rate cut, but it will probably not be sustained at that 
level. Therefore, we feel going forward, the industry should grow at 6%-8%. It declined at minus 
1%. So therefore, there is a swing of 7%-8%. But the key point is not just about the quantum of 
growth, but I think it is the quality of growth. We have seen a very sharp preference for up-
trading. Each segment, like I said, if it was a 100cc segment, people bought the most expensive 
100cc. If it was a 125cc segment, it was products like our NS-125, which are over, almost a lakh 
of rupees, and at the top end of the pile, grew faster than our own base 125cc offerings. Similarly, 
in the 150cc to 160cc segment, our top offerings with USD fork, double channel, ABS, grew 
faster than the base version. So, we feel that this will continue. For the whole pyramid to expand 
overall, we will have to see how it goes. But yes, we are very happy about the swing in the 
growth rate and the quality of the growth. That’s what I said. When the industry is declining, it 
is quite a grind to get market share. But when there is a positive environment, particularly for a 
company like us, which sort of leverages innovation and wants to attract customers to a better 
proposition, a positive trading environment is very helpful. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. That is quite helpful. My second question is on the CV exports business. Clearly, it has 
seen an impressive growth for the last couple of quarters. Just looking to hear your thoughts on, 
is it opening up of new markets, is it stabilization, or there were some license issues and fidget 
restrictions. What is it that driving the growth? And more from the perspective of sustainably, 
how do we look at this category growth over the next 12-18 months? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
The fantastic thing over here is that I can't pinpoint a single market or even 2 or 3 markets which 
suddenly swung this. Actually, we have been sensing that this will grow because there were 
multiple markets across which we had launched an intense developmental effort, particularly 
after the ban in Egypt, which used to be one of our larger markets. And those development efforts 
are now bringing fruition. So, I would say Philippines, Myanmar, Afghanistan, Ghana and even 
Mexico, to some extent Bolivia, a lot of these markets have actually combined to deliver this. 
And because it is so broad-based and it is not based on any particular event or any one-time 
order, we feel that this trend should continue. We are also hoping for a breakthrough for our 
Qute business in Egypt, which you know that we have been trying to get it while the top-level 
approvals are through. At the operating level, at the RTO level, those approvals are just coming 
in. And we hope to commence and even expand our Qute quadricycle export. So, I feel that we 
should be able to maintain this tempo. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Ok. Got it. I will join back the queue. Thank you so much. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you, sir. So just on the GST question, partly my question has been answered, but also 
wanted to understand how should we think about the pricing power going ahead in terms of 
discounting as well as what is the update on the ABS norms coming up? How much impact can 
that have on the cost as well as demand in your assessment? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
I have not, Kapil, understood your point about discounting. If you were asking about 
discounting, there are hardly any discounts. There is here and there a little bit of tactical support, 
which at a regional level you gave and some financing support. But I am not sure as to what you 
were asking for. But if you are saying that whether discounting will cease, I don't think 
discounting was rampant. In some segments it was, particularly in the ones which we don't 
participate in the 100cc and below, we don't participate in that discounting. So, I can't comment 
on that because it was not being done by us. But I don't see any major change over there. Let us 
wait for the ABS announcements. There is an important meeting on the 11th with Minister 
Gadkari, which is when they are meeting the industry for a discussion on the pros and cons of 
doing the ABS introduction on all two-wheelers. So let us see what happens in that meeting and 
subsequently. 
Kapil Singh: 
So how much is the impact of ABS? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
It can be anywhere between Rs. 2000-Rs. 3000. 
Kapil Singh: 
And is the industry prepared with capacity? Like, what is the situation on capacity for ABS? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
It will be difficult to manage the capacity because that doesn't obviously exist. This includes all 
scooters, all 100cc, all 125cc bikes, which is a huge component. Therefore, obviously the 
government has taken note of this, that there will have to be a phase-wise execution. All these 
matters are under discussion, actually. So, I would not like to speculate because this is exactly 
the kind of issues which are being discussed with the Ministry of Heavy Industries. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thanks, sir. And second, I just wanted to check on the exports. Now, we are seeing a very good 
trajectory, especially October saw a step up. Is this the kind of new run rate closer to 200,000 
that we should expect going ahead? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
I think so in the immediate term. But there will be some ups and downs, obviously, because there 
is a seasonality in exports also. Right now, the exports are sort of gearing up for, or have already 
geared up for, attacking the season in LATAM, which starts from Thanksgiving and goes on till 
Christmas and New Year. So, we are already in good position for that. I am hoping that we get 
good retails in that season, which will allow us to then replenish stock. And then Europe and all 
these areas go down a little bit in the first calendar quarter. So, I think it might be a seasonality, 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
but that is why I am focusing more, I am saying, on the growth rate, because there may be a little 
bit of seasonality. But yes, we are now knocking on the doors of 200,000 absolutely. 
Kapil Singh: 
That is great. And sir, finally, just on the EV revenue, what percentage of the revenues are EVs 
and how much is the PLI incentive we would have accrued as a percentage of revenues for the 
quarter? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Well, the EV revenues in Quarter 2 were 18% of domestic revenues.  
Dinesh Thapar: 
Yes, so EV revenues are a little over Rs. 1,700 crores, 18%, as Rakesh just called out. Kapil, the 
piece on PLI accrual is now business as usual for us. We track it like any other piece. So, we 
have continued to accrue the way we did last year, you know what the PLI percentages is. But 
what I do want to use the opportunity to call out is the fact that on the electric portfolio, which 
is a mix of both electric two-wheelers and electric three-wheelers, in this quarter, we have hit a 
double-digit margin, EBITDA margin. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sir, what has driven that? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
It is coming out of a mix of a growing proportion of the electric three-wheelers plus better unit 
economics on the Chetak models. If I just look back in time, same time last year, on the three of 
our lead models on Chetak, we would have been bleeding EBITDA. As I look at the current 
moment, we are nearly EBITDA neutral on all of them. 
Kapil Singh: 
That’s great, sir. Thank you so much. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec India. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, a couple of questions. Number one on the new products. So 
last quarter, we spoke about the non-Pulsar brand. So, are there any timelines for new product 
launches in the ICE portfolio? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Well, we have got a few introductions starting from December in the Pulsar range. And there 
will be some in March and then in May. So, we have got at least 3 good model introductions in 
December, March, and May. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Is this other than Pulsar, Rakesh? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
No, this is within Pulsar. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes, but you also spoke about a non-Pulsar brand in the last quarter. Any timelines for that? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
That part, I am holding close to my chest. But it will be sooner than later. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Ok, Fair enough. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
It is an absolutely new development. It will happen in the next fiscal, but earlier than later. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
It is good to know that you are recalibrating Triumph and KTM to get the benefit of lower GST. 
Any timeline for new products with lower engine displacement for Triumph and KTM? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
That work is going on feverish pace. And again, I don't want to just give these timelines. But I 
hope you understand the complexity of making a new engine. But I think you will all be surprised 
by how fast we can swing that through. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yes, just one final one. On the Mexico tariff, it seems that export to Mexico is about 10%-12% 
of India's overall export of two-wheelers. It seems there is an increase in tariffs that will be 
effective next year. Any thoughts on that, Rakesh? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes, Mexico is a very big market. In fact, it is the largest market in Latin America. And the 
tariffs have increased to 35%. But there are only two companies which will get a concessionary 
tariff because of the investments which have been made and approvals which are in place. And 
this is one Mexican company, and the second one is Bajaj Auto. So instead of 35%, our tariff 
will be only 5%. And because we have the ministry's approval, etc., our plan will continue with 
5%, all the others will increase to 35%. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
That is good to know. Perfect. Congratulations. Good set of numbers. All the best. That’s it from 
my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is actually on the domestic three-wheeler 
business. Now, obviously last year, we were actually on a very sharp market share gaining 
journey, and electrification was also growing. Now, I think you addressed it partly in the opening 
remarks that the market share seems to be consolidating maybe because of some supply chain 
challenges, but electrification continues to grow at a very sharp pace. So how should we think 
about the growth for the industry as a whole, ICE plus EV, and your eventual market share 
aspirations in the overall market? And the related question is that, till when do you think the PLI 
benefits could continue? Because that would be a significant or a material part of the fact that 
you are generating these high margins in the EV three wheelers. So how should we think about 
EV three wheelers’ profitability over a slightly medium term? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
I will take the industry and the segment and all that, and then Dinesh can talk about the PLI and 
all those things. So, there are three segments, ICE Auto, E-auto, and E-Rick. ICE Auto had been 
declining. So, April to August, the ICE Auto business sort of was declining by about 4%-5%. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Because of the GST rate cut, the payback period has improved in ICE Auto, and we have already 
seen some very positive uptakes about that. So, we feel that this minus 5% will become about 
0%, so it will be flattish. But this is a very welcome thing for us, because our market shares are 
touching 80%, and products like RE CNG are highly profitable for us. So, this is a good thing. 
The ICE Auto goes from minus 5% to flattish, and there we have got a great position. 
In E-auto, it was rocking at about 75% growth. It is tempered down, because the payback in RE 
CNG is 13 months and in E-auto, it is 19 months. So, that way, on a level playing field where 
there is no restriction, actually people tend to buy RE CNG. But be that as it may, so this 75% 
plus is now, we think, would be around 50% growth rate. So there, as you know, we touched the 
pole position, but we got hobbled because of this supply chain issue and went under the number 
one position in Q2. But I think in Q3, we will start to get back some of the market share and 
closer to the number one position. This is an important market, because we continue to grow by 
50% or so. And here, while everyone else has got 1 or 2 products, or mainly 1 product, 1 model, 
we have 2 very successful models, the small body and the wide body. And we are introducing 2 
more over there, so we will have 4 in there. So, because people also ask me this question, on 
what basis everyone is making electric, they look the same and blah-blah, and what basis you 
will win. Of course, there is a qualitative thing about a company which is trusted and most of 
the people wait for Bajaj to introduce the electric auto. But I keep that aside. That is a softer 
brand side thing, but though very powerful. But I say that on the hard side, it is the segmentation 
which we are doing, where we are positioning a product for different use cases. We have studied 
the different use cases. 
And finally, there is the E-Rick, which is right now at about 40,000 units, but I must say, it is 
shrinking gradually, because partly people are trading up, or finally, because of the congestion, 
a lot of restrictions have been placed on their movements, particularly over flyover, this, that 
and the other, in many cities in Uttar Pradesh and some other big time states, because these are 
very big over there. And therefore, it is sort of restricted, and already the government is saying 
that you have to register these. And only the better ones are being registered. So, there is some 
element of organizing that industry which is taking place. And we have launched the E-Rick 
over there. It is early days, but we are very keen to sort of grab a good share of this market. 
Beyond this, in another 1- or 2-years’ time, we are working on some more solutions, because we 
see there is an intense requirement for this last mile transport. So, when you put all this together, 
I think it is a very lucrative and large segment, which people don't appreciate. And we have got 
a fantastic position to begin with in this, both in terms of brand, in terms of our technology, in 
terms of understanding of the market, the dealer network, and success. So, we are very 
optimistic, both from a corporate performance, financial performance and BU performance point 
of view. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
On your question on the PLI, look, I think the PLI is still valid till March of 2018. So 
fundamentally, we have still got, let us say, about 3 years. To your question, when it gets phased 
out, what happens? The intention very clearly is to start building organic margin. That will start 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
to replace the PLI benefit over time. If I go by the experience of Chetak, it typically takes a 
couple of years for R&D effort to start finding its way into market. And I think there is already 
a work stream that is well underway on rationalizing cost structures, like I said, to build back 
organic margin for electric three-wheelers. So hopefully, by the time PLI gets phased out in 
March of 2028, the benefits of that work stream will start to play out. And then, of course, it is 
also something to watch out for us to what happens at the end of the PLI, because clearly the 
sharp pricing that is operating in the market, of some of these incentives, we will need to see 
how market pricing settles at that point of time, when the incentives are taken away. But we are 
doing our bit to ensure that we start to build margin on the back of very strong cost rationalization 
programs. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
I will clarify one point. I just want to drive this important point clearly. So, the structure of the 
industry is like 40,000 ICE Auto, 20,000 E-Auto and 40,000 E-Rick. And net-net this is the way 
it is. Now, 40,000 are not going to go anywhere, the CNG and the ICE ones. Because it is 
economically better today. The payback in a CNG Auto is far better than an E-Auto. It is very 
different in two-wheelers, because of CNG and familiarity of the product, which is where we 
got 80% market share. So, there might be slight erosion, like 40,000 may become over the years 
35,000. Now, this 20,000 is growing at a breakneck speed, and that is growing by getting first-
time users because there is sheer demand in the industry. So that certainly is growing on that 
basis, plus an upgrade from the E-Rick. Now, here, we were like a number 1, number 2 position, 
but we will be leveraging all those things which I told you about. And then, of course, there is 
the other balance 40,000, which might become 35,000 in the future, or 30,000. But there also, 
with the launch of Riki, we have got a play. So, you can see, right from Riki to the Maxima, and 
everything in between, we straddled the entire industry quite effectively. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Thanks a lot. That is good to know. And look forward to the new solutions that you were also 
referring to. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raghunandan NL from Nuvama Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Congratulations on strong numbers. Firstly, on KTM, can 
you speak on the way forward for India and Austria businesses? Can you talk of steps for 
turnaround in Austria business and also synergy opportunities with the India business? That was 
the first question. Second, on Bajaj Auto Credit, what is the investment so far after the Rs. 500 
crores investment you spoke about, and further investment expected in FY '26 and ‘27? That’s 
it from my side. Thanks. 
Dinesh Thappar: 
So, Raghu, on the KTM Austria business, you will have to take a pause for a bit because 
technically, we are still awaiting that last regulatory approval. And having waited this long, we 
would rather wait for a few more days, move to change of control and then really start to talk 
externally about it as we get fully involved. So let us give it some time. But it is fair to assume 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
that as we get involved once the change of control happens over the next couple of weeks, we 
will then put in place a full-fledged program for the operational turnaround that straddles pretty 
much the front end and the back end including rationalization. So, a lot of our internal thinking 
is done, of course, but let us wait for regulatory approvals that are a few days out and then start 
to comment on it. And we will do that. You need to be mindful of the fact that the future Bajaj 
Mobility AG is a listed entity. So, we just have to be mindful of listing obligations even in 
Vienna and Switzerland. So, we will come back to it at some point in time to talk about it.  
On BACL, our current cumulative investment is Rs. 2,900 crores. Of this Rs. 2,900 crores, we 
have infused about Rs. 500 crores in this financial year. In terms of how we see it going out, I 
think, for the most part, the business is now getting to a stage where it will start to fund itself. 
Maybe the last couple of Rs. 100 crores, between Rs. 200-Rs. 300 crores is what it will need 
from here onwards to get to a path of being able to sustain its own future growth. At the moment, 
it is currently operating at a debt-equity ratio of about 4-4.5. And then the profits that it will start 
to deliver should start to take care of the growth priorities and the churn of the AUM portfolio. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Got it, sir. Thanks for that. And what would be the total financing ratio as of now and the share 
of BACL? 
Dinesh Thappar: 
Just give me a second. So, the financing penetration is not very different. It is close to about 70% 
for motorcycles. And BACL penetration in the total financing, is about 40%. On three-wheelers, 
in any case the penetration has been very stable at between 90%-95%. It hovers in that range 
and BACL penetration is about 50%. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yash Agrawal from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Yash Agrawal: 
Congratulations, sir, for a great set of results. My first question is on the EV demand. Like post-
GST, there is a 10% cut in the ICE two-wheelers. So, would it hamper the EV penetration going 
forward? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
There was such an onrush during the season that we did see the EV demand tapering down. The 
EV demand, let us say, for two-wheelers became in single-digit growth, much below what 
happened in motorcycles. But that is because there was a big surge in favor of the conventional 
and the GST cuts, etc. We think that the demand might get tapered by a few percentage points. 
But the proposition is intact. When people are buying, they are buying more to solve the 
operating expense problem in two-wheelers. And it is 30 paise to Rs. 3. So, it is like one-tenth 
of what an ICE scooter delivers. So, we feel that this will very soon, in 1 or 2 months, get back 
to the growth rate. The growth rates were at about 20%. We feel that maybe 15%-20% range it 
will get back. Because even when EV two-wheelers were priced at 1,50,000, people were 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
shifting to them. And people were shifting to them to solve their monthly fuel expense problem. 
And they will continue to shift to EV to solve the same problem. 
Yash Agrawal: 
Thank you, sir. Very helpful. And on the CNG motorcycle demand, how is the response as of 
now? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
The response, of course, has been much lower than the initial phase. We feel that it is going to 
be a long curve to market development. There are 2-3 things which are there. One is the quantum 
of savings, which sometimes gets impaired by the under filling of gas in the CNG tank because 
of pressure reasons, even though the CNG network may be available, but sometimes because the 
gas is not fully filled, it compromises the range. And in any case, the first adopters are people 
who are heavy-duty users because they tend to save more. And for them, range is very important. 
And when that range gets compromised, they switch the CNG to petrol. And then, of course, the 
savings get impaired. But of course, the government is making a lot of efforts in ensuring the 
fuel pipelines are such that the pressure quality is maintained. And second, of course, is that the 
penetration of the CNG network has to improve, which again it is continuously doing. And those 
are the 2 issues which we have encountered, which after the initial burst of adoption has slowed 
down. But we feel that it will be a slow and steady improvement. And we are focusing on those 
geographies which have not just the number of CNG pumps, but the density. So now, we 
understand the market a little bit more. So, there may be a state which may be having more CNG 
Pumps like Bihar than West Bengal, but pump density in Bihar per 1,000 is far lower than West 
Bengal. So West Bengal becomes a better target. It is an illustration I am telling you. We have 
adapted our go-to-market for that. 
Yash Agrawal: 
Very helpful. And the last question is on the electric motorcycle. Do you have any near-term 
plans for introducing a product in motorcycle as well, the EV version? And how do you see it 
similar to the response to two-wheeler scooters and three-wheelers, do electric motorcycles have 
a penetration possibility in near-term? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
See, there are some use cases, both in the entry-level and high-end sporting things in India and 
globally. But these are very difficult to predict. But we are in this game. So, we are very clear 
that we must have options which serve these use cases. And of course, nobody can say for 
certainty that it will be a bull’s eye or whatever. But I think there is a greater loss from missing 
out an opportunity than investing in something and that opportunity doesn't realize. So therefore, 
we have a very vigorous R&D effort going on for development of electric motorcycles. 
Yash Agrawal: 
That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I will now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Newar, Head of Investor Relations, for closing 
comments. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Anand Newar: 
Thank you, Nirav, and thank you everyone for joining the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Bajaj Auto Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
