 
   Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
(Formerly known as TI Financial Holdings Limited) 
 
 
 
Dare House, 234, N.S.C Bose Road, Chennai - 600 001, India Tel: 91.44.4217 7770-5  
Fax: 91.44.42110404 Website: www.cholafhl.com CIN -L65100TN1949PLC002905 
 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol : CHOLAHLDNG 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited, 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code : 504973 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘the Listing Regulations’) 
This is further to our letter dated November 3, 2025 on the schedule of Analyst/ Investor meet. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the 
transcript of the call held with analysts and investors on Friday, November 7, 2025 is enclosed and 
made available on Company’s website at https://www.cholafhl.com/investors/investor-meet.  
We request you to take the above on record.  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for CHOLAMANDALAM FINANCIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 
 
 
 
E KRITHIKA 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Krithik
a E
Digitally signed 
by Krithika E 
Date: 
2025.11.11 
17:18:47 +05'30'

Classification: Public 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
 
“Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRIDHARAN RANGARAJAN – NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – CHOLAMANDALAM FINANCIAL 
HOLDINGS LIMITED 
 
MR. N. GANESH – MANAGER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – CHOLAMANDALAM FINANCIAL HOLDINGS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. V. SURYANARAYANAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE 
 
MR. VENUGOPALAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CHOLAMANDALAM MS GENERAL INSURANCE 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MAYANK MISTRY – JM FINANCIALS 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Q2 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Mistry. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mayank Mistry: 
Thank you, Bhoomika, and good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of JM Financial, I welcome all 
the participants on the call and thank the management of Cholamandalam Financial Holdings 
Limited for giving us the opportunity to host this call. For today's call, we have with us Mr. 
Sridharan Rangarajan, Non-Executive Director, Cholamandalam Financial Holdings; Mr. N. 
Ganesh, Manager and CFO, Cholamandalam Financial Holdings; Mr. V. Suryanarayanan, 
Managing Director, Cholamandalam MS General Insurance; and Mr. Venugopalan, CFO, 
Cholamandalam MS General Insurance. 
 
I now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks, post which we can open 
the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you sir. 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
Good evening. This is Suryanarayanan from Chola MS General Insurance. Good evening to each 
one of you for joining the earnings call. I'll now proceed with the overview of the performance 
of Chola MS for the quarter and half year ended September '25. 
 
To begin with on the top line, in line with the 1/n method of accounting and reporting of GDPI 
with respect to long-term non-motor business, Chola MS recorded a gross direct premium of 
INR1,835 crores for quarter 2 and INR3,647 crores for half year. With the base effect of 1/n 
reporting coming to an end in September '25, the growth in business will be visible from Q3 
onwards. 
 
Chola MS suffered a loss of crop insurance business consequent to the retender, which impacted 
the quarter's GDPI by about INR323 crores and INR383 crores for the half year. The premium 
received in advance on long-term non-motor products was INR100 crores for the quarter and 
INR202 crores for the half year. 
 
This, together with the reinsurance inward business, the gross written premium for the quarter 
was INR2,221 crores and INR4,217 crores for the half year. In motor, the principal line of 
business, the market share stood at about 5.3%. Within motor, the company had a composition 
of 52% in cars 37% in commercial vehicles and 12% in 2-wheelers. 
 
The company secured about 23% of its total motor premium from new vehicles. The expense of 
management for Chola MS for the half year stood at 30.5%, which measured without 1/n works 

 
 
Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
out to 29.1% and is lower than the glide path plan approved by the Board and presented to the 
regulator. 
 
The AUM for the corresponding half year of the previous year was 32.7%. So we have seen a 
2.2% reduction from the corresponding period. The claims ratio for Q2 and H1 at 81.9% and 
81.5% are higher than the levels in the corresponding periods of the previous year. The motor 
OD claims ratio has been higher and also reflects the competitive intensity in the industry. 
 
Chola MS continues to be prudent and conservative in its provisioning for motor third-party 
losses with the level of provisioning a good 10% higher than many of its peers. Recognizing the 
rising severity in quote awards in third-party claims and the continued absence of increase in 
motor third-party premium for the last 4 years, Chola MS, as mentioned in the earlier call as 
well, stepped up its motor third-party reserving in the year. 
 
This has rendered the overall company claims ratio higher than the corresponding period by 
2.31% for Q2 and over 3% for the half year. Consequently, the combined ratio for the half year 
was at 115.3% which without the 1/n effect stands reduced to about 112.1%. This 112.1% 
includes the 3% arising from the motor period third-party provisioning. 
 
The investment corpus as at the half year was over INR18,380 crores, and the company had 
mark-to-market gains in both the debt and equity portfolios amounting to about INR500 crores. 
The PBT for the half year was INR266 crores with the return on equity not annualized at 6.2%. 
Solvency at 2.112x is comfortable. We will now be happy to take any questions that you may 
have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Ravi Purohit from Securities 
Investment Management Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Ravi Purohit: 
Sir, if you could kind of give us some sense of how the market has been lately. I think because 
of the GST cut, there has been a significant uptick in the auto sector. So how does that kind of 
translate from our point of view, given that the first half has been pretty tepid for us in terms of 
growth of the overall premium. Of course, you mentioned that because we lost some agri 
business. But in the second half, how does that look at the ground level?. 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
Yes. Thanks, Ravi. So let me take it in 2 parts. The first half indeed was tepid arising from 2 
reasons. One was the crop loss that I talked about. And second was the 1/n effect of INR200 
crores not getting reported the way it used to be in previous periods. That at least will now come 
to a level comparison as we get into quarter 3 and in October. 
 
The crop, we have digested a good portion of the deficit that we had written last year. So there 
will be some more about at best another INR150 crores, which will get impact the growth in H2. 
The 1/n impact will not be there in H2 of this year. So therefore, the drop from here on is not 
going to be that steep. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
 
Second is the effect of GST, definitely, as we have seen automobile sales has been quite strong 
in the month of October. And we did put out our numbers, the industry numbers are out there. 
The private sector in the month of October had a degrowth of 1.5% overall. 
 
Chola MS had a growth of 5.4% in the month of October, which means that our YTD, year-to-
date degrowth that we had reported at the half year is now getting reduced as at YTD October. 
So it is things are looking up. And we only wait to see if the momentum in the auto sales sustains 
in the month of November, December. Of course, Q4, January to March, definitely, there will 
be a strong push. So we only wait to see if the sales sustain, I'm sure we will have a good business 
growth. 
Ravi Purohit: 
I think we started doing our calls on a quarterly basis a few years back, right? Earlier, we used 
to do maybe once in a year, and then we started doing the quarterly calls. And at that point of 
time, I think we had kind of mentioned about getting our combined ratio closer to, let's say, 
105% or so? 
 
It's been persistently higher. If you could kind of share some insights into how should we see 
our combined ratio over the next 1 or 2 years and things that are in our control, right? It has been 
a competitive market, but there are companies whose combined ratios are lower than ours. Is 
there anything that you could kind of share on the steps that we are taking to kind of bring this 
down? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
Yes. So we will not talk about the competition's combined ratio or what is shaping it. So I think 
that's outside the ambit and scope of this particular call. We would rather stick to what we are 
trying to do and what is shaping our combined ratio at this point in time. 
 
In my opening remarks, I did talk about the motor third-party reserving that we are adopting at 
this point in time. And I did mention in the call that our reserving level that what we are doing 
is at least 10% higher than many of our peers. And in our book, that translates into an effect of 
at least 3% on the CoR. If without 1/n, if I'm talking of 112, so that means that the correct CoR 
on a comparative basis, this comes down to about 109. 
 
Now going to your question on how much we can improve from this level of 109. It needs to be 
noted that we have been conservative in accounting our RI commission on long term policies 
since the introduction of 1/n. While prior to 1/n introduction, cessions and RI commissions were 
accounted on full premium basis, after 1/n, both are getting accounted on 1/n basis which means 
lesser RI commission. 
For instance, when 1/n came in, our cessions reduced, and therefore, our reinsurance commission 
also got deferred. Now actually, as we go along and when this 1/n premium starts coming into 
the P&L segment, our reinsurance commissions will also start going up, and we should see a 
bounce back into the overall profitability. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
 
But one area of concern I should admit, has been the way the motor OD loss ratios have been 
moving up both for the industry and particularly for Chola MS. We are seized of the problem 
and have taken several corrective measures. One of the measures which will certainly reduce the 
loss ratio is also arising from the GST change. 
Chola MS has got a larger proportion of motor business from commercial vehicles. I did mention 
that we have about 37%. Now the GST change that is coming in, in terms of the GST on parts 
prices, coming down from 12% to 5% will also give us some advantage as we go along as the 
severity of the claims will now go down. 
 
So that will be a small positive, which will come in, which will also help. And of course, the 
other corrective measures that we have put in place and it should bring the loss ratios to a lower 
level. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. And sir, just one observation. In our presentation, we give this breakup of investment 
book, right? And historically, we had moved a significant portion of our investment book into 
AAA rated and government security bonds, right? 
Lately, in the last 2 quarters, I've seen PSU/corporate bonds going up significantly and 
government securities coming off. So just wanted to kind of get your thought -- I'm assuming 
these are still all AAA rated. But if you could just kind of share some -- is there a change in how 
we are kind of allocating our investment book? 
Venugopalan Srinivasan 
Our investment book earlier used to be very heavily loaded towards the government securities 
as you rightly talked about. But we have strengthened our investment management team and 
other risk management aspects relating to Investments. I think you know very well that interest 
rate yield for government securities and corporate bonds are comparatively higher for corporate 
bonds. We moved into a level of more towards the corporate bond in order to increase the yield 
on the investment book. 
 
That's the thing. But what we are doing very clearly is not to reduce our rating profile on those 
corporate bonds. We are only looking at those profiles which are high in terms of the rating and 
as well provide higher yield compared to Govt securities. So, we are not diluting anything on 
the security aspects on those corporate investment book. That's the philosophy on which we 
moved. And altogether, we are slightly above 40% on government securities portfolio even now. 
The threshold is minimum 30% government securities as per investment regulation and we are 
at 40% around currently. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. And last question, sir. I think in the last few calls also I had asked you generally what is 
our long-term goal for -- from return on equity point of view. And I think FY '25, we did cross 
18% and prior year was about 15-odd percent, right? This year looks like it is below the first 

 
 
Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
half at least. But would you kind of still stick to what you had mentioned earlier that we should 
remain in the 16% to 18% ROE band in the near future? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
Yes, that is the direction with which the management team is certainly working for, and we 
certainly expect to get closer to those levels. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, this INR570-odd crores of reinsurance accepted business what you did in first half. Can you 
just give the color of that business? Is it predominantly sitting in crop given we lost it on direct. 
We started doing it on reinsurance or it's more towards commercial lines? Just wanted to 
understand the color of that business. And how profitability of that segment has played out in 
1H, given we did a little more than usually what we do in the past? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
Yes, the volume is a little higher than what we used to do in the past. And it is actually the 
volume is spread across lines of businesses. We do have in property; we do have some in crop. 
We do have some in motor, and we do also have a good portion arising from the group health 
business. So it is across multiple lines of business. And I wish to say that the economic combined 
ratio of this business is better than the combined ratio on the core business. So it only operates 
to bring down the overall combined ratio. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. Understood, sir. But sir, if the float in that business is a little lower and even if the 
combined is closer to 100 then from ROE point of view, it might be still depleting compared to 
the leverage benefit what we get from the direct business, especially from TP. If I can ask on 
ROE basis, still it is ROE equity. 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
I would broadly tend to think that it is ROE neutral. I would tend to think that the problems and 
the difficulties now is more in the motor line of business than anywhere else. Of course, you 
have attended other companies' calls as well, and you know the kind of combined ratio levels 
that are getting operated in the industry. 
 
And the problem is further accentuated because of our own stance and prudence with respect to 
the TP reserving. But then the effect is still there when it comes to the combined ratio and 
naturally the ROE. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Will it continue this reinsurance strategy going to or it's more tactical for the current year? Or if 
I can ask whether EOM played a role for you to go a little aggressive on reinsurance acceptance? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
It is like it's an overall package, Sanketh, and I know this is a question that you have been asking 
of other companies as well in different ways and people have proceeded to answer it in their 
own fashion. So it is a tactical move and also from EOM perspective also the fact that we did 
lose the crop business, so did others, which is where that has come about. 

 
 
Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
 
But the thing that we are seeing it positive is apart from the effect that it helps us on the EOM, 
we have also used this opportunity to really cut down on our commission even in our core 
business and which is what should help the company going forward. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. Understood. And the second thing I wanted to check with you, if given that we 
are very strong players in benefits, long-term health and PA, given these numbers have declined 
for the last 3, 4 consecutive quarters even if I do this math on any basis, have we seen still a 
decline or the decline is predominantly because of  1/n the thing I wanted to understand is that 
if the reporting would have been on n, the health and PA segment would have grown or declined 
for us? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
There will still be a marginal decline, but we have to continue to the growth in this segment 
which is economically a viable business. And still our benefit mix, if you were to look at on the 
overall health business, it would still be at around close to around 40% and it has come off from 
the level of 46%, 47% that used to be in earlier years. It's come to 40% now, but it is still there. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. And given now I'm assuming the EOM is under control, whether this piece will do -- 
again, asking on 1/n basis will be better going ahead or it is a conscious decision because 
commercials are not working in your favor, so that's why you chose to slow it down? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
Yes, because see, this is the last year of the glide path and one had to move down to confirm to 
the glide path commitment. So that is also a tactical call in that respect. But as I started off in 
the opening remarks on full premium basis, you would notice that our cost is now lower than 
glide path and accordingly, the EOM is at about 29 percentage something, which also now even 
lower than from a glide path perspective, there is some leeway for us to take business, good 
profitable business and which is what we will proceed to do in H2. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. Understood, sir. Sir, another question was on motor, which you touched upon that 
loss ratios are a little elevated because of the competitive intensity. Now, given GST cut has 
happened, your IDV which will come down, claims will remain where they are. 
 
So is it fair to say that Central Kariba the loss ratios will deteriorate, maybe new product mix 
might improve the loss ratio. But in general, directionally, maybe you will benefit from the float 
or investment book. But on combined or loss ratios, these numbers will look a little more poorer 
than what we are reporting for you or for the industry because of the IDV cut? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
See, the IDV change arising out of GST is more prevalent in the new business. The older 
vehicles, the changes in IDV hasn't really happened as yet. And I'm taking this position even as 
at, say, closer to mid-November. That is how it is getting played out in the industry. And I did 
mention that our total share of new business is somewhere around 24%, 25%. So the 75% of the 
business is not undergoing a change on the IDV at this point in time. So that is the situation. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, this 83% losses form OD function, which is uncomfortable moments from your perspective 
also. So if you give any concrete measures what you have taken exactly this number to improve 

 
 
Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
going ahead and what likelihood this number will improve despite to despite the competition 
signed this? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
See, our point is that in H2, if you were to look at, we would certainly want this number to at 
least come down by about 5 percentage points for H2. And that will coming in from the other 
changes that we have made. So that is the prediction that we are trying to make for H2 going by 
the effect of the changes that we have now put in place. And that is what we said. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. But in general, I'm saying that you were always like 71%, 72% loss ratio 
company, even if I negate the impact of what you call additional reserving what you have done 
for TP. Now you still look like more 78%, 79% combined loss ratio company. Maybe you got a 
benefit of expense? 
 
But is it fair to say it's a trade-off that expense comes off at the expense of loss and therefore, 
you end up at the same combined. So just wanted to understand that the way I need to understand 
because expense ratio improvement got reflected in higher loss ratio. So that's the reason I'm 
asking it and both can independently so that everyone combines and improve? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
They can move independently. And see, this is a stance that we have taken with respect to motor 
third-party provisioning. Of course, all efficiencies towards securing the actuals at much lower 
levels is on by way of a higher proportion of compromise settlements, where I should say that 
the company is doing well even at the half year stage. So again, we will take a closer look at 
how things shape up and maybe by December and again in March, so we could look at a more 
pragmatic situation there. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Lastly, on leverage, I'm just asking this may be this could be repetitive for you. Typically, we 
enjoy the high leverage of 6.1, 6.2 kind of leverage. Now it has fallen from 6, still very healthy 
compared to the industry standard, but has fallen. So again, is it safe to say that your defocus on 
long-term plan have let to lower leverage that we did not get so much of advantage in the 
combined. So net-net that leverage benefit what was there in the ROE did not play out at the 
expense of year end management -- is it fair to think so? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
In a way it is true because somewhere mentioned in the presentation deck that there is a very 
conscious move with respect to the 2-wheeler business that's a view that the Board has taken. 
And when you do write the new 2-wheelers on a 1 plus 5 basis, so there is a cash accretion that 
happens. But then the worry is in the context of absence in price increase, is it really worth taking 
on a risk for 4 and 5 years from now? And what is absolutely certain is the inflation running at 
whatever level in terms of the compensation level. 
 
So it is a necessary trade-off between whether you want to have an attrition and have investment 
book and earnings now and then liability really getting deferred into the subsequent years. So 
that's the call that the Board really took and that's what is driving. It is on Page 55. If you look 
at it, we'll say growth in OD premium and degrowth in TP premium and primarily conscious 
reduction of volumes in 2-wheelers. So if you look at it even in the motor book, while we have 

 
 
Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
a OD market share of 6.3%, we have actually brought down from 5.4% to 4.7% in motor TP. So 
that is what is impacting the leverage. 
 
And this, I would tend to think is more tactical because it's not that we have lost any channel or 
anything. So it's more a question of what we and how we choose to source. Of course, there is 
always talks of an impending PP price increase. We never know when it is going to happen. The 
sooner it happens, it's better. And then things can certainly pivot back. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. So but likelihood -- maybe that's my last question actually, the likelihood of TP 
price hike. Will you see the light in the current year or you are hopeful at least part of the next 
fiscal, we'll see a price hike? 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
I would tend to think that industry will be very happy even if it comes in from April 1. But then 
the necessity, the preliminary steps will have to be taken now to make it effective from April. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
V. Suryanarayanan: 
Yes. Thanks to everyone for joining the conference call. The management is committed to taking 
the company forward, both in terms of growth and profitability. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of JM Financial, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
