 
 
 
November 19, 2025 
 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
Exchange Plaza,  
C-1, Block G Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Code: ELGIEQUIP 
BSE Limited (BSE)
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 522074 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Q2 - 2025-26 Analyst/ Investor Con-call held on November 13, 2025 
 
In furtherance to our earlier inƟmaƟon dated November 13, 2025 regarding the presentaƟon 
of Q2 2025-26 Analyst/ Investor Con-call and pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 read with Para A of 
Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) 
RegulaƟons, 2015 (“LisƟng RegulaƟons”), please ﬁnd enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
Q2 2025-26 earnings conference meet for the analysts/ investors held on Thursday,                
November 13, 2025, at 10:00 AM (IST) through MicrosoŌ Teams MeeƟng.  
 
The aforesaid informaƟon is also being made available on the Company’s website at 
hƩps://www.elgi.com/in/analyst-conferences/.  
 
The above is for your informaƟon and record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
FOR ELGI EQUIPMENTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
ROHIT GUPTE 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MEMBERSHIP NO.: A12422 
 
Encl.: as above  
ROHIT 
JAGANNAT
H GUPTE
Digitally signed by 
ROHIT JAGANNATH 
GUPTE 
Date: 2025.11.19 
18:42:19 +05'30'

Q2 2025-26 – INVESTOR MEET CALL  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIRAM VARADARAJ – MANAGING DIRECTOR. 
MODERATOR: MR. KAMLESH KOTAK – ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES LIMITED  
 
MODERATOR:    
Good morning everyone, on behalf of Asian markets, we welcome you all to 2Q FY26 Earnings 
webinar of ELGi Equipments Limited. We have with us today Mr. Jairam Varadaraj, Managing 
Director representing the company. We'll start with Mr. Jairam giving a presentation on the 
quarterly and six-monthly performance of the company. Followed by Q&A session. I hand it 
over to Mr. Jai. Thank you, Sir. Over to you.   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Thank you, Kamlesh. Thank you, Asian Market Securities, for organizing this call, as always, 
appreciate it. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for taking time to be with us this morning. 
 
I will follow the same format that I normally do, which is start with an EBITDA reconciliation 
for the quarter compared to last year's Q2. So, moving to that slide, you will notice that 
EBITDA is relatively flat and I have given the reason sales grew by 11%, so there's been a good 
volume contribution, but in spite of it EBITDA is relatively flat. Employee cost seems to have 
gone up by 15%, but there is some explanation to that; 6% is the normal increase, increase in 
the euro exchange and the dollar exchange has contributed 4% to the employee cost increase 
and we have added 3% in headcount. This is something that I had explained even earlier. 
Strategically, we are spending close to about 1% to 1.5% of our EBITDA on special initiatives 
to build the foundational capabilities in finance and in IT and HR and this has been towards 
that. So, similarly on other expenses, the significant increase has been primarily coming from 
the initiatives, so overall initiatives have taken away 1.2% of the EBITDA. So, the EBITDA in its 
current value is 14.9% of revenue compared to 16.3% last year and if I add this 1.2%, which is 
our initiatives that we're running, our EBITDA percentage is very close to last year. So, the 
point is, there is no major concern in terms of profitability structure of the business, the focus 
really is on growing the top line. So, moving on to sales, all the regions have pretty much 
grown at various levels. Europe has been muted, we have taken some very strong action in 
Europe in terms of streamlining costs further and I'm reasonably confident that in the balance 
of the year, our P&L of Europe is going to look better. I'll come back and talk a little bit about 
both North America and Europe growth in these two regions. So, the financial highlights are; 
revenue is compared to the various quarters of prior quarters versus the previous year 
quarter and the PBT. The PBT growth, if you'll notice, has grown by 28% even though EBITDA 
has been flat and the primary reason for that is we had a one-off income in the sale of 
property in the US. 
 

So, if I eliminate that, PBT is roughly the same as the previous year. Moving on to the sales 
mix, pretty stable in terms of split between compressors and automotive and India versus the 
rest of the world, structurally there is no change in the revenue and the revenue 
contributions. So overall this is the consolidated P&L right down to PAT levels. So, if I include 
the one-off gain on sale of property, PAT is about INR 947 million for the quarter, which is 
roughly similar to what it was the previous year, previous quarter.  
 
Looking at the cash position, we have definitely improved this number. These are all numbers 
stated in rupees and when I take the net cash position, I have to net off the loans in Europe 
and the US where with the depreciated rupee, the value of those loans go up. So, the net cash 
position that we have presented is actually a little skewed. So, you need to look at the cash 
position in September in the table below. We have really improved our cash position, and we 
continue to improve it by better management of our receivables as well as inventory. So, I'm 
very optimistic that going forward we will have continued to improve our cash position. So, 
this is really the presentation on the numbers.  
 
I would like to talk a little bit about revenue. Australia grew and it's not up to our expectation, 
but definitely better than last year, last year was a weak year and therefore the growth has 
been good this year. We continue to remain optimistic about Australia. There are some good 
improvements in the economy, and we are hopeful, but in any case, it's a very small market 
in terms of our contribution; I mean contribution to our revenue. Southeast Asia continues to 
be a challenge; the contribution again is very, very small to our overall level. Coming to India, 
India has done well in pockets. We had this go to market initiative that we kicked off a year 
and a half ago. It is gaining traction, but we are yet to see the full-blown results of it. There 
are some marginal improvements in performance in different segments and we remain 
hopeful. I believe the third quarter we will see a lot more impact of that initiative than we 
have seen in the second quarter. Middle East continues to remain strong. We had some 
pricing challenges, which we have corrected, but otherwise the demand profile looks quite 
strong, and we are continuing to grow. Europe has been a disappointment and a challenge 
for us. We expect it to grow despite the Ukraine war and the energy problems there. I think 
it's time for us to reset our strategy, which is what we are doing. I will combine both that 
conversation after I discuss what we have done in the US. North America has grown very well 
for us across all verticals of the business except our distribution operation. But, there also we 
are beginning to see some green shoots. We think the third quarter will be strong. So by and 
large, the US market has been very strong for us. But both in Europe and the US, we are going 
back to the drawing board in terms of rejigging our strategy. The real problem definition 
earlier was how to gain entry and grow, which we have done successfully. Now the problem 
statement is how do we increase the rate of our growth in these two markets and therefore 
the strategy that got us to where we are today is not going to take us to where we want to 

go. So that's the conversation internally in the company and we are hoping in the next couple 
of quarters we'll be able to arrive at certain directions that will give us very clear growth path 
in both these large regions. One point that I would like to spend some time on is this whole 
tariff impact. In the second quarter, there was no impact. Like I explained in the call for the 
first quarter, we are bleeding out our inventory and that's what we did in Q2. So, the impact 
was not much. In Q3, we expect that there will be an impact, but at an overall consolidated 
P&L level. So that could be an impact at the contribution margin in the US specific to industrial 
Product vertical, but at a consolidated level at the P&L, we don't see any impact. We have 
already done enough of cost mitigation measures across both variable cost as well as our fixed 
cost and we are confident that we will not have an impact on our P&L and as we continue to 
grow our sales. So just to summarize, if you look at a steady state one year, so let's take for 
example next financial year which is 2026-27, assuming a certain growth rate, the impact of 
tariff both from the exports from India to the US as well as from Italy to the US, the combined 
impact would be $ 9 million at an EBITDA level if we didn't do anything and what we have 
done in terms of cost reduction at the material cost level, cost reduction at certain overhead 
levels, price increases that we've been able to get in the market without affecting our 
competitiveness, all of it gives us actually a surplus. So, we are quite confident that even at 
the current tariff rate, we will not have any impact on our profitability. Now the way the tariff 
conversations are going, there is a realistic possibility that 50% will drop further down and if 
that were to happen, we will be on a good wicket from a profitability perspective. So, this is 
really the summary of the performance of the company for the second quarter. Now, I will 
open the floor for questions. Thank you very much for your patience. 
 
MODERATOR:   
Thank you, Mr. Jairam. Participants, if you have any questions, please use the raise hand 
option or drop your questions in the chat or the Q&A box. We'll take it accordingly. We'll wait 
for a couple of minutes for the  queue to assemble Sir, before we take the first question. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Sure. 
 
MODERATOR:    
First question, we'll take it from the line of Harshit Patel. Harshit, you may unmute yourself 
and go ahead with your question. 
 
HARSHIT PATEL: 
I thank you very much for the opportunity, Sir, firstly you have mentioned that we have had 
a challenging first half in Europe and you have also talked about certain mitigation strategies. 
So, are we confident about a recovery in the second-half and also in the case that the end 
markets don't improve over there, how do we plan to conduct our operations given that we 
have invested quite a lot towards fixed cost in that region over the last 6-7 years? 

 
MANAGEMENT: 
OK, So fair question. So, we are planning on the basis that the second-half will be roughly 
similar to the first half even though our performance towards the end of the second quarter 
was actually better than the prior months, so but we're not taking that in, we are assuming it 
will be at the same levels. So, what we have done is really gone back and cut deeply on some 
of our costs and resized the organization to the most realistic level of revenue considering our 
experience in the last 1.5 years. So those costs are going to be taken out during the rest of 
the quarters of this year, but we will not see an immediate P&L impact because there is a 
certain, you know, cost of letting people go and you know, the resettlement Costs are going 
to be involved. So even though there will be a significant reduction in people cost, there will 
be the exit cost that will be there. So next year we will be starting the organization at a much 
lower cost structure. So that's on the cost side. We need to grow our top line to be able to 
recover the investments that we have made in Europe so far. And that is where I said the 
current strategy that has taken us to a 3% to 4% share of the European market is not going to 
take us to, let's say, to go to 6%, 7% share of the US market and we are looking at what should 
be the revised go to market strategy for ELGi in Europe, similarly in the US as well. But focusing 
on Europe, we believe that a hybrid model of going direct in partnership with distributors is 
going to get us, put us more often in front of the customers and we have found that when we 
are in front of the customers, we win, right. So that's really the goal that we're working on. 
We are not going to increase any cost because of doing that within the existing cost structure. 
We are going to try and leverage a different strategy so that we are able to improve the top 
line. 
 
HARSHIT PATEL: 
Understood. Is this model would be more similar to what we are already doing in the North 
American market where we take the control of the distributorship? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
No, no, no. That's an acquisition, Harshit. We're not looking at acquisition at all, right. What 
we are trying to do is we have now split our entire sales organization into a channel and direct 
in Europe. So, while the channel organization will continue to manage the relationship of 
existing channel partners, the direct organization will start to connect with end users directly, 
but in partnership with distributors in those regions, so that the distributors are able to deliver 
service, we do the sales. 
 
HARSHIT PATEL: 
Understood. Just a bookkeeping follow-up on that one. How much EBITDA and PAT we have 
generated from European and North American operations in the first half of this year?  
 

MANAGEMENT: 
I don't have the number in front of me, Harshit, but Europe was negative, and North America 
was almost break even, yeah. 
 
HARSHIT PATEL: 
So, so you are talking about at the EBITDA level or at the final bottom line level? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
At the EBITDA level, I'm not taking in the property sale and the other income. 
 
HARSHIT PATEL:  
Understood. Just lastly from my side, on the stabilizer front, since we have already launched 
the product commercially in the market, how has been the customer and the competition 
response to this innovation and how much incremental revenues we can garner 
in the second-half and the full year FY27, considering both the opportunities, the new product 
sales as well as the retrofit that you have mentioned before. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah. So first is, I'm glad you brought that up. We don't call it stabilizer anymore. It is called 
Demand = Match. That's the brand name that we have created. Now we've launched it. We 
launched it in October in different parts of the country in India and the response has been 
very, very good from the customers now. We have standardized this product across our 
products, so we are making it as a standard offering, so it's not an option. So, the response 
from the market has been very positive, but it's still early days. It's just been a month since 
we put it out into the market. So, we have not really gauged any reactions from competitors. 
We have not really assessed it yet. I will be able to give you a better sense of it in probably 
the third quarter call or most likely the year end call, but we will try and see what we can do 
in the third quarter call. Now as far as a retrofit is concerned, we have not, we have kept it 
ready. But we have not launched the program yet. So, all our energy is focused on launching 
this system for the new machines. So maybe in the last quarter we will launch the retrofit 
program.  
 
HARSHIT PATEL: 
Understood. Thank you very much, Sir, for taking my questions and all the very best.  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah. Thank you. 
MODERATOR:   
The next question, we'll take it from the line of Mr. Ravi Swaminathan. Ravi, you may unmute 
yourself and go ahead with your question. 

 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN:    
Hi, Sir. Very good morning.  
 
MANAGEMENT:  
Hi, Ravi. How are you? 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN:  
Yeah, doing great, Sir. Sir, my first question is with respect to the standalone business, which 
is largely a representation of India. If you see the past four quarters growth average, it's 
somewhere around 7 – 71/2% vis-a-vis the strong double digit, but that we used to see post 
just post COVID. My question is at what rate is the industry growing? Which are the sectors 
which are doing well as of now? How is the inquiry pipeline and is there a reasonable visibility 
that this high single digit growth can move into the double-digit growth  similar to what we 
had seen just after COVID. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
OK. So, what you're seeing, Ravi, is a growth consolidated across all products. So, if you look 
at the industrial products, the growth has been higher compared to our construction and 
mining and whatever, yeah? So that's point  No.1. So therefore, the 7% or 7 - 8% growth looks 
a little muted, but if I de-segregate and look at the industrials, it has not been as bad as the 7 
to 8%. But nevertheless, we believe that there is a significant opportunity to grow even higher 
than that by gaining share, which is really what our initiatives that we've been running and 
like I explained a little earlier in my call, we hope to see results of that in this quarter and the 
next, yeah. Now in terms of  inquiry, pipeline in India continues to be strong, but the time to 
convert or to conclude is little extended compared to before, right? So, while the inquiry bank 
is good, we're not seeing the conversion happening as fast as it used to be, maybe a year, 
year and a half ago. As far as industry verticals are concerned, the automotive aftermarket 
like the garages and all, there is a uptick in terms of demand for servicing cars. So definitely 
there is an increase, but rest of the industry verticals, I don't see any one industry being 
disproportionately higher than the other. I can only tell you textile continues to remain a little 
muted. They were getting into the year itself with challenges, now with the tariff, their 
challenges have been even more. So, they are very muted in terms of investment, but 
otherwise all the industries, I don't see a difference. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN:  
OK. And in India, among products like piston compressors, screw compressors, is there any 
big difference in terms of growth or all are growing? 
 

MANAGEMENT: 
No, all are growing. I think industrial as a category is growing, yeah. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN:  
Understood. And after sales service as a proportion this year has it continued to increase 
because I mean I see the gross profitability has improved for us. So, I would read like after 
sales would have contributed to that. So, is that understanding right? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Partly it is aftermarket contribution, partly is also a product mix. You know quarter to quarter, 
product mix is not exactly identical, right? So, I would not read too much into that. It is just 
one of those beneficial blips, you know. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN:  
Understood. And my last question is with respect to 1 clarification related to that US impact 
that you had mentioned at an EBITDA level, you had mentioned $9 million impact would have 
happened, but you're taking adjustive and corrective measures. Is that understanding right? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So $ 9 million is our expected impact if we hadn't done anything for the full year, I took 2026-
27 as an example, right? Not 2025-26. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN:  
Understood. Understood. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
And we are fully mitigated and prepared for that. 
 
RAVI SWAMINATHAN:  
Understood, Sir. Thanks a lot. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah, yeah. 
 
MODERATOR:      
Thank you, Ravi. The next question we'll take is from the line of Mr. Sushil. Sushil, you may 
unmute yourself and go ahead with your question.  
 
SUSHIL: 
Thank you, Sir, for the opportunity. 
MANAGEMENT: 
You're welcome, Sushil. 
 

SUSHIL:  
Sir, my first question is, I know you already alluded to it to some level, but if the US tariffs 
were to be reduced from the current level of 50%, does that mean that we might actually 
see an EBITDA margin improvement in our U.S. business? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Oh, absolutely, absolutely.  
 
SUSHIL:    
Which is currently flat is what you alluded to.  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So the in again, if you look at the US business, it has got multiple verticals. There is the 
industrial vertical, there is a portable vertical, there is distribution operations vertical and the 
Pattons medical, combined, it's flat but if you look at specific verticals inside, I don't want to 
get into the profitability of each vertical because that will be too sensitive of data. The 
industrial vertical was always profitable, right? So, the tariff impact was only a question of 
reducing its profitability. If the tariffs continue now with the mitigation done, our profitability 
will not get compromised. But if tariffs go down, then obviously the profitability would go up 
on the industrial side.  
 
SUSHIL:   
Sure. And Sir, my second question is 2 little small bookkeeping things. One, you mentioned 
that some employee cost went up because of the rupee and rupee depreciation vis-a-vis euro 
and U.S. dollar. So, we would have got similar benefit in our top line as well, right when we 
report top line in INR.  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah, absolutely. We got a top line benefit, but since Europe is a loss, the bottom-line impact 
is much more higher.   
 
SUSHIL:  
Fair, fair.   
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Of the depreciation.  
 
SUSHIL:   
Yeah. And second thing is, Sir, this healthy cash generation that we've had in the first half, 
some amount of it will also be because of the running of our inventory in the US, right? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
The inventory impact has not been very high, Sushil in so far, because one is when tariffs were 

impacted, we felt it may not be good for us to reduce inventory. It's better to hold on to  
historical inventory, which is at a lower cost, right? Otherwise, we were planning to bring the 
inventory back to redeploy it in the rest of the world and that we paused. So, to that extent 
the inventory based reduction in America has not been a major factor, though it has been 
less. But the bigger contributing factor in this particular quarter and the first half has been the 
reduction in our receivables. We managed our receivables well and we’ve brought it under 
control, and we expect that inventory management in Europe and in India will start gaining 
momentum by virtue of the project, one initiative that we are running internally. To bring 
greater control and deliberateness to inventory. So that will yield some very good results in 
the third and fourth quarter. 
 
SUSHIL:    
Many thank you Sir and wish you all the best. Thank you. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Thank you Sushil. 
 
MODERATOR:    
Thank you, Sushil. So, the next, the next question we'll take, it's from the line of Parag Thakkar. 
Parag, you may unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
PARAG THAKKAR: 
Yes, Sir. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. And I would say that in a very tough macro 
environment, you have delivered very well. Yeah.  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah. 
Thank you. 
 
PARAG THAKKAR:  
So just to add that in US when you say that industrial product was profitable, and the 
profitability will further increase if the tariffs come down. So that itself is a $9 million impact?  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
No, no, no. So, like I explained, Parag, $ 9 million is an impact of exports from India and exports 
from Italy because our portable business in the US is relying on products from Italy where the 
tariff has been 15% for Europe, right. So, that also had an impact on the US operation and the 
India tariff, which is 50% combined put together is $ 9 million. Yeah, for the whole company, 
yeah. 

 
PARAG THAKKAR: 
And for the whole US, right? Whole US business. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah, because there are only two businesses that get impacted primarily by tariffs. One is the 
industrial business and the other is the portable business. The distribution operations and the 
medical are not as impacted as the others. 
 
PARAG THAKKAR:  
OK So basically see right now, Sir, what we are reading hearing is that tariff is going to come 
down. So, when the tariff is actually brought down, say to 25% just for the assumption, then 
what kind of EBITDA increase we can see from here on at a consolidated level for ELGi 
Equipment. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah. So, I don't know how to split that $ 9 million, Parag, but I would think close to, you 
know, if I look at the split between portable and industrial, I would say about $ 6 million would 
be the impact i.e. $ 6 million would be come down to let's say $ 3 million, yeah. 
 
PARAG THAKKAR: 
OK, OK. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So $ 3 million would be the benefit. That's my guesstimate. I don't have the numbers in front 
of me, yeah. 
 
PARAG THAKKAR:  
3 million. OK, And Sir, what is your aspiration? For example, right now we are going through 
a tough environment as you very rightly said for textiles in India, US tariffs, if suppose all this 
noise settles down over the next two to three months. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah, yeah. 
 
PARAG THAKKAR:  
What kind, what is the aspiration of ELGi Equipment as a company to grow in terms of at the 
EBITDA level, I would say not in the revenue level because as you said you have done a lot of 
investments, and you are going to change your strategy also go to market strategy in Europe 
and US. What is the aspiration with which you are working? And I know you are very 

conservative, so we'll take it like that. But what is the aspiration you have in for ELGi, how 
much EBITDA growth we can expect? Very conservative. I'm not asking for guidance.  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Well, right now if I remove the special initiatives that we are running, we know we are doing 
that deliberately, we are currently at around 16%, which is what we said we will achieve as a 
guidance that we gave five years ago right. So, we are on track. So why don't you give me a 
little bit of time till the either the third quarter call or the full year call for me to give you a 
much more well thought through guidance on revenue over what period and EBITDA over 
what period.  
 
PARAG THAKKAR:  
Sure sir. We are looking forward for that sir.  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah, we'll do that.  
 
PARAG THAKKAR:  
Thanks a lot, Sir. Thanks a lot.  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Thank you.  
 
MODERATOR:   
Thank you, Parag. Sir, next question we'll take it is from the line of Bala. Bala, you may unmute 
yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Bala….!! 
 
I think there is some problem. We'll probably take him at a later stage. So, the next question 
is from the line of Salil Desai. Salil, you may unmute yourself and go ahead with your question.  
 
SALIL DESAI: 
Thanks, Kamlesh. Good morning, Dr Jairam.  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Good morning, Salil. 
 
SALIL DESAI: 
Sir, my question is on, you know these cost control initiatives, both employee costs and other 
expenses and they've grown 15 - 16% this quarter. For employee costs, you gave some 
breakup of what the impact has been from specially initiatives and Forex, but in spite of that 
you know 6% growth in employee cost after you've done say you know taken a knife to some 
of these costs. So just trying to understand you know what is say what is the net benefit of 
some of these cost control initiatives that one could expect because you know the gross 

margins have declined this quarter year on year, so the material cost is reengineering. So, if 
you can you know take us through some more details that would be really helpful. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So one is that 6% increase is without taking into account the employee cost reduction that we 
have, we have initiated and completed in Europe, Salil. So actually, that will be over and above 
what we have done. So, this will actually come down in the subsequent quarters. I don't know 
which data you're referring, where you say gross margin has come down. Our contribution 
margin continues to remain quite strong, right? So as far as the cost reduction is concerned, 
we are looking at the combination of both variable costs. I'll give you an example. We have 
done an initiative on our power and fuel. We are not a very high-power consuming company, 
but nevertheless there is a significant chunk that is there and we are already having a 
significant part of our power as renewable. We're going to over index on that and that's going 
to give us about INR 5 to 6 crores of savings every year, right. So, we are running multiple 
such projects that are optimization of our container cost, the transportation, our travel costs, 
certain travel reduction, power that I talked to you about and there is a huge saving that we 
are expecting; not expecting, already baked in and with our own motor production. So, all this 
is what we are talking about in terms of cost. 
 
SALIL DESAI:  
Understood. That's helpful. Just on the gross margins, when I was referring to this number, at 
least my calculation shows we were at about 51.9% in this quarter. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah, Which data? Which data are you looking at? I I'm not. I don't have it in front of me. 
 
SALIL DESAI:  
So, I'm looking at, yeah, total revenue less, cost of goods, so that is raw material purchases 
and changes in inventories. My number shows it's 51.9%, which is, you know, about half a 
percentage point lesser than last year and about 30 odd bps lesser than June quarter. So, I 
was just wondering if there is some product mix difference here or yeah. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So, Let me take that offline with you Salil, because like you know a lot of it is also product mix. 
I'll have to go into the detail, but we don't see any challenges on our pricing or on our material 
cost. 
 
SALIL DESAI: 
Yep, Got it, Sir. Thank you so much. 

MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah. 
 
MODERATOR:    
Thank you, Salil. Before I move on to the next person, I'll take one question from the chat. Sir, 
there is a question which says that, can our stabilizer product be used with other compressor 
of other brands or is it just our compressor? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Technically it can be implemented on any compressor, any screw compressor, but from a 
viability in terms of payback to the customer, it may not be viable. So, we are really not 
building that as a sales program, no. 
 
MODERATOR:    
So, the next question I'll take it from the line of Mr. Bala. Bala, I've unmuted given you an 
option to unmute yourself. Please try again but. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Looks like he's having challenges unmuting himself. 
 
MODERATOR:    
Yeah, I think that's a problem. I'll ask him to drop a question in the chat, Sir. The next we take 
is from the line of Manish. Manish, you may unmute yourself and go ahead with your 
question. 
 
MANISH:    
Thank you, Kamlesh. Very good morning, Sir.  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Hi, Manish. How are you? 
 
MANISH:     
Sir, a couple of questions. Very well, Sir. Thank you so much. Sir, first on the Europe cost 
reduction initiatives like probably over next six months to a year what we are planning, what 
kind of cost reductions we are aiming for and probably how do you intend to, probably 
Improve margins, would it be possible to share some broad guidelines on that, Sir? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So I don't have the specific numbers in front of me, Manish, but approximately a reduction in 
people cost is going to improve the bottom line by almost 1 Million euro. So that's what we're 

looking at. In addition to that, we are looking at how to get specific top line growth combined. 
Both combined together should take us into a profit zone that will help us start recovering 
the investments that we have made in Europe. 
 
MANISH:   
Right,. OK. OK. And, are we looking for initiatives in US. I'm a bit confused. You were referring 
to both Europe and US. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
No, sorry, Manish, I lost you. Can you please repeat that question? Yeah. 
 
MANISH:   
Hello. Yeah. So, are you looking for similar initiatives in US as well on cost? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So the initiative, yeah. This initiative in Europe is not to reduce cost as much as it's structured 
as a program managed manner that we have done it in Europe. The goal in US is to grow the 
top line to discover new go to market avenues which will give us that kind of a 
disproportionate growth that we need as part of our long term CK2 aspiration, right. So, it's 
like if you look at industrial, it is growing well in the US, but it's not growing enough. The point 
that I explained to you, the problem definition is not growth. The problem definition is the 
extent of growth and that's what we are trying to do both in Europe. 
and in the US. 
 
MANISH:    
And that should ideally be driven by what, Sir, like in terms of new products from India or? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
No, no, no, it's not new products, Manish. We need to get in front of the customer more 
often. And what we have discovered is every time we are in front of the customer, our win 
ratios are very high. Our ability to get in front of the customer is at the moment by and large 
dictated by the distributor's desire to carry our product. Now all these years, over the last 10 
years, we have worked with various distributors to try and get them to accept our product 
with various levels of success and that is giving us a certain level of growth. But we are saying 
that growth is not enough. So, what we are trying to do as an experiment that we are 
exploring, we've still not implemented, or we have not finalized is, can we go directly with our 
own people, but in partnership with our distributors for rendering service support for the 
customer? This will give us the ability to get in front of the customer more often, right? So, 
this is really one of the strategies that we are explore. 

 
MANISH:    
OK. So here probably the partnership model what we had adopted earlier, is it very similar to 
that where it will be a different like because earlier you had a. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
No, no, that was an equity investment by us. We incubated a new distributor. That's not our 
intent now. Yeah, our intent is to have our own people going and meeting customers in the 
distributor area and then partnering with the distributor. For aftermarket, because 
distributors profit primarily comes from aftermarket, right? And, we don't want to compete 
with them in the aftermarket. 
 
MANISH:    
OK, OK.. So, Sir I had one question on aftermarket as well. Like probably overseas we have 
been increasing our base and I believe what earlier you have stated is that we probably are 
at low double digit revenue contribution from aftermarket in overseas operation. You may 
correct if I'm wrong. So where do we see it going forward Sir, like when do we see that point 
where Aftermarket starts contributing much more on the profitability or able to probably 
provide that operating leverage to us. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah. So, this is an arithmetic exercise, Manish. It's a simple arithmetic exercise which we 
have done and it's somewhere in our files. But I'll give you, I'll summarize it in a simple 
manner. So, if your installed base is, let's say 100 in India, yeah. 
 
In another country the aftermarket contribution is about 30% to revenue, yeah. 
Now if the installed base is 25 in another country, then the aftermarket contribution is around 
12%, So as 25 moves to 100, 12 will start moving towards 30, right? So that's the simple 
arithmetic. Now the question is. We can put a linear equation and say this is how it will be, 
but it's really a function of and that is the reason why we are trying to increase the velocity of 
our growth. So, we get from get to 100 from 25 in these large market sooner than later. 
 
MANISH:   
Yeah, OK. And one-bit curious question from data points from the annual report like broadly 
what we see is that our exports from India is roughly 525 crores and out of that large part is 
exports to our own entities overseas and that number has been growing steadily. If I just do 
a rough math of like overseas sales minus this something about 400 odd crores we supply 
from India, that balancing number comes to around 1100 to 1200 crores, 1600 minus certainly 
400 odd crores if I do that math. So, and on that balancing number there are two questions; I 

would like to get your perspective is that are these entirely compressor products or these are 
probably solutions around compressors where you probably have outsourced product and 
probably that kind of revenue is generated No. 1 and No.2 is that that balancing figure is not 
yet yielding enough profit. So how do we see it going forward? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So it I think we should take this offline, but I will try because it's a lot of detail. I will try to 
explain. I will try to explain. I will try to explain to you in a very summarized manner.  
 
MANISH:   
No, no problem, Sir. Whatever is convenient to you. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
The balancing number has multiple pieces. One is the profit on the export that we make to 
the subsidiary, right. So, there is profit for the subsidiary, not the profit we make in the parent 
company. So that balancing, some percentage of the balancing number is profit on that, right? 
Then there are accessories that we brand in our name, but it is bought from outside, right? 
So that is the second piece, and the third piece is especially in the US and Australia. We have 
our own distribution operation which brings in another layer of profit on the sale of 
equipment plus the sale of service and spare parts. So, it is a multiplicity of stuff that add to 
that balancing. Yeah, we can take this offline, and we can explain. 
 
MANISH:      
Right. Sure, sir. Thank you so much, sir. Thanks. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah. 
MODERATOR:   
Sir, I'll take a couple of questions from the chat first. So, there is a question from Bala. The 
launch of the low-cost compressor range is a key growth vector. What is the strategy to 
prevent cannibalization of our core compressor product? Is this range aimed at winning new 
price sensitive customers or competing more aggressively with specific low-cost competitors?  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So let me answer the first question. Is this going to cannibalize our existing thing? No, it will 
not. There is a certain segment of customers in the market for whom performance in terms 
of energy efficiency, energy cost is not a major factor either because their overall power 
consumption in a year is low or because power cost is such a small part of their overall P&L, 
they don't care. They want to look at low upfront capital cost. So, these customers are not 
going to, I mean, existing customers who buy on performance, who are concerned about the 

energy cost are not going to switch because there is a reduction in upfront capital costs. So, 
we are not concerned about it. Very clearly defined type of customers in specific locations, 
specific industry segments, in terms of what, who's going to come to us, it is not about, it is 
only these customers that I described, we are going after these customers. It's not about 
replacing and today those customers are getting machines primarily from China and our goal 
is to compete and take away market from these, these manufacturers. They're really not 
manufacturers, they're traders, they're buying from China and selling.  
 
MODERATOR:    
Uh, sure, Sir. The next question from the chat again for FY26-27, what percentage of motor 
requirement will be produced in house and what impact it will have on our financials?  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
I have a reasonably clear answer for the first, but I don't have a specific answer. It is there in 
our files. I don't have it readily in front of me as far as the percentage of motors for 2026-27, 
close to 75 to 80% of the volume of motors, we will be making ourselves globally, right? So 
that's the answer to the first question. In terms of P&L impact, I'm sorry I don't have the 
answer in front of me. I'm quite happy to take it offline and give it to you.  
 
MODERATOR:   
Yes. So, the next question is what is the cumulative investment we have made in Europe till 
date? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
The total investment has been in the form of losses. We have lost close to 25 million euro, 
which is roughly about INR 250 crores.   
MODERATOR:    
So uh, the next question is what is the status of launch of a low-price compressor as an 
alternative to Chinese compressors? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So these compressors, even as we speak, are running in the field and getting field validation 
done. We are parallelly working on our go to market structure, organization and all that. We 
have an internal target to get it launched by the 1st of April but definitely by the first quarter 
of next year, we should have the products in the market. 
 
MODERATOR:    
Sir, sure, Sir. The next question I'll take it is from the line of Mr. Amit Anwani. Amit, you may 
unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
AMIT ANWANI:  

Hi, Sir. Thank you. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, my question 
pertains to US. You did explain the tariff side and the cost implications there, but you did also 
highlight that going in front of customers is something which you would like to do, and the 
strike rates are high, and I think you have been highlighting this I think from quite some time. 
So just wanted to understand what is the constraint which is stopping us to do that more 
often and US as a market, so the tariff we understood, but US as a market in terms of volumes, 
new products, distributors for you, what is the road map? Are we anytime expecting double 
digit, high single digit growth in US market? Yeah, that is my first question. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So Amit, our business is primarily a distributor led business. So, for us to get in front of the 
customer, distributor first has to accept to carry our product. We are a late entrant, 
distributors have well entrenched relationship with other brands of compressors, so it takes 
a long time for us to break into a distributor. That's one level of inertia. The 2nd is even after 
we break in, invariably distributors carry more than one brand. So, it could be us and another 
brand. Now we need to fight hard with the distributor to get a higher share of the distributor's 
wallet so that he's able to represent our brand in front of the customer. So that's another 
point of inertia. The Third Point of inertia is there is a large pool of distributors who just don't 
want to break away from the existing relationship with existing OEMs. So that's a Third Point 
of inertia. Now through all this inertia, if our goal is to be in front of the customer more often, 
then the existing channel-based approach alone is not going to give us that additional goal. 
I'm not saying we move away from channel. We need to supplement that channel with 
another go to market Avenue which puts us more often in front of the customer and that's 
what we are exploring both in the US and in Europe. Now, this is nothing new. We do this 
even in India. We have a channel go to market and we have direct go to market. But we have 
not done it in any of other markets till now so maybe the time has come for us to explore it, 
but the only difference compared to other OEMs is we are doing it as a hybrid model where 
we partner with distributors in going to that. 
 
AMIT ANWANI:  
Understood, Sir. Second question on the stabilizers, you did highlight it that it can fit other 
brands, but customers might not have the paybacks. We are assuming that we'll be doing for 
ELGi products, any ballpark number of units or the cost per unit or the overall addressable 
market over a period of time for you, if you could highlight and yeah, for stabilizers, for 
stabilizers, yeah. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
For the aftermarket? Or for the replacement market? 

AMIT ANWANI: 
Yes, replacement market, yeah. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
See, we are not we like I said, we've not developed a product for replacing competitor’s 
machines or upgrading the competitor’s machine with demand match. We're not doing that. 
Our own product, our own machines, if we want to retrofit, we think there is an opportunity 
for at least 3-4 thousand machines a year. Now, like I said, we have not prioritized that 
business now, we are now focusing mainly on launching the product built in the factory. 
Maybe in the third, fourth quarter we will start looking at the retrofit business. 
 
AMIT ANWANI: 
Understood, Sir. Ideally, ballpark, what would be the cost to retrofit? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Uh, I don't have a number because we have not run it, but I'm thinking that it will be about 
10 to 15% of the value of the machine. 
 
AMIT ANWANI:  
Understood. So finally on the Capex plan, any change amid the current tariff situation? I think 
last time we highlighted 700 crore for five to six years and 250 crores immediately in the next 
two years if I'm not wrong, so are we on track. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah. So, yeah, yeah, we're on track. We're on track. We said INR 600 crores over the next 
five years. We said INR 250 crores, but INR 250 crorea out of the INR 600 crores is firmed up. 
The balance INR 350 crores we are thinking through it. We have done the architecture, overall 
master plan, but we have not done the detailed planning. The INR 250 crores is firmed but it 
is going slower not because we have pulled back but we encountered some issues like hard 
rock in the property, which is taking us longer than planned for execution, but otherwise we 
are on track. 
 
AMIT ANWANI: 
So the timeline will increase for this 250, let's say by 6 to 12 months, is it? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah, yeah, so probably 12 months. 
 
AMIT ANWANI: 
Understood. Thank you so much, Sir. Thank you and always. 

MANAGEMENT: 
OK. Thank you. Thank you. 
 
MODERATOR:   
I think that is what we have. Uh, Kamlesh, would you want to go ahead with your questions? 
 
KAMLESH 
No, Sir, that's fine. So just wanted to touch up on any specific industries you would want to 
highlight in terms of the business outlook in India, whether it is oil free or oil lubricated or any 
specific segments which are outlier or maybe laggard. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So textiles, like I explained to you, Kamlesh, is quite in bad shape, so we're really not growing 
in that segment. But other than that, across the board, I don't see anyone behaving in a super 
high manner or a super low manner, it's roughly the same. But the general thing is there is a 
caution in terms of finalization. There is optimism both on the tariff side, everyone believes 
that this tariff is not going to be at this level, but everyone also realizes tariff is not going to 
be 0, right? So, everyone's calibrating to various percentages and they've come to terms with 
it. So, the tariff based, depression in the market, I think we've gone past it, right? But there is 
still a caution and say wait and see what other surprises are from where, let us see if we can 
milk the existing capacity a little bit more rather than go and invest in, right? So that's the 
prevailing seems to be the prevailing sentiment in the market. 
 
MODERATOR: 
Sir, I know we don't directly supply to the government, but any colour in terms of the private 
side of demand and government-oriented projects or investment demand, do you see there 
any material difference between the two in terms of execution? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So we'd like you said, like you said, we don't do direct business with the government, but you 
know there are large infrastructure projects which are initiated by the government which 
trickles through private sector like. 
 
MODERATOR:    
Yes. Right. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
So we went through two years of our portable compressor growth in India by virtue of all the 
construction activity that went on in the country, whether it was road construction, dam 

construction, there was a lot of tunnelling, all that. That is kind of come down, yeah. So, we 
are seeing the impact of that, right. But otherwise, I don't see any big difference. 
 
MODERATOR: 
OK. OK, great. OK, Sir. So, thank you very much for all the insights, Sir. With that, we conclude 
the call. Any closing comments you want to make? 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Yeah, Thank you. No, I'm fine. Thank you very much as always, Kamlesh, for being gracious 
and hosting us and it's always a pleasure to participate with everyone during these quarterly 
opportunities. Thank you very much. 
 
MODERATOR: 
Thank you, everyone. You may know log off now and have a good day. Thank you. 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Thank you. Yeah, thanks. 
 
****************************************************************************************** 
 
 
  
