Information Classification: UTI AMC - Public 
Ref. No.: UTI/AMC/CS/SE/2025-26/0599 
   Date: 24th October, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza Plot No. C/1 
G Block Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra East Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol: UTIAMC 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code / Symbol: 543238 / UTIAMC 
Sub:  Transcript of the earnings conference call on financial performance of the Company 
for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2025 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A Para A of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the SEBI 
Listing Regulations) and as per the relevant SEBI Circulars we are forwarding the transcript of 
the earnings conference call held on Saturday, the 18th October, 2025 at 1800 hrs IST on the 
financial performance of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 30th  September, 2025. 
The transcript of the aforesaid earnings conference call is also available on the Company’s website 
at  www.utimf.com in compliance with Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
Thanking you, 
For UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Arvind Patkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: ACS 21577 
Encl: As above 
Arvind 
Bhagwan 
Das Patkar
Digitally signed by 
Arvind Bhagwan Das 
Patkar 
Date: 2025.10.24 
10:13:24 +05'30'

 
 
 
UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
October 18, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
From the management, we have with us Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman - Managing Director and CEO; 
Mr. Vetri Subramaniam - Managing Director and CEO Designate; Mr. Vinay Lakhotia - Chief 
Financial Officer and Head Corporate Strategy; Mr. Surojit Saha - Group Financial Advisor and 
Mr. Sandeep Samsi - Head Investor Relations, Marketing and Corporate Communications. We 
also have with us the Investor Relations team from Adfactors PR. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
presentation may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Please 
note, the disclaimer mentioning these risks and uncertainties are on the disclaimer slide of the 
Investor Relations presentation that has been shared earlier. 
I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman for opening remarks. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. We are delighted to have you with us for the review of 
our financial and operational performance for the second quarter and half year ended 30th 
September 2025. Our financial statements, press releases and investor presentations have 
been uploaded on the website of stock exchanges and we trust you have had the opportunity 
to review them. 
I have with me my distinguished colleagues, Mr. Vetri Subramaniam - MD and CEO Designate 
of UTI AMC; Mr. Vinay Lakhotia - CFO and Head of Strategy; Mr. Surojit Saha - Chief Financial 
Advisor of the company and Mr. Sandeep Samsi - Head of Investor Relations, Marketing and 
Corporate Communications. Before I request Vetri to share with all of us about the 
macroeconomic view and industry update, I would like to share with you a few important 
developments in UTI AMC. 

 
 
Page 2 of 17 
As many of you are aware, I have had the privilege of leading UTI AMC since 2018, guiding the 
company through its evolution into a listed entity and driving significant growth. Under our 
collective efforts, UTI AMC's market capitalization has grown three-fold since our 2020 listing. 
Surpassing Rs. 18,000 crore, with Asset Under Management soaring from Rs. 3.99 lakh crore in 
2019 to Rs. 22.42 lakh crore in September of 2025. 
As a continuation of our succession plan and with full confidence in our next generation of 
leadership, the Board has unanimously decided to appoint Mr. Vetri Subramaniam as an 
incoming MD and CEO of UTI AMC with effects from 1st February 2026. 1st February marks UTI 
AMC's Foundation Day and I believe it is a fitting moment for me to pass the baton to Vetri. 
Vetri has been an integral part of our success story since joining UTI AMC in 2017 and his 
leadership, vision and deep industry expertise makes him the ideal choice to guide UTI in its 
next chapter. To ensure a seamless transition, I will serve as Strategic Advisor to the MD CEO 
from 1st February 2026 to 12th June 2026, supporting Vetri and his team. I am confident that 
under Vetri's leadership, UTI AMC will continue to deliver exceptional value to our customers, 
shareholders and stakeholders while advancing our mission to help millions of Indians achieve 
their financial aspirations and also globally. 
Now, I request Vetri to share with you the financial and other updates and the macroeconomic 
data of the industry as well as of UTI AMC. Vetri, over to you. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Thank you, Imtaiyaz. As Imtaiyaz suggested, I will go into the macroeconomic background of 
what has been happening. The last few months have brought volatility to the Indian markets, 
among rising geopolitical tension and also trade challenges. India's growth story remains 
resilient. This is underpinned by robust domestic demand, healthy private investment and a 
vibrant services sector. Global conflicts and trade headwinds like the US tariffs may 
momentarily slow manufacturing and exports, but India's structural strength is well intact. 
With steady infrastructure spending and firm consumer momentum, including the benefit of 
the recent GST rationalization, the economy is poised to maintain its lead among emerging 
markets in terms of growth.  
Indian equities and mutual funds. I will turn the spotlight to that. 
In H1 of FY26, we witnessed strong investor participation, particularly from retail investors. The 
industry folio count grew to Rs. 25.19 crores as of September 2025. The retail mutual fund 
folios stood at Rs. 19.77 crores for September 2025, with retail AUM at Rs. 44.61 lakh crores 
for these categories. This is equity, hybrid and solution-oriented schemes. Total industry AUM 
grew to Rs. 75.61 lakh crore as of September 2025, up from Rs. 75.19 lakh crore, reflecting a 
0.56% increase month-on-month. Q2 also reflected some degree of investor caution. Equity 
MF inflows fell 9% to Rs. 30,422 crores in September from Rs. 33,430 crore in the previous 
month. 
In September, the SIPs stoppage ratio rose to 76.27% up from 74.51% in August. Overall 
sentiment of retail investors remains strong. SIPs have reached a new milestone with record 

 
 
Page 3 of 17 
monthly contribution of Rs. 29,361 crores and Rs. 9.25 crores active accounts as against Rs. 
8.98 crores posted in August. The SIP AUM is at Rs. 15.52 lakh crores for September 2025. This 
amounts to 20.53% of total mutual fund industry assets. 
Moving on to the performance of UTI, in line with the industry, UTI Group's total AUM stood 
at Rs. 22.42 lakh crore as of 30th September. This is a growth of 11% from Rs. 20.16 lakh crores 
a year ago. Our mutual fund AUM reached Rs. 3.78 lakh crores compared to Rs. 3.43 lakh crores 
last year. At the end of Q2, as of 30th September, our folio stand at 1.36 crores. Considering 
the market volatility, our go-to-market strategy remains focused on the hybrid category of 
funds. 
I am happy to share with you some of UTI AMC's achievements for the first half of FY26. Our 
strategic vision continues to guide us as we expand across the vibrant B30 cities and the 
established top 30 markets. Beyond 30 cities remains a cornerstone of our success, 
contributing approximately 80% of our AUM and these markets are growing strongly. 
Technology is central to this journey. Our investor and distributor-facing apps have seen strong 
adoption, providing convenience and enhanced functionality to investors and distributors. The 
association with Salesforce and ONDC in their respective capacities has enhanced our potential 
significantly, whether it is our ability to keep engaged with our investors or with our partners 
and also to facilitate ease of transaction for all investors. Financial literacy remains a key 
priority and through our initiatives such as UTI Swatantra and FLY, we continue to empower 
individuals with the knowledge to make informed investment decisions. 
As regards new fund launches, we launched the UTI Multi Cap Fund in May. This has been 
designed as an all-round investment solution and showcases the depth of our research 
capability. It completes our product suite and is the distinctive proposition within our 
diversified equity offering. As of 30th September, the fund had assets of Rs. 1,576 crores, 
around 67% more than what we collected during the NFO.  
Our distribution network continues to gain strength. Through targeted training and workshops, 
we have enhanced the collaboration between distributors, fund managers, and product teams. 
On the global front, the expansion of our New York office and progress on regulatory approvals 
in the DIFC have reinforced our cross-border advisory presence. Through these strategic 
endeavors, expanding reach, driving digital adoption, launching innovative products, 
empowering investors, and fortifying distribution, UTI Asset Management Company is firmly 
positioned to sustain growth and deliver long-term value to stakeholders in FY26 and the years 
beyond. Thank you for your continued trust and support. 
I will now hand over to our Head of Investor Relations, Marketing, and Corporate 
Communications, Sandeep Samsi, who will brief you on more details regarding our 
performance. Over to you, Sandeep. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Thank you, sir. I will take you through UTI Mutual Fund's performance during the second 
quarter and half-year ended 30th September 2025.  

 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Talking about UTI Mutual Fund's performance, UTI was able to capture a market share of 6.2% 
of the gross sales of the industry during this quarter and market share of 6.4% of the gross sales 
for the first half of the financial year 2026. 
Our active equity plus hybrid quarterly average AUM for the quarter ended September 2025 
stood at Rs. 1,33,202 crores. Quarterly average AUM for index and ETF stood at Rs. 1,62,443 
crores, up by 4.75% in the second quarter commensurate with growth in the overall passive 
investment. ETF and index fund net inflow stood at Rs. 4,848 crores. UTI added 2.4 lakh folios 
taking up the number of live folios to 1.36 crore as on 30th September 2025. Our SIP AUM 
witnessed a growth of 5.98% over the corresponding quarter of last year, reaching to Rs. 42,267 
crores as of September 2025. 
The SIP inflows for the second quarter stood at Rs. 2,338 crores. The SIP gross inflows for UTI 
Mutual Fund witnessed a year-on-year growth of 12.04% with the average SIP ticket size being 
Rs. 3,273 for September 2025. For the first half of the year FY26, SIP inflows were Rs. 4,599 
crores, higher by 17.70% as compared to Rs. 3,907 crores in the first half of FY25. 
An important update, pursuant to the meeting held on 23rd September 2025, the Board of 
Directors of UTI AMC approved the implementation of the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) 
for select categories of employees effective from 1st October 2025. As per the scheme, eligible 
employees can submit their VRS applications till 31st October 2025. The financial impact of the 
scheme will be determined basis the actual number of applications received and will be 
communicated to the stock exchanges in due course in line with the regulatory requirements. 
As part of the VRS package, family pension benefits have also been revised. The one-time 
financial aspect of this revision as well as the actuarial valuation is Rs. 25 crores which has been 
fully accounted in the financial results for this quarter. This initiative is designed to offer a 
structured and dignified exit framework for eligible employees while strategically realigning 
the workforce to support the organization's future business priorities. 
Coming to UTI AMC financials on a consolidated basis. During the second quarter, the core 
income of the company stood at Rs. 390 crores up by 5% year-on-year and 3% quarter-on-
quarter. The consolidated core PAT for the second quarter is Rs. 107 crores which includes the 
impact of revision in the family pension. Adjusted for the same, the normalized consolidated 
core PAT for the quarter is Rs. 127 crores down by 5% year-on-year and up by 4% quarter-on-
quarter. For the half year, the consolidated core PAT was Rs. 228 crores down by 8% Y-o-Y and 
normalized consolidated core PAT, excluding the impact of family pension is Rs. 248 crores up 
by 1% Y-o-Y. 
On a standalone basis, during the second quarter, core income of the company on a standalone 
basis stood at Rs. 319 crores up by 5% Y-o-Y and 3% quarter-on-quarter. The standalone core 
PAT for the second quarter is Rs. 104 crores which includes the impact of family pension 
revision. Adjusted for this, the normalized standalone core PAT for the quarter is Rs. 124 crores 
up by 7% Y-o-Y and 5% quarter-on-quarter. For the half year, the standalone core PAT was Rs. 

 
 
Page 5 of 17 
221 crores up by 3% Y-o-Y and the normalized core PAT excluding the impact of family pension 
for the half year is Rs. 241 crores up by 13% Y-o-Y. 
On the investment highlight, in fixed income, we have witnessed consistent growth in liquid as 
well as non-liquid categories. On the equity side, our value-oriented schemes continue to do 
well over the 3-year and 5-year period. Some of our growth-oriented schemes have witnessed 
a pick-up in performance over the last one year. By substantially increasing the fund manager's 
engagement with distributors in both the top 30 and beyond 30 cities, we have strengthened 
our partnerships and enhanced strategic clarity around our fund offerings. 
On Investor education, reimposing our commitment to investor education, we conducted 700-
plus programs, including 250 sessions, especially designed for women investors. In the first half 
of the Financial Year 2026, more than 6,700 students participated in our Financial Literacy for 
Youth (FLY) program under which we conducted financial awareness sessions in colleges. Close 
to 70% of these students registered for SEBI Investor Certification course and out of these, 81% 
have already cleared the exam.  
On our IT and digital assets, we continue to invest strategically in technology infrastructure and 
adopting artificial intelligence, machine learning, and generative AI. We have amplified our 
security operations with a focus on cybersecurity.  
Last year, we partnered with Salesforce for a marketing automation tool to send customized 
communication to our investors. A case study on this has been published now by Salesforce. 
We are also associated with ONDC, the Open Network for Digital Commerce, and are available 
on their network for onboarding and financial transactions. 41% of our total gross sales for 
equity and hybrid funds are being mobilized through the digital platform in the quarter two of 
FY26. We have gone live with UTI auto-pay implementation for SIP via the UTI auto-pay and at 
valid UPI handle as per the mandate given by AMFI. 
On UTI Pension Fund Limited, our 100% owned subsidiary UTI Pension Fund Limited has 
recorded a growth of 15.82% year-on-year in its AUM, reaching Rs. 3.89 lakh crores as on Q2 
of FY26 and currently it manages 24.62% of the NPS Industry’s AUM.  
The PAT for the half-year is Rs. 28 crores, a decline of 3.4% Y-o-Y. The point-of-presence 
business that commenced recently has been performing well. We currently operate through 
31 branches across India and plan to take the total number of branches to 40 in FY26. In the 
first half of FY26, we added 119 clients. We are delighted to share that UTI PFL won the CNBC-
TV18 India Risk Management Award for the year 2024-25. We have filed 4 new schemes under 
the Multi-Scheme Framework (MSF) based on the circular issued by PFRDA on 16th September 
2025. 
On UTI International, UTI International has rebranded the logo as UTI Investments, reflecting a 
more contemporary identity to resonate strongly with international investors. The AUM at UTI 
International is USD 2.66 billion or Rs. 23,647 crores as on 30th September 2025. One of our 
popular funds, UTI India Dynamic Equity Fund, domiciled in Ireland, has an AUM of USD 874 

 
 
Page 6 of 17 
million. We successfully secured allocation into UTI IDEF from Europe despite a challenging 
market environment and have continued to sustain our assets. We have also strengthened 
coverage and business development through senior leadership hires across regions, bringing 
deep institutional expertise. 
On UTI Alternatives Private Limited, UTI Alternatives Private Limited has a total AUM of Rs. 
2,669 crores as on 30th September 2025. This excludes the co-investment portfolio 
management services of Rs. 162 crores. We have now successfully exited SDOF I in FY25. SDOF 
II and SDOF III have active commitments of Rs. 755 crores and the fund is currently in investing 
stage. We have launched the fourth fund of our SDOF series in quarter 2 and this fund has been 
planned as a Rs. 1,500 crore fund.  
UTI Multi Opportunities Fund I has an AUM of Rs. 1,598 crores. Currently, the fund is in 
investing stage.  
UTI Real Estate Opportunities Fund I is currently in fundraising and is investing with 
commitments of Rs. 164 crores. We have initiated the process for upgrading the Gift City SME 
licence from non-retail to retail to allow launch of mutual fund schemes. 
I would now request the Managing Director and CEO for his concluding remarks. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Thank you, Sandeep, for sharing operational and financial updates of the company. Before we 
begin the question and answer, on behalf of the entire UTI family, I would like to wish you and 
your family Happy Dhanteras and Prosperous Diwali. We may now open the forum for Q&A. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is towards the flows. If I look at hybrid category, 
which is our main target category, last year we had around 19 billion of net inflows and even 
H2 was better. But in H1, that actually declined to around 4 billion. How can we capture more 
flows in this category? What are our major strategies towards that? 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Hi Mohit, Vetri here. So that remains actually our focus in terms of the hybrid strategies and 
that is just a function of where we think the market is both in terms of valuations of both equity 
and fixed income, which is why we think this is a sort of more appropriate part. There has been 
perhaps some churning of portfolios, but we are just doubling down on the push in terms of 
hybrid products. Our products, particularly the multi-asset fund and the aggressive hybrid fund 
are already approved on several platforms. So we are pushing both for sales through lump sum 
mode as well as through the SIP mode. The balance advantage fund is a much younger fund for 
us, just about 2 years of track record, but it has done well over that period. So even there, we 
are sort of increasingly pushing the market in terms of starting to get that incorporated. As you 
know, many sort of rating systems in the market typically look at least 3-year data before they 
start to recommend a product. So once we cross that hurdle sometime middle of this year, 

 
 
Page 7 of 17 
hopefully that product as well will make it onto some of the sales platforms. So there may be 
some movement that you have seen over the last quarter, but I think we are happy with the 
trend that we see in terms of gross sales. 
Mohit Mangal: 
And H2 should be better than H1, I would assume? 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Yes, that is where our focus remains and we have been doing a lot of distributor engagement 
over the last few months. There is a series of programs we are doing across the country, zone 
by zone. So I think you will see some benefits. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. My second question is towards the UTI international business. So I think there has 
been around 8% decline, if I compare H1 FY26 versus FY25. So any activity over there? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So the AUM decline that has happened over there is primarily because of two funds. One is UTI 
Phoenix Fund, which is similar to a FMP kind of a category, which has matured and some 
redemption and mark-to-market impact on our UTI India Dynamic Equity Fund and UTI 
Innovation Fund, where we lost close to around Rs. 2,000 crores, primarily because of mark-
to-market impact only. So hopefully with the growth category style actually delivering better 
values over the last 2 or 3 quarters, we should see some meaningful inflows in UTI Dynamic 
Equity Fund going forward. 
 Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
I wish to add some color to what Vinay said. Just keep in mind that you have to also see the 
change in AUM of that strategy in the background of the fact that in general, FPI appetite 
towards India is currently fairly cooled in that sense, right? There has been a net outflow. So 
India as a category is actually not attracting too much flows at this point of time. But within 
that, I think the team has been reasonably successful in terms of getting some inward client 
rotation. And that is coming from what Vinay said, which is that when we look particularly at 
the last year, year and a half, the quality growth which underpins the IDEF strategy that we run 
has done quite well in terms of its alpha generation. So that has enabled the sales team to get 
more clients in. But we need a point in time where overall appetite for India starts to increase 
for that number to grow. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. That is helpful. My last question is towards, in your opening remarks, you said that 
the impact of VRS is expected to be around Rs. 25 crores. So just wanted to know the math 
behind that as to how did you come with that number, if you could just explain? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
No. What we stated is that as part of a VRS package, the family pension amount was being 
revised. That because of the revision in the family pension amount, the actuarial impact of that 
has been accounted for in quarter two. The actual impact of VRS will depend on how many 
number of people actually opt for. And that we will be communicating sometime maybe in the 
later part of the month of November. So information will be sent out to the stock exchange of 
what the actual impact will be there in Q3 financials. 

 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Mohit, it is a onetime expenditure. And as per the accounting policy, based on the actuarial 
valuations, we need to account for in the quarter of the incident. And therefore, since the 
scheme was launched on 23rd of September, therefore, as per the accounting standard 
requirement, we had to account for in this quarter. It is a onetime expenditure. And let me 
explain you why this particular thing is a part of the package. We have a pension scheme and 
the family pension scheme was not revised since 1994 and the only thing people were getting 
the Rs. 5,300 family pension across the group of the employees, whether it is the class 3, class 
4 or even the senior management people. Therefore, we have just revised the family pension 
schemes and that we did in order to make sure that our VRS scheme is successful and we are 
seeing the good outcome, Mohit. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood, sir. That is very helpful. Thanks and wish you all the best. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, hi. So just extending that question on the VRS thing. So while you do not quantify the cost, 
but you would have an estimate of the 100% of the employees eligible for it. If they accept the 
VRS, what could be the cost that can be seen? And I would also like to understand what 
happens if the 100% of the employees take VRS post that, what kind of employee cost run rate 
will we see? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So overall, the number of employees that are eligible for VRS is 479 out of roughly around 1450 
employees that we have. So only one third of the employees are actually eligible for VRS. And 
these are primarily the employees who are more than 50 years of age and joined prior to 2003. 
The actual impact will again depend on the number of people that actually opt for a VRS. But I 
can give you a ballpark number. The average VRS payout per employee, would be in the range 
of around 60-65 lakhs. So depending on the number of employees that actually opt for, then I 
can communicate the actual impact. And what was the second question, Prayesh? I didn't get 
that? 
Prayesh Jain: 
If 100% employees opt for the VRS, how much? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
So we have analyzed it and we are not required to replace all employees. Our data suggests 
that in case all 500 employees take the VRS, over a period of time, we will be requiring 70-75 
people to supplement those requirements. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So Prayesh, at the actual run rate, once we relieve the employees, then depending on the 
business requirement, in how many cases actually we may require a replacement or the entire 
organization restructuring will happen. So we will communicate the actual run rate maybe 
while we announce the Quarter 3 results. 

 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got it. That is very helpful. Second question is on the SIP market share. If I look at the SIP market 
share, which was there in September 2024, which was about 2.9% and now it is about 2.7%. 
What are we doing to kind of change this and make further improvements here? Because I 
think that the cornerstone for this industry has been SIPs and that is where it seems that we 
are losing some market share? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
I think if you look at our market share, it might have just gone down marginally. But otherwise, 
we have seen a month-on-month growth in our SIP numbers. So if you look at the SIP count of 
ours, it has also increased 11% on a year-on-year basis. So there are about 6 lakh new SIPs 
which have been registered in this first half of the year, out of which 75% have come through 
the digital channel. And most of our market shares across channels remain steady and we are 
not seeing too much of a change there. The highest share of SIP flows that we are getting is still 
coming from the MFDs, which is about 50% of our SIP flow and this is followed by RIAs, which 
is close to about 19%. And the rest is coming through direct, Fin-tech and BND. The two 
channels where we have seen significant increase is the RIA channel and the Fin-techs on a 
year-on-year basis, which is around 40%-45% increase from the last year. And we can owe 
much of this growth to the thrust that we are putting into augmenting our network in the last 
many quarters and we will keep on making our efforts in this direction to improve our market 
share in the SIPs. Another factor which is important is in respect of the smaller cities where we 
have been able to sustain our growth by deepening our presence through a combination of 
digital engagement, distribution partnership, and initiatives. So this has also helped us to get a 
number of SIPs from the smaller centers. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
As a core strategy, we are overly focused on our SIP. We are on all the platforms, HDFC, Axis 
Bank, and everywhere. And we as a team, this is our core strategy to implement. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that, sir. Just on the other expense front that also seen on a standalone basis, I have seen 
a very sharp jump both on a Y-o-Y as well as a sequential basis. What is driving that? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
The other expenses or the employee cost? 
Prayesh Jain: 
Other expenses. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Other expenses. The Rs. 6 crore was on account of CSR expenses. And as you are aware, CSR 
expenses is actually booked on a cash basis and not on an accrual basis. So maybe this quarter, 
the other expenses have increased. The next quarter, there might be a slight dip in the overall 
expenses. So for the full year, we maintain a guidance of close to around 7%-8% for the other 
expenses. Some volatility because the CSR expenses is actually accounted on a cash basis. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. This is helpful. Thank you so much and wish you all a very Happy Diwali. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Thank you, you too. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. Thank you for taking my question and Happy Diwali to everyone. 
So just again on the VRS, so of the 460-470 employees that the VRS is applicable to, how many 
have actually accepted it until now? Can you give some number of that? And in your internal 
estimates, what is the kind of acceptance rate broadly that you would be building in? That will 
also be helpful. And my second question is more for Vetri. Sir, if you could highlight, you will 
be taking over as CEO. Congratulations for that and all the best on the new role. But what will 
be your key focus areas? And over the next couple of years, let us say, what would be your sort 
of targets in your mind both in terms of fundraise, performance, and expenses? So what can 
sort of shareholders look forward to if you could outline how you are thinking about strategy 
for UTI? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Madhukar, so far as the VRS scheme is still on, this scheme will close on 31st of October 2025. 
And therefore, we are unable to give you any number at this particular point of time. And since 
it is a VRS scheme, we cannot predict how many people will take with a certain number. 
However, what we are witnessing, we are witnessing a very positive response from our people. 
Vetri, over to you. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Yes, Madhukar, thanks for the good wishes. Just if you look at the asset management space, 
and obviously the mutual fund being a big component of that. In a sense, it is a very simple 
business. It is just all about the products and the way the funds perform and equally, it is a 
people-driven business because it is the people who really make the difference across all 
aspects of the business. So if you look at it in terms of, I think, what the strategic priorities are, 
Imtaiyaz talked about the growth that we have seen and the leadership transition that is 
currently underway. I think one benefit I have compared to when Imtaiyaz took charge in 2018 
is that we have a strong set of leadership across the entire company and in fact, for that matter, 
across the entire group. So I believe our senior level teams are very well placed today as 
compared to where we were earlier. 
Having said that, workforce rejuvenation is a very key component of what we need to carry 
out. If we go back a few years in history and look at our sales team, the ratio of supervisory 
sales team leads to the actual hunters was adverse. And that is something that we have been 
correcting over the last 3 years. And I think with this VRS, it will see a further change in terms 
of the number of managers who make up the sales system, who are supervising the sales team 
and the number of actual sales people who are going out there in the market. So that workforce 
rejuvenation in terms of a younger cohort, making sure that the ratio of supervisory to hunters 
is more appropriately placed, making sure that this younger team is now properly skilled and 
trained to be able to engage with the marketplace. To my mind, that is really one critical part 
of the engagement part of our business with all our partners and distributors. The second part 
is the brand visibility and the brand connect. The brand has a very strong recollect. It has legacy. 
But at the same time, we are aware that there is a younger cohort of customers to whom the 
brand does not resonate as strongly. So we would certainly in the years ahead, once again 
utilize some of the flexibility that would show up for us by investing in the brand to make sure 
that we are increasing the visibility and the connection to the younger cohorts who may not 

 
 
Page 11 of 17 
fully be aware of the legacy of the brand. So the brand would really be the second part of what 
is important. 
Third thing, if you look at all the industry data, we are certainly going through a disruption in 
the sense not visible in the AUM, but visible in the number of customer accounts which are 
now digitally originated. Again, for us, that is partly allied with the previous point, which is to 
say that we need to have best-in-class digital assets. We need to have best-in-class digital 
systems which allow us to talk to the customers, engage with the customers, cross sell, upsell, 
and also sort of give them a sense of being digitally native because the new competitors who 
are entering this business are increasingly digitally native. So digital and brand at some portion 
of these are aligned, at some portion it is a separate platform that we will anyway have to build. 
As far as fund management is concerned, I think we have got the processes well in place. We 
have got very strong talented teams. There will always be some cyclicality in terms of fund 
performance. What we have tried to do over there is make sure that we have a go-to-market 
strategy, which makes sure that we are always carrying a portfolio of products to the market, 
which are positioned both on performance and on opportunity. This requires a little bit of 
training of the sales team to be able to carry this message of products that carry performance 
and simultaneously showcase the products where the opportunity lies for the future. So I think 
with a more agile workforce with the appropriate upskilling and training, we will be able to get 
them to carry this message out there in the market. So I would say all of these are things that 
we would need to do. I think very key metric for us, given that we are a scale player, we are 
present across the country, there is a discrepancy between our market share in SIP and the 
market share that we have on stock AUM. So to my mind, one of the critical things that we will 
be focusing on is continuously raising the SIP market share. But because to my mind, the only 
way to get back to where we are on stock AUM is to keep increasing the share of SIP flows. 
Now, I know there was a question on this earlier, and I will put in a slightly tactical point that 
maybe we will have to look through the data. Remember that the hottest selling category in 
mutual funds, particularly on the equity side in the last 2 years, or maybe in 3 years, has actually 
been sectoral thematic. This has been an area in which we have been both conservative and 
cautious. This may have cost us both in terms of gross sales as well as impacted our share of 
the SIP book. But we are very focused that in the core categories, we want to keep increasing 
our share of the SIP book and I think it is in the core diversified products that there will be a 
long-term opportunity to make sure that we get a sustainable share of the SIP pipeline. 
I think on the cost side, post-November, we will get a better opportunity to articulate where 
our cost structure will settle down. But certainly, we will look to reinvest some of that in brand 
visibility. And once we are able to raise our equity SIP book, it should automatically start to 
show up in the yields as well. So it is a pretty simple business. If you are able to keep your costs 
under control and raise the yield, the jaws sort of start to open up. So that is what we will have 
to target. But it is a journey. It is not something that we can do overnight. But I think all of these 
are levers that we will have to use. And simultaneously, leveraging the onsite fund 
management talent we have into the offshore business gives us the ability to tap into a new 

 
 
Page 12 of 17 
set of investors and UTI alternatives, which is still a very small unit for us. There is scope to 
grow that and that will be a much higher yielding unit eventually, though the size of AUM may 
be much smaller. But that is another way to diversify the asset management company and the 
listed company’s businesses. So that in a nutshell, many things, but these are all the touch 
points that we will have to go. And overtime, we will come back to you with a dashboard. So 
you have an understanding of each of the elements that I described and the progress that we 
hope to make. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you for the response and look forward to your innings and all the best, 
sir. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Vetri sir, congrats on your new role and a Happy Diwali 
to everyone. I had 3 questions. So first of all, I think about this quarter, I think in the employee 
cost also, if we adjust for the Rs. 25 crore one-off that has come through, there is still, I think, 
Rs. 10 odd crore increase in the standalone P&L in employee costs and around Rs. 4-5 crores 
in the consolidated P&L. So if you could explain what is that due to? That is the first question. 
Second is, sir, you were talking about the 3-year performance and actually gradually scale up 
there. I just wanted to know, what in your mind or how have you seen in the past in the industry 
that has the performance goes into the higher quartiles? What is the lead time before flows 
start to come in? How should we think about it on that? Thirdly, sir, I think over the last 2-3 
years, we had kind of articulated to investors to maintain our cost base. I think we did a great 
job at that. The cost base was not going up at only, I think, low single digits. Now, given our 
plans about investments in the brand and in the distribution channel as you have articulated, 
should we expect any of that on the cost heads to increase going forward if you could keep 
some color of the same? These are my 3 questions. And one bookkeeping question, if you could 
give us the yields by asset classes for the quarter? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes. I will answer on the cost and the yield part. On the employee cost, apart from the family 
pension liability of Rs. 25 crores, roughly around Rs. 6.5 crores is the actuarial impact on 
account of salary revision that has happened in this particular quarter. Again, this is just one 
quarter event and this will normalize over the balance period. On the yield part, the equity and 
hybrid yield is close to around 75 basis points. ETF and index fund has seen a marginal 
improvement to around 8 basis points from the earlier 6 basis points that were there in the 
previous half year. Cash and liquid fund is close to around 9 basis points and fixed income is 
around 19-20 basis points. Some marginal reduction on the fixed income yield because I think 
most of the products that are being selling in the fixed income side is on the shorter duration 
and some marginal reduction in the yield on the fixed income side. 

 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Yes, just a follow up. The employee cost side, if I may just clarify. Sir, you said Rs. 6 crores 
because of actuarial valuation. So if I remove the Rs. 25 crores number, I think Rs. 100 crores 
for last quarter in the standalone P&L went to around Rs. 110 odd crores except the Rs. 25 
crores number. So, Rs. 6 crores out of that? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
No. Rs. 25 crores is on account of family pension and Rs. 6.5 crore is on account of actuarial 
valuation of other retirement benefit which includes your gratuity, live encashment and things 
like that. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Every year post the salary increase, we need to calculate the various superannuation benefits. 
And based on that, the Rs. 6 crore is the liability, one time liability has come to Rs. 6 crores. If 
we normalize 25 plus 6, then the cost is in line with 2.5%-3% that, as per the guidance, which 
we have given. Now, you have asked about the question of maintenance of the cost post what 
Vetri suggested to you that once he takes over, he will invest some dollar in the brand 
regeneration, etc., I don't feel we are in the position at this particular point of time to suggest 
any or give any guidance on this number. However, if you see the last 5 years, our CFO team 
and the entire management team, they have been extraordinarily careful on the cost. So we 
cut a lot of cost, we save a lot of cost, we improve efficiency and whatever the money we save 
out of that, we use for the other line of the business. This has been the case. For example, we 
have opened 75 branches, but we have not increased the cost because we reduce a lot of 
branches, we cut a lot of cost, we optimize a lot of cost and we have brought a lot of efficiency 
using our technology. That has helped. So Vetri has suggested that he will go for the brand and 
many other things, but at the very same time, he is extraordinarily careful and he is working on 
that to save a lot of cost in other areas. So at this particular point of time, I don't feel Vetri will 
be in a position to give any guidance or I am in a position to give any guidance. However, when 
we meet again or when they meet you again in the 3rd quarter or 4th quarter end, we will be 
in a better position to give you the guidance on the next plan. And so, for the yield is concerned, 
Vinay, you have already replied about the yield. Yes, Mr. Mukherjee, hope it answers the 
question. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Sir, I had also asked regarding the flows that in your experience, once we scale up on the 3-
year performance as it highlighted, it might play out differently but normally, what have you 
seen as the lead time for the catch-up on flows to happen? 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
So if you see in the past and even if you refer to our data of 2021-22, you will see that typically, 
it is somewhere in the second year after you start to get good performance in some of your 
schemes is where the flow numbers start to pick up quite significantly. So you will see that very 
much in our flow data in 2020 -21 and 2021-22, which were strong years for us both in terms 
of our share of gross as well as our share of net flows of equity flows for the industry. So I would 
say 2-3 is the sweet spot. And we see this even at a scheme level. If I look at current year to 
date, for the first time, one of our other schemes has started to outsell in terms of gross sales, 
our largest single active equity scheme and that is a function of the fact that its 3-year 
performance is now extremely strong. So those are the cycles that you see at a product level. 
But the main point that I would like to make is that we as a firm recognize this cyclicality of 2-

 
 
Page 14 of 17 
year and 3-year and that is why I said we need to take the product appropriately to the market, 
position some on the back of performance and position others on the back of opportunity. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Right. That is very helpful. If I may squeeze in a couple of more questions. Sir, first of all, on the 
VRS scheme, once you get clarity in terms of how much your cost would be, just wanted to 
know how it would be provisioned. Will it be provisioned over one quarter or over multiple 
periods? Just some clarity on that. And secondly, sir, this new product, SIF, that I think some of 
your peers are launching. So just wanted to know your thoughts or any strategy around that? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Vinay on accounting and Vetri on SIF. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
The entire VRS cost will be booked in the P&L in the 3rd quarter itself as per the accounting 
standard. There is some impact as far as the taxation is concerned, that these expenses need 
to be amortized over a period of 5 years as per the Income Tax act. So you might see a deferred 
tax asset being created. But as far as the accounting of this cost is concerned, the entire cost 
will be charged in Q3 financial.  
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Sure. On the SIF itself, see, it is an interesting product category, because it opens up space to 
do something which is slightly different from the traditional MF product. And at the same time, 
it has the benefits of the same set of regulations that asset management companies would 
anyway use across their products. The regulator also has great comfort with this. There are two 
sort of challenges we need to be cognizant of. One is that for this product to be distributed, 
both my own sales team as well as the distribution partners need to get certified at a new level 
as compared to the certification required to sell a normal MF product. So when we look at the 
data at this point of time, it is very clear to us that at this point of time, the distribution system's 
ability to distribute this product is limited by the fact that there are not enough people who 
have the certification. Having said that, we are getting other people trained so that we have 
enough people in-house. We are going region by region. We will have enough in-house people 
who are then certified appropriately to position this. We have also finalized our brand because 
by law, we require a separate brand for this product. That is also in final stages of being rolled 
out. The actual product launch, again, we are looking at what is the appetite that the market 
might have because the long short product is a product which still at this point of time is not 
very well understood in the marketplace. Therefore, we need to see which of these products 
might actually be most suitable. But all the building blocks that need to be done, we are doing 
one by one, which is the brand, which is the platform, and finally, the training of our own sales 
team. But honestly, it makes sense to launch it when the distribution architecture is prepared 
and the number of people in the distribution architecture who can sell the scheme is currently 
limited. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Understood, sir. That is very helpful. I appreciate your detailed responses. Thank you so much 
and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Meghna Luthra from Incred Equities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Meghna Luthra: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thank you for giving me an opportunity. I had two questions. One is, sorry to harp 
again on the employee cost. After we are done with the VRS, what could be a normalized 
number of employee costs that we can expect every quarter? And the second question is a 
little qualitative, is that we are seeing fast-pacing growth in the digital onboarding from SIPs 
and even lump sums. How do we compete in this space and how does any AMC compete? 
There is no payout to the digital onboarding of customers. So is there a dynamic where we can 
compete and come ahead? These are my two questions? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So as I said, the run rate will be able to communicate post the VRS settlement is over depending 
on our business requirement that if we need to recruit people to fill up some of the vacancies 
that may arise. And again, Vetri rightly pointed out that we are realigning our ratios of 
managerial to the hunter on the top. So the entire reorganization will be carried out sometime 
in the Q3 and maybe when we announce the Q3 financial result, the run rate for the employee 
cost will be communicated. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
So Meghna, we are progressing digital transformation with the focus on expanding our investor 
access and providing them platform efficiencies. If you look at as of September 2025, 89% of 
our total gross sales in the quarter came from the digital platform. And in the last 4 quarters, 
an average of around 92% of the gross sales are coming through the digital channel. So you can 
see that digital channels are taking shape through the existing distributors as well as from the 
Fin-tech platform. So our recent collaboration with Salesforce, which focuses on customized 
communication has helped us to create a top of mind recall with many of our investors. 
Similarly, we have been focusing on things like instant SIP activation, digital KYC and 
distributors onboarding through mobile and a web application and the team has done a great 
job to ensure that all the application as well as the website is top of line. So another area where 
we are putting a lot of focus is the Fin-tech partnership. And we are looking at API integration 
to support their digital push also by streamlining the processes and improving the customer 
experience. So all of these initiatives show that as Vetri also pointed out that digital 
architecture as well as the framework will help the growth of mutual fund industry and UTI. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
And Meghna, just to add to what Sandeep said, just keep in mind that they are also trying to 
rejig their own business models because no doubt they have made a significant impact in terms 
of the number of clients that they bring, the new SIP signups that they bring. But I think they 
are also now trying to figure out where in this entire mix they will be able to get profitability 
from the clients that they are onboarding. So what we are seeing at this point of time is 
significant number of these digital platforms starting to rethink what their approach to business 
should be in terms of how they want to position themselves, whether it will be purely direct or 
whether they also wish to have clients to whom they will offer incidental advice. So I think it is 
still evolving. We are very clear as Sandeep said that we need to have best-in-class digital assets 
and digital visibility because otherwise you will not be part of the consideration. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Hi, good evening everyone. So a question again on the VRS related point. I just wanted to know 
what would be the contribution of these 470 odd employees in our current staff cost on a full 
year basis? That would be the first question. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Can you repeat your question please, Abhijeet? 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Yes, Sir, like you mentioned, there are these about 470 odd employees who are eligible for this 
VRS scheme. Now, what I wanted to know is that on a full year basis of whatever your staff cost 
is, I am just checking the number, last full year, it was about Rs. 460 odd crores. What would 
be attributable to these 470 odd employees? 
Vinay Lokhatia: 
I can give the average payout of these 470 employees would be in the range of around 28 to 
30 lakhs. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it, sir. And sir, secondly, just again reconfirming this point, when you make the provision in 
the 3rd quarter, this will be routed through the P&L itself, right? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And in that context, how do we think about the dividend payout for the full year? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
That is too early to comment. Let us see now how the year goes and how much people are 
applying for it and are accepting the VRS. Based on that we will give you the guidance in the 
3rd quarter, at the end of the 3rd quarter. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. That is all, sir. Thank you so much and Happy Diwali to everyone. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
As you know, we have got a very strong balance sheet, but the accounting requirement is it has 
to be charged in the same financial year. But we have very strong balance sheet. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it, sir. And sorry, I just forgot the question for Vinay, sir. How do we think about the full 
year tax rate for this year? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
The full year tax rate actually will be slightly higher in the range of around 26-27. Because, as I 
stated earlier, this VRS cost will be amortized over a period of 5 years. The Indian Income Tax 
Act doesn't allow to be charged in the full year. So while there will be an expenditure, the tax 
rate will be slightly on a higher side. We will communicate the exact number when we 
announce our quarter 3 financial results. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Divij Punjabi from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Divij Punjabi: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. I had two questions. One was on the pension management 
business. You mentioned that there are four schemes being launched. And there are also a 

 
 
Page 17 of 17 
bunch of regulatory changes being done by PFRDA. So can you just talk about what these 
schemes would look like? What would be the realization and the size of the opportunity? And 
the second question is on the VRS. Out of these 479, if you can just maybe touch upon the 
function-wise split of the employees. So across sales and the other functions, how is it going to 
be spread out? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
So the four schemes that we are planning to launch is, the first scheme is NPS Trust Account 
UTI-PF Wealth Builder NPS Equity Scheme. This will be based on equity. There are two schemes 
in this. There is a Tier 1 scheme and there is a Tier 2 scheme. The other scheme, which is on 
the dynamic hybrid side is the UTI-PF Dynamic Asset Allocator NPS Scheme Tier 1. Similarly, 
there is a Tier 2 scheme. As per the opportunity for this fund, I think it is still in the planning 
stage and by the time we launch it and the market conditions will determine the kind of inflows 
that we will see in this fund. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
So just to add to what Sandeep said, see the bigger opportunity is that we need to grow the 
market for the private NPS product. All that has happened with this set of regulations is that 
we have been given a lot more flexibility in product design. So you are no longer carrying a very 
tightly regimented product to the customer. You have a plate which has got some more 
attractive opportunities or at least perceived benefits that people can see in those products. 
But I think the bigger challenge still remains to grow the market in terms of getting people to 
sign up for the private sector pension. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
On the segmentation or classification of employees, we have two categories of employees, 
managerial staff and non-managerial staff. Out of 476, 351 are associated with the sales or 
sales-related functions. I hope it answers both of your questions. 
Divij Punjabi: 
Yes, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman for closing comments. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Thank you very much to all of you for your active participation. Once again, on my personal 
behalf and behalf of my team here and the entire UTI, we wish all of you a very Happy and 
Prosperous Diwali and the New Year. Thank you and have a nice weekend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining the call. In case of any queries, feel free 
to connect with the Adfactors investor relations team. You may now disconnect your lines. 
