 
 
 
Sec/Coat/081/FY 2025-26                                                            
 
        Date: 05.11.2025 
 
 
The Secretary  
 
 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
New Trading Wing, 
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block “G” 
Rotunda Building, 
 
 
 
5th floor, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
PJ Tower, Dalal Street,  
 
              Bandra East, 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Code: 539046  
 
 
Symbol: MANAKCOAT 
 
 
 
 Dear Madam/Sir,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for 
the quarter ended September 30, 2025  
 
In continuation to our Letter dated October 30, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and Regulation 
46(2)(oa) read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Un-audited Financial Results (Consolidated and 
Standalone) of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, is available on the website of the 
Company at https://www.manaksiacoatedmetals.com/  
 
We request you to take the same on record.  
 
This is for your information and for public at large.  
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited  
 
 
 
Shruti Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. : F12124 
 
SHRUTI 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
SHRUTI AGARWAL 
Date: 2025.11.05 
16:41:45 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited Q2 & 
H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KARAN AGRAWAL – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
MANAKSIA COATED METALS & INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. MAHENDRA BANG – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MANAKSIA COATED METALS & INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. TUSHAR AGRAWAL – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
MANAKSIA COATED METALS & INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SAMIKSHA RAMTEKE – KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 & H1 FY ‘26 Results Conference Call of 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited, hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen mode only and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Samiksha from Kirin Advisors. Thank you and over to 
you ma'am. 
Samiksha Ramteke: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to the conference call of Manaksia 
Coated Metals & Industries Limited. From management team, we have Mr. Karan Agrawal – 
Whole-Time Director, Mr. Mahendra Bang – Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Tushar Agrawal 
– Senior Vice President.   
 
Now, I hand over the call to Mr. Karan Agrawal. Over to you, sir. 
Karan Agrawal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It is a pleasure to connect with you and share the progress 
we have made at Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited during the first half of Fiscal 
‘26.  
 
The period has been marked by strong momentum, disciplined execution and clear strategic 
focus. On behalf of the management, I extend a warm welcome to our Q2 FY ‘26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
I am joined by Mr. Mahendra Bang – our CFO and Mr. Tushar Agrawal – Senior Vice President. 
We sincerely appreciate your time, engagement and continued confidence in our journey of 
growth and value creation. 
 
The first half of FY ‘26 has been an encouraging phase for us at Manaksia Coated Metals & 
Industries as we continue to strengthen our presence in the value-added coated steel segment 
with consistent performance and expanding capabilities. Our portfolio spans a wide range of 
pre-painted and galvanized steel products designed to meet evolving market needs.  
 
Our advanced manufacturing facility in Kutch, Gujarat, serves as a strategic hub connecting us 
seamlessly to both domestic and international markets. With exports to over 40 countries and a 
growing diversified customer base, we are expanding our capacity and systems to better serve 
customers across core end-use sectors guided by our focus on quality, innovation and operational 
excellence.  
 
Q2 of Fiscal ‘26 was another strong quarter for us. Our consolidated total income grew by 27% 
year-on-year to Rs. 224 crores, driven by strong demand and improved realizations. EBITDA 
more than doubled to Rs. 29 crores, reflecting a 113% growth, while EBITDA margin expanded 
by 534 basis points to 13%, highlighting improved operational efficiency and product mix. Net 

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
profit surged by 491% to Rs. 14 crores, translating into a net margin of 6% which is up by 490 
basis points year-on-year. Earnings per share also increased significantly by 347% year-on-year 
to Rs. 1.43.  
 
For the H1 of FY ’26, total income rose by 27% year-on-year to Rs. 478 crores, while EBITDA 
increased 103% to Rs. 58 crores, with a margin expansion of 446 basis points to 12%. Net profit 
grew by 423% year-on-year to Rs. 28 crores, translating into a net margin of 6%. And EPS stood 
at Rs. 2.81, which is up by 290% year-on-year. This underscores strong and broad-based 
financial performance across operations.  
 
In addition to strong financial performance, our balance sheet has further strengthened during 
the first half of FY ‘26. The interest coverage ratio improved to 3.62 as compared to 1.89 as on 
31st March, 2025, reflecting higher profitability and lower finance costs. The current ratio 
increased to 1.67 from 1.35, supported by efficient working management. The debt-equity ratio 
improved to 1.19 down from 1.81 at the end of FY ’25, driven by repayment and strong cash 
generation. Total debt declined by 27% from Rs. 141.28 crores down to Rs. 103.22 crores as of 
30th September, 2025.  
 
Operationally, second quarter of FY ‘26 turned out to be an exceptional quarter driven by 
consistent execution, healthy demand and record contributions from exports. Galvanized steel 
production grew by 8% year-on-year to 26,572 metric tons while pre-painted steel output 
increased by 18% to 21,653 metric tons, supported by efficient plant utilization. The share of 
value-added product, which is pre-painted steel, touched 92% of total sales, reflecting our focus 
on high margin and quality-driven segments. 
 
Exports remained a key growth driver, contributing 85% of total sales with export revenue up 
by 151% year-on-year and export tonnage at a record of 20,590 metric tons. This performance 
showcases our strong operational foundation, agile execution, and growing global acceptance of 
products made at Manaksia Coated Metals.  
 
On the capital front, the company raised a total of Rs. 174.87 crores through two preferential 
allotments. The first one of Rs. 40.32 crores at Rs. 18 per share and the second one of Rs. 134.55 
crores at Rs. 65 per share. During first half of FY ‘26, we collected Rs. 80.36 crores, including 
Rs. 74.60 crores in Q1 and Rs. 5.76 crores in Q2, with a balance of Rs. 13.65 crores pending for 
conversion. This equity infusion has further strengthened our balance sheet, reduced debt, and 
enhanced financial flexibility to support ongoing expansion of projects. 
 
The Indian steel industry is entering a high growth phase supported by government initiatives 
such as the National Steel Policy, PM Gatishakti and the National Manufacturing Mission aimed 
at boosting capacity, efficiency and competitiveness. India targets producing 300 million tons 
of steel by the year 2030 and 500 million tons by the year 2047, alongside higher exports and 
per capita consumption. The focus on value-added and green steel manufacturing under the PLI 
and Make in India schemes is driving investment and long-term demand. These developments 

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
create a strong tailwind for Manaksia Coated Metals, aligning perfectly with our expertise in 
value-added coated steel products and expanding export presence.  
 
Looking ahead, we are entering an exciting phase of growth with multiple strategic projects 
progressing as planned. The aluminum zinc coating line conversion scheduled for current fiscal 
2025, which we believe will enhance capacity by 36% up to 1,80,000 tons per annum, and 
positions us among the few players in India with 100% aluminum zinc capability. 
 
The second color coating line expected to commission by early Financial Year 2027 will expand 
coating capacity by 174% to 2,36,000 tons per annum, strengthening our value-added portfolio 
and customer reach. The 7 megawatts peak captive solar power plant targeted for early FY ‘27 
will offset 50% to 55% of grid power dependency and lead to significant energy cost savings 
while advancing our sustainability goals.  
 
In parallel, the implementation of an MES system and CRM systems will drive digital 
transformation, enabling real-time production visibility, data-driven decisions and stronger 
customer engagement. Collectively, these initiatives will strengthen our scale, efficiency and 
customer-centric growth, positioning Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries for the next phase 
of sustainable value creation and growth.  
 
Before I conclude, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our employees, customers, 
investors and partners for their continued trust and support. The first half of FY ‘26 has been a 
period of strong growth and meaningful progress for us, and we remain confident about 
sustaining this momentum through disciplined execution and strategic investments. 
 
Thank you once again for joining us today and for your continued confidence in Manaksia 
Coated Metals & Industries Limited. We will now be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sucrit Patil from Eyesight FinTrade Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit Patil: 
Good afternoon to the team. My question is, as metal prices and demand cycles keep changing, 
what long-term strategies do you see helping Manaksia build a strong identity beyond just being 
part of the commodity cycle? 
Karan Agrawal: 
Thank you for your question. Is that all? 
Sucrit Patil: 
No, I have a follow-up question, but once this gets completed I will ask my second question. 
Karan Agrawal: 
Right. So, I think it is a very valid question, Sucrit. We are a player in the steel industry and we 
do have a direct correlation to metal prices and the volatility of the commodity. I would like to 
share that we are in potentially the highest value-added segment of flat steel products by having 
the ability to produce pre-painted steel which is the highest value creation that you can do on 
flat carbon steel. 

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Our business model is largely a back-to-back model where we are not having an exposure to the 
commodity price risk since more than 80% of our business is back-to-back, and spot changes in 
the market of commodity does not impact our inventory or our business model. So, our strong 
focus on exports and OEM business has led to this situation and we would like to continue this 
focus and strategy to be a dominant player and a strong player in the OEM segment and the 
export segment which really creates a strong identity and value for our company, for our product 
and for our customers. 
Sucrit Patil: 
My second question is, looking ahead what internal steps or cost management plan do you think 
are most important to protect the margin, especially if input cost or demand patterns keeps on 
changing? 
Karan Agrawal: 
Well, see, we have our own cost structure which we are trying to make it more and more efficient 
every quarter by enhancing our capacity utilization by improving focus of the company towards 
higher value-added products and improving the focus towards export. So, naturally with higher 
capacity utilization, the fixed cost per ton reduces and as I was saying, the capacity additions 
that we are doing on the alu-zinc front as well as the second pre-painted line will also lead to 
further reduction in the fixed cost per ton thereby ensuring that our EBITDA margins are 
protected and potentially enhanced. Moreover, I think as we are shifting from a product of 
galvanized steel towards a more value-added product of alu-zinc steel, the potential cost savings 
on raw material also come into play which have further potential to contribute towards cost 
efficiencies and enhancement in margins. 
Sucrit Patil: 
Thank you for the guidance and I wish the team best of luck for Q3.  
Karan Agrawal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rehan Syed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Rehan Syed: 
Good afternoon to the team. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. So, I have only one 
question regarding your capacity utilization side. So, you have mentioned in the Q1 call that 
CAPEX of Rs. 150 crores is ongoing, with Rs. 50 crores already incurred. So, like, I want to 
understand, can you share the timeline for commissioning of the new expanded expected 
increase in tonnage? And when we might see them contributing meaningfully to the volumes?  
 
And continuing with that question, my second question is regarding the product side. So, on 
product diversification, could you elaborate on any higher margin value-added quoted products 
you are targeting, for instance specialty coating or niche domestic segment? So, this is my 
question. Could you please explain regarding this thing? 
Karan Agrawal: 
Sure. Thank you, Rehan. Your first question regarding our CAPEX projects and the resultant 
revenue increases. Well, as I mentioned on my opening remarks, the three critical projects that 
we have embarked upon where the CAPEX has been done is basically the first one is the alu-

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
zinc project which is scheduled to start revenue generation within the current fiscal of FY ’26, 
followed by the other two projects which are the second pre-painted line, the second color 
coating line which is expected to start generating revenue in early Fiscal ‘27. And the third is 
the captive solar power plant which will start giving its output in terms of energy cost savings 
which is also expected from early Fiscal ‘27. So, this timeline is something that we had shared 
even previously and I do not have any reasons to believe that there is any shift in such timelines. 
 
The second question pertaining to value-added products for different value-added end-users and 
higher margins. I think this is exactly the direction that the company is thinking. And the 
transition from galvanized steel towards alu-zinc steel is exactly the step for us to move in that 
direction where the coating of an alloy of 55% aluminum, 43.5% zinc and 1.5% silicon will 
replace the traditional galvanizing process and lead to a much higher value-added product 
catering to a niche and demanding customers who need a much higher performance, corrosion 
resistance from the product to meet their end-uses.  
 
This will also lead to potentially cost savings and better price realizations by the company which 
should result in better performance and higher margins for the company going forward. This is 
the exact direction that we are thinking in. And I think the enhancement in margins also can be 
driven by our continued focus to cater to the export market, which we have been doing, and the 
numbers that I shared with you on the export front which is also visible in our presentation 
speaks for itself in terms of our higher performance in the export market. 
Rehan Syed: 
Got it. Thank you for explanation. All the best for the upcoming quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Choudhary from Saamarthya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Prateek Choudhary: 
So, I have a couple of questions. One is that why have our galvanized steel coil sales been very 
low this quarter and even in the previous quarter? 
Karan Agrawal: 
Sure. Well, this is an intentional, let’s say, end result because we are producing two finished 
products. One is a first stage product which is galvanized steel and the other is a second stage of 
value addition with the final product being pre-painted steel. Actually, the value addition of pre-
painted steel is the higher category of value addition which also contributes to a higher EBITDA 
margin contribution per ton. And hence, in fact, it is a statistic that we are quite proud of that we 
have been able to reduce the contribution of revenue via galvanized steel and enhance the 
contribution of revenue via the sale of a bigger volume of pre-painted steel which talks about 
our ability to sell more and more value-added product and focus more on higher value-added 
product. So, this is an absolutely intentional end result. 
Prateek Choudhary: 
Understood, sir. And earlier in your presentation you had written that once we completely move 
to an aluminum-zinc coating, then for the same capacity we could see EBITDA increasing by 
40%. But this time around in the presentation, that number is not mentioned. So, has there been 
any change on that number due to market conditions or any other reason? 

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Karan Agrawal: 
One second. Firstly, the statistic given in the presentation of the higher EBITDA margins, that 
is something that we are basically demonstrating in the sense of a market potential of what an 
aluminum-zinc coating can potentially do to company's product profile and margin profile. We 
do not see any reason for this to change. And the technical aspect of aluminum being cheaper 
than zinc still remains as it is, where aluminum as a metal has always been cheaper than zinc 
and continues to be so, which would definitely technically and theoretically result in a lower raw 
material cost as compared to a production cost of galvanized steel. 
Prateek Choudhary: 
Okay. And sir, with regards to your fundraising plan, what could roughly be the quantum of 
fundraise and utilization of the same into different areas, if you can spell out the same? Because 
I think in the first half itself we had received the money for the warrants issued earlier. So, in 
that respect, what is the quantum and what are the utilization areas where we are spending on? 
Karan Agrawal: 
I think the most recent fundraise that was completed by the company was a total of Rs. 134.55 
crores, it was a preferential allotment of warrants. Out of which roughly Rs. 120 crores has been 
realized by the company. And the end uses for this previous fundraise was basically on the 
aspects of debt reduction, higher working capital requirement and for CAPEX projects of alu-
zinc and the second color coating line. And this has been the deployment of these proceeds. 
Prateek Choudhary: 
And for the upcoming fundraise? 
Karan Agrawal: 
See, the company is continuously evaluating ways and means of raising funds for the expansion 
plans. And it continues to keep a pulse of the capital markets and to evaluate the available options 
for future fundraisers to meet its needs for growth ambitions. 
Prateek Choudhary: 
So, that has not been finalized, the quantum?  
Karan Agrawal: 
No, not yet.  
Prateek Choudhary: 
And what probable area we could utilize this for, whenever it happens in the next few months? 
Karan Agrawal: 
So, as per the company's growth blueprint that we have already shared in our presentation, we 
definitely wish to grow horizontally in terms of our capacity expansion in the alu-zinc capacity 
from 1,80,000 tons towards 3,60,000 tons. And also, we wish to work on backward integrating 
our business by setting up a cold rolling complex to make it a more integrated value chain. And 
I think these will be the projects that the company would work towards. And the large end-use 
of the fund raise would be directed towards. 
Prateek Choudhary: 
And sir, final question on your major geographies for exports, which would be those? 
Karan Agrawal: 
I would like to say that, see, we have a customer base spread across 43 countries, which are 
ranging from the European continent, consisting of the Southern European belt like Portugal, 
Spain, Italy, Greece, and the Eastern European belt consisting of Poland, Romania, Bulgaria, 
Czech Republic, and the Central European belt consisting of Germany, Netherlands. Apart from 
this, we also have active customers in Latin America and the countries of Colombia, Ecuador, 

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Brazil, and some customers in the Middle East. Having said this, we do have a dominant share 
of export moving towards the European continent. 
Prateek Choudhary: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur from Bajaj Finance. Please go ahead. 
Ankur: 
Sir, in the previous call also you had mentioned that by 2027, your total capacity expansion will 
be at a full-fledge, and the entire capacity utilization also will be done by that time. So, what's 
the new plan, again, I mean, to fundraise in such a big way? And what are the blueprints? You 
mentioned earlier also, but we need some kind of in-depth understanding of that. Thank you. 
Karan Agrawal: 
Well, Ankur ji, thank you for your question. As far as the current plans of expansion are 
concerned, which are basically divided into three phases, Phase-1, 2, and 3, is 1 and 2, which 
consist of the alu-zinc line upgrade, the second pre-painted line, and the captive solar power 
plant. All these projects are in line with our estimates of commissioning and the capacity ramp-
up, where I just mentioned earlier that the alu-zinc project will be commissioned within the 
existing Fiscal ‘26, and the second pre-painted steel line and the solar power plant will be 
commissioned in early Fiscal ‘27. We do not see any deviation in these timelines that we are 
stating.  
 
We are also fairly confident that with the strong order books from the export market and the 
domestic market and the customer base that we have in the OEM segment, the capacity 
utilization also should be very healthy and should be ramped up fairly quickly. Beyond this, 
there is a Phase 3 expansion, which is in blueprint stage for further addition of a second alu-zinc 
line and a backward integration project of a cold rolling steel complex, which we foresee 
happening in FY ‘28, for which I do not have any firm timelines to share with you, but this is 
what we are working on currently. 
Ankur: 
Okay. So, for 2028 you are right now planning to raise the funds, is that right? 
Karan Agrawal: 
We are evaluating all possible opportunities.  
Ankur: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Thank you. That’s it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir, my two questions are there. One on the capacity expansion, 
which you said, there will be conversion of the existing capacity to alu-zinc and that will increase 
your capacity as well. So, the whole capacity will get converted or part of the capacity will get 
converted? And in that case, whether the alu-zinc standalone will be sold in the market in 
meantime when the other capacity of coated comes. So, how that will work? And how is the 
realization for alu-zinc as compared to the normal galvanized steel? 

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Karan Agrawal: 
Thank you, Sunil ji, for your question. And I think you have gone through our presentation quite 
well to be asking intricate questions, which I appreciate. So, yes, you are right, the capacity 
expansion and the upgrade to alu-zinc is happening for the entire capacity. So, 1,32,000 tons is 
being upgraded to 1,80,000 tons and the entire 1,80,000 tons will become alu-zinc. So, basically, 
we will be shifting from galvanized steel maker to a alu-zinc steel maker. 
 
And your second question was, will we be selling standalone product of unpainted alu-zinc 
before our second pre-painted or color coating line starts? The answer is, yes, we will be having 
a surplus alu-zinc capacity before our second color coating line starts, which would be for a 
period of potentially four to six months. And in this period, we will definitely be selling 
standalone alu-zinc product for which, by the way, there is a very large market in the domestic 
and export ecosystem where unpainted alu-zinc is sold to the infrastructure projects like factory 
buildings, sheds, warehouses, cold storages, airport buildings, hangars, railway stations, metro 
stations, etc. And it forms a large percentage of the roofing and cladding end-uses which are 
done by projects. We intend to tap this sector and sell in the market for similar kind of end-uses. 
Sunil Jain: 
Is there any difference in the realization of galvanized and alu-zinc? 
Karan Agrawal: 
Yes, absolutely. Alu-zinc sells at a premium to galvanized steel in the market. And the reasons 
are because it is a superior product in terms of corrosion resistance, performance in terms of life, 
as well as aesthetically it's a superior product as compared to galvanized, and hence it does sell 
at a premium. 
Sunil Jain: 
And second question related to financial performance. If I see your gross margin, in the last one 
year has moved up from 20% to almost around 31%. Any specific reason we do not see any 
great change in the product mix. So, what was the reason for this improvement in the margin? 
Karan Agrawal: 
Well, there are multiple reasons which have contributed to enhancement of our overall margins, 
I can name a few of them. One of them is obviously higher capacity utilization. We have been 
ramping up capacity utilization which has led to a lower fixed cost per ton and better ability to 
amortize all our costs over a larger tonnage, number one.  
 
Number two, we have gradually shifted our focus from more commoditized segment end-uses 
to more niche and customized end-uses and customer segments such as HVAC, refrigeration, 
home appliances, clean rooms, bus bodies and so on and so forth which are having a better 
realization in terms of price and better margin profile.  
 
Thirdly, our focus and growth in exports are also one of the key contributors to this margin 
growth. And if you go through our presentation, you will realize that our percentage of exports 
has drastically gotten enhanced as compared to what we did in FY ‘24 and what we did in FY 
’25, which is also one of the key reasons for this growth. 
Sunil Jain: 
And sir, last question about the export market. So, how you sell, means you sell it through 
distributors or to the end consumer, how you sell in the export market? 

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Karan Agrawal: 
We are largely selling our product to end-users in the export markets who are OEMs. And the 
percentage of sale to traders or distributors is very, very negligible. 
Sunil Jain: 
So, in that case, the number of customers in the export market, if you can say how many 
customers are there? And what is the product sale, means each billing size like it's a large billing 
size to few customers or there is a large distribution of the end customers? 
Karan Agrawal: 
We have a good fair bit of diversity in terms of our customer base spread across number of 
customers and number of countries and number of regions. So, to give you an indicative number, 
I can say that we would have roughly anywhere between 40 to 50 active export customers 
throughout the year to which we would have sold our entire export tonnage in the last fiscal, and 
a similar picture would be also drawn for the current fiscal as well. And in terms of 
concentration, I do not think more than 10% of our export sales are to more than a single, I mean, 
restricted to a single customer. 
Sunil Jain: 
Great, sir. Thank you very much. 
Karan Agrawal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhawal Jain from Sequent Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhawal Jain: 
Sir, I want you to understand the blended realizations for galvanized and pre-painted this year 
compared to what we had in FY ‘25. So, can you just give some understanding on this? 
Karan Agrawal: 
The realization of our galvanized and the realization of pre-painted per ton, I think, I would have 
this number handy, give me a moment, please. The sale price realization for galvanized steel in 
Q2, you are asking for the quarter or what is your question, please? 
Dhawal Jain: 
Yes. So, you can give about the quarter as well and you can give about the H1, what it has been 
versus what it has been by ‘25. 
Karan Agrawal: 
So, for the Q2, our sales price realization per ton for galvanized steel was Rs. 71,671 per ton. 
And the sales price realization per ton for pre-painted steel for Q2 was Rs. 89,495 ton. And for 
H1, this number was Rs. 71,572 per ton for galvanized and Rs. 88,539 per ton for pre-painted 
steel. And this compared to H1 of last fiscal was considerably higher where I think, let us say, 
on a percentage basis this is higher by about 7% year-on-year. And for pre-painted steel, on 
percentage basis, it would be higher by about 12% year-on-year. 
Dhawal Jain: 
Okay, sir. And my another question is, when we have our capacity increase of galvanized steel 
alu-zinc from 132,000 to 180,000 and pre-painted when we have it the next year from 86,000 to 
236,000. So, what is the potential maximum revenue possible from these entire capacities that 
we have considering our capacity utilization at 75% or 80% if we are closer to that? 

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Karan Agrawal: 
Well, I think the sales price realization numbers that you have with you, which has been shared, 
can be considered as consistent sale price realization that we are achieving in the market. And if 
you were to extrapolate that with the capacity increase and the utilization levels, you will be 
easily be able to get the answer to your question. 
Dhawal Jain: 
Right. And do we see these realizations increasing going forward or is it going to be stable right 
now? 
Karan Agrawal: 
Let us say that the market for steel prices do keep moving, and I cannot predict whether it will 
move higher or lower. But I definitely feel that I do not foresee much of a sharp increase or 
decrease in the prices going forward. In my view, it could be consistent as what we have seen in 
Q2. 
Dhawal Jain: 
Right. And my last question is, sir, this exports that we have, 85% of sales right now, is this the 
same thing that is going to be continued going forward? 
Karan Agrawal: 
The export revenue that we achieved in Q2 is definitely at an all-time high. However, if you see 
the graph of the export contribution to our total revenue over the years has been consistently 
increasing from levels of 25%, then 35%, then I think in Q1 it was 57% and Q2 it was 85%. So, 
it is safe to assume that, yes, we will keep continuing to grow the overall export revenue 
percentage to the total revenue consistently. However, 85% is definitely something which is, let 
us say, a unique situation where we had a very, very strong export order book. It is safe to assume 
that exports would be definitely upwards of 50% for the current fiscal. 
Dhawal Jain: 
Right. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Agrawal from Scientific Investing. 
Please go ahead. 
Mayank Agrawal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, to my understanding, the percentage of like galvanized steel 
which is used internally is around 75% to 80% to make PPGI, correct? 
Karan Agrawal: 
It depends on what is the total production of galvanized steel and the order book that we have 
for the pre-painted steel. But to answer your question, in Q1 and Q2, roughly about anywhere 
between 80% to 90%, in that range, was used for making pre-painted steel. 
Mayank Agrawal: 
Okay. So, my second question is a follow-up question. So, basically, in galvanized steel, like we 
are expanding our capacity from 132,000 to 180,000. And in the pre-painted, we are increasing 
from 86,000 to 36,000, and eventually to 360,000. So, my question is like, since galvanized steel, 
like the fissure capacity, we have capped it around 180,000. So, like, how will the gap between 
this and the pre-painted will be met? 
Karan Agrawal: 
So, yes, there will come a time where we will have our alu-zinc capacity of 1,80,000 tons and 
pre-painted capacity of 2,36,000 tons. And there will be a gap of roughly, say, 50,000 tons 
approximate between the two. But one has to assume that there would be a percentage of capacity 

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
utilization that we will be running at for the pre-painted steel. And the surplus capacity that we 
have for color coating can be potentially utilized by buying galvanized substrates from the 
market and performing color coating to produce pre-painted steel. However, we would indulge 
in any such kind of utilization only if we find it profitable enough to maintain our EBITDA per 
ton numbers. 
Mayank Agrawal: 
Okay. And my next question is an order book. So, last quarter, the order book was Rs. 450 crores 
and which now stands around Rs. 600 crores now. So, like, how much did we execute this quarter 
and how much was the new order addition in the Q2? 
Karan Agrawal: 
See, the execution of order book in the quarter is reflected by the revenue that we have generated, 
right. So, I mean, we generated Rs. 220 crores of revenue, which was against the order book in 
hand. So, I think that answers your question on what is the percentage of order book execution. 
And the incremental order book that you are seeing is a result of the new export orders and the 
new MOUs that we have signed with customers overseas, as well as new orders from domestic 
markets, which is now standing at roughly Rs. 600 crores. 
Mayank Agrawal: 
Okay. And like, what is the average expected timeline to execute the order? 
Karan Agrawal: 
The existing order book currently is having a timeline of 12 months for execution. 
Mayank Agrawal: 
Okay. And the last question is on my aluminum zinc raw material procurement. So, basically, 
70% is backed by the confirmed order and 30% is like on the basis of spot and like fortnightly 
price revision. So, how does the aluminum price movement translate into margin impact for us? 
Karan Agrawal: 
Well, the business model is back-to-back anywhere ranging from 75% to 80% of the total 
volumes that we produce. And the remaining 20%, 25% is definitely earmarked for the spot 
orders that we execute for the domestic customers. The changes in the price of raw material, 
including steel or zinc or aluminum would be reflected in the market almost immediately from, 
let's say, every 15 days, every fortnight, like you said. So, we are able to either pass on the price 
increase or decrease to the customers for the spot market quantum that we are executing almost 
every 15 days. So, that is the frequency that we are able to pass on. 
Mayank Agrawal: 
Okay. Great. The answers all my questions. Thank you for the opportunity. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Ms. Samiksha. Thank you for the closing comments. 
Samiksha Ramteke: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries 
Limited. If you have any queries, you can write to us at research at the rate kirinadvisors.com. 
Once again, thank you for joining the conference call. Thank you, Karan Singh, Tushar sir and 
Mahendra Sir. Thank you. 
Karan Agrawal: 
Thank you very much. Have a good day. 

 
Manaksia Coated Metals & Industries Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
