 
 
October 21, 2025 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments 
for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish 
to inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on  
October 17, 2025, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter and half 
year ended September 30, 2025, is enclosed herewith. The copy of transcript is also available on 
the Company’s website at https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
(Vasudha Bagri)  
Compliance Officer  
Membership No: A28500 
 
Encl: As above. 
Vasudh
a Bagri
Digitally signed 
by Vasudha Bagri 
Date: 2025.10.21 
19:58:09 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q2 FY2026 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: October 17, 2025 at 17:00 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal - Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal - Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Jitin Diwan - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prateek Chandra - Chief Strategy Officer 
Mr. Avijit Vikram - Head Investor Relations  

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Avijit Vikram, Head of 
Investor Relations. On behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH 
Limited, I welcome you all to the company's Q2 FY26 Earnings 
Webinar. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal - Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Brijesh Agrawal – Whole 
Time Director; Mr. Jitin Diwan - Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. 
Prateek Chandra - Chief Strategy Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-
looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly 
refer to Slide #3 of the earnings presentation for the detailed 
disclaimer.  
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to IndiaMART's Q2 FY26 
Earnings call. We have circulated our Earnings Presentation, 
which is available on our website as well as the stock exchanges’ 
website. We are sure you would have gone through the 
presentation and would be happy to take any questions 
afterwards. 
 
IndiaMART has delivered a consolidated revenue from operations 
of Rs. 391 crores in quarter 2, representing year-on-year growth 
of 12%. Collections from customers have grown to Rs. 406 
crores, representing year-on-year growth of 14%. 
 
Deferred revenue grew to Rs. 1,750 crores, representing year-on-
year growth of 18%.  
 
In the second quarter, our unique business inquiries were 31 
million, representing year-on-year growth of 12%. The total 
number of paying suppliers stood at 2 lakh 22 thousand. Net 
additions for the quarter were around 2,800. This is excluding a 
one-time benefit of around 1,200 net additions during the quarter 
due to simplification of the onboarding process for new silver 
paying subscribers. The net paying supplier addition in the Q2 
was actually 3,951 but the normalised would be considered at 
2,800.  

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Our 
platinum 
and 
gold 
customers, 
which 
constitutes 
approximately 50% of our customer base and more than 75% of 
revenue continue to have very good upsell and retention rates. 
 
We continue to focus on improving the platform by creating a 
better user experience for both the buyers and suppliers, 
improving how users engage and converse, delivering better 
customer servicing and building a trusted platform. We are 
implementing a growing range of AI use cases, which is 
strengthening our platform and product offering. 
 
Our focus remains on raising the bar on quality and servicing our 
customers better, which will create long-term value for our 
stockholders. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh to update about Busy 
Infotech. Thank you, and over to you, Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Good evening. Busy has done a billing of about Rs. 38 crores in 
Q2. The normalised year-on-year growth rate, which excludes the 
impact of change in the payout structure for partners, is at 57%. 
The Revenue from operations for Q2 is around Rs. 29 crores and 
the deferred revenue stands at about Rs. 111 crores. Now this 
represents a year-on-year growth of 46% and 63%, respectively, 
on a normalised basis.  
 
The cash flow from operations for Q2 was Rs. 11 crores. During 
this quarter, we sold 12 thousand new licenses, taking the total 
count of licenses sold to 4 lakh 21 thousand.  
 
Moving forward we are committed to enhance the overall product 
experience and continue to build the growth momentum in the 
business.  
 
With this, I would hand over the call to Jitin to take it further from 
here. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Good evening, everyone. I'll take you through the financial 
performance for the quarter ending September 2025.  
 
Consolidated collection from customer was Rs. 406 crores in the 
quarter, representing year-on-year growth of 14%. IndiaMART's 
standalone collection from customers for the quarter was Rs. 365 
crores, registering year-on-year growth of 8%. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Consolidated deferred revenue stood at Rs. 1,750 crores, an 
increase of 18% on year-on-year basis.  
 
Consolidated revenue from operations was Rs. 391 crores, 
registering year-on-year growth of 12% and consolidated 
EBITDA was Rs. 130 crores, representing margin of 33%.  
 
In Q2, we recorded a decline in other income from Rs. 92 crores 
in the previous quarter to Rs. 10 crores in this quarter, primarily 
due to the mark-to-market losses on our treasury portfolio owing 
to significant increase in bond yields during the quarter. 
 
Consolidated net profit for the quarter was Rs. 83 crores and 
consolidated cash generated from operations was Rs. 114 crores. 
Cash and treasury balance stood at Rs. 2,874 crores as on 
September 30, 2025.  
 
Thank you very much. And now we are ready to take questions. 
 
 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask a 
question to the panellists, kindly raise your hand and allow 
camera and microphone access. Alternatively, you may type your 
questions on the chat menu, and we will revert on it.  
 
Please restrict to two questions so that we may be able to address 
questions from all the participants. We will wait for a few 
seconds, while the question queue assembles. 
 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. 
Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Firstly, just wanted to understand when you say that 1,200 
addition is because of a simplification of onboarding process. 
What does this mean exactly? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
What used to happen earlier was, our sales team will go and 
acquire the customer, means collect the advanced payment or get 
the NACH registration done. And then we would ask them to wait 
for two reasons: one, wait for their payment clearance. The 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
second, wait for their GST verification, that they are legitimate 
GST verified supplier or not. 
 
And also, we took that opportunity to improve their catalogue or 
the mini website on the internet, which we call MDC - mini 
dynamic catalogues. Now given the technology we are able to 
verify the GST of any supplier on the go. In fact, many of the 
suppliers are pre-verified on GST. And we said that most of our 
payments are also online, 80% of the payments are now online. 
 
So, I think we initially did a pilot in Delhi NCR for a couple of 
months and after no problems, we now immediately activate the 
customer to be live. So earlier, what was taking 3-5-7 days 
process, has now become zero. With that change, earlier we used 
to have work in progress or orders in progress, order book of 
1,200 odd customers, which will get rolled over. 
 
Now with this immediate activation that order book was 
immediately filled. So, there is no rollover order book that is 
going to the next quarter. That is the additional one-time gain that 
we have found. So that is what is looking like 4,000 customer 
additions. 
 
However, as you know that many of those orders actually 
bounced in the payment and failed in the GST or failed to 
complete process. So, I think that will result into an immediate 
first month or second month churn. So earlier, those customers 
were not counted and they were refunded automatically, or their 
money was not received. 
 
Now, they will be counted as a customer, but they will be also 
counted in the churn. So that's why there's a onetime benefit of 
about 1,200 customers. But the overall addition at net level will 
remain the same. I hope that answers. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Yeah. Very clear, sir. Also, I wanted to understand, going ahead, 
how should we think about the paid supplier addition from an 
overall perspective, are we seeing any reduction in the churn 
process in the last three months? And any steps that we have 
taken with respect to the same? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Steps taken I have already told and I will tell you again, one, we 
have reduced the competition or reduced the number of sellers 
being introduced per buyer. So that it is good for buyer and 
supplier both, as I told, over the last 5-7 years, the supplier 
responsiveness has become far better. And so earlier, when we 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
were introducing 6-7 suppliers to one buyer, they were likely to 
get 3 responses. 
 
Now the supplier responsiveness has gone as high as 70-80%. So, 
it may be enough to introduce only 4-5 suppliers, so also it 
increases the competition for the suppliers, because the suppliers 
were complaining largely that earlier I used to get maturity. Now 
I'm having difficulty in getting maturity. 
 
The second thing that we did was the quality of inquiry, earlier 
when we were asking buyers, we were not asking buyers to fill a 
lot of details, with category-based management, our ability to 
know what to ask and our confidence has gone up that we can ask 
2-3 questions to the buyer. That helps in two things: One, the 
intent of buyers is very, very clear because he has filled at least 
two, three things apart from his phone number and OTP, he has 
also filled quantity and he has also filed some specification. 
Secondly, it also helps the supplier very much, that when they see 
the RFQ, earlier if they were seeing 50-60% of the RFQ having 
quantity or having specification. Now they are seeing 80-90% of 
the RFQs having quantity and having specification. And that 
helps the suppliers choose the correct kind of RFQs and correct 
kind of inquiry. 
 
The third one was localisation and earlier, we were giving mostly 
all India based searches. Now, we are giving more city preferred 
localised searches. As you would have seen on Google and every 
place else, the results are localised for you, the same process we 
have started to do for IndiaMART also. 
 
And all this has resulted in a better NPS from the supplier side on 
the leading indicators, leading indicators means now they are 
happier with the quality of inquiries, they are happier with the 
locational relevancy, and we have seen an improved query 
relevancy feedback.  
 
However, it has not yet resulted into any significant movement in 
the churn and silver customers continue to have an elevated 
churn, monthly customers having about 7%, annual silver 
customers about 4% and gold and platinum continues to be 
healthy at about 1%. 
 
So, I'm not able to give you any guidance on the paid customer 
addition even going forward. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Anmol Garg: 
And one last thing, just wanted to understand how has our 
performance marketing spend moved during the quarter? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
That has done well, if you really see the unique business inquiry 
count, the unique business inquiries have grown from immediate 
past quarter 29 mn to 31 mn. And if I see year-on-year, that has 
grown by 12-13%. Now half of that is actually coming from the 
organic and half of this is coming from performance marketing. 
 
So, performance marketing currently is being done in the top 
10,000 odd categories. We are still trying to optimise because in 
certain categories, we are not able to get any share. In certain 
categories, we are getting too much. So, we are trying to optimise, 
but I think the initial results are very good. And now I think the 
framework has been settled. We will continue to, as I said, our 
initial budget is about Rs. 8-10 crores per quarter, and we'll 
continue to spend on that side. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. So should we assume that 8-10 crore per quarter is 
something which is continuing in this quarter as well. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Yeah, so the current quarter was about Rs. 6 crore. And last 
quarter was also about Rs. 6 crores. But this quarter, slightly the 
results are better because our optimisations have gone better. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kunal from Banyan Tree 
Advisors. Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Kunal Thanvi : 
So I have two questions. One was on the collection growth and 
the deferred revenue growth. If you look at the collection growth 
it is closer to 7-8% and deferred revenue growth is closer to 15-   
18%. How does one read into these numbers? How do we 
interpret the difference between collection growth and deferred 
revenue growth? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
There is a table in the standalone detailed financials. There's a 
proper reconciliation table in the standalone financials, not in the 
investor presentation. You can see there what was the opening 
deferred revenue, what is the collection and how much the 
revenue recognised and how much is the closing deferred revenue 
and what is the current and non-current of that. So that is there in 
the standalone financials.  
 
Kunal Thanvi : 
Sure. One other question was when we look at lower traffic 
growth on the platform right? It was 3% this quarter. Last quarter, 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
it was closer to 7%. How do one read into this number? And what 
are the steps that we have taken to improve this traffic growth? 
Because ultimately, if you were to think about, a traffic growth 
would be the lead indicator in terms of our growth coming on 
that, right? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So I was about to touch this next quarter. I'm going to drop this 
KPI altogether, because this KPI has become very unreliable in 
the days of web crawling, scraping, agentic and all of this. It has 
become really hard even for Google Analytics to differentiate 
between the user traffic and differentiate between a bot traffic or 
scraping traffic or crawling traffic. 
 
So earlier, it was quite almost a near monopoly of Google. And so 
it was very easy to identify which are the crawlers, Google 
crawlers and which are the Yahoo crawlers or which are the Bing 
crawlers. And we will typically ban the Russian and Chinese 
crawlers, Yandex and others. 
 
But now everybody, including Meta, including ChatGPT, 
including Grok, including Alibaba Qwen and DeepSeek. They're 
all crawling the entire Internet very, very heavily. The second part 
is now every time you turn on think mode on the ChatGPT it goes 
and brings 100 pages and gives you some 20 lines answer. Those 
100 pages are again very hard to differentiate because there is no 
established system of identifying which particular place that 
query is coming from, whether it is coming from a Perplexity 
through ChatGPT, I mean, which model, which front end and now 
with the browser agentic, the Dia Browser and the Comet 
Browser and other of this.  
 
Actually, the crawling will happen directly from the customers 
end and customers IT will come. So it is very hard to now say that 
this traffic is user traffic and this traffic is machine traffic. So we 
will probably have to drop this KPI from the top and look at only 
the business enquiries received or converted or calls. And we'll 
find some alternate better KPI where I can differentiate between 
the human traffic and machine traffic. 
 
Kunal Thanvi : 
One last question, if I can ask is, see we have been improved a lot 
of things in last 4-5 quarters. And when we look at the conversion 
numbers in terms of unique enquiries versus delivered, there is 
reasonable improvement there. But when we look at the supplier 
churn on the silver level, it continues to be elevated, like how do 
you as a management team, think about this? 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Is it also linked to the overall economy going through a tough 
period? What are the attributes apart from IndiaMART, if you 
like, what are the things that we should think when you've been 
trying so hard on these improving the user experience, making it 
more relevant to them. Still the problematic silver suppliers 
continues to be under stress? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So, I would say we are too small to be even affected by 
economical downturn. We may get some positive tailwinds when 
the economy is doing very, very well. But we are too small to be 
even affected by economy, until unless something like a very bad 
event happens like COVID or demonetisation or something like 
that. But otherwise, these kind of typical economic slowdowns or 
1-2% GDP slow down or up. That should not be a matter at a 2% 
or 3% penetration. 
 
Now coming to the working hard. I think we keep working hard 
and one fine day we find something smart. You never know when 
is that, that is what is we are trying to find all of us together. And 
we have to wait for that moment to come. There was a definite 
tailwind, which was the mobile Internet, which has started around 
2013-2014, got a very good shot in the arm at around 2016 when 
Jio came in. And also in 2020, when the lockdown happened. 
 
Effectively, there was a big tailwind. Now there are almost 900 
million internet users in India, and there's not much left on that 
side. So, whatever was the natural tailwind of that every internet 
company, that is kind of tapering. Whatever new tailwind will 
come is because of the agentic or because of the AI-based things, 
because now we have got a distribution which is far more wider. 
 
Earlier WhatsApp was a communication channel, but now 
WhatsApp could be a discovery channel. Earlier ChatGPT was a 
chat channel or Wikipedia kind of information channel, now it 
could be a discovery channel. So, there may be more new 
channels that will come in. So, I think the natural growth on the 
buyer side will come in either from them or there is something 
that we need to fix within our ecosystem, and we continue to 
work hard to find that one particular lever. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We have a question from the chat menu. The question is from Mr. 
Manjeet Buaria. So, you have consistently explained why you 
believe this is a large addressable market from paying supplier 
standpoint, and growth here will come back to healthy levels 
when the current issues are fixed. What factors or data points will 
make you change your mind on this hypothesis and say that the 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
TAM is not large enough to grow net paying suppliers, at least in 
high-single digits. Any implications of that changed view on our 
marketing cost? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
You are saying that if this Rs. 1.5 crores GST suppliers come 
down to 75 lakh, I will reduce my final supplier that I should be 
targeting. But as long as there are 15 million, 20 million good 
SMEs and as long as they are growing at 10% nominal growth, I 
don't think that a 5% or 10% kind of a penetration should be an 
unrealistic number. So, I don't know what will change in my mind 
that this will not increase. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. 
Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sir, first question on subscriber addition. The 2.8K addition, while 
being close to our range, but still highest in since last two years. 
So just wanted to understand was it normal change we see 
quarterly? Or did we saw some change in, let's say, gross addition 
or some decline in churn? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Not much. I think it is that Rs. 2,500 plus/minus a couple of 
hundred here and there. Certain working days, certain non-
working days in the quarter. That's about it, nothing else. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. Second one, on the churn side, especially on monthly 
churn side. Any reason we are not seeing any reduction in churn? 
And second, along with this question, I think we have noticed you 
have increased the price of silver subscriber plan. So, any logic 
behind why to increase silver pricing at a time when the churn is 
so high? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So the same question was asked to us into 2022 or 2023 also. Till 
2019, the silver pricing was Rs. 3,000 per month and Rs. 30,000 
per year. Today, we are in 2025 that’s like six years ago. In six 
years, even at whatever price rise that you factor in, even if 
inflation is factored in, it’s a very modest increase. While these 
customers are the building blocks for us, these are the bottom of 
the pyramid customers which end up becoming gold and platinum 
tomorrow. 
But trying to acquire them at a cheaper rate and a more cheaper 
rate could be a race to the bottom because for a lot of these 
customers you have to ask which kind of customer you want to 
acquire? What size of customer you want to acquire?  
So, it’s not value at this price or value at that price. It’s either 
there is value or there is no value. So, our thought is that simple 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
10% kind of a price rise every second year should be applicable. I 
mean that's part of the inflation, I guess. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. Just one clarity on the marketing investment part. Last 
quarter, we highlighted we want to increase the investment from 
Rs. 6 crores to Rs. 10 crores, but we maintained it to Rs. 6 crores. 
So, any logic here? And also was there some ESOP 
announcement? And can you quantify it? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So marketing was, I always told that it is about Rs. 10 crores per 
quarter. It was actually done at Rs. 6 crores last quarter, but I said 
that my budget is about to up Rs. 6-10 crores per quarter. On the 
ESOP front, Jitin can give you the details. Our last ESOP was 
expiring sometime January I guess. So, we came up with a new 
ESOP grant. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
So in the beginning of the year, as Dinesh mentioned, because the 
last policy was expiring, we have renewed our ESOP policy, and 
we have given the grants for about Rs. 90 crores. And the expense 
for that, that's how has started coming in Q1 and Q2. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shubham Jhawar of Dexter 
Capital. Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Shubham Jhawar: 
My first question was our ARPU of top 1% has now increased 
from Rs. 6 lakhs in FY21 to nearly Rs. 11 lakhs now, right? So, I 
wanted to understand this growth is fairly very nice over the 
years. How much of it is due to volume increase of RFQs and 
what percentage would be due to the price hikes that we have 
taken over the years? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So top 1% is mostly price hike, because it has nothing to do with 
volume. In FY2021, we had 147,000 customers. So top 1% would 
account for about 1,500 customers. Now that we have 220,000 
customers. So now top 1% is about 2,200 customers. So one is, 
50% growth is coming from that. 
 
But the ARPU growth, as you said, mostly from the price hike 
from the differential pricing that we have, and from the product 
that is you can target multiple cities and you can target multiple 
keywords. So, people have taken multiple keyboards and multiple 
cities. And some of it came from the medium enterprises and 
large enterprises also. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Shubham Jhawar: 
Got it. And sir, what is your sense on our ability to further 
increase this because over the years, it has increased quite 
decently. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Yeah, I guess on the enterprise side, it can increase quite a bit 
because of their ability to target and their ability to serve larger 
markets, especially in the high-value segments. If you go to our 
enterprise sections on different quarterly presentation, you will 
find different, different industries being focused here. 
 
And these kind of customers have the marketing budgets running 
into crores as well as the ability to serve a larger customer base 
because of their dealer distribution network or because of their 
distribution ability. So, I guess there is a lot more possible. 
Probably we are yet to learn how to do that better from the 
product market fit side also and from the sales and servicing point 
of view also. 
 
So you can see different, if you go to this section on IndiaMART 
and About-us, you will find multiple such industries where there 
are large customers. And then comes the medium size of the 
customers because now as per MSME definition, the medium size 
of the customer is Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 500 crores. 
 
Shubham Jhawar: 
Got it. And my second question was our marketing and selling 
cost is Rs. 60 crores this quarter. How do we see that going 
forward? Like what percentage are you expecting it to increase? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
So, it should remain same as a percentage of revenue. As we have 
said that we have done the performance marketing of Rs. 6 crores, 
and there's a budget of Rs. 10 crores. So, we'll see that how we 
optimise it and that may increase. So that may have a change of 
another 1%. Otherwise, it should remain the same. 
 
Shubham Jhawar: 
So basically around 16% to 18% of revenues is what our selling 
and marketing costs would be, right? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Yeah, correct. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Also if you see, before COVID it was 19%, during COVID let's 
forget about it and then when we started building up again, it went 
as high as 20%. That was FY2023 because we suddenly hired so 
many people. But then typically, hovered at 19% pre-COVID and 
17-18% otherwise. Last year, we were trying to see how to work 
on the churn numbers before adding the gross. But as per this 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
average and as per the normal increase, I think 17%, 18% is fair 
to assume. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So we have a question from the chat menu, the question is from 
Mr. Aman Thadani. Net adds have remained in the 1,000 to 2,000 
range for several quarters as we intentionally slowed gross 
additions to fix churn. Understood and aligned here. Question is, 
given that the silver funnel is weak and there is 1% natural churn 
per month in platinum and gold, at what point will the customer 
count in platinum and gold start shrinking? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
At 1% churn because typically, there is a natural flow coming 
from silver and gold to the platinum side. So, I don't see that 
shrinking. But yes, when the silver customer growth remains 
muted, platinum would be the last to start shrinking. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
I was trying to understand is that with all this long, enduring 
process that we have gone through in terms of optimising various 
aspects of the business to ensure the subscriber addition aspect of 
it and meanwhile, scaling up on the ARPU on the existing base. 
 
So, with this learning, your thought process in terms of what is 
the right scalability in terms of the subscriber and your thought 
process is what is the ideal ARPU in this business? Has that 
changed in the last three years, the thought process that this is a 
far less volume game, but more an ARPU game? Or you think the 
opportunity remains the same? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
For both side, if you go to the customer pyramid slide, you will 
see that both the aspects of the business, while the silver base, 
whether it is monthly or annual, they bring bulk of the customer 
and they bring the pipeline to the gold and platinum. 
 
But if see you the platinum customer base, which is just the top 
10-15%, that accounts for 50-60%. And I am giving you gold plus 
platinum data that gold plus platinum put together is 50% of the 
customer base accounting for 75% of the revenue. So effectively, 
the rest 75% of the customer base is actually counting for the low 
ARPU base. So, it is not either-or game. You have to work on 
both sides, one for the leadership, the other for the monetisation 
and profitability. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. And with this thing, what looks like a best-case three-year 
scenario for us from a going forward perspective from, I know 
you don't go for a guidance at this point, but maybe a longer 
period goal, which you could set because you would assume a lot 
of this thing would get rectified over the next few quarters? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Yeah. I mean we'll continue to work as soon as we have better 
grip on the situation, we'll start giving guidance. But then, 
currently, on best effort basis we continue to deliver what is 
delivered. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
And what should be the sustainable ARPU potential on the 
current base?  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
I can talk about the historical ARPU. So, historically, ARPU has 
grown from 32,000 in FY2017 to pre-COVID about 42,000 
immediately post COVID, in as early as FY2024 was 53,000 and 
now running at 60-65,000. So, I guess ARPU has grown at 7-8% 
CAGR over the last many, many years. And we think that kind of 
an ARPU growth should typically be possible, 6-8% of the ARPU 
growth should be typically possible. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Right, so 6% to 8% when you talk about the long average, it is 
period when you have good net addition also, which is actually 
dilutive to your ARPU.  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
But there have been periods, for example, FY2021 and FY2022, 
the entire two years, we didn't have any net addition. And 
similarly, FY2024-25, we didn't have much of net addition. So, 
this is a very long-term, which includes all kinds of cycles. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Saurabh Savla of Multi-Act. 
Please unmute yourself and go ahead with the question. 
 
Saurabh Savla: 
So I had a bookkeeping question with respect to our general and 
admin expense in the functional P&L that has sequentially 
increased by around Rs. 20 odd crores from Rs. 25 crores to Rs. 
44 crores. So, is there any one-off in that, and what kind of 
sustainable number would be for this expense? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
So thanks for your question. So, you're right, there is a one-off of 
fair valuation loss which we have taken on one of our investment 
this time for about Rs. 16 crores. That is why that is looking 
swelled. Other than that, there is no reason to believe that should 
increase from the normal number which we have been reporting. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Saurabh Savla: 
Okay. So, in the reported financials, it would be part of your other 
income, right? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Not other income, it will be under expenses on here above 
EBITDA. 
 
Saurabh Savla: 
And also other income has declined sequentially Q-o-Q in the 
reported results. So, what is the reason for that? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
So just before that, while that G&A number includes one-off in 
the stand-alone, in the consolidated numbers, if you see there will 
not be an impact of that because on a monthly and quarterly basis, 
we take the share in loss and profit for all our investments. 
 
Coming to your point of other income, as I explained in the 
beginning, so in this quarter, there is a mark-to-market losses on 
our treasury portfolio because the bond yields had increased. That 
is why you're seeing dip in the Other income. But the way to look 
at this is, usually on a little longer basis, if you see on a yearly 
basis on a half yearly basis, that should stay in the range of the 
yield of like 6.5-7.5% of actual treasury income what we do. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We have a question from the chat menu. The question is from 
Amrish Kacker. Busy has added 12,000 licenses in each of the 
last two quarters versus 8,000 per quarter previously. How should 
we think about the longer-term growth in licenses as our 
investments begin to pay off? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
So in terms of the licenses being sold, as I have mentioned earlier, 
the improvement on the new activations has been consistently 
happening. We expect that this momentum should continue. 
However, we should factor in that in the accounting software 
business, Q4 and Q1 generally would see a higher demand for 
accounting software, because at that time, people find it 
convenient to change their accounting software, whereas Q2, Q3 
generally tend to be a little subdued. So therefore, even going 
forward, we think that we would be in line with the kind of 
growth we've been seeing over the last couple of years in terms of 
new activation that is how I would try to put it here. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary of Nuvama. 
Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Just want clarity on a couple of questions. First on the price 
increase of Rs. 4,000, especially for silver monthly. Did we saw 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
some slowdown in silver subscriber addition after the price 
increase? Or was it at normalised level? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Of course, yeah, because once we announced the price, we 
announced ahead of the time. So, we got some of the sales which 
were the proposals were already sent. We got some of the sales at 
previous price and probably this particular price could have some 
impact on the gross additions in the next one or two quarters. But 
I don't see that to be a major change beyond one or two quarters. 
So, there would be a slight dip, but I would say that it is worth the 
increase in price. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. Second, just want some clarity on your comment that we 
saw some improvement on ROI of the marketing spend compared 
to last quarter. Can you quantify what were the improvements we 
saw in this quarter versus last quarter? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So, if you see the unique business enquiries, on the similar spend 
in the last quarter, we got 29 million enquiries. On the similar 
spend, we got 31 million unique business enquiries in this quarter. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Okay. But it could be organic as well, right? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Yes. That's why I'm saying you can assume 50% organic and 50% 
driven by the advertising effort. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shivam Gupta of DT Fund. 
Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Shivam Gupta: 
Good evening. Just had a couple of questions. So first one was 
that when we're attacking a churn problem. And in a way, if I 
zone out, it's more like we are trying different interventions and 
experiments to see what works. From your perspective, isn't AI a 
big, and the way AI is coming through, isn't that a big lever for 
you to actually accelerate the number of experiments and the 
velocity of them to actually shrink the time from henceforth to 
solve this problem? Just your view on this. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
I think two, three things that comes immediately and as early as 
last month, we had a complete AI full day meet with the Board. 
So, there are three things that we have found apart from what I 
have been talking and what you can see in my annual reports that 
other AI initiatives that I've been talking. 
 
One, clearly emerging in the call automation or AI-based voice 
bots. They have become as good as humans in terms of sounding 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
natural and understanding the other parties' voice. With the AI, 
with the tooling, with the context engineering, I think they can 
surpass humans in less than one year in terms of their ability to 
handle complex queries and their ability to answer complex query 
and also fix the problems. 
 
So, I think we are working very quickly, as we speak, our AI bots 
could be handling as high as 1 lakh calls per day by the beginning 
of the 1st of January. So, they are already doing almost 10,000, 
20,000 calls per day. 
 
The second part is, this whole voice part has two things. One is 
the voice bot where they can talk. The second is the call analytics. 
And there is a huge amount of calling between the customer and 
between us that happens and between the buyer and supplier that 
happens and between the buyer and us that happens. So, all that 
entire triangle, almost like 3 crore calls per month happens. And 
that's a black box because you can always say that we can do 
audit, you can listen to the calls, but it's almost impossible to 
listen to millions of the calls and make the sense out of it. So, I 
think we are working on that direction to improve that, so that's 
on the call side. 
 
Now coming to the cataloguing improvement, categorisation 
improvement and categorisation expertise, a lot of these call 
analytics will come handy and pdf analysis will come handy to 
improve these items where it can dramatically improve the 
cataloguing and discovery and those kind of things, the things that 
we have built harder over many, many years. So, I think that has 
become easier. That also lowers the entry barrier for others. But at 
the same time, it gives a lot more advantage to a player like us. 
So, you are right, these three things should help. And many more 
will emerge in times to come. I hope that answers your question. 
 
Shivam Gupta: 
That was helpful. And the second question was that you did 
mention about the pollution from the bots in the incoming traffic. 
Related to that is that does that also pose a worry from a 
perspective of data being scraped and poached and, in a way, kind 
of dilute the moat that the platform has? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Yeah. So, there are 2-3-4 kinds of data. Some data is just the 
name address, some of the data is phone number and e-mail and 
some of the data is the catalogue. That's one part of this, which is 
the data-data. So, phone and e-mail we don't provide anywhere on 
the web. So hard to scrap. But yes, from other sources, one can 
always get something. 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
The second part of the network effect or the barrier to entry is the 
insight that we have on which supplier likes what. Despite the fact 
that he has displayed a lot more products, but what he likes to 
deal in with which categories he deals most and which categories 
which cities he deals most, what kind of quantities and what kind 
of price points he deals most. That information is nowhere 
scrapable or available to any bot or any AI agent. 
 
The third part is the paying customer service that we have built, 
which has brought the buyer and supplier both creating a network 
effect where there are 30 million unique business enquiries every 
quarter, that's about 10 million business enquiries every month. 
And also similarly, there are about 200,000 paying customers. So 
these are the three moats. Out of that, the only first one, I mean, 
that was always scrapable anyway. The scrapping has become 
easier, but it was always scrapable. 
 
Shivam Gupta: 
Got it. And my last question would be that, from my 
understanding, there is a lot of value in the platform when it 
comes to somebody searching for a long tail of goods or products 
that they use in their own supply chains. But over the years, have 
you seen the platform becoming a larger part of the user supply 
chains? And maybe if this answer you can give from a gold guy to 
a platinum guy that if you have any queues that IndiaMART 
sourced leads are becoming a larger part of their bill purchase or 
their supply chain operations. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Shivam, can you please elaborate? 
 
Shivam Gupta: 
So what I was trying to say is, let's say, there is a supplier, let's 
say, a platinum supplier who's consuming certain RFQs and he's, 
let's say, sourcing 10% of his incoming supply from IndiaMART. 
And over the years, as his ARPUs continues to pay you more, and 
there will be a natural growth in his business, which is allowing 
him to pay this. But also, is there a natural increase of wallet share 
in the fact that he's sourcing more of his supply chains from the 
IndiaMART's platform? Maybe I know you don't have exact data 
on this, but any heuristics if you have or any colour you could 
share? It's a relevance question that effectively I’m trying to ask 
for the gold and platinum tiers. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So typically, we found that people who are responsible for doing 
the sourcing versus the people who are responsible for doing the 
marketing or lead gen for the customers, even in very, very small 
businesses are very, very different set of people. The people who 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
October 17, 2025  
 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
work like a tele sales person or even a field sales person, there is a 
sales manager and then the factory manager or there is a 
procurement manager. And these are almost like two very 
different personalities, however, the owner does deal with both of 
the guys, but these are two different ones. So, it is hard for me to 
even decipher between the same company’s purchase person also. 
It is far easier for me to identify a purchase manager from an 
Indian Oil or from Reliance Industries or from Tata Motors 
because their e-mail ID clearly reveals that he is from Tata 
Motors. 
 
But from a small company, it is difficult, but I've taken your 
suggestion and we'll work on it. 
 
Moderator: 
This was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for his concluding remarks. 
Over to you sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our 
Q2FY26 conference call. We have tried to address your queries in 
the time available. But if you still have any questions, please feel 
free to contact with our Investor Relations team, and they'll be 
happy to arrange for any answers. 
 
Thank you very much. good evening, and have a very, very happy 
and safe Diwali. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of IndiaMART, we thank everyone for joining us on 
this webinar. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
 
 
 
 
Notes:  
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
