 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 
400051 
NSE Symbol: RISHABH 
To,
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
21st Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 543977 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Earnings Conference Call Transcript for Q2 – FY 2025-26. 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the copy of transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on November 17, 2025 
in respect of Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the Quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
For Rishabh Instruments Limited 
 
    
 
Ajinkya Joglekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A57272 
 
 
AJINKYA 
JOGLEKAR
Digitally signed by 
AJINKYA JOGLEKAR 
Date: 2025.11.21 
17:06:23 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Rishabh Instruments Limited Q2 & H1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on 17th November 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARENDRA GOLIYA – PROMOTER AND 
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN, RISHABH INSTRUMENTS 
LIMITED 
MR. DINESH MUSALEKAR – EXECUTIVE WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, RISHABH 
INSTRUMENTS LIMITED 
MR. VISHAL KULKARNI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
RISHABH INSTRUMENTS LIMITED 
MR. NISHANT DUDHORIA – ADDITIONAL GM 
STRATEGY, FINANCE AND PUBLIC RELATIONS 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Rishabh Instruments Limited Q2 and H1 FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements do not guarantee the future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Narendra Goliya - Promoter and Executive Chairman for 
his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining this Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call of 
Rishabh Instruments Limited. I am pleased to talk to you today from Nashik where the rainy 
season is over. We have a very nice chilly weather. I am sure all of you are having good weather. 
And pleased to announce that with me today, I have Dinesh Musalekar who is our Executive 
Whole-Time Director – CEO, Vishal Kulkarni - he is the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Nishant 
Dudhoria, he is the Additional GM (Strategy, Finance and PR) and we have representatives from 
SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
The Financial Results and Investor Presentation have been uploaded to the Stock Exchanges and 
company’s website. I am sure most of you have had an opportunity to review these documents 
and in light of what we will speak, you may want to ask some further clarification and we will 
be happy to give you this. 
I am pleased to report that our consolidated revenue grew by about 7.7% in Q2 FY '26 and 9.9% 
in H1 FY '26  on the year-on-year basis compared to the last year. This was supported by healthy 
order inflows, new product launches and an improved geographical mix. Our margins 
strengthened and profitability increased more than 5-fold which is a very good thing to report 
during the quarter and the half year driven by improved raw material sourcing, enhanced 
operational efficiencies and a more favorable product mix. Obviously, credit goes to the team 
who is working individually on all these things I mentioned. Raw material sourcing is a very big 
avenue and we have been successful in getting results out of that. And of course other operational 
efficiencies, automation, all that add up to what we are reporting in this call. 
The standalone, Rishabh India business grew by about 12.1% in the quarter. The business 
continues to gain strong traction in the international market resulting in a meaningful 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
improvement in both revenues and margins. We expect this momentum to remain sustainable, 
supported by strong export demand, deeper customer engagement and successful conversion of 
new opportunities with value-accretive margins which show the strength of our portfolio. 
Lumel SA continued to perform in line with expectations reporting strong sequential growth of 
33% in Q2 FY '26 over Q1 FY '26. The business remains well positioned for further 
improvement supported by ongoing product diversification, new customer additions and 
expansion into additional geographies. Lumel Alucast delivered 1% revenue growth in Q2 FY 
'26, while part of this increase was aided by favorable currency movements. Revenues in Polish 
Zloty reflected a planned 10.7% decline, aligned with our strategic decision to exist non-viable 
low-margin legacy contracts. Several of these contracts concluded during the quarter enabling 
us to streamline the portfolio. Consequently, we are working to backfill capacity with high-
quality and non-automotive business. Though the natural onboarding cycle in Aluminum Die 
Casting requires time, we remain confident of strengthening the business mix and improving 
profitability in the coming quarters. 
The broader Europe market continues to remain subdued as the region moves through a gradual 
recovery, demand remains soft across industrial automation and power infrastructure, and 
government priorities have shifted towards defence spending, creating temporary constraints in 
some of our key sectors. However, the situation is significantly more stable compared to last 
year as energy costs have moderated, supply chains are normalizing, and customer decision-
making cycles are improving. Though it sounds imperative to say that the situation is turning 
good, some encouraging signs of a more resilient medium-to-long-term recovery does not look 
far-fetched. Our major strategic focus continues to remain on the new product pipeline. Over the 
past few quarters, our teams across all group companies have been working in close coordination 
to accelerate our innovation pipeline. Along with product development, geographical expansion 
remains our second major pillar. We have been steadily positioning ourselves into new markets 
where Rishabh and Lumel brand previously had limited or no presence. Early traction has been 
encouraging and several geographies are showing strong demand visibility. 
Lastly, I want to reiterate our deep confidence in Rishabh's long-term growth trajectory. We 
continuously remain focused on operational excellence, product diversification, and expanding 
our presence in new geographies like Middle East, US, and Southeast Asia to ensure sustainable 
and profitable growth. US obviously has been a challenge for everyone, likewise for Rishabh, 
but we have found out a solution between our customers and our office in the US on how to 
address the issues which Trump has created over the last couple of months. We have been in this 
industry for decades and while business cycles come and go, we have consistently emerged 
stronger, more resilient and better positioned. Despite the external changes, we remain firmly 
committed to our guidance for the year and deliver consistent sustainable value to all our 
stakeholders. I hope I have given you correct position of where we are and I will now hand over 
the mic to Dinesh Musalekar for his opening remarks. Over to you, Dinesh. Please carry on. 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Thank you very much, sir, for that very remarkable opening note. And good evening or rather 
good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am pleased to share that we have had a strong start to 
the year and have sustained this momentum into the current quarter. As Mr. Narendra Goliya 
said, our consolidated revenue grew by 7.7% for the quarter and 9.9% for the half year on a year-
on-year basis, supported by healthy order inflow, new product launches and expanded 
geographical mix. 
Apart from the topline, our EBITDA for H1 FY '26 stood at Rs. 61.8 crores, which is almost 
close to what we had done in the complete Financial Year last year. This is in line with our 
guidance provided at the beginning of the year and we remain confident of achieving a full-year 
target of Rs. 100 crores in terms of EBITDA. The performance of H1 FY '26 provides a solid 
run rate and reinforces our outlook for the remainder of the year. 
Our standalone business delivered a strong performance with revenues increasing by 12.1%, as 
you heard, during the quarter and 14.6% during the first half of the year, on a year-on-year basis. 
This growth was driven primarily by robust export demand that we had, deeper customer 
engagements, and successful conversions of some of the new opportunities which we were 
working in the last quarter. The standalone margin expanded significantly to 26.1% in Q2 FY 
'26, a year-on-year improvement of 950 basis points. This strong performance was supported by 
improved raw material sourcing, which we talked earlier, enhanced operational efficiencies, 
disciplined cost management, and favorable product mix, and benefits of operating leverage. So, 
it is not just one or two reasons. We have been firing in all the barrels to get this really significant 
EBITDA level of 26.1% after first half of the year. The standalone EBITDA margins have 
strengthened steadily over the past 6 quarters, from as low as 11.5% in Q1 FY '25 to 26.1% in 
Q2 FY '26, driven by the above combination and continued to support margin resilience to 
reinforce our long-term profitable outlook. 
We also remain very optimistic that this momentum will continue throughout the remainder of 
the year. And in Lumel SA business, performance is in line with our expectations, showcasing 
a solid quarter-to-quarter sequential recovery. So, if you remember Q1 of this year, Lumel SA, 
we had some drop in sales compared to the last year, but we are confident about our order 
pipeline and we have grown our revenues by 33.6% in Q2 FY '26 over Q1 FY '26, reflecting a 
robust and progressive growth. On a year-on-year basis, the revenue grew by 10.4%. We remain 
strongly positioned for further progress, supported by a broader product portfolio, a growing 
customer base, along with entry into new geographies. The business continues to demonstrate 
healthy profitability with EBITDA margins at 24.4% in Q2 FY '26. So, in short, Rishabh is 
delivering around 26% and Lumel SA, which is our second-biggest electronics pillar, is also 
delivering us at 24.4% EBITDA level. 
In our assessment, European markets continue to experience sustained pressure, particularly in 
electronic automation and power-related segments, as government priorities have shifted 
towards defence spending in the recent quarters. Limited public investment in infrastructure 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
upgrades and automation has further muted industrial demand, resulting in deferred capital 
expenditure across automation segments. To mitigate these headwinds, we are intensifying our 
focus on faster-growing markets in Middle East, Southeast Asia, America, where demand 
conditions remain more favorable and offer stronger growth viability. This I am talking for 
Lumel SA, where we are focusing on exporting the products which are manufactured in Lumel 
SA in Europe to other geographies other than Europe. 
Moving on to the high-pressure die-casting business at Lumel Alucast, this segment reported a 
year-on-year revenue increase of 1% in Indian rupees for the quarter. In terms of its home 
currency, which is Polish Zloty, revenue declined by 10.7% in Q2 FY '26 and 4.3% in H1 FY 
'26, in line with our internal expectations. This decline was a direct result of our strategic 
decision to phase out large loss-making legacy contracts that did not meet our margin thresholds. 
The exit was deliberate, disciplined, and fully aligned with the roadmap communicated to you 
earlier. On the profitability front, the improvement has been encouraging. Adjusted EBITDA for 
H1 FY '26 increased to Rs. 78 million compared with a loss of Rs. 128 million in the previous 
year, reflecting a structural benefit of eliminating non-viable business, tighter cost controls, and 
enhanced operational efficiencies. Q2 FY '26 adjusted EBITDA remained broadly stable, 
consistent with the expectations given the ongoing transition in this business mix. 
Further, the planned phase-out of loss-making contracts will temporarily weigh on revenues in 
the coming quarters, which we have told you repeatedly and Q3-Q4 may reflect some losses, 
consistent again with our guidance which we had given earlier. This vacant fungible capacity 
release due to the exit of legacy contracts is being effectively redeployed towards healthier, 
profitable automotive and some non-automotive higher-value opportunities. This is what the 
work in progress now. This transition is progressing well, supported by advanced discussions 
with global customers and over 50 RFQs are already submitted in the last quarter. As the nature 
of this industry involves qualification, commercial alignment with global OEMs follows a multi-
stage process, and therefore entry cycles require time from confirmation to delivery. But 
nevertheless, with strong and improving pipeline, we expect EBITDA margins to remain a small 
positive this year for this business, and business will encapsulate Lumel Alucast for stronger and 
more sustainable Financial Year 2027. 
Moving on to the segment-wise performance, the EEI, Electrical and Electronic Instrumentation, 
which we started reporting to you from a few quarters ago, this business has delivered 10.8% 
growth year-on-year in Q2, with adjusted EBITDA margin exceeding 25%. As I told you before, 
Lumel SA and Rishabh are two big pillars, and both of them are around 25%, reflecting the 
strength of our product portfolio, improved product mix, and continued operational efficiencies. 
With sustained momentum from new product launches, the expanding geographical coverage, 
we remain confident of achieving about 12%-15% topline growth in this electronics business by 
end of this year. 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Further, on High-Pressure Die-Casting segment, our business is undergoing planned transition, 
and we are working aggressively to drive new business. We remain confident that the 
opportunities currently under negotiation will progressively fill the vacated capacity. The ramp-
up of these high-margin contracts will also take place in the coming quarters. But the trajectory 
of pipeline quality and customer engagement level, all of them remain distinctly very positive 
for the coming quarters. From an overall group stance, we continue to drive efficiency 
enhancement across manufacturing locations, from procurement initiatives to cost and 
manpower optimization. We are consistently working on to improve margins along with 
productivity gains. For example, the product lead times, which were for 2-3 months, have been 
reduced to about 2-3 weeks now in the last few quarters, driven by tighter planning and enhanced 
production workflow. Inventory days and quarterly quality-related costs also have declined 
substantially in all our operations, contributing to margin stability. So, that is where you can see 
that the margins, which we have been increasing, particularly in our electronics business, have 
been sustainable. 
On the expansion, CAPEX in India is developing well with construction of two new 5 and 7-
storied buildings. 50% of this work is executed now, which are expected to be completed by mid 
of next year. Upon completion of these facilities, we will effectively double our production 
capacity, enabling us to meet rising export demands and support stronger growth trajectory of 
our Indian operations also.  We are also pleased to report reassuring progress in our solar 
business. Our recently launched single-phase inverter received an exceptional response at a 
major industry exhibition. This is the first exhibition where this product was displayed into the 
industry, generating a very healthier pipeline and in the exhibition stall itself, we were able to 
book close to 1,000 orders there. So, it was really very well accepted by the industry and we will 
be building our capacity and also take more of this product in the future. The earlier traction 
reinforces strong potential for this segment and validate our strategic investment in the 
renewable energy space. 
And also on our R&D front, the teams are working progressively as we said that we have 5-year 
product development plan and out of which the energy meters which are used in Europe, which 
are called as MID meters, they have all been launched. And there is a lot of order booking which 
is going to happen from European customers for this. And apart from that, medium voltage 
segment also, we are coming up with a lot of new products which will be launched very soon in 
the next Financial Year. Apart from this, our China operations also is on the verge of launching 
5 new products which will also increase their portfolio around the globe. Overall, this has been 
a quarter marked by disciplined execution and meaningful strategic progress across the 
organization. Despite global uncertainties, we continue to deliver steady growth, strong margins, 
and improved profitability, underscoring the resilience of our business model and the strength 
of our teams. More importantly, we remain fully committed. The guidelines provided for the 
year, the visibility we have on the order book, cost efficiencies, operating leverages, and 
evolving opportunities in newer geographies of Middle East, US, and Africa give us a strong 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
confidence in achieving our stated targets, which were to achieve about Rs. 100 crores of 
EBITDA by end of the Financial Year. 
As always, I also want to take this opportunity to extend my sincere appreciation to all our 
employees around the globe and our customers, partners, and you guys, shareholders for your 
continued trust and support. We look forward for delivering a stronger and promising 
performance ahead. 
With this note, I would now like to hand over the mic to Vishal Kulkarni, our CFO, to discuss 
the group's financial performance in detail. Over to you, Vishal. 
Vishal Kulkarni: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you for the detailed overview. Good evening, all. 
Let me just give a brief snapshot on the financial performances: 
During Quarter 2 of Financial Year ‘26, standalone revenue stood at Rs. 660 million compared 
to Rs. 589 million in the same quarter last year, which has delivered a 12.1% year-on-year 
growth. For half year Financial Year, revenue came in at Rs. 1,278 million, reflecting a 14.6% 
year-on-year increase over H1 of last year. 
The company reported a strong improvement in profitability. EBITDA for Quarter  second 
quarter FY '26 was Rs. 172 million, rising by 90.9% year-on-year, with EBITDA margin at 
26.1%. This has 1,075 bps higher than Quarter 2 of FY '25. For H1 FY '26, the EBITDA was 
Rs. 315 million, a growth of 108.8% year-on-year, with margins at 24.6% compared to 13.5% 
in the previous period. The PAT for the Quarter 2 FY '26 stood at Rs. 126 million, which has 
grown by 85.4% year-on-year, while the PAT for half year FY '26 was Rs. 225 million, 
registering a year-on-year growth of 113.9%. The standalone EBITDA margins have been 
improving steadily from the past 5-6 quarters due to enhanced operational discipline, improved 
mix, efficient procurement, and the benefits of operating leverage, all contributing to stronger 
and more sustainable profitability. 
Now, the consolidated performance for Quarter 2 FY '26: 
The revenue stood at Rs. 1,963 million, delivering a 7.7% year-on-year growth. For H1 FY '26, 
the revenue amounted to Rs. 3,867 million, reflecting a 9.9% year-on-year increase over the 
previous year. The EBITDA for Quarter 2 FY '26 was Rs. 334 million, marking a 220% year-
on-year growth, with EBITDA margin at 17%, 1,129 basis points higher than 5.7% in Quarter 2 
of FY '25. For H1 FY '26, EBITDA stood at Rs. 618 million, up by 244% year-on-year, with 
margins improving to 16% from 5.1% year-on-year. The profit after tax for Quarter 2 of FY '26 
came in at Rs. 221 million, which has increased by 475% year-on-year, while PAT for H1 FY 
'26 was Rs. 417 million, a substantial 492% growth year-on-year. The consolidated EBITDA 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
margins have continued to strengthen, supported by the successful turnaround of the HPDC 
business at Lumel Alucast and growing contribution from the high margin EEI segment. 
Now, I will give you the company wise performance: 
Our Polish entity Lumel SA has delivered a steady performance during the quarter and first half 
of the year. The Quarter 2 FY '26 revenue stood at Rs. 615 million, reflecting a 10.4% year-on-
year increase, while H1 FY '26 revenue was Rs. 1,072 million, showing a modest 1.6% year-on-
year growth. The EBITDA for Quarter 2 FY '26 was Rs. 150 million, which has up by 33.4% 
year-on-year, and for H1 FY '26, the EBITDA stood at Rs. 203 million, registering a 3.3% year-
on-year growth. The EBITDA margins expanded to 24.4% in Quarter 2, as an improvement of 
421 basis points, while margins for H1 FY '26 were 19%, which is higher by 30 basis points on 
a year-on-year basis. The PAT for Q2 FY '26 was Rs. 113 million, up by 41.9% year-on-year, 
and for H1 FY '26, PAT stood at Rs. 150 million, reflecting a 3.7% year-on-year growth. 
For Lumel Alucast, the revenue for Quarter 2 FY '26 stood at Rs. 590 million, reflecting a modest 
1% year-on-year growth. For H1 FY '26, revenue was Rs. 1,349 million, which has grown by 
5.6% year-on-year. The EBITDA loss for the quarter narrowed to INR 1 million, from a loss of 
Rs. 82 million in the same period last year. For H1 FY '26, adjusted EBITDA turned positive to 
Rs. 78 million, compared to a loss of Rs. 128 million last year, with adjusted EBITDA margins 
at 5.8% for the half year. The PAT for Quarter 2 FY '26 remained negative at INR 21 million, 
compared to a loss of INR 99 million last year. For H1 FY '26, PAT stood positive at Rs. 41 
million, a strong improvement from the loss of Rs. 139 million in H1 FY '25. On the consolidated 
level, we remain net debt-free with a strong balance sheet. The net cash and cash equivalents as 
on 30th September 2025 stand at Rs. 121 crores. A healthy cash flow from operations is Rs. 626 
million as of 30th September 2025. 
With this, I shall now leave the floor open for questions and answers. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kiran from Table Tree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kiran: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations, sir, on a great set of results. Awesome 
turnaround from what we had in the first half of last year, so kudos to you and your team. Sir, I 
had a couple of questions. One, Lumel SA and other electronics components and everything 
else, in H1, we grew about 7% to a total of Rs. 124 crores. Do you expect a similar run rate for 
the second half as well? Or do we see a slowdown given the Euro slowdown and everything 
else? So, Rs. 124 crores, could it repeat in H2 as well? 
Dinesh Musalekar : 
You are talking about Lumel SA? 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Kiran: 
Yes, sir. Lumel SA and the other electronics. Basically, the way that I got it is India is about Rs. 
128 crores for H1. Lumel SA and other geographies is Rs. 124 crores. Alu Die Cast is Rs. 134 
crores for H1. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Lumel SA, you are absolutely right. The European market is stressed and there is a slowdown 
and all those things. So, we have pretty good confidence of delivering similar numbers for H2 
also. We tell that because of a few reasons. Number one is, you remember that last year, we 
declared that there's a Rs. 50 crore order which we picked up from German market, which is 
under execution and part of this business in Q2 is also coming from there and that will be there 
for, the supply and it will be there until the end of this Financial Year and also until December 
2026. And then of course, there will be tender again, we may win, we may not win. So, that is a 
separate thing because our customer has to win the order and then we can get. So, there is a big 
base of that. That is number one. Number two is, as I was mentioning in our presentation or the 
speech, so what we are doing is we are focusing on Lumel SA business, which was like about 
40%-50% was in Poland and about 30%-40% was in rest of the Europe and only about 10% was 
outside of the European border. So, our engagement in Middle East market, Southeast Asia, 
India also, Lumel products also can be sold in India and then US market. This is something 
which we are working on extensively. So, I personally also had traveled to all these regions to 
look at opportunities for all our companies, products in every market. So, we have kind of created 
a matrix, which products we are doing good in which region and which company product we are 
not doing good and we also have a presence there. So, we will be leveraging all of that and in a 
kind of a matrix sales network, this is all happening now. So, Lumel SA businesses will expand 
more in the Middle East, America and Southeast Asia. So, that should be there. So, I don't have 
any doubt on Lumel SA numbers, but it is not going to be easy, but we have our plans in place 
and we will get close to what we have delivered in H1. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Just to add to what Dinesh said, we have got many distributed customers. Unlike the Aluminum 
business, where it is focused with 6-7 or maybe 7-8 major customers, the electrical business, 
both in Lumel and in Rishabh is very well spread out. So, although there are a few big orders 
like Dinesh mentioned about this European order, but otherwise the business is very distributed. 
And therefore, even if 1, 2, 3 does not get delivered or does not pick up, what they have done in 
the last half year, somebody else does that. So, I really see no reason why to doubt the second 
half. And that is also been, in fact, the last quarter is usually very good. The last quarter means 
the 3rd quarter will be good for Lumel because that is the year and normally December and the 
4th quarter is good for India because our year ends in March. So, that also helps us a little, but 
otherwise the product, the distribution, the new product that we have introduced, all these adds 
up and we should be able to repeat the performance of the first half of the year, if not improve 
on that. Thanks. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, absolutely. The diversification is on the geographies, on the products also, on the industries 
also. So, it gives us a lot of buffer, I would say. So, if one geography, one product group is not 
doing, so we can pitch on the other one. So, this is absolutely true. 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Kiran: 
Perfect. Wonderful to hear, sir. Second question, sir. Margins have dramatically improved both 
in the electronics business. Of course, Die Cast has its own challenges, so I will not ask about 
Die Cast, but the electronics business, both in the India space and the Lumel space, India space, 
we delivered in the H1, 24% EBITDA margin. In Lumel, let us say, we delivered 19%, which is 
probably, the 24%, I don't think we have ever achieved since listing, in terms of margins for the 
year. So, what led to these margins? One is raw material procurement that you said in the opening 
remarks, is it product mix? And the follow-up question essentially is, is this margin sustainable, 
or this is like a one-off big order, high margin order, and we revert back to the 20% both on India 
and Europe business? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, I will answer that. First to answer it in short, yes, it is sustainable, because this is not just 
come out of something, it was systematically planned over last 1 year, particularly in Rishabh. 
So, the whole procurement has been challenged, and we have taken out about 4%-5% cost out 
of procurement cost. So, this is for good and sustainable. Second thing is, on the manufacturing 
and operation side, the whole reorganization has been changed, and we have taken some labor 
cost and in fact, I would rather say that we did not add additional labor for supporting the growth. 
So, that is one systematic system improvement, which is done. And it also reflects from our 
inventory levels, which had shot up to about 6-7 months to 3-4 months now. So, this is again, 
and then on-time deliveries have improved from 3 to some of the product lines we had about 3 
months, and they have all fallen to about 2-3 years. So, there has been an organizational change, 
which has taken place. The systems have been introduced. We are more leaner than what we 
were before. Quality costs have gone down. So, many things are there, and there is still a lot to 
be done. So, these numbers which you see from Rishabh is sustainable. This is one part of it on 
the operation side. 
Second part is, of course, our sales of some of the high-margin products have been bigger. Like 
we had, for example, we supply Pronotech, one of our customers in Spain, which has got high 
margin, and we had a bigger mix of that export going from Rishabh. So, that helps a lot. And 
then we also did not sell too much of EMS and also solar businesses in the first H1, because we 
are working on optimizing the cost, which has been done. So, we leveraged those in the coming 
years. But all said and done, so anywhere between 20%-22% is sustainable. Beyond that, we 
will depend on some of the product mix and other things, where we don't have too much of a 
leverage. So, I would put that margin enhancement coming from two aspects. One is what is 
internal, where we have control. Second one is external, where it depends more on the market. 
Internal things are cost of procurement, our cost of manufacturing basically, operational 
efficiency, and all those things which I spoke. This is all done, and it is done for good, and it 
keeps on improving. Second thing is the product mix. This is more coming from the market 
dynamics, etc. So, it has some leverage. So, I think overall, 20% give and take is sustainable for 
electronic business. This argument is absolutely true for both Lumel SA and Rishabh Electronics 
business. 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Kiran: 
Perfect. That was a very elaborate answer. Thank you so much for that. My last clarifying 
question, sir, we have grown in the EEI business, both put together like you classify. H1, we 
grew about 17%. In your opening remarks, you said anywhere between 12%-15%. H2, do we 
see a slowdown, or we continue to maintain a similar run rate and we will end up at 17%? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, I think we want to be a little conservative in saying that. So, we want to have a similar run 
rate about on the topline, 15%-17% is what we are looking at. So, as we said that, topline is more 
based on our external conditions also, like for example, US market, last year, we did $2 million 
there. So, we were targeting for $4 million. So, it will be 3 million, still a 50% growth, but we 
had to readjust it. So, there are some things which come up like that, because of tariff issues, etc. 
So, as Mr. Goliya spoke in his remarks, we have ensured that we have a strategy put in place to 
take care of those kinds of things. So, overall, I would say around 15% is what you can really 
consider. Domestic business in India also, we have had some of the tenders and projects which 
are more seasonal, are shifting from one quarter to another. So, I think we should be around 
15%. 
Kiran: 
Got it. Thank you so much. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Giri from Shubh Labh Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Prateek Giri: 
Hi, everyone. Greetings. Dineshji, good set this quarter, I have one question on growth, which 
probably you have already alluded to. My other two questions are on CAPEX. Dineshji, we have 
been seeing this fund utilization dragging in our quarterly results for probably past 4-5 quarters. 
To me, it seems that there has been some delay in the capital expenditure, which we have been 
doing in enhancing the capacities. So, can you understand, is it going as per the plan? Have we 
planned this to drag upon us for so long or how is it happening there, Mr. Dineshji? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, so there were about Rs. 70 crores of IPO proceeds, which were for capacity expansion, 
around  Rs.15 -Rs.16 croreswere approximately, I am telling for corporate utilization, which 
have all been utilized. And then there was about close to about Rs. 55-Rs. 60 crores for the 
building construction. So, those buildings, both of them are in Nashik. One is in Satpur F1, where 
we have our current manufacturing. The other one is at a place which we call as Trishala, which 
are about 2 kilometers apart from there. Both these buildings have been constructed more than 
50% now. And these buildings are expected to be finished by March-April 2026. So, we are at 
the stage of casting the last tab and inside work is also going on, lifts are being ordered. So, this 
is all going as per schedule plan. So, to build a construction like that, 1 year is what is minimum 
needed. And we are doing it in one year's time. And after this is done, then to make these 
buildings operational, we may take a few more months. So, in short, to tell that out of that Rs. 
60 crores, which is there, more than 50%-55% of that approximately it is already utilized. And 
the remaining will be utilized, most part of it will be utilized by end of this financial year. Some 
may skid to next financial year. So, this is all going as per plan. And anybody is welcome to 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
come and visit Nashik and see those things. Maybe in the next presentation, we can put the 
photos of those building status also, if we can give some more details on that. So, that is all going 
as per the plan. There is absolutely no delay or nothing on that. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Just to add to what Dinesh said, see the starting of the buildings takes a lot of time. One is the 
planning and one is the approval from MIDC. MIDC approves all the plans. And India being 
India, lot of bureaucratic thing happens. And we did not want to start the building without getting 
the plan approval. Unnecessary, then we could have some problems. So, that really took time. 
What you say is right that you are hearing this for the last 5-6 quarters, but the real work has 
happened in let me say, 7-8 months, where the RCC, the RCC is complete for both the buildings, 
tiling is complete, some windows have been put. So, a lot of work has been done, but still there 
is cranes to be put in the place, lifts are to be installed. Some more work has to be done in the 
building, and then shifting all the production and making sure that all the areas are available. So, 
as Dinesh said, most of the work will be done in this year. But the real value of the construction 
and the added capacity and all that will only come in FY '27. 
Prateek Giri: 
Understood. I am glad you agreed to the point that probably, the IPO happened in September of 
2023, if I am not wrong. And it is already 2 years since we have raised money. So, definitely 
there is some delay, but I totally get your point that this is because of the reasons out of our 
control. Dineshji, my second question is on the newer pursuits which we have been taking for 
the last 2 years. Actually, this question revolves around growth only. Because if you see last 4-
5 quarters, we have been at the run rate of Rs. 110, Rs. 120, Rs. 130 crore per quarter. Last 4-5 
years, definitely the growth CAGR has been good, but for past 4-5 quarters, it has been little 
subdued. So, if you can help us understand, when will the efforts start giving us fruits because 
solar business also, if I see probably the revenue has not picked up materially as it is missing 
from the PPT. So, if you can help us understand, how do you look at it? 
Narendra Goliya: 
Are you talking specifically about Rishabh Instruments in India, or are you talking for the whole 
group? Just clarify your question. 
Prateek Giri: 
Goliyaji, I am talking about our electronics business per se, consolidated electronics business? 
Narendra Goliya: 
Yes. So, electronics business last quarter was really challenging for Lumel SA and then reflects 
in the whole this thing. But this year, we have got away from it. Solar business, correctly you 
have stated that we had real challenges. China is flooding the Indian market. We were not cost 
competitive because our technology was from Europe. We had to redo the whole technology. In 
fact, if any of you are interested, I would really invite you to come and see the work which is 
done. The whole thing has been made in an Aluminium casing, which is very good for heat 
dissipation, which is very good for cost control, and it is very good for low failure rates. Now 
all that work has been done up to about 20 kilowatt and the above work is still to be done. So, 
that is what Dinesh said. We have booked orders for about 1000 pieces up to 20 kilowatt. You 
will see the results. It is delayed. First thing, I accept your observation that solar has not taken 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
off the way we had thought. We had thought that in 2-3 year’ time, we would have substantial 
growth in the solar business. But we had to take this thing forward. And this is, I think I told you 
in one of the earlier conference calls, in every product that we develop, we face headwinds, we 
face challenges, we face competition. Only thing is we learn from what we are doing and then 
quickly try to solve that exactly what we are doing in the solar business. That we had a lot of 
challenges from the Chinese people, they were flooding the market, government doesn't allow, 
Make In India is compulsory. So, they were getting in CKD, SKD, full PCBs. But anyway, we 
are in a real market. So, we don't want to crib about the competition. Competition teaches us 
many things. We have learned many things. And now we are back with a vengeance. So, yes, it 
will take another 2-3 quarters, maybe another 3-4 quarters if I can tell you honestly. But solar 
business will be a very good investment we have made. Similarly, Dinesh talked to you about 
mid meters. We spent nearly a crore and a half in getting the approval for the European market. 
And also we had to do a lot of changes in the product while they were undergoing these tests. 
All that is done, we have the certification today, we have started selling it. It hasn't picked up, 
but for sure it will pick up. The third is we made energy meters for US market. Even that was a 
very big project. We went through a lot of approval. All these things, the approval is even, I 
would say, a bigger challenge than the development of the product. Development of the product 
is a challenge. But bigger than that is getting approvals, interpretation of some of the laws which 
they make, which doesn't come out. I personally visited one of these testing labs in Europe to 
clear some of the doubts that they had. But anyway, that is all passed. We have all the clearance. 
So, this growth will come about. What you rightly pointed out that if you see last 4-5 years, there 
has been a good growth, but the last 4-5 quarters hasn't been that great a growth, we have been 
around 10%, 12%, 13%, 14%, but I am sure we will come back to our normal growth pattern. 
And yes, we have to be patient, but you will see it. 
Prateek Giri: 
Understood. Point well taken, Goliyaji, because if you look at the power sector companies, I 
know we are not directly linked to the transformer sector, but at least we are a part of this value 
chain. So, hitting or rather clocking revenue growth of at least 12%-13% is what we can expect, 
but I get your point. Both the questions are answered. Thanks a lot and good luck to the entire 
team. Dineshji, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Zaki Nasser from Nasser Investments, please 
go ahead. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sir, good afternoon and big congratulations for a very strong set of numbers. Goliyaji, the 
question is from, it has been 2 years since our issue and of course, we have seen a few quarters 
of disturbance. But sir, what would you want to see the company, Rishabh, as 3 years hence, sir? 
Narendra Goliya: 
Isn't the answer very obvious, what I am going to give? But anyway, I will try to elaborate on it. 
See, growth has to be there. If you see, Rishabh, from what we started 30-35 years ago to today, 
there has been a steady 25%-30% CAGR if I take it out. Obviously, earlier years were higher. 
And as we become larger and as we have subsidiaries all over the world, it becomes more 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
challenging to keep up that CAGR. So, I would say realistically, if we plan about 20% and 
deliver 22%, I will be very happy, 22% CAGR on the topline and maybe 25% in the bottomline. 
Because bottomline, we have more control, there are more things we can do and obviously, 
overheads don't increase as fast as the topline increases. So, let us say, 20%-22% would be our 
aspiration to do on the topline and 25% on the bottomline. This year, we have delivered much 
more, but this is an exceptional year. I don't think we will try to achieve that year by year. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Yes, sir. And sir, your thoughts on what you would want the outcome of the Aluminium 
business, Aluminium Die Cast business, how would you take that forward, sir? 
Narendra Goliya: 
No, see, Aluminium business has been a profitable business for years together. Yes, last year 
was a disaster because of some of the things which happened in Europe, some of the things 
which happened with our customers, the EV business, our customers, they went, let me say, 
largely after EV business and that has been all taken away by China. So, they suffered and when 
they suffered, obviously, as a vendor to them, we suffered. But now, as Dinesh has been rightly 
telling you again and again, and he has been working very hard on this. In fact, he spends more 
time in Poland than he spends in India. And the reason is that we have to come back to customers 
who give us profitable, sustainable business. And this happens without the automobile. 
Automobile also, gives us some profitable business, but the non-auto business is really good. 
So, we are working towards that. I think we have got reasonable success. I would not say all the 
capacity is taken away. Dinesh has rightly mentioned in his speech that we are still working to 
fulfil the capacity which has been thrown open by the auto, the auto large people going away 
has really left us with about 40% capacity, which today is unused if I can summarize. Dinesh 
can give you more exact numbers, but 35%-40% capacity today is unused and therefore, the 
overheads get distributed on a very narrow base. So, all this has to be solved. We will solve it, 
like the Aluminum business has been with us now for what, 15-16 years, out of which 2 or 3 
years have been bad, but other years have been good. So, I am not negative on the Aluminum 
business, although it is different from our core business, which is the electronic business. And 
we will get it back in shape. Dinesh, you can add something. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, absolutely. It is all true. And we exchange notes and what you are told is all good. And if 
you look at overall 10-15 years of the consolidated kind of growth, most of the growth was 
coming from Aluminum Die Casting, which was 40% of our group's portfolio, the largest 
company in the company, which was giving 18%-20% EBITDA and that is how it has been. 
Even during COVID period, we were one of the very few companies which were profitable. 
Forget about getting closed down. As we speak today, there are 5000 Die Casting machines 
which are up for sale in Europe. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Yes. So, what Dinesh is saying is a lot of machines are available because the auto business has 
really gone down in Europe. All of you must have read, MAHLE has thrown away 1000 people, 
some other auto companies, even Mercedes is having a problem. So, there are challenges, but 
then we are going away from the auto business. We are going back to automation. We have 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
customers like ABB, using aluminum components. We have customers like Siemens, we have 
customers like Endress+Hauser, which we have nothing to do with the auto industries. And I 
think going ahead, we will get our feet back into this business, which has been disturbed for the 
last, I would say, 2 years. You can already see it is much better than what it was last year. But 
we have still come back. Today, we are at 0-0, no profit, no loss, but we have to bring it back to 
18%-20% EBITDA margin. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Would you think that next year that will happen, sir? 
Narendra Goliya: 
Would I think next year? 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sure. It will come back to positive EBITDA. 
Narendra Goliya: 
It will come back to positive EBITDA, but not the one we are aspiring. We are aspiring 18%-
20% like electrical business. That may take a little more time, but let me say this year we may 
end up with 0, 1%-2% EBITDA. Next year, we could be 10%-11% and then we can come back 
to 18%-20%. But that depends on how successfully we are able to find the new business and fill 
up the capacity, which today is, let me say, lying empty. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Fantastic, sir. Thanks for your optimism, sir. And sir, one last question, sir. See, Rishabh and 
Lumel both are pedigree names. So, what would your thoughts be on co-branding between the 
two companies, sir? 
Narendra Goliya: 
So, I would not at the moment. See what happens is both are such legacy brands. People know 
left, right. Sometimes I am myself is surprised. Wherever I go and whenever I meet electrical 
engineers they would say they have used it. So, I would not try to change the brand in India. 
Similarly, Lumel is 1954. And not only there, but even in the middle, the countries in and around 
Poland, the so-called East European countries, Romania, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, the old 
Czechoslovakia, all these countries. So, in my view, it would not be correct. And I and Dinesh 
have discussed it many times. 
Narendra Goliya: 
. Dinesh, we are talking about the brands Rishabh and Lumel. In India, we use the Rishabh brand 
and in Poland, we use the Lumel brand. So, he wants my opinion. And my opinion was that these 
are so well-entrenched brands that brand we will not change. But sometimes we do write, 
Rishabh group of companies and all that. But that is below the line. The brand on the product 
will remain, I think, for a few more years. We will not disturb that. Please add, Dinesh, if you 
want. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
So, there is a whole brand exercise which is happening last one year. So, we are trying to project 
ourselves as a whole Rishabh group of companies with the brand identities kept in those markets. 
Lumel has got 72 years of legacy and no other brand can replace it. And it is, we sell Lumel 
products for 20% higher than brands like Schneider in Poland. So, it will be foolish to go away 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
with that. Same is with Sifam which is under Tinsley. These are more than a century-year-old 
brands from UK market. So, we want to nurture those. Rishabh has its own strong equity in 
India. Microsys, we have. So, it will be a corporation with the house of brand. And we are 
projecting as a whole group with diversified brands and diversified this thing. What we are trying 
to do is not to duplicate the resources. So, the R&D resources are going to be, like the whole 
R&D team will be one. So, there will be the center of excellence, we don't duplicate that. Sales 
resources will optimize. Then production also will optimize. Purchases will optimize. So, that is 
where the real value comes from the group being connected. And also, we want to encash on the 
brand legacies which Mr. Goliya spoke about and that will remain like that. And it will be a bad 
strategy to go away with that. So, this is what we are doing. And also, very soon there will be a 
corporate videos and corporate brochures and all those things are being released to the market 
so that we have that whole smaller entities like in USA or China, they are not able to leverage 
with the size of their company. So, we will be getting them into the fold of a whole group's 
strength and that will also be a strength for them to go to the market. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Thank you, sir. Best wishes to team, Rishabh, sir, and Lumel. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. In the interest of time, we are taking the last question from the line of 
Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. Please go ahead, sir. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Well, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand what percentage of our India 
business would be white labeling versus the export that we did during H1? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
So, in H1, see about 50% of our business is domestic. That is all in Rishabh brand. And export 
is another 50%, out of which I would say about overall, about 20% is white labeling, 20%-25%. 
The rest is all. 
Narendra Goliya: 
We have two major customers for whom we white label, and I think it will not be more than 
20%, maybe 18%-19%. One is the controllers that we do, and one is a UK, American company. 
It has offices in UK and America, and they have been our white labeling customers for the last 
more than 25 years. So, we continue. Both these customers are very long, very good history, and 
not only they buy what we make, but we also upgrade. When we develop new products, they are 
happy to subscribe to our new products. So, overall, yes, of the total turnover, I would say less 
than 20%. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, I had a question regarding the working capital management. So, sir, what kind of 
working capital management can we expect? And sir, what is the reduction can we expect maybe 
over the next 1-2 years? 
Narendra Goliya: 
Dinesh already mentioned it if you were listening carefully. What he mentioned was that 
inventory has been substantially brought down. We focus on it, and what used to be 6-7 months, 
of course, a lot of it was also COVID effect. When COVID came, there was a big shortage of 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
electronic components, and we were forced to do, but forget the reasons. The point is that we 
had 6-7 months of inventory. It has been brought down to 2-3 months. So, we should release 
some inventory, but at the same time, below 3 months it will be a challenge because of the simple 
reason that the variety of the components that we use is very large, and customers expect, before 
they place the order, they expect delivery in the sense they don’t give us two to three weeks. So, 
you can't order the components after the order is received and make it and deliver it to them. So, 
you have to anticipate, and electronic components is a big variety, although it seems that we 
have a very wide basket of products, but within the basket, there are ranges, 10 Amps, 30 Amps, 
40 Amps, 50 Amps, 100 Amps, and all of them will need different shunts. Now, part of that we 
have solved by way of backward integration, but we still have a very large variety of components 
to keep. So, whatever we have brought down, I think, if we can even maintain that working 
capital with the increased business, that we will limit, up to the time that 20%-25% business 
goes up, maybe we can manage with the current working capital. Beyond that, we will have to 
pump in additional working capital. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. So, just a final question from me. Sir, how is our new product introduction strategy in the 
domestic market as well as the export market apart from the white labeling that we do? Sir, do 
we focus on products where the larger players like ABB and Schneider are not present, or we 
just plan on replicating the product that we sell in our export market to Indian markets where 
there is not much competition currently? 
Narendra Goliya: 
First thing is that we do not differentiate between export and domestic. What we sell in India, 
we sell abroad. What we sell abroad, we sell in India. So, when we develop, except some very 
specific products like the MID, I mentioned, even that product we sell in India, but the MID 
approval is not applicable in India. We don’t  need MID approval. Similarly, the energy meter 
in US. But these are the exceptions other than the rule. But otherwise, what we do is we take our 
own products and we outdate it, See that is a standard theory in engineering or in anything. You 
better outdate your products before the competition does. So, for example, we have a multimeter. 
After 6-7 years of selling a particular multimeter, we will come with a newer version with more 
features, with more compactness, sometimes with a lower cost. So, that is being done by our 
R&D team regularly rather than to do it need-based or something. New transducers were 
introduced, new multimeters are introduced now, new MID meters are introduced. So, we do 
that as a continuous process. As much as we develop new products, for example, see, that is why 
we have a very big R&D team. It is not a small R&D team that we have. In fact, we have a new 
R&D center within IIT Bombay because we want to take the help of the IIT professors. So, we 
do that. But even otherwise, as much as we develop new products, we developed the solar 
inverter sometime back and now, we are doing some other products. But even the existing 
products are upgraded and updated time to time. Sometimes it is within the same housing, 
sometimes it is a new housing. So, a lot of things are done to make sure that we are at par. Of 
course, some of them are in competition with Schneider and ABB. But, like we were making 
something for EPCOS. Now, the old L&T, the new Schneider, they went and copied it. But that 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
is up to them. This keeps happening in the market that I copy your product, you copy my product. 
So, it is going on quite well. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
If I can just to add some more points to what Mr. Goliya suggested or said is the product 
development, we have 2-3 buckets in which we do. One is, you develop a product because some 
of your components are going to be redundant. That is what he said, that you revive your product 
before it is there. So, that is one part of development activity. Second one is you have a basket. 
When you have a basket, then you extend that basket, like, for example, current transformers. 
Then there were lots of types of current transformers this and that. So, you expand that basket. 
And then you have product gaps. So, when you have a range of power quality analysis, you may 
have some product gaps. So, fill in those product gaps. So, that is another thing that you do. 
Then that is the second part of development which happens. Third one is you also are interacting 
with your customers. There is no product existing. Customer has some need. So, it may be a 
replacement of 2-3 products together or he has something which he wants to measure or he wants 
to use it in some particular way. So, you get a product idea. There is no product existing. So, we 
do that also. So, you have product and then there is a technology development which is 
happening. So, there are 4 baskets in which product development happens. One is you upgrade 
your product because it is going to be redundant. If you don't do it, like iPhones, they keep on 
coming next version. This is one part. Second one is you have a product gap. You do that or you 
expand the product. That is the third one. Third is customer has some need. He has a need, but 
there is no product. So, you develop that. Fourth one is there is some technological breakthrough 
which is happening. So, you will look at the technology, how you can adapt in your industry and 
product. So, all those things we do and this is one of the DNAs of our company and this we do 
very systematically. There is a product development team. There are product managers for each 
of these product groups and they have mandate to do the market research and get all those things 
and R&D guys come up with any next technological breakthrough which is happening. We have 
regular R&D and product development meetings on monthly basis, quarterly basis. This all 
happens very systematically. The advantage that we have is we do all that much faster than 
companies like ABB and Schneider because of the company being very thin and we are not as 
big as they are. So, the bureaucracy is much lower. So, this is where we have a great advantage. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, thank you so much and all the best. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Thank you. Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand our conference over to the management of Rishabh Instruments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Yes. Thank you, everybody for taking deep interest. It was a pleasure talking to you. Figures are 
with you. You all happy to see the figures. We are all optimistic and not only optimistic but our 
work is in the direction where you will see, I hope, much better quarters than you have seen in 
the last 1 or 2 quarters. Thank you. Dinesh, you want to add something? 

 
Rishabh Instruments Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
No, just, I can reassure what you have said and we are going in the right direction. There are 
some challenges in some businesses and there is not going to be a time when you don't have 
challenges, particularly when we are running companies, 5-6 operational companies around the 
world in different markets, one or the other challenge will also be coming. So, what really makes 
us different is how we manage these challenges and how resilient we are, how strong we are. 
We want to be the last person in the line. As I said, Aluminum Die Casting, so much bad has 
happened but we still are there. We are bouncing back. That is the character of the company. We 
have had different type of issues in different type of companies at every given point of time. We 
are building a very strong management team and wherever we had some gaps in the management 
team, we are filling it with some external experts coming in. We had some good hiring also done, 
which I reported a few quarters ago. So, all that is falling in place and working well. So, we are 
in good direction and I wish to have your continued support because markets are not in our entire 
control. But how we react and how we solve that is absolutely in our control. That is what we 
focus on. Thank you. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Thank you. Bye until the next conference call. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of Rishabh Instruments Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
