 
Registered Office: L&T House, N. M. Marg, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001. INDIA                  CIN: L72900MH2012PLC232169 
     Tel: +91 22 6892 5257 Fax: +91 2267525858 
     L&T Technology Services is a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited 
L&T Technology Services Limited 
A.M. Naik Tower,6th Floor, L&T Campus, 
Gate No.3, Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road, 
Powai, Mumbai-400072. 
www.ltts.com 
 
          
October 24, 2025 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex   
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: LTTS 
 
                   BSE Limited                    
                   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
                   Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
 
 
                   BSE Script Code: 540115 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on October 17, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the 
transcript of Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call organized by the Company on October 17, 2025. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.LTTS.com/Investors. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For L&T Technology Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Prasad Shanbhag 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(M. No. A 30254) 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
PRASAD VISHNU 
SHANBHAG
Digitally signed by PRASAD 
VISHNU SHANBHAG 
Date: 2025.10.24 15:59:24 
+05'30'

 
 
 
L&T Technology Services  
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
For the Earnings Call held on October 17, 2025, 19:00hrs IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. AMIT CHADHA – CEO & MD, 
MR. ALIND SAXENA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & PRESIDENT, 
MR. RAJEEV GUPTA – CFO, 
MR. SANDESH NAIK – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking 
statements, which involve number of risks, and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially 
from those in such forward-looking statements. L&T Technology Services Limited (LTTS) does not undertake to 
update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time by us or on our behalf. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2FY26 Conference Call of L&T 
Technology Services Limited.  
                                                As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
                                                I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandesh Naik, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Naik. 
Sandesh Naik: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good evening. Wishing you and your family a Very Happy Diwali. I am 
Sandesh and welcome you all to the Earnings Call of L&T Technology Services for the 2nd 
Quarter of FY26. Our Financial Results, Investor Release and Press Release, have been filed on 
the stock exchanges and are also available on our website www.ltts.com.  
                                                I hope you have had a chance to go through them. This call is for 60 minutes. We will try to 
wrap up the management remarks in 20 minutes and then open up for Q&A. The audio recording 
of this call will be available on our website one hour after the call ends. 
                                                With that, let me introduce you to the Leadership Team present on this call. We have with us 
Amit Chadha – CEO and MD; Alind Saxena – Executive Director and President; and Rajeev 
Gupta – CFO. 
                                                We will begin with Amit providing an overview of the company’s performance and outlook, 
followed by Rajeev, who will walk you through financial performance. I now invite Amit for 
his opening remarks. 
Amit Chadha: 
Thank you, Sandesh. I would like to actually thank you so much for joining the call today and 
would like to wish you and all your families a very Happy Diwali.  
                                                Well, we celebrated Diwali early, with a near-$300 Mn large deal TCV intake in Q2.  
                                                I am happy to see our ‘Go Deeper to Scale’ and multi-segment strategy leading to deeper 
engagements with our global clients and a strong order book in spite of the current market 
dynamics and geopolitical unpredictability.  
                                                Let me provide the key highlights for our Q2 performance: 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
• 
Revenue in USD CC terms grew by 1.3% sequentially and 10.4% annually, with the 
Sustainability segment achieving double-digit annual growth for two quarters 
consecutively and Tech segment remaining resilient.  
• 
Business in both US & Europe continued to expand steadily, showing consistent 
growth on a sequential and annual basis.  
• 
Our strong momentum of deal wins continued as we touched a record high, large deal 
TCV of $292 Mn this quarter, including $100 Mn and a $60 Mn deal.  
• 
The EBIT margins are slightly better at 13.4% for the quarter. 
• 
We expect both revenue and EBIT margins to see improvement in second half of FY26 
with H2 growth better than H1.  
                                                Before diving into segments, I want to share some updates about our Technology and 
Innovation Charter. We have filed 216 patents in AI & GenAI alone, while our overall patent 
count has exceeded 1,600 mark this quarter:  
• 
We established a strong leadership position in engineering and industrial AI offerings, 
which is helping us gain client mindshare and market-share.  
• 
We launched our AI-first delivery model and continue to make targeted investments 
to make the workforce ready in GenAI, Agentic AI and Physical AI. Physical AI for 
us includes multimodal AI, AI reasoning and Edge AI. 
• 
We scaled our AI portfolio with platforms like Qguard.ai, FusionWorld.ai, PLxAI, 
AiNexus, GENIQ, and TrackEi to drive automation, contextual intelligence and real-
life world machine applications.  
• 
For example, our proprietary AI framework PLxAI, has already been deployed across 
36+ use cases, accelerating innovation by embedding intelligence throughout the 
product lifecycle.  
• 
Qguard.ai and FusionWorld.ai are enabling synchronized, scalable workflows while 
GenIQ and AiNexus are powering intelligent decision-making across engineering 
processes. 
• 
These platforms are seeing strong client traction and early monetization. About 1% of 
our trailing 12-month revenue has come from license revenue of these products, 
including AI, and our goal is to expand this to 5% of trailing 12 months revenue in the 
medium term. 
• 
We are also making strategic investments in humanoids for manufacturing 
environments, with use-cases focused on repetitive, precision-driven tasks, a clear step 
forward in our vision of autonomous, intelligent factories.  
• 
Our partnership with SiMa.ai, NVIDIA and MIT Media Lab further strengthens our 
AI backbone, ensuring we remain future ready. 
                                                Let me now provide details on our Segmental performance and outlook: 
                                                Mobility: 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
• 
Our Trucks & Off Highways sub-segment did well and grew sequentially, while 
Aerospace & Rail sub-segment was resilient. The Auto sub-segment remained 
subdued due to continued program pauses and muted decision-making. 
• 
Let me provide some additional color 
o 
In Auto, our clients are reviewing model year choices, and we believe some 
certainty will emerge in the next 3 months.  
o 
Client spending on local manufacturing and supply chain continues to be 
resilient; we are also actively participating in consolidation deals in the US 
& Europe.  
o 
This quarter, we saw an uptick in clients wanting to use our proprietary EV 
platform, LTTS’ iDrive solution (for SDV) and TrackEi for specific OEM 
programs. 
o 
In T&OH, we are seeing continued investments from customers as they roll 
out new products with new features leveraging AI & automation - one of 
our $20 Mn wins in this area.  
• 
The pipeline remains active with multiple conversations in Auto, T&OH, Aero & Rail. 
We continue to work with our clients to get these to closure.  
                                                The Mobility segment will be muted with cyclical impact due to furloughs in the coming quarter, 
and expect a comeback in Q4FY26. 
                                                Coming to Sustainability: 
• 
The Sustainability segment continued to perform well, delivering 3.0% sequential and 
12.6% annual growth, reflecting steady demand, execution strength and ramping up 
of large deal closures from the previous quarters. 
• 
In Q2, we had two significant achievements in this segment – One, we achieved a $50 
Mn+ account on an annualized run-rate basis in the Plant Engineering sub-segment. If 
you will recall, this is the same account where we had announced a large deal of $100 
Mn some 2-3 years ago. 
• 
Secondly, we closed the quarter with our largest-ever deal of $100 Mn in the Industrial 
subsegment, very proud moment for all of us and vindication of our being number 1 
in this area.  
• 
Now let me provide some color:  
o 
The Industrial sub-segment has been digital and has seen digital & AI-led 
interventions across the PDLC offering to our clients. We are ramping up 
large deals, signed and continue to see deal wins with a robust pipeline 
ahead. 
o 
On the $100 Mn+ deal, we are leveraging our AI portfolio. We will support 
the client across new product development, sustenance engineering, value 
engineering and platform automation.  
o 
Our partnership with Tennant for sustainable product development 
continues to ramp up with the setup of a dedicated offshore engineering 
center.  

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
• 
In Plant Engineering, demand continues across O&G and CPG for greenfield-
brownfield capex projects and ongoing spend on digitization and modernization of 
legacy plants.  
o 
We were chosen by a global food and beverage company for a greenfield 
project in plant design, process and utility engineering, While in another 
large deal win, a global beverage major has engaged us for end-to-end 
execution of their machine safety program across several global sites.  
o 
Key clients continue to ramp up as demonstrated by the $50 Mn account 
mentioned earlier.  
                                                For the Sustainability segment, we expect the growth momentum and large deal wins to continue 
in both Industrial and Plant sub-segments. 
                                                Now on Tech: 
• 
The Tech segment, while continuing remaining resilient for the quarter, grew 28.6% 
annually as it included the benefits of Intelliswift revenue over previous year.  
• 
The Software and Platform subsegment, along with the integration of Intelliswift is 
making strides with Agentic AI offerings & Data Engineering Platform.  
• 
This has led to a good industry response with a notable deal win to build a data factory 
model for a healthcare client in the Pharma area, which again is a new entry for us as 
an area. 
• 
The Media & Tech sub-segment is rapidly evolving with significant transformations 
driven by AI and immersive technologies.  
o 
We continue to grow in the US and have seen steady growth in our 
semiconductor accounts.  
o 
This quarter saw us win a significant deal with a US-based telecom infra 
major to deliver advanced network software development and application 
engineering solutions, in Media & Tech. This again was leveraging the 
Smart World telecom infra piece that we had got some years ago.  
• 
In the MedTech sub-segment, we are seeing healthy demand from Europe and Japan, 
while seeing some delay in ramp-ups in a few programs in the US market.  
o 
A new client in the Ophthalmology space has selected LTTS for the only 
technology partner for their program in Lifecycle Engineering and New 
Product Development. This will help us in our growth going ahead. 
o 
We expect MedTech to grow in the second half of the year, leveraging AI 
solutions across Digital Manufacturing, Sustenance Engineering and 
QARA. 
• 
In the Tech segment, various large deals in advanced stages of negotiation will help 
us continue Tech's growth trajectory in the second half of the year. 
                                                Overall, we are seeing client decisions being made and anticipate strong growth trajectory across 
all three segments in Q4 and beyond. 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
                                                Before I come to the outlook, I would like to highlight our readiness and strengthening our 
processes and teams to Build the Company for the Next Level of Growth. 
• 
First: As mentioned earlier, we are pivoting to an AI First delivery model for our 
service, creating and selling new offerings with AI and taking a frontal position in 
Engineering, Industrial and Physical AI. 
• 
Second: strengthening Leadership and Organizational Depth.  
o 
We have a robust succession planning mechanism and have reenergized our 
leadership team with the addition of three new segment heads in the last 
quarter. This was as some of the current leaders retired. Joining us from 
global MNCs, these leaders have already taken charge of the Mobility 
segment, the MedTech subsegment and the Media & Tech subsegment. We 
have also hired a new global large deals head to be based on the East Coast 
of the US to bolster the large deal engine. Of the 4 new leaders, 3 are based 
in US, and all of them have spent between 2-3 decades in the Technology 
Services industry. 
o 
These appointments strengthen our delivery and operational depth across 
horizontals, sub-verticals and technology.  
o 
Similarly, augmenting of leadership done last year in Sustainability segment 
have reaped beneficial results in the Plant Engineering & Industrial Products 
subsegments. 
• 
Lastly: Focus on Profitable and Sustainable Growth 
o 
Our focus remains clear, to prepare LTTS for the next phase of growth, 
doubling down on areas that are value accretive while proactively pruning 
those that are not.  
o 
This efficiency focus will continue reinforcing our commitment to 
sustainable margin improvement and shareholder value creation. 
                                                With that, let me discuss the Outlook: 
                                                The macro environment has remained similar to Q1; however, we have observed revival in deal-
related conversations across all sub-segments except Automotive. 
                                                We recognize that FY26 may be a tight year, but the long-term fundamentals remain robust.   
                                                The changing spends on AI, softwarization of products and services and ongoing 
reindustrialization of the US is creating opportunities for LTTS to lead with engineering and AI 
innovation, and we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on the shift.  
                                                With a strong order book and our large deal wins, we aspire for double-digit growth in FY26 
and reiterate medium-term outlook of $2 Bn revenue. 
                                                With that said, I would like to thank all of you. I am going to stay on for the questions, and I 
would like to hand over the call to Rajeev. 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you, Amit.  
                                                Good evening, everyone. 
                                                First of all, wish you and your families a very Happy Diwali and Prosperous New Year in 
advance. 
                                                Let me begin with the key highlights for Q2FY26: 
• 
Our diversification strategy, early investments in AI and new age technologies, 
coupled with deep relationships with clients have led to the highest ever large deal 
wins of about $300 Mn in the quarter, including a $100 Mn deal win in Sustainability 
and $60 Mn win in Tech segment. 
• 
We are indeed seeing fructification in our strategy of having $100 Mn, $50 Mn 
accounts. Pleased to share that we now have a $50 Mn account in Sustainability on an 
annualized run rate basis.  
• 
Q2FY26 saw an improvement in performance across the board – deal wins, revenue 
growth, margins and cash flows. This is in line with our earlier commentary. 
                                                With that, let me take you through Q2FY26 financials. 
                                                Starting with the P&L: 
                                                Our revenue for the quarter was ₹ 2,980 crores, a growth of 15.8% on a YoY basis and a growth 
of 4.0% on a sequential basis.  
                                                EBIT margin for the quarter came to 13.4%, slight improvement over the previous quarter. We 
expect margins to show improvement from here on. 
                                                Moving to below EBIT: 
                                                To start with Other Income was at ₹ 50 crores, marginally lower on a sequential basis.  
                                                Our Effective Tax Rate (ETR) for Q2 was 26.5%. That's an improvement of 40 bps from 
previous quarter. With that, we have now reduced our expected range for tax rate between 26.5% 
to 27.0%.  
                                                Our Net Income for the quarter was ₹ 328.7 crores, up 4.1% on a sequential basis, which is 
11.0% of revenue. 
                                                Moving to balance sheet, let me highlight key line items:  
                                                The combined DSO, including unbilled, stood at 114 days compared to 116 days in Q1, a 
reduction of 2 days. Q2 DSO was at 94 days compared to 98 days in Q1. Unbilled days at 20 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
days in Q2 compared to 17 days in Q1. The combined DSO is within the target range of 110 to 
115 days, and we expect to improve as the year progresses. 
 
Our Q2 Free Cash Flow came in at a healthy ₹ 445 crores, leading to YTD free cash flow of ₹ 
417 crores. 
 
Our Cash and Investments stood at ₹ 2,883 crores at the end of Q2 versus ₹ 2,431 crores at the 
end of Q1. 
 
As you would have seen today, the Board approved an interim dividend of ₹ 18 per share. 
                                                Moving to revenue metrics: 
                                                In Dollar terms, we reported revenue of $337 million as compared to $335 million in Q1, a 
growth of 1.3% sequentially and 10.4% YoY on a constant currency basis. 
                                                Talking about segment margin performance for Q2FY26: 
                                                Mobility segment margins for Q2 came in at 14.8%, lower compared to previous quarter due to 
subdued demand environment in Automotive sector. Amit already highlighted our overall 
Mobility segment is balancing out with growth in Truck and Off-Highways and Aero and Rail 
subsegments. We see Automotive sector stabilizing going ahead and expect the Mobility 
segment to return to growth and better margins in Q4FY26.  
                                                Sustainability segment margins for Q2 came in at 28.1% margins, up 50 bps over previous 
quarter, resulting from ramp-up of large deal wins. Further, large deal wins of $100 Mn in Q2 
and a healthy pipeline in this segment will continue to aid revenue growth and margin 
improvement going ahead.  
                                                Tech segment margins for the quarter came in at 9.0%, remained stable compared to previous 
quarter. Our integration plan for Intelliswift acquisition continues to show results with 
improvement in margins sequentially. 
                                                Let me now comment on operational metrics: 
                                                The Onsite:Offshore mix showed slight improvement towards Offshore as compared to Q1. 
Offshore percentage now stands at 56.4%. 
                                                The T&M revenue mix was 61.9% in Q2, lower compared to Q1.  
                                                Client Profile – which indicated number of Million dollar plus accounts, has shown sequential 
improvement in $30Mn and $1Mn+ categories. The client profile will continue to improve in 
the coming quarters. 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
                                                Client contribution to revenue is quite similar compared to Q1 across categories. We expect 
revenue from top customers to improve going forward as we are running targeted programs on 
client mining.  
                                                Headcount was 23,678 in Q2 compared to 23,626 in Q1, while Attrition remained at similar 
levels as compared to Q1. 
                                                Realized rupee for Q2 was at ₹ 88.39 to the dollar, a depreciation of around 3.4% versus Q1 
when compared to ₹. 
                                                As I conclude, let me provide visibility on margin trajectory going forward: 
 
We have seen margins improve sequentially in Q2FY26 and we will see further improvement 
from here on. Improvement in margins will be facilitated by  
• 
Growth, improvement in quality of revenue and segment mix, with higher large deal 
wins in our highest profitable segment – Sustainability. That's the first that we see.  
• 
The second, Operational efficiencies such as optimization of pyramid, leveraging AI 
and automation and project delivery, review of low-margin portfolio and tail accounts, 
higher offshoring and optimization of G&A costs are going to further help us in terms 
of improving margins. 
• 
Thirdly, the integration plan for Intelliswift acquisition continues to yield incremental 
improvement as we move sequentially and QoQ.  
• 
Launch of our internal AI platform to leverage AI across our functions – Delivery, 
HR, Finance, Marketing, IT will deliver efficiencies and also aid in terms of margin 
improvement.  
                                                All of this will lead to H2FY26 margins to be better than H1FY26 margins. 
                                                With that, we maintain our aspirations of mid-16% EBIT margins between Q4FY27 and 
Q1FY28. 
                                                Thank you. I now hand it over to the moderator for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question comes from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on really good deal wins. I want to check about the 
growth across geographies. It looks like the core geographies are doing well. Americas and 
Europe have grown. Even India has grown. The rest of the world has seen a decline. Should we 
think about that correlated to the challenges in Automotive? 
Amit Chadha: 
No, I would not necessarily do that. See, the way to look at it is that there are businesses in ROW 
that we did decide that we will look at. They are small. So, I would not worry. Basically, our 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
strong geographies, the US, Europe as well as Japan actually have grown and done well, and 
that's where it is. 
Ravi Menon: 
And any progress on taking SWC to the Middle East? 
Amit Chadha: 
Yes. So, that is where we have been working on. So, we have got a pipeline in the Middle East 
that we are working on, but it is taking longer than what we had expected in terms of closures in 
the Middle East. In fact, we have got some good inquiries for Smart World in the US as well, 
but again, going slower than what we had anticipated. 
Ravi Menon: 
And one last thing. You had started a cybersecurity center in the US So, is that something that 
can leverage the credentials of Smart World Communications in India? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, again, if you go look at Smart World, there were three parts to it. There was a Smart Cities 
piece, there was a Telecom Infra piece and there was Cyber piece. And broadly, if I recall, about 
60%-65% was cities, about 40-odd % to 35%-38% was Telco Infra and the remaining was the 
Cyber, very small. 
                                                So, Cyber now I can confirm is in excess of, I would say, at a company level, we have been able 
to take it about between 1.0% -2.5% of our revenues and fairly profitable. The Telco Infra piece 
is anyway international. In fact, this large deal win that we had with the Telecom operator was 
from that area and because of the credential. Smart Cities continue to be like I talked a little 
down. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks so much for the call. And the $100 Mn in Sustainability, just to confirm, this is the largest 
deal win that you had in this segment, right? 
Amit Chadha: 
This is the largest deal we have had in this segment. If I recall, we had a deal that was $100 Mn 
in the Oil and Gas space. It was, I think, about 4 years ago or 5 years ago. And so that was that. 
And now the $100 Mn in Sustainability, in IP is the first $100 Mn deal. And no rebadging, all 
offshore, largely offshore, a little bit onsite, in line with the Sustainability margins. 
Ravi Menon: 
All right. Thanks so much. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you. So, a couple of questions. Firstly, on the Auto vertical, we do expect recovery from 
4Q, but how should we think about the pace of recovery over the course of, let's say, by CY26? 
Is there something where you expect a gradual recovery or there could be some pent-up demand 
because of the recovery could be more faster? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, first, I am an optimist, right? And for those that have met me they would agree with that. 
See, here's what I am seeing in the market. There's a certain certainty that has come into the 
decision-making in the last couple of months where we are seeing people accept the new normal 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
and start to make decisions for their business, for their customers, for their products, reshoring 
of manufacturing starting up. I am not saying production has started, but permits are being built, 
taken up, etc. So, I am seeing that happen for sure. 
                                                Second, AI in enterprise, there's a lot of use cases, but AI in manufacturing and engineering are 
also picking up steadily. In fact, every Board is asking our Head of Engineering or Head of 
Product Development, our CTOs, have you used AI and where? So, it's coming top down. 
                                                So, those 2 are, in my view, some very strong signs that stuff will start to pick up pace right 
about February time frame because again, October, November, December is a furlough quarter. 
We will see how it goes. It's not a washout, but we will see. We have to grow, right? So, that 
will be there. There are also a lot of consolidation deals going on. See, there are companies in 
Western and Eastern Europe that are getting consolidated against, because their skill sets don't 
match the latest skill sets needed. So, lot of activity is going on, I would say. And I do hope that 
Feb onwards will be higher growth than current year growth has been. I hope I have answered 
your question. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Yes, that's helpful. Thank you for that. The other question is the large deal what we are reporting, 
at $200 Mn, which was trending in the last few quarters, gone up to $300 Mn now. Is this entirely 
net new? Or does it include an element of renewals also? Because if the renewals are also 
included, then what is the ratio of net new over the past few quarters trending? 
Amit Chadha: 
Yes. So, about 20% would be what was already there and 80% broadly is what we have built on 
as add-on new. That's how you should look at it. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Amit Chadha: 
And one more point, just to answer that. Most of the deals we are getting when we are 
announcing a TCV $10 Mn +, it is a plus-plus. It is not just a renewal. I am just making sure that 
you understand that. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Right. Right. Got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karan Uppal from Phillip Capital (India). 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a question on the TCV to revenue conversion. So, LTTS 
has been reporting very strong TCV since last 4 quarters, but the growth has been a bit soft in 
the last couple of quarters. So, from here on, how do you think about the TCV to revenue 
conversion? Your commentary suggests that the revenue conversion is improving. Do you think 
that the clients are now more open to spending now versus, let's say, 6 months back? That's the 
first question. 
Amit Chadha: 
Sure. So, to answer your first question, see, broadly, if you look at it, our wins used to be in $100 
Mn range, and they have jumped to $200 Mn for the last 4 quarters, including this quarter. Now 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
if you look at Sustainability, we have announced a deal that was $70-plus Mn in Q4, and that is 
one big one that we did in Sustainability. And you have seen that Sustainability is growing, 
right? So, I would say that the way to think about it is that Auto has been subdued. Like I said, 
program pauses have continued and subdued. Otherwise, you would have seen this come out full 
potential in terms of the growth. And we are working on it. And I do believe that H2 will be 
better than H1. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Amit, last time you mentioned that for FY26, organic growth would be better than last 
year. Do you still hold to that guidance? 
Amit Chadha: 
I said double digit, and I hold to that. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. 
Amit Chadha: 
See you also should be aware. No, so good you are asking it. Look, we have always been very 
honest and transparent. So, you should be aware that we continue to look at the portfolio and see 
if there is stuff that's really dragging us down, non-strategic, we try and avoid doing such stuff. 
So, because we want to maintain market dominance in the areas we operate. 
                                                So, the way to look at it is that, like I said, Feb onwards, I am not saying that nothing will happen 
in Q3. I am confirming H2 better than H1. I am also not saying it's going to be hockey stick Q3 
to Q4. There will be growth, but I can see clear signs of the burst coming Feb onwards. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Thanks for that clarification. One question for Rajeev. Just a bookkeeping one. So, 
depreciation has been rising for 3 quarters, post Intelliswift acquisition. So, how much should 
we bake in from a go-forward perspective? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, what I would guide is see, this quarter, we did have capitalization of one of the facilities that 
we have set up in Baroda. That's a dedicated facility for LTTS. So, there is indeed increase in 
depreciation on account of that. You should model depreciation in the range of ₹ 95 crores in a 
quarter. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to check with you on a couple of things. First of all, on 
the Tech side, if you could break your commentary in terms of what are you seeing within your 
heritage portfolio, the Intelliswift portfolio and SWC? That's question number one. 
                                                The second question is that through at the start of this year, you had supported certain strategic 
customers through certain price or volume discounts, and which have been a headwind to 
margins in the more recent quarters. You were expecting them to essentially go away from 
sometime in Q2 and thereby margins expected to improve. Are we on track on that? And the 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
third one essentially is on wage hikes for the year, if you could give us your thoughts on the 
same. Thank you. 
Amit Chadha: 
So, let me start with the third question. Wage hikes are in consideration. We are working on it. 
So, it will be either sometime in Q3 or sometime in Q4. It is a decision to be made, and we are 
working through it. And we are committed to doing it in one of the quarters or last time we had 
done it in November of last year. So, we are working on it. So, please give us a little time on that 
as we go through stuff, right? But either Q3 or Q4, we will do it. 
                                                Now in terms of client support, I am happy to report that the client support has ended as of Q2 
end. And Rajeev can add more color, but the margins will improve from here on, like we have 
said. 
                                                Now let me go to the heritage portfolio, etc, on Tech. So, start with Smart World. Smart World, 
Smart Cities, we are not seeing a lot of traction. And for Telco Infra part of it and Cyber are 
doing okay for us, growing. And we are being very picky and choosy on the jobs that we pick 
up in Smart World, because we are careful about the margins that we operate under. Middle East 
is something we have invested in a sales team. US, we have invested in a sales team. There are 
active deals. We had closed one earlier. We have executed it. Others, we are working on trying 
and do that. So, there is an active pipeline that we continue to work on. But very honestly, I 
would have expected this to be faster. It hasn't panned out at the pace that we had expected. 
                                                Now I’m going on to Intelli. Intelli, we had picked up at x margins, and we had committed to 
you, we will grow the margins. I can confirm to you that the Intelli margins stand-alone have 
grown also QoQ. 
                                                Now in terms of the heritage business that we have plus, we are actively talking to grow 
accounts. In fact, 3 accounts that are hyperscalers are $30Mn+ accounts for us. We have been 
posting stuff on LinkedIn also, you can look at it, a lot of excitement that we have created around 
some accounts. 
                                                Now if you go to the Heritage business, which was Media & Tech, Semiconductor, and some of 
the Medical areas, we have won the $60 Mn account that was in the Telecom place. So, done 
okay. There are certain areas which we are looking at reducing there, because some of the work 
that we have got is non-strategic. So, we look at it but largely growing. 
                                                And we had another win on Telecom Infra last quarter, if you remember, in Telecom Infra this 
quarter as well. So, growing, right? Medical has been a little slow in the US for us. We have 
won some very interesting programs in Japan. We have won a good, very nice program, client 
in Ophthalmology, very excited about it. 
                                                I am happy to share that now we have a near $50 Mn account in Medical. We also have two $10 
Mn+ accounts in Medical that are really promising. And some of them, 3 actually. And then we 
have got others that are sub $ 10 Mn or above $ 5Mn. So, we do believe the change of approach 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
with a new segment leader, along with a dedicated sales team that's been reorganized will help 
us bring growth back in this, say, from Q4. I hope I have answered your question. 
Manik Taneja: 
No, that's quite helpful. And just one clarification. Your outlook on margins probably will stay 
respective of the wage hike that is yet to essentially be decided upon. And will that probably be 
an incremental headwind for our margins in the near term? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Rajeev here, let me add to that. Amit already mentioned the fact that, look, this is in 
consideration, and a lot of factors are being evaluated at this stage. It will be an event either in 
Q3 or Q4. But whenever that decision is being made, our commentary around H2 margins being 
better than H1 continues, right? So, we will be able to absorb the headwinds that come from 
wage hikes. 
Manik Taneja: 
Great. Thank you, and all the best for future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please 
go ahead.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. And congrats on very solid deal wins. Amit, my 
question is on the deal wins again. I think we have seen very strong deal wins. And gradually, I 
think every quarter, we are just upping the benchmark in terms of the deal win quantum that we 
are reporting. So, just wanted to understand 2 parts to this question here. One is, of course, is it 
mainly because that like, we have become bigger and we have basically been able to get more 
kind of capabilities under our belt, that we are able to win these kinds of large deals? Or is it 
something different that we are doing? 
                                                And secondly, is it somehow also a reflection of how the ER&D industry has evolved that now 
we are seeing the kind of deals that we had never seen before. And maybe we will probably see 
more of such large deals going forward also? 
Amit Chadha: 
Sure. So, thank you so much for that question. See, number one, what's changed is that for us is 
that instead of one central sales organization, we now have 6 sales teams in the US across the 6 
segments, plus a regional sales team in Europe, in India, Middle East and Japan and Australia, 
right, ROW. So, that's number one, we have created a lot more capillary force here. 
                                                Second is that we have been investing in technology, I believe, at times ahead of the curve and 
filing that 216 patents in AI is a signal of that. And getting like 1% of trailing 12 months of 
revenue is not a lot, but vindication that we are on the right path from license sales and most of 
them AI license sales is a good vindication that the technology we are ahead. 
                                                Third is the type of conversations we are able to have with our customers actually involves the 
CTO, involves the Head of Product Development, involves the Head of Manufacturing, includes 
at times the CIO for the manufacturing part, is helping us in mapping up larger areas and picking 
up more areas than we did earlier. 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
                                                Fourth, as practice, see, earlier, we would go, and we would pick up an order for $1 Mn be happy 
come away. Now we ask the question, if you are giving me a $1 Mn PO, can you give me a 3-
year SOW. So, there's some certainty to the demand. So, what we are building is we are building 
steps of the future that some of this TCV will. So, like this, this $100 Mn win is not across 2 
years. This $100 Mn win is across 5+ years, right? The $60 Mn win is a 5+ win. So, the point is 
the duration, we are trying to increase the duration. We are not doing 10 years. We are not doing 
20 years. The highest we have done is 7.5 years for a deal.  
                                                But the whole idea is try and get 3-digit approvals and wait for that to work out. So, that's the 
large intent that we have got. So, net-net, more sales penetration; second, pre-investment in 
Technology; third, mapping further areas. And fourth is getting into the larger terms. 
                                                fifth is, and I just want to make a point, see, many years ago, we didn't have Automotive when 
we started. We invested in it; we got into it. 4 years ago, some of you gave us feedback that you 
are working with Tier-1s. In Automotive, you don't work with OEMs. Today, 80% of the work 
in Automotive, 85% actually is coming from OEMs, West Coast OEMs, East Coast OEMs, 
Midwest OEMs and Europe OEMs, Japan OEMs. Similarly, you have given us feedback that 
you are not focused on Tech. You are not looking at hyperscalers. Today, 3 hyperscalers are 25 
Mn+ accounts for us. So, we continue to learn from you. We learn from others. We learn from 
our customers, and we continue to grow. And that is helping us, if you ask me in this TCV. 
                                                Now I also want to tell you because somebody will ask the next question that will Q3 also have 
$300 Mn win. I am telling you right now, Q3, I am confirming $200 Mn. Still, we will try that 
$200 Mn. let me walk, and then I will run. So, I am walking right now at $200 Mn, God was 
kind. Diwali was there. We got $300 Mn, now maybe Christmas also, we will get $300 Mn, we 
will see. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Got it. That's really encouraging to hear. So, is it fair to say that maybe clients are also 
now okay to award slightly longer duration deal or let's say, clients are also okay to award, what 
should I say, a multifaceted deal. As you mentioned, you start with the CTO and production 
engineering head in multiple. Earlier, I think most of the deals in ER&D used to be with, let's 
say, a specific segment and then maybe used to cross-sell. But now at the time of inception of 
the deal itself, you are able to stitch together multiple departments. Is that a change that is 
happening in the industry gradually? 
Amit Chadha: 
What's happening for sure is that clients are also starting to have larger conversations, have the 
appetite to have larger conversations. In fact, a lot of our client conversations today are 
happening. And some of our clients can you come and sit down with me and tell me strategically, 
I am trying to think about Engineering for the next 10 years. And as I look at Engineering and 
Technology for the next 10 years, what should I do in-house? What should I take out? How 
should I reskill my people, right? So, those are the larger conversations we are having and much 
more meaningful than give me 10 bodies and give me one horse and go away. 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Got it. That is great to hear. Just one last question for Rajeev. Rajeev, this quarter, would 
have seen a good amount of, let's say, margin tailwind from currency depreciation. Despite that, 
we saw only 10 basis points of margin expansion on a sequential basis. Any margin work that 
you would provide as to how much the currency benefit was in the margins and where was it 
consumed? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Vibhor, the way I would try to explain this is, see, there is, of course, a tailwind coming from 
FX. But what you also see are the headwinds that are coming from the Auto subsegment of 
Mobility, right? And I will request you to talk more to Sandesh on the specifics. But if you really 
put it together, that's where it is. And hence, you see just about a 10-bps improvement.  
                                                Having said that, I have already called about the fact that, look, whatever strategic support that 
we are offering to our customers between Q4, Q1 concludes in Q2, right? So, going forward 
from Q3, we should see improvement in margins. Of course, FX continuing should be a further 
tailwind for us, but that's where we are, Vibhor. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. And the mid-16% margin guidance by Q4FY27 or Q1FY28 that you are confident about? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes, absolutely, Vibhor. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Perfect. Good. Thank you so much. Thanks for taking my questions, guys, and wish you all the 
best. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Amit, you also mentioned in your opening remarks in the US 
reindustrialization is an emerging opportunity. So, why am I asking a question because some 
parts of the tariff-related announcement are still changing period after period. So, in this kind of 
a scenario, clients are in decisive mode. So, I just wanted to understand the nature of this demand, 
especially in the US 
Amit Chadha: 
Sure. Sure. See, what we are seeing is that, to start with, when the tariffs got announced and the 
whole thing was being negotiated, our clients built a lot of what if then scenarios, right? And 
which included either changing the supplier, moving supply from Mexico to the US, China to 
the US, looking at India, looking at other places. So, we saw all those scenarios and they 
consulted with us, they consulted with others in that area. 
                                                What we have seen in the last 2 months is some of those people have come up with those 
decisions that irrespective of what gets announced further, let's make this move and do XYZ. 
Specifically, we are seeing discrete manufacturing being set up or factories being expanded or 
starting to get expanded, plants being done in that area, clearly. 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
                                                Second, we are seeing in Medical and Pharma, people actively looking at doing stuff in the US 
itself. There is some amount of high-end electronics that people are talking about. And look, I 
would actually request you, why don't you look at the sales of people like Siemens, ABB, Hitachi 
and all these guys in the industrial automation demand that they are reporting, that is new sales 
that are happening in the US and Europe. And you will realize that all of this is going into some 
of these newer plants, refurbished plants that are happening. Am I saying production has gone 
up drastically? No. What I am saying is the plants are being activated. There's a lot more kind 
of certainty in that area that people are developing. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the detailed answer. Helpful. Just a couple of follow-ups. In terms of Intelliswift, you 
mentioned that the margins have gone up. Is it the revenue trajectory also moving up on a QoQ 
basis? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Sandeep, Rajeev here, let me take the question. So, see, both the aspects, right? One, of 
course, the revenue growth because we definitely see opportunities on the Software Platform 
side, working with the hyperscalers and also the adjacencies that we talked around in terms of 
Healthcare. 
                                                The other is on the margin. We talked about the integration plan, and we had called out that, 
look, we have an opportunity in terms of the margin improvement at the project level. We also 
have an opportunity in terms of rationalizing the SG&A cost, right? 
                                                So, if you really see in Q2, there's about 50 bps of improvement, that's actually 40-50 bps 
improvement that's coming on the SG&A cost. So, indeed, some of the plans are translating. So, 
it's not only the revenue part, but also the integration plan that's working through. 
                                                And likely, we will see that, look, a few more quarters, we should have Intelliswift get to what 
used to be Tech-like segment margins, which is where we probably will conclude because 
essentially, we want to grow the business. We want to invest in the business so that we are able 
to tap into the opportunity that is with hyperscalers. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Thanks. And sir, just last question in terms of the guidance on double digit. My calculation 
implies 3% growth. I understand Q4 seasonality strength generally comes through SWC. But in 
the Q3, don't you believe furlough can have an impact in terms of achieving this kind of ask rate 
in Q3, Q4. Q4, just a question whether SWC seasonality may continue even this year? 
Amit Chadha: 
To be played out for the year, half year. Lots of stuff in progress, action, we will see where it 
ends up. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go 
ahead.  

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted your thoughts on the fact that see the 
last 3 quarters, including the fourth quarter, we have had deals consistently with about $200 Mn. 
Now if you look at the revenue accretion, could you contextualize that? Has some of that not 
ramped up or been pushed out or have they been ramped up and this sort of replaced the leakages 
on the book? So, I am just trying to understand if you have a rising backlog? Or is it that it just 
made up for the leakage? 
Amit Chadha: 
So, look, the order book has grown. So, the backlog has grown definitely. In Engineering, the 
ramp-ups, unless you are doing a rebadge, there's a gradual ramp-up. See, like, for example, the 
$100 Mn win that we had almost 5 years ago in the Oil and Gas customer continue to grow with 
us. They finished at $100 Mn, gave us more. Now it's become a $50 Mn ARR account for us, 
2nd Quarter in a row.  
                                                So, it takes a little time for these to become 50 Mn accounts, 30 Mn accounts, all that. So, when 
you look at $200 Mn, the average of that $200 Mn is approximately between 4-odd years that 
you have got, right? So, that's how you manage that. 
                                                Second, so then if you do the math, it then goes to order backlog and there's a ramp-up that's a 
little slow. 
                                                Third, Mobility has been a challenge. And if you remember, last 2 quarters, I have been saying 
that, that Mobility has not grown for us. Some of the accounts have ramped down. There has 
been program pauses. And we believe it will come back. My belief is Feb, March, it will come 
back, but that's where that is.  
                                                And that's the reason you are not seeing it directly totally drops down and show up. Like if I 
may, see, if you look at the margins also, we had some client support to be provided in the last 
2 quarters. Now that that is gone, you will see that come into the margins. So, give us a little 
time, work with us. And I am excited that we are able to get to this number of TCV wins. We 
will continue to push on this and then revenue realization. Thank you. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Perfect. Yes. That's actually quite encouraging from a deal win improvement perspective. 
Thanks for that. On the margins, this client supports, what do you think we should be penciling 
in, in terms of recovery in margins in the second half broadly? How should we think about it? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Nitin, this is Rajeev here. So, I already mentioned it earlier. I am not sure if you are able to hear 
me out. But the strategic support that we had called out between Q4FY25, Q1FY26 and Q2FY26 
comes to a conclusion in this quarter, right? We are not anymore carrying that forward. 
                                                We have also said that our H2 margins will be better than H1. That begins with Q3 itself. We 
haven't given a specific number so far on the margin for the year. We have definitely given 
clarity that we will come back to mid-16% levels by Q4FY27 or Q1FY28. So, yes, the margins 
will improve from here on, though we have not put a number for the year, given, of course, all 
the headwinds that we saw between Q1 and Q2. But yes, I think the worst is behind us now. 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Perfect. That's helpful, Rajeev. Thanks a ton, and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Prateek Maheshwari from HSBC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Maheshwari: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Amit, I had a question, I just wanted you guys to double-click 
on the outlook for Mobility. So, you guys expect probably furloughs in 3Q, but growth from 4Q 
onwards. I wanted to understand if you guys also think that probably Automotive could also turn 
to growth by that timeline. And would it be just because of Trucks & Off-Highway, and 
Railways? 
Amit Chadha: 
Can you just repeat this question, please? 
Prateek Maheshwari: 
Amit, I wanted to understand, so your guidance is basically Mobility would turn to growth by 
Q4. So, I just wanted to understand probably if you can give it subsegment-wise, what do you 
think about Automotive in that? Or would it be just based on the ramp-ups that you are seeing 
with Trucks & Off-Highway, and Railways? 
Alind Saxena: 
So, as you are aware, Mobility for us is 3 parts. So, we talk about Automotive, we talk about 
Trucks and Off-Highway, and we talk about Aero and Rail. And if we look at how this quarter 
played out, we actually grew in the other sectors and Automotive was quiet. We expect Q4 to 
come back with growth in Automotive itself. 
                                                We are seeing deals starting to ramp up that we had closed earlier and we had talked about. They 
took a little bit of time, but now we are seeing that happen. And this is cross borders. So, we are 
fairly confident that unless something happens dramatically different in the next few months in 
Q3, we should see a good amount of growth coming across all the 3 sectors that we have in 
Mobility. 
Prateek Maheshwari: 
One question I had for Rajeev. So, I just wanted to understand SG&A. Like how much of target 
reduction is there with the Intelliswift integration? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Prateek, wouldn't be able to put a number to that, but I can give you an overall view in terms 
of where we see the SG&A for LTTS to finally arrive at. So, prior to the Intelliswift acquisition, 
I had mentioned that our then target range used to be between 10.5% to 11.0%, right? At this 
point in time, we are at about 11.5%. We will continue to work upon this, because we are also 
conscious that with the opportunities that might come ahead of us, we will invest in sales. G&A, 
we will continue to look at as part of the economies of scale, the AI solutions, etc. So, our target 
range for LTTS would be between that 10.5% to 11.0% range, which will take us a few quarters, 
more than a few quarters, but that's what we are working towards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead.  

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Most of my questions have been answered. Just one thing, 
just to try getting into this 16.5% that we are talking about, does that build a significant growth 
acceleration in the coming year or a similar growth rate that we are locking this year should be 
able to reach this point? 
Sandesh Naik: 
Yes. Sorry. We talked about 16, mid-16 before this. We will carry on with that from here on. 
So, it will be quite gradual. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. My question was more on the growth side. Do we expect growth acceleration as a 
precondition for this to be achieved? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Not really. So, we haven't put like growth will only lead to margins. I think I have talked about 
3 or 4 areas. Of course, there is one growth, quality of revenue. We are seeing a lot of large deal 
wins in Sustainability, which is, of course, a tailwind for us. That's one. 
                                                Second, you will continue to see AI-led delivery improvements. And that's across all the 
functions, right? We are looking at AI internally and also trying to see how best we can drive 
efficiency and economies.  
                                                Third, I talked about SG&A. I also mentioned the targeted range. That's the third part. Also, we 
are looking at the portfolio, because we want to be mindful in terms of how we want to grow the 
organization more towards where we see the opportunities with the customers and to tap into the 
newer areas of technology. So, any of the accounts or portfolio that are not margin accretive, we 
will give it a serious look, right? So, these are 3, 4 areas that we are looking at. It's not just 
hinging on growth. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. But given the kind of run rate we are seeing right now on the growth side of it and also 
that we are probably at a lower point of our margin in the last several years. So, what is so 
obvious to you that it gives you that confidence a meaningful 200 - 300 bps margin uptick is 
quite a possibility? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, the 200-300 margin improvement that you are talking of, of course, is over a period of time. 
I have talked about between Q4FY27 and Q1 FY28. That's one. So, it will happen sequentially. 
Having said that, I think the biggest uptick that you will see is the strategic support that we called 
out in Quarter 4, Quarter 1 and Quarter 2 of this year concludes in Quarter 2, right? So, that will 
lead to a margin uptick. 
                                                And then, of course, all the large deal wins that we are seeing in Sustainability, of course, that 
is the highest margin segment that we have. Mobility, we expect it to come back in terms of 
growth and profitability in Q4. So, there are varied factors. It is not that suddenly you will see a 
200-300 bps improvement. That's all sequentially lined up. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Sandesh Naik for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call
 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Sandesh Naik: 
So, thank you all for joining us on the call today. We hope we have been able to answer your 
queries. Any follow-ups, we will be happy to address them. With that, we are signing off and 
wish you a Happy Diwali again. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of L&T Technology Services Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and accuracy. 
