Date: October 31, 2025 
To,  
The Manager  
The Manager 
Listing Department  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block   
Dalal Street 
Bandra-Kurla Complex   
Mumbai - 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051  
Scrip Code:544282 
Symbol: SAGILITY 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
Subject: Transcript of Investors Call held on October 29, 2025 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are attaching the transcript of the Investors/Analyst Webinar held on October 
29, 2025, which was conducted to discuss the unaudited financial results of the Company for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
This information is also available on the Company’s website https://sagilityhealth.com/ 
This is for your kind information and record. 
Thanking You, 
For Sagility Limited 
(formerly Sagility India Limited, Sagility India Private Limited) 
Satishkumar Sakharayapattana Seetharamaiah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A16008
Sagility Limited 
(Formerly Sagility India Limited, earlier Sagility India Private Limited) 
Registered Office - No. 23 & 24, AMR Tech Park, Building 2A, First Floor Hongasandara Village, Off Hosur 
Road, Bommanahalli, Bengaluru – 560068, Karnataka, India 
Corporate Identification Number: L72900KA2021PLC150054 
Tel. No.: 080-71251500, E-mail: investorservices@sagility.com, Website: www.sagilityhealth.com 
SATISHKUMAR 
SAKHARAYAPATTANA 
SEETHARAMAIAH
Digitally signed by SATISHKUMAR 
SAKHARAYAPATTANA 
SEETHARAMAIAH 
Date: 2025.10.31 18:02:51 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sagility Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Webinar 
Wednesday, 29th October, 2025 at 7:30 PM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
• Ramesh Gopalan - Managing Director & Group CEO 
• Sarvabhouman Srinivasan - Group Chief Financial Officer 
MODERATOR 
• 
Siddharth Rangnekar – CDR India 
QUESTIONERS 
• 
Manik Taneja - Access Capital 
• 
Ruchi Mukhija - ICICI Securities 
• 
Chirag Kachhadiya – Motilal Oswal 
• 
Raj Vyas - Motilal Oswal 
• 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala - IIFL 
• 
Vamshi Krishna - Kotak Securities 
• 
Bhavik Mehta – JPMorgan 

 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the quarter two and first half FY '26 
Earnings Webinar of Sagility Limited. This is Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR 
India, and I shall be your host for today. As a reminder, all attendee lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there shall be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this webinar is 
being recorded. 
 
To introduce the management we have with us today, Mr. Ramesh Gopalan, 
Managing Director and Group CEO; and Mr. Sarvabhouman Srinivasan, Group 
Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made on 
today's discussion could be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain 
risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the 
quarter two and first half, FY '26 results presentation that has been uploaded 
to the exchanges. 
 
I would now like to hand over the forum to Mr. Ramesh Gopalan to begin the 
proceedings of this webinar. Over to you. 
 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to our Q2 and 
H1 FY '26 discussion. Let me give some opening remarks. In the first half of FY 
'26, we continue to demonstrate strong momentum across both Payer and 
Provider segments, underscoring the depth of our expertise and a proven 
ability to deliver at scale. The broader U.S. healthcare landscape continues to 
face ongoing challenges from rising costs, shrinking margins, and growing 
regulatory complexity. These factors are accelerating the industry shift 
towards digital transformation and operational efficiency. 
 
In the backdrop of ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties, our client 
relationships remain very strong. And we continue to engage in deep 
collaborative discussions with our clients about future possibilities. And in 
turn, they continue to entrust us with a growing share of the transformational 
agenda. Our ability to serve as strategic advisors combined with execution 
excellence enables us to stay embedded in their growth and transformation 
journey, driving mutual value and long-term partnership continuity. 
 
We are adopting a consulting led approach to help clients modernise 
traditional delivery frameworks, harnessing next generation capabilities and 
GenAI-based models to drive efficiency at a very large scale. Through this 

 
consultative and technology driven approach, we are enabling our clients to 
build resilient future ready operations. 
 
Now moving into H2 FY '26, the AEP or the annual enrolment period has just 
kicked off. And this is a very crucial season for our Payer clients. We've 
ramped up operations, and we are deeply engaged in supporting them 
through one of the most operational intensive phases of the year. Let's move 
to the next slide. 
 
So now talking about our performance in Q2 and H1. We maintained our 
momentum building on the strong start to the year. Consolidated revenues for 
Q2 came in at INR 16,585 million or $189.4 million. Marking a year-on-year 
expansion of about 25.2% in INR terms and 20% in constant currency. 
Organic growth was also strong registering 16%, year-on-year growth in INR 
terms and 11.1% in constant currency. This performance was supported by 
continued traction across both payer and provider segments with both of our 
segments contributing. 
 
The payer business grew 24.2% year-on-year accounting for 88.5% of the total 
revenue mix, while the provider vertical delivered strong performance 
expanding 33.4% year-on-year and contributing 11.5% to overall revenues. 
Operating profitability remained robust with adjusted EBITDA at INR 4,352 
million or $49.8 million representing a year-on-year increase of 25.6%. So this 
EBITDA translates to an EBITDA margin of 26.2%, very robust. And this reflects 
our assertion that technology and transformation using levers like GenAI 
benefit not only our clients but can also help us improve our margins. 
 
It's important to note that our adjusted EBITDA excludes other income and 
forex gains. And this result highlights very strong operational execution and 
improved delivery efficiency. Net profitability also stayed strong. Our adjusted 
profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR 3,010 million, up 84% year-on-year 
aided by strong EBITDA margins, higher forex gains, and declining finance 
cost. The consistent optimisation of our capital structure, including steady 
debt repayments, continues to strengthen cash flows and support 
investments in technology, analytics, and AI led transformation. 
 
We switch to the half yearly results. We are pleased to report that H1 FY '26 
registered a year-on-year revenue growth of 25.5% in INR terms and 21.4% in 
constant currency terms. And during the first half of the year, we recorded 
revenues of $369.9 million, which translates to INR 31,974 million. Organic 
growth was also strong, registering 16.9% in INR terms and 13.2% in constant 

 
currency. Half yearly adjusted EBITDA of INR 8,039 million grew 26% year-on-
year, while our adjusted PAT of INR 5,007 million grew 62.4% year-on-year. 
 
I'm also happy to announce that the Board has announced as approved, an 
interim dividend of 0.05 or 5 paise per share to be paid in Q3. So let me turn 
my attention now to the new wins. As of September 30, 2025, we have 82 
active clients. During the quarter, we secured business from 24 existing 
clients, and we also added five new clients. The aggregate annual contract 
value won from new and existing clients stands at $34 million. 
 
Some sample client wins include out of these five, there is a regional Blues 
plan, a provider of home medical supplies and equipment, and a regional 
health care organisation which offers integrated clinic-based services along 
with a health insurance plan. BroadPath, as you know, our focus continues to 
be on cross sell to BroadPath clients. 
 
In Q1, we reported our first cross sell win secured from a subsidiary of a large 
national Payer. And we are very pleased to announce that we have secured an 
incremental SOW from the same client. And in addition to that, we've also 
won a claim, SOW from a mid-sized health plan that serves small and 
medium-sized businesses. We continue to see good momentum in our cross 
sell discussions with BroadPath clients, and we have already submitted 
several proposals in the first half of 2026. 
 
Industry recognitions. I'm happy to state that Sagility has recently been 
recognised for our commitment to excellence and a people first culture. 
We've earned the great place to work certification in India, a testament to our 
strong workplace values and employee engagement. Additionally, Sagility 
Philippines has been honoured as the winner of the Asia CEO Awards 2025, 
the Service Excellence Company of the Year. These achievements reflect the 
dedication of our teams and our unwavering focus to deliver value to both our 
clients and our people. 
 
At the end of the quarter, we had 44,185 employees across the five countries 
and also a skilled team of operation specialists, clinicians, and technologists. 
The deep domain expertise continues to drive impactful outcomes for our 
Payer and Provider clients. Annualized attrition remains steady at 26.3%, and 
it's consistent with the last year's trend. Our growth has been matched by 
strong hiring momentum and stable retention, demonstrating the maturity of 
our delivery model. 
 

 
We are leveraging AI not just in the work that we do for our clients, but we are 
also deeply committed to building a future ready workforce. We are investing 
in Agentic AI powered learning platforms to drive faster personalised up-
skilling across both healthcare and technology domains. This AI enabled 
adaptive learning ecosystem is designed to enhance workforce capability, 
support retention, and prepare our teams to lead through transformation. 
Next slide, please. 
 
Yeah. These are the standard KPIs that we've reported in the past. So you can 
take a look at our client distribution and so on. But we'll come to the market 
updates. We started giving you market updates every quarter. And so let's talk 
about some of the changes in the last quarter. As you know, this tariff 
discussion has been going on for a long time. It's kind of normalised as a long-
term policy measure. 
 
So if you look at the impact on our clients' payers and providers, the tariff 
driven increase in the cost of imported medical equipment, pharmaceuticals, 
and so on is impacting our Provider clients more than that of the Payers. And 
there is no tangible impact to us, in terms of the implication of these tariffs. 
 
The other big change is the marketplace integrity and affordability final rule. 
So according to this, Payers must upgrade eligibility enrolment and 
compliance systems and meet stricter verification and reporting rules. So 
there is a few of that, people focus on the ACA market will start to see reduced 
membership and premium inflows. But as we've already told you, our 
exposure to this market segment is very low. And so we don't think, it'll have a 
substantial impact on us. 
 
In addition, we are well positioned to support payers in their increased 
demand for automation led eligibility and enrolment validation. Providers will 
also see shifts in patient coverage. They'll require tighter eligibility checks and 
revenue cycle vigilance. 
 
The third that we wanted to talk about is the higher act. Many of you would 
have heard about this. This will have impact across the outsourcing 
ecosystem, both IT services, and companies like us. There's a proposal to 
charge a 25% excise tax on outsourcing payments to foreign entities for 
services to U.S. customers. But this bill, so far hasn't passed either the House 
or the Senate. But the implication if something like this were to pass, and 
which is happening even without this is that Payers and Providers are looking 
at taking out cost, adopting a more technology driven solution to run their 
operations. And even if the tax were to be imposed, the offshoring benefits 

 
that clients get would more than compensate this excise tax that would be 
imposed. 
 
And lastly, the H-1B policy, many of you know of these announcements and 
the subsequent changes. As a company, we have very little exposure to this 
H-1B program. In fact, we have a large employee base in the U.S., and over 
99% of our employees are either and most of them are citizens and a few of 
them are green card holders. So between these two categories, over 99% of 
our employees are covered. So this isn't something that is going to be a major 
impact to us. Let's move on to the next slide. 
 
So we wanted to cover something different today, right? So since our IPO 
days, the constant question that most of you have asked us is around GenAI. 
So what is the impact of GenAI to our business? And we've openly 
acknowledged that GenAI is going to be transformative. It is going to result in 
some revenue cannibalisation. However, we are also investing in GenAI use 
cases so that we can deliver significant value to our clients. And we believe 
that this will help us grow our revenues from both existing and new clients. 
 
Some of you have come back and are saying, okay, if that's the case, how do 
you think this will play out? And so we thought we'll take the opportunity today 
to walk you through some of the deal constructs that we are currently working 
on. So that you can have an understanding of how GenAI is embedded in all of 
these deal constructs and how it plays out, when we go to market. 
 
So we've given three case studies here. These are active deals that we're 
working on. The first one is the transformation space. In this, the key, is our 
domain expertise. The fact that we understand the payer value chain end-to-
end. Using domain expertise is the key but then applying GenAI as a lever to 
take out cost that's what this case is all about. So this is for a large national 
Payer, who has already used traditional levers like offshoring and automation. 
And they are now gotten whatever, savings that they can get through these 
traditional means. They wanted us to unlock further cost savings through next 
generation levels. 
 
The solution that we proposed, what we call transformation in place. This is 
essentially first process engineering in terms of looking at the whole end-to-
end process. While we were just doing claims for this client, we are looking at 
some of the upstream processes, which also result in additional work on the 
claim side. We're using operations, analytics, process reengineering, and 
GenAI to deliver an additional 20% savings to the client. 
 

 
So in this specific case, while we are already doing some of the work for this 
client, the addition of upstream processes will more than compensate the 
savings that we are committing to the client. And because we are doing an 
end-to-end and a large savings commitment, we are also likely to take wallet 
share of some of the work that are being done by other service providers. 
 
The deal construct here is, no more the traditional FTE or transaction rate, but 
it's more of a per-member-per-month or what we call PMPM. And so, we'll 
charge them on a PMPM basis. And any savings that we generate, there's a 
gain share model by which clients will get to retain a large part of the benefits 
while we will also get to keep some of the benefits. So that's one example of 
how domain expertise and both GenAI are leveraged to create a more end-to-
end solution to generate cost savings. The second example, the example in 
the middle is one of transformation in an engagement services work. And this 
is for a regional player who wanted to achieve substantial cost savings and an 
elevated member and provider engagement experience using our cloud 
based engagement services in GenAI. 
 
Here, the key level is GenAI. And so we are proposing a GenAI powered cloud-
based engagement solution. And we are committing to a 25% to 40% savings 
across members, brokers, and provider interactions. The way these savings 
would be generated is through the use of GenAI. And GenAI will help us 
contain some of the transaction, which means humans will not be required to 
deal with some of the transactions. It'll be completely automated.  
 
And for those transactions that humans will deal with, it'll also help us in 
generating productivity improvement through Agent Assist. And the deal 
construct in this is an upfront commitment on savings. Like I said, 25% to 
40%, depending on the various queues. And the way, the deal construct works 
is while we will charge the client a certain rate for transactions handled by 
humans, the AI agents, will also be charged at a different rate. And that rate 
will be a fraction of the cost, that we charge for a human process transaction. 
So this is an example where GenAI is the primary driver of the cost savings. 
 
And where also you can attribute a specific revenue to GenAI, like I said, we 
will charge the work done by AI agents at a different rate from human agents. 
The third example is very different. This is for helping a client increase the 
revenue. And in this instance, we are proposing a solution. We are stitching 
together a solution which involves both technology and services. 
 
So this is for another for a national Payer, who currently provides B2B services 
for health benefit plans, health benefit companies, and other health plans. 

 
They currently provide provider network and claims repricing. They want to 
sell additional services to their clients by taking over services like Provider 
payments and Provider engagement. So they came to us and asked us if we 
can design a solution to help them get into those new service lines. And so 
with the technology partner, we will provide data aggregation services and 
this technology partner will help us integrate with our CRM solution so that we 
can provide both technology and operational services like this provider 
payments and engagement. 
 
In this case again, we are going to charge the client on a PMPM basis. And this 
PMPM will cover both our platform and operational expenses. So the first 
phase is stitching together the solution and delivering this on a PMPM basis. 
And then there'll be a Phase 2 where we'll again use GenAI to further improve 
efficiencies of these operational services and deliver further savings to the 
client. 
 
So just wanted to give you a flavour of the different kinds of engagements that 
we are getting into where GenAI and other transformational capabilities are 
playing a very key role. And the key theme in all of this is the scope of these 
engagements is much larger than the traditional service models where client 
used to just outsource one part of the service. 
 
And so now these are more complex. These are more end-to-end. And 
transformation is a key part of all of these deal constructs. Let's move to the 
next slide, please. The first time we are also introducing a dedicated section 
that showcases our expertise through a selection of case studies, white 
papers, solution videos, and, expert talks. 
 
We won't place all these videos here. But I strongly encourage you to go to our 
website and take a look at some of our solution videos. They'll give you a 
flavour of some of our AI offerings, including AI enabled virtual agents and 
nurses that we've spoken to you in the past, which are driving better 
productivity and engagement across our client operations. 
 
They showcase how Sagility is leveraging advanced technologies to deliver 
measurable outcomes and transform service delivery. We've also showcased 
the solutions at leading industry events and webinars, such as the AHIP 
webinar featuring our Sagi360 and our co-market solution with Availity. 
 
These platforms allow us to demonstrate the power of our AI driven solutions 
and share insights on what's new and what's next for 2025. 
 

 
In addition to the 18 use cases that we spoke about last quarter, I'm happy to 
announce that we've successfully now deployed 25 distinct AI use cases 
across nine clients. So before I hand over the presentation to Srini, let me 
summarise by emphasising a few themes. 
 
Our focus on execution remains steadfast, supported by the ongoing 
strengthening of our AI and technology capabilities. These have helped us 
deepen engagement with existing clients and extend our reach into the mid-
market space. We will as always pursue acquisition selectively. And in those 
acquisitions, we seek to not only enrich our capabilities, but also expand our 
market access. 
 
Looking ahead, we expect to sustain organic growth in the low to mid-teens in 
constant currency. We had earlier guided annual constant currency growth of 
20% and an adjusted EBITDA of 24% plus. But now given the good momentum 
that we are seeing, I'm pleased to increase the revenue guidance in constant 
currency to 21% plus and an adjusted EBITDA guidance of close to 25% for 
the full fiscal FY 2026. 
 
Our healthy cash generation will continue to fund investments in AI and tech 
capabilities and position Sagility strongly for the opportunities ahead. With 
that, let me hand over to Srini to walk you through the financial performance. 
Over to you, Srini. 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: Thank you, Ramesh. Hi, all. Like Ramesh had shared these numbers 
earlier, we have got robust revenue growth and solid margin performance and 
good PAT performance as well. Cash conversion has also been good. DSOs 
stood at 78 days, which is, one of the best considering that we have significant 
credit period. And the key takeaway in this slide is 25% plus growth in INR 
terms, both in revenue as well as in adjusted EBITDA. 
 
Next slide, please. This slide talks about the seasonality, where we have 
always said that the H1 in our business is slightly lower than the H2. H2 is 
where we have the open enrolment season. So we have just tried to depict the 
last two years out of the last 9 quarters movement, and you can actually 
notice that there is increase between Q2 to Q3. 
 
So we are expecting a better Q3 compared to the previous year. And also 
sequentially, there is likely to be a growth. Our Q3 as I said has got open 
enrolments and BroadPath contributes to the member acquisition business. 
 

 
So that is also likely to accelerate in Q3. If you notice, we have actually added 
between Q1 to Q2 of last year, Q1 FY 2025, I'm referring to the top right two 
boxes. We have an increase in headcount of close to 2,500. As against that, 
we have added close to 4,300 people in this year. And that's the reason why 
I'm bullish about how the performance is likely to be. 
 
Next slide, please. This is more a longer term view of how Sagility has 
performed. And besides FY 2024 and 2025, we have also tried showing how 
our revenues have grown on a trailing 12-month basis. That is for the trailing 
12 months ending September. You can see solid growth in revenues, in 
adjusted EBITDA as well as in adjusted PAT. And this growth is not just in dollar 
terms, it is also not just in INR terms. It's also in dollar terms. 
 
And the primary reason is the reduction in the interest costs and also the 
reduction in the amortisation expense that is driving higher PAT growth. And 
please note that the adjusted EBITDA is excluding other income. Next slide, 
please. These are some of the financial indicators that we have been showing. 
 
In the trailing 12 months, we have the adjusted EPS stands at 2.15, as shown 
here. And EPS is constantly growing. That is what I would want to bring to. 
Even the reported EPS stands at 1.71. We'll come to the details on the cash 
conversion, but before that, ROCE is stable at 50% plus and we didn't have 
any debt repayment in this quarter, but there is a scheduled repayment which 
is happening in H2 more towards the end of Q3 and beginning of Q4. 
 
So we have a repayment and this schedule has already been provided to you. 
And a cash conversion has been fairly good, I would say in the sense. And you 
will actually see a reduction in OCF primarily on account of two factors. One, 
we had close to about $6 million of unrealised gain. So that's not adding to the 
cash. And two, we also had advanced tax payments of close to $19 million. 
And $19 million that includes for both Q1 and Q2. For Q1, we paid that money 
only in July. 
 
And also Q2 was also paid in September. So the tax payout happened for the 
full H1 in this quarter. So that's another reason as to why there has been a 
cash outflow resulting in a lower cash conversion. And if we exclude the other 
income, especially with respect to the unrealised effects, the cash 
conversion for H1 should have stood at 74%. Next slide, please. 
 
This is a P&L format, sharing all the numbers in one comprehensive view 
where we have shown sequential quarter growth as well as comparison over 
the previous years. And also, we have shown the half yearly performance. 

 
Nothing really to call out, other than, I would say a solid operational 
performance with clear focus on cost management and prudent use of cash 
and over overall good performance. 
 
Next slide, please. Here are the adjustments to the EBITDA. For some of the 
new investors who have joined, we do have a difference between our reported 
EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA and there are three reasons for that. One is on 
the earn outs that the acquisitions that we have made, there are adjustments 
that are shown as expenses. And we have as Sagility, we have made three 
acquisitions. 
 
One is the payment integrity business, one is the BirchAI, and the other one is 
the BroadPath. So had these been paid upfront as cash, it would have gone 
out as a purchase consideration. But these are deferred purchase 
consideration, which are primarily to retain key employees of the acquired 
entities and hence these are routed through the P&L. The second adjustment, 
adjusted B that you see on this are pertaining to the share based payment 
awards. 
 
These are shared appreciation rights given to some senior leaders in the team, 
and this will be honoured directly by our parent company, Sagility BV and not 
the current company. And though these flow through our P&L, these are not a 
liability or a cash that will be settled by this company. It will be settled by 
Sagility BV, our parent company. Like we have explained in the past, this just 
flows through the books, but it is not a liability or a cash out flow or not going 
to dilute the shareholders' interests. 
 
The third adjustment, that you see on the EBITDA is the FX gain adjustment. 
We have started showing adjusted EBITDA other than other income. So, this 
time, since the rupee had weakened significantly and so did Peso, our 
adjusted EBITDA is lower than the reported EBITDA. 
 
We have also shown the bridge on the right hand side between the reported 
and the adjusted for half years. On the PAT, that is besides the adjustments 
that I had mentioned as adjustment one and two towards the earn outs and 
share based payments, we also have adjustments towards amortisation of 
intangibles. 
 
I know this is a repeat, but there are some new investors. So, then this 
business got acquired. The excess of cash paid over the purchase 
consideration was there was a purchase price allocation that was done and 

 
significant portion of, close to $265 million was treated as amortisation of 
intangibles towards customer relationships in the U.S. which is continuing. 
 
And every year, we have close to about $16.5 million of charge as it has a 16 
year life. So that's the adjustment. Moving on to the next slide, please. These 
are some of the go forward positions. As I said, we have a repayment of debt 
that is likely to happen in the last quarter of this year. And by end of next fiscal, 
the entire debt will be cleared. This is an external commercial borrowing at 
8% coupon rate from the parent company, and these are rupee denominated 
loan. So this has a structured repayment pattern. As per the RBI norms, it has 
to stick to the average repayment period, and that's exactly what it is. And 
these interest rates are competitive and you guys know it better. 
 
Like I said, the share-based payment awards that positions are also given. 
This we'll get over by FY '29. The earn outs on DCI, Birch is also likely to get 
over, bulk of it will get over by this year itself by end of March and these are, 
anyway, contingent upon conditions. So, we have made sufficient provisions 
and we'll ensure that appropriate action will be taken. 
 
The last two intangibles that I had explained. The one intangibles that you see 
as A, is the bigger one, which is the $16.5 million of write off towards the 
customer relationships in the U.S. The second intangibles B, are largely the 
intangibles that this company has created on account of acquiring 
companies like the DCI, which is the payment integrity business, BirchAI, and 
BroadPath. Next slide, please. 
 
Moving on to balance sheet. No major, call out. Things are robust, stable. We 
have made the right investments wherever it is required. Despite a reduction 
in the borrowings that you would see, our cash position has improved. Next 
slide, please. 
 
This is the cash flow, where we have compared the previous years, full year 
with the first half of the year. Most likely, the run rate, we will hit or marginally 
exceed the cash generated compared to the previous year, and that's 
because in the previous year, you will see the fourth row, you'll see, we had 
almost INR 48 crores of tax refunds, whereas, in the previous year, that had 
actually helped and the taxes paid were net of refunds, so we had INR 48 
crores there. Whereas, this year, we don't have that. 
 
Our additions to fixed assets have been very prudent, and we have 
consolidated some sites, which has actually helped us in an optimising 
operational cost. And nothing really to call out there. So broadly, overall, an 

 
operating cash flow we had generated close to INR 558 crores or INR 5,585 
million. And our free cash flows were at INR 4,776 million. 
 
I'll just pause here so that you can absorb. And if there are any specific 
questions, we'll be happy to answer later. That's all I had. Thank you. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you, Srini. Participants who wish to ask a question, kindly click the raise 
hand icon at the bottom of your screen. We will wait for the questions to 
assemble. We take the first question from the line of Manik Taneja of Axis 
Capital. Manik, your line has been unmuted  
 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations for a great performance in 
the current quarter. I just wanted to get your sense on two things. Given that 
the BroadPath business also is largely linked to the open enrolment business, 
do you think the revenue seasonality will probably be much higher this year 
compared to what we've been accustomed to in the prior years? 
 
And similarly, from a margin standpoint, if you could call out the different 
percentage on margins for second quarter FY '26. And once again, given some 
of the growth leverage that you will enjoy in the third quarter. How should we 
be thinking about the margins playing out in the near term? And while you've 
increased year outlook for margins for FY '26, it would be great to understand 
how are you thinking about margins over the medium term? Those would be 
my questions. Thank you. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Hi, Manik. Thanks for your questions. First, on BroadPath, yes. Like we 
mentioned, when we acquired BroadPath, a substantial part of the business 
is towards helping clients acquire newer members during the AEP for 
Medicare, right? So and that seasonality for them is more pronounced in Q3. 
Whereas our open enrolment traditionally was a little more pronounced in Q4, 
right? So to that extent, yes. Q3, is likely to be a bigger quarter for us. And, like 
I said, the AEP season has kicked off from the 15th of October, and there's a 
lot of action going on as we speak. 
 
So, yes, the contribution of BroadPath or the seasonality. If I just look at 
BroadPath's revenues, their seasonality is heavily skewed in Q3, and their 
revenues actually dropped in Q4. Whereas, the traditional Sagility's revenues 
are both, high both in Q3 and Q4. But Q4, traditionally, is a slightly better 

 
quarter for us than Q2, right? So that both those effects will basically mean 
Q3 and Q4 are both likely to be good quarters for us as a whole. 
 
Your second question on margins. Like I said, we've kind of given the 
momentum we are seeing. We've increased our adjusted EBITDA margin to 
closer to 25%. However, look Q3 while the contribution from BroadPath will 
be higher as a percentage of our overall revenue. And as you know, while it is 
seasonal and likely to generate better margins for BroadPath than other 
quarters. As a whole BroadPath margins, as we've discussed in the past are 
much lower than Sagility's margins, right? So the higher proportion of 
BroadPath revenue might dampen the margins a little bit in Q3. That's why we 
are guiding more of a 25%, for the full year. Otherwise, if you look at our Q1 
and Q2 performance and look at a traditional Q3, Q4 performance, it could 
have been even higher, right? But BroadPath's outsize contribution in Q3 will 
dampen margins a little bit. 
 
And then the medium term question that you asked. Look we broadly maintain 
that our margins will be in the 24% to 25% range. When we are acquired 
BroadPath, given that the margins were lower, we did say that it'll dilute our 
EBITDA margins anywhere between 120 and 150 basis points, which is 
happening as we speak. It is not reflecting the overall margin because the 
underlying the traditional business is being more robust. Some of the cost 
initiatives, like we mentioned are playing out. Some of the transformation that 
we are doing, like I've historically said, while a large part of the savings from 
those transformation we pass it back to the clients. We also manage to retain 
some part of those savings. And that's also helping us improve our margins. 
 
So overall, I would continue to be bullish on margins. We'll guide closer to the 
start of every fiscal year. But I would think the 24% to 25% range would be at 
least our baseline goal, even in the medium term. 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you, Ramesh, and wish you all the best. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thanks, Manik. 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ruchi Mukhija from ICICI 
Securities. Ruchi, your line has been unmuted. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on good set of number. I 
truly appreciate your disclosures on AI. I have couple of questions here. In the 
AI case studies that you disclosed, from existing client you promised 20% 
saving. For a regional client they were 25% to 40% saving now committed. Is 

 
that a secular trend that you see more savings in new account versus existing? 
Is this some trend we see? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thanks Ruchi for your question, right. So in this case, I mean, first, I might not 
have been very clear. All these case studies are with existing clients, right? So 
it's, even case two, is for an existing client. The nature of savings depends on 
the kind of work that we are doing, and also on the scope of work, right? So 
this is, the second client, the savings are much greater. Because the use case 
for GenAI there, we believe is likely to generate a much greater cost savings 
than in case one. 
 
Secondly, in the second case, while the bulk of it is GenAI, when we look at 
the overall scope, there is also some re-shoring that might happen. So we 
might be able to also provide the client some saving by moving both from 
higher cost to low cost geographies as well. But bulk of those savings come 
from GenAI. And GenAI based savings are likely to be different depending on 
the use case where we deployed. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Okay. You talked about difference in pricing between AI agents and FTE. 
Could you now help us understand, quantum of the difference even 
qualitatively? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
That's a good question, right? So if in engagements, for example, I'm just on 
the flight trying to give you numbers. It depends on where the human agent is 
currently working from, right? So if you take a traditional offshore geography, 
the broad math would be an AI agent could probably be anywhere between 
25% to 35% of a human agent. Whereas the same AI agent, if the human were 
to be based onshore, could be as low as 10% to 15% or 10% to 12% of the 
human agent, right? 
 
So it depends on, what base you're comparing with whether the human agent 
is onshore or offshore. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Okay. The last question is for Srini. Could you quantify how much was the 
currency led tailwind in the current quarter to our operating margins? 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: The average FX rates in Q2 was much higher than the Q1. The impact was 
almost 1.1% improvement in adjusted EBITDA close to about 6 million. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Thank you. All the best for the future. 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: Thank you. 

 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you, Ruchi. We take the next question from the line of Chirag 
Kachhadiya from Motilal Oswal. Chirag, your line has been unmuted. You can 
go ahead. 
 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Yeah. Hello. Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just one question. You 
mentioned, during the quarter, we have benefit of AI into our margins. So if 
you can quantify like, what benefit in terms of this point we have due to 
Generative AI or other efficiency led measures. And also, if you can clarify like, 
what pass on from this benefit we have given to the clients. That's all. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
That'd be very difficult to give a specific number saying how much did AI help 
in improving the margin, right? So the overall reason why I gave some case 
studies is also to help all of you understand how GenAI,  not only how are we 
using GenAI in deal constructs, but how commercially it also plays up, right? 
 
If you look at my three case studies, case study one also used GenAI, but it'll 
be very difficult for me to say what revenue did they generate purely from 
GenAI, because it's not a completely automated transaction. It is assisting 
humans improve their productivity, right? So it's very difficult to kind of 
attribute specific numbers. 
 
In case two, yes, some portion of the revenue could be attributed directly to 
GenAI, because I'm charging separately for a GenAI based transaction where 
there are no human involvement, right? So in our business, it's not very easy 
to very specifically quantify that this is the revenue that GenAI is either 
generating or this is the savings that I'm making purely because of GenAI. 
 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Kumar of JM 
Financial. Abhishek, your line has been unmuted. 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Good evening, and congratulations on a good quarter. My first question is on 
the ACV number that you have started disclosing for last two quarters. I just 
want to understand what to make of this, because what you were disclosing 
is, $32 million to $34 million ACV per quarter, while our quarterly revenue run 
rate is now close to $190 million. So, is it just the net new and this will result 
in incremental revenue, as we move forward, or I mean, just a definition of 
ACV will be helpful. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. So thanks, Abhishek, for your question. Yeah. So, essentially, ACV is 
annual contract value, right? So and what we are disclosing is additional 
revenue, right? As you know, in our business, bulk or almost all the revenues 

 
is recurring revenues. So we don't include any renewal of contracts in this 
number. So all of these wins are essentially incremental revenues. 
 
And in the normal course of business, $32 million ACV should generate $32 
million over a period of four quarters, and it should be recurring year-on-year, 
right? However, one caveat to that is in our business, I mean, ACV is a little 
indicative, right? So client might commit to giving us a certain proportion of 
their business, which could mean certain volumes. But these volumes are not 
cast in stone, right. So the volumes can go up, volumes can come down. So 
it's not a very hard coded ACV number. So this is the directional ACV number 
based on the scope of work that the client has committed. But, it could go up 
or come down. 
 
But broadly, yes. This is the revenue that these new deals will generate over 
the course of the year. And then, it's likely to continue to recur in future years. 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. And given there is, ask from your client to pass on productivity, AI, or 
otherwise. As you've indicated earlier, some part of this. So, I mean, it's not 
as simple as $120 million gets added next year, and so your revenue will be 
higher by $120 million. There will be some deflation on the base business. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yes. That is also true. And also, look, what I want in Q1, I will start generating 
some of that revenue in Q2, Q3, and Q4, right? So it's not going to be directly 
additive only in the next year. Part of it will flow through in the current year's 
growth as well. 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay. One last question. I think last quarter, Ramesh, you mentioned that, 
when you talk about low-to-mid teens growth, you also build in 1.5 odd 
percent of AI led deflation every year. That's big then. And now, since you have 
started using AI to get more business from the three use cases that we saw 
today. Do you think that calculation, needs a rethink, and now we can actually 
at least that 1.5% will go away? Any thoughts on those lines? Thank you. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. It's a good question, Abhishek. Again, look, it's a mix of things, right? 
Even in the use cases that I spoke about, I'm taking a certain portion of the 
work that I'm already doing. The scope is being increased by either adding 
upstream processes to that or adding more volumes to what I already handle, 
which is basically means clients giving me some of the work that they are 
already doing. 
 
On the whole portfolio, I'm committing a savings, which means a portion of 
the work that I'm already doing, I'll be cannibalising a part of that revenue. But 

 
I'm replacing it with additional work that the client is giving, right? So it's 
always going to be a mix of that when I'm dealing with existing clients. Of 
course, when I go to a new client and I pitch a completely new service and I 
bundle the upfront cost commitment, then I will reflect it in the ACP values 
that I recognise. And so that is not going to be considered a cannibalisation. 
 
But with existing clients, there's going to be a mix of cannibalisation plus 
additional work that I get. So, I don't know if that's what you are hinting at, but 
so the cannibalisation will still continue to be there. What percentage, it's 
going to be is obviously we'll have to wait and see how it plays out. But even 
this year, there is cannibalization one, because of all of these technologies 
transformation. 
 
But in our business, there's also cannibalisation when we don't lose work, but 
the client suddenly asks us to move certain piece of work that we're doing for 
them from an onshore geography to an offshore geography, right. We retain 
the same business. We retain the same SOW. We retain the same volumes. 
But now I'm delivering the same piece of business rather than which I was 
delivering at $100. Now I might be delivering it at $60, right? So there are 
various forms of cannibalisations that happen in our business. And so the 
growth that we ultimately put out is net of all of those cannibalisations. 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. That's very insightful. Thank you and good luck. 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you. We take the next question from Raj Vyas of Motilal Oswal. Raj, your 
line has been unmuted. 
 
Raj Vyas: 
Yeah. Hi. So, first of all congratulations on a very good set of numbers. And, in 
terms of your slide with respect to the excise, this 25%, this tax. So wanted to 
understand if it gets implemented or something, we will definitely have a 
margin compression. So, if we can give some numbers, if it gets implemented, 
then how much of the if it gets affected on the margins for Sagility? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Look, it's not that something we will absorb completely, right? So this is going 
to play out. First of all, I mean, upfront, I want to say the likelihood of, 
something like this getting implemented is low. But, yeah, nothing can be 
ruled out. This is not specific to, firms like us. It's going to impact every 
outsourcing business, including IT services and firms like us. And thirdly, we 
deliver from multiple geographies. Is this going to play out? Is it going to be the 
same level for all geographies? Is it going to be different? We don't know, that 
also. And, fourthly, to your point that all of these costs will be absorbed by us 
is also untrue. 

 
 
So we will have to sit down and negotiate with each client. Obviously, there'll 
be some amount that we may have to absorb and some we may be able to 
pass on to clients. So it's going to be a mix of all of that. So at this point, I don't 
have a specific number. But, if it looks like, this is something that'll pass, we 
will come back with a more definitive number. 
 
Raj Vyas: 
Okay. Secondly, as we have mentioned in the previous concalls as well that, 
Q3 and Q4 are the seasonally typically the best, at the strongest quarter due 
to this U.S. open enrolment cycle and Medicare advantage sales. So how we 
are looking forward for the next H2 FY 2026 and also I've missed the revenue 
guidance that you have mentioned. So could you please share that as well? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. So let me give the guidance, right? Previously, we are guided to see the 
organic constant currency growth of low to mid-teens is a range that we are 
still committing to. That's the same numbers we had given earlier as well. But 
combined with BroadPath, we had said, we'll be north of, we we'll do 20%, is 
what we had guided. Now we are saying we'll probably do 21% plus. So we are 
increasing that by 100 basis points or more. 
 
Raj Vyas: 
And the question with respect to, the seasonality as Q3 and Q4 are typically, 
seasonally good. So how we are looking for the H2 FY 2026? Can you throw 
some light on that? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. We discussed that, right? So BroadPath will have a seasonally strong 
quarter in Q3. And, Sagility also will have a better H2 compared to H1. So if 
you look at historically our business, if you look at the revenue split, it's 
roughly 53% to 54% in H2 compared to a 46% to 47% in H1, right. So that's the 
typical split of our revenue. So that will continue for us, and that's pretty 
much, what will be the case for BroadPath as well. But in BroadPath's case, it 
might be even a little more skewed. I don't have the exact numbers, but the 
53:47 or 54:46 that I'm talking about for Sagility. For BroadPath, the skew 
might be even a little more. 
 
Raj Vyas: 
Okay. So thank you. And, that is from my side. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you, Raj. We'll take the next question from the line of Rishi 
Jhunjhunwala from IIFL. Rishi, your line has been unmuted. 
 

 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes. Thank you so much. So firstly, in your past experience of years when 
there has been significant INR depreciations, in the following years, how have 
clients reacted to it? Have you been asked to pass on the benefits of currency 
to them in any formal manner, or do you think they generally do not interfere 
with currency movements, when it comes to year end or year beginning 
pricing for the next year? How have various cycles of, and our depreciation 
played out for us? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Hi, Rishi. Yeah. Good question, right? So in our business, two things I will 
comment, right. One, clients all of our contracts are negotiated in U.S. 
dollars. And as a rule, I can't think of any client where we have a COLA clause 
for any of our offshore delivery, right? So clients don't pay a COLA. So, 
essentially the cost is, their cost is spent in dollars. 
 
And so they do understand that given the inflationary impact in some of our 
delivery geographies, currency movement is a lever that we need to use to 
tackle those inflationary impacts, right? So typically, most clients deal in U.S. 
dollars. But then given like we've discussed, given all of the transformation 
levers in play, they're constantly looking to a cost reduction from their current 
dollar pricing. 
 
So they always deal in dollars, and they also don't get involved in cost of living 
adjustments in offshore geographies. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
So, sir is it fair to assume that, the fact that most of the companies across IT 
services and BPO services are incrementally facing pressure on AI 
productivity to be passed on to the customers. This rupee depreciation will 
help offset some of those pressures. And as a result, the impact on absolute 
EBITDA on that in future years may not be as accentuated if rupee remains 
stable? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Look, the rupee depreciation is not a new thing, right? So the rupee 
depreciation has been happening over the years. And like I said, some part of 
it helps us overcome the cost increases especially in our business, salary 
increases every year has to come out of that. But to a large extent, we rely also 
on efficiencies that we generate in our operations to fund the rest of the gap. 
We don't just rely on currency movements to retain stable margins. We also 
focus a lot on efficiencies, right? 
 
And like you said, AI helps us is another lever for us, right? Rather than just, 
operational efficiencies, which is more staffing efficiencies and other 
productivity improvements. Today, I can use AI to also generate additional 

 
efficiencies. Granted, I can't keep all of it to myself. My clients want a large 
part of it. But I still can't retain a part of it to offset the cost increases, right? 
So and remember, I operate from multiple geographies. 
 
We always think of depreciation from a rupee point of view. We've had several 
years where the Philippines pesos appreciated with respect to the dollar, 
right? And we still have to manage that and still try and keep our margin stable, 
right? So yeah, I mean it's a play involving a number of currencies that we 
have, Jamaica and so on. Yes. In some years, it benefits us. In some years, it 
cannot benefit us much. But our constant endeavour is, is not just to rely on 
currency, but also on our own internal efficiencies. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Right, sir. Thank you. The other question is on capital allocation. So now 
you've announced an interim dividend. How do we think about capital 
allocation slightly from a medium term perspective? Do you think that the 
quantum of dividend is going to sequentially improve? And is there a 
particular payout that we should expect, say, one year, two years, three years 
down the line? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
We haven't specifically pegged a percentage of our earnings or cash flows, 
right? So first of all, we want to just directionally give the message that, we 
want to start paying dividends. But as you know, we still have debt on our 
books. We still are keen on doing M&As. So we want to make sure that we have 
cash left to be able to do all of that. So directionally, yes. We will pay 
dividends. And as we extinguish debt on our books, the quantum of dividends 
is likely to go up. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. And one last question in terms of demand, we are one of the few 
companies which are effectively have increased our revenue growth guidance 
now versus where we were at the beginning of the year. How much of that do 
you attribute to the underlying demand being better in the areas where we 
operate versus us potentially executing better either from a wallet share gain 
perspective or from a client addition perspective? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Good question, right? So look, wallet share, like I said in our business doesn't 
happen, that often. So, I would say our growth isn't coming from taking mainly 
taking wallet chat from others. The biggest thing is and we've said this many 
times. The market is going through a lot of change, right? Our specific clients 
in the health care industry, especially payers, a lot of them are going through 
profitability pressures. 
 

 
So today, the focus is how can you help me take out more cost from my 
operations, right? And so we are seeing clients more open to talking to us on 
larger deals, right? So if you're willing to give me a commitment, like the 
examples we gave, if you're willing to take out 20% cost or 30% cost, I'm 
willing to give you a larger portion of the pie. 
 
I mean, in fact, in some of the processes, I'm willing to give you the full pie. 
And most of the time, the full pie basically means work that they are currently 
still doing, internally, right? And so that's what we think is playing out that 
improves our revenue growth, right? So and obviously, we're adding more 
clients as well. But as you know, in our business, initial years, the revenue 
contribution from newer clients is very small. 
 
So I wouldn't say a large part of the growth is coming from the new clients that 
we're adding, but they'll of course help us grow in the subsequent years. But 
a large part is also coming from clients willing to look at larger deal 
constructs, because they're under pressure to take pass out. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you, Rishi. 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Vamshi Krishna of Kotak 
Securities. Your line has been unmuted. 
 
Vamshi Krishna: 
Congrats for the strong quarter. So just, Ramesh, just wanted your thoughts 
on the examples that you have given. Say, some of the larger mature 
outsourcers you have committed slightly lower of course, material savings. 
Whereas for some of the regional players, the savings seems to be slightly 
higher. So is there a flavour in terms of, say, the size of or the scale of clients 
to where the savings will be different? 
 
Or is it, across various service lines, the extent of savings will be different? 
And then I have follow-up. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. So, yeah, I mean, Ruchi asked the same question, right? So I mean, see, 
mature you're right. In a certain sense that mature clients have exhausted a 
lot of the traditional levers available to them in terms of cost takeout, right, 
both in terms of sending the work to the best geography where they'll get the 
most cost advantage, using traditional tools like RPA, and other forms of 
automation. 
 

 
So all of that is exhausted. So anything incremental that we generate is 
through things like AI and so on. So the overall quantum may be slightly lower. 
But the answer is still it depends on the current process that we're looking at 
and whether some processes are amenable to complete automation, right? 
 
So if you can, if in a given process, if you can even take 20% of the transactions 
and 20% or 25% and completely automate them and then generate a 
productivity increase of 15%, 20% of the balance 75%, 80%. Then you get to 
the 30%, 35% cost saving number, right? 
 
So ultimately, it depends on the process that you're looking at, what 
percentage can be completely automated, what level of efficiencies can you 
generate in a human centred interaction. And also the level of maturity, right? 
When you do a combined deal to your point, there might still be other 
traditional tools that you could employ, that you could deploy to generate 
additional savings. 
 
There could still be some incremental shoring gains that you could get. So 
those may be possible in slightly less, mature cases. Whereas in more mature 
clients, the opportunities for those traditional funds may not exist. 
 
Vamshi Krishna: 
Just please say so, the processes, what I understand is that maybe claims 
processing or say, network management, there can be a little higher 
disruption. So is that the right understanding, or, do you think there are other 
process or which are the process that you think will be relatively more resilient 
to others? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Look, yeah, see even in claims, right? So, for example, even in the traditional 
claims, the productivity of how many claims I can do varies greatly from client 
to client, right? It all depends on the kind of systems, claims platforms that 
they use, how they've configured those platforms, what are the processes, 
right? What are some of the unique processing guidelines they may have, 
right? So all of that depends, influences what the existing productivity is, 
right? And so when you may look at a scenario like that and you say, I want to 
implement AI, then the question becomes, given all of those complexities for 
this specific client, what is the level of efficiency that you can generate, right? 
 
So even within claims across two clients, the cost savings that you could 
generate could be very different. 
 
Vamshi Krishna: 
Got that. And maybe one for Srini. Say, what is the reason for the increase in 
other financial liabilities? What does this involve? 

 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: Yes. Give me a minute. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
So, Srini, can you answer the question? 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: Yeah, yeah. 
 
Vamshi Krishna: 
Other financial liabilities, which has increased from about ₹300 crores to 
₹390 crores, so. 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: Yeah. Vamshi, I'll get back to you. I'll get the details and get back to you. 
 
Vamshi Krishna: 
Okay. Thanks. 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you, Vamsi. We take the next question from the line of Bhavik Mehta 
from JP Morgan. Your line has been unmuted. 
 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Hi, thank you. So couple of questions. Firstly, obviously, we have been 
growing at around low to mid-teens from an organic perspective, and margins 
have been going up in the organic business. And we have seen some of your 
peers over the past couple of years do some growth margin trade off where 
they want to accelerate growth and invest in the business, which comes at a 
cost of margin. So given at the scale where you are, is there a thought process 
in terms of, maybe accelerating the growth from mid-teens to maybe high 
10% or 20% plus and maybe dilute the margins to an extent because that will 
help you scale faster, win more wallet share at a faster pace. I'm just curious 
to know how are you thinking about growth versus margins? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Yeah. I get your question, Bhavik. Look, I don't think we're losing deals, 
because of our pricing and so on, right? So how much trade off do we really 
need to do on margins to grow? That's, I'm not fully convinced, right? But, I 
mean, to the question that people have asked me in the past with AI being 
able to generate more efficiencies that you can retain, are you going to 
constantly guide to a higher margin year-on-year? 
 
And our answer has always been no. We're happy staying in the 24% to 25% 
range. We'd rather use that to grow our business than be focused on 
improving margins, right? So the improvement that you're seeing in the last 
couple of quarters is not a conscious effort of sacrificing growth and 
improving margins. It just so happens that, whatever we've been able to retain 
has helped us improve margins. 
 

 
But, to your point, yes. We are happy being in the 24% to 25% range, but we 
will take all of the gains either in investing more in our capabilities or in 
aggressively growing revenues. 
 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. This second question is, on dividend and good to see dividend 
announcement coming through. If I take like a three to five year view, is there 
a certain payout percentage which is there in mind which you'll be 
comfortable with given your M&A ambitions as well? Because typically, we 
see mid cap IT companies give a 40%, 50% as payouts as a percent of net 
profits every year. So is that something we should assume for Sagility as well 
based on that? 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
At this point at the board level, we haven't narrowed it down to a specific 
number. But like I said, we just wanted to make a start and give a directional 
view that we will start paying dividends. But we'll come back to you in a 
subsequent quarter, Bhavik. 
 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Got it, thank you. 
 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Thank you, Bhavik. We take that as the last question. Thank you, members of 
the management. On behalf of Sagility Limited, that concludes our call for 
today. You may now log off the event. 
 
Ramesh Gopalan: 
Thank you, everyone. 
 
Sarvabhouman Srinivasan: Thank you, everyone. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company 
takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
