Dev Information Technology Limited 
Reg. Office: 14, Aaryans Corporate Park, Near Shilaj Railway Crossing, 
Thaltej-Shilaj Road, Thaltej, Ahmedabad - 380 059. (INDIA) 
Phone: +91 94298 99852 / 53 
 
www.devitpl.com | info@devitpl.com 
 
Offices: Gujarat | Maharashtra | Rajasthan | Canada 
CIN: L30000GJ1997PLC033479 
 
 
 
Cloud 
Services 
| 
Managed IT 
Services 
| 
Digital 
Transformation 
| 
Enterprise 
Applications 
| 
Business 
Applications 
| 
Mobile 
Applications 
 
Date: 29th November, 2025 
 
To, 
The Manager-Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block, 
Bandra Kurla complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai-400 051 
 
Trading Symbol:  DEVIT  
To, 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai -400001 
 
Trading Symbol:  543462 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earning conference call of Q2H1FY26  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
We are submitting herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call for Unaudited 
Financial Results of the company for the Second quarter & half year ended on September 
30,2025, conducted on Thursday, November 27th, 2025. 
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
company 
at 
https://www.devitpl.com/investor-relations/investor-relations/investor-news-and-
notices/extra-ordinary-general-meetings/  
This is in due compliance of applicable regulations of the SEBI (Listing obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully  
For Dev Information Technology Limited 
 
 
 
Krisa Shah 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Place: Ahmedabad 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
SHAH KRISA 
KAIRAV
Digitally signed by SHAH KRISA KAIRAV 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=380007, st=GUJARAT, 
street=5 ,DHARMISHTHA NAGAR 
SOCIETY ,AHMEDABAD,PALDI ,380007, l=AHMEDABAD, 
o=Personal, 
serialNumber=0d148fb642ad1a5177d6ac789f641ce2a46a
0172b9661a7716658794938a1af0, 
pseudonym=4f06fe3cae2b49e5bf0634c6d7548178, 
2.5.4.20=85084771729dcbf53eeb59ca8816c302300d8440c
b27e3444c7c94d4181b4266, 
email=KRISAPATEL1992@GMAIL.COM, cn=SHAH KRISA 
KAIRAV 
Date: 2025.11.29 18:21:10 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Dev Information Technology Limited Q2 & H1 FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIMIN SHAH - CEO AND MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
DEV INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MS. SAKHI PANJIYARA - KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Dev Information Technology Limited Q2 & 
H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Kirin Advisors. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sakhi Panjiyara. Thank you and over to you, Ms. 
Panjiyara. 
Sakhi Panjiyara: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to the conference call of Dev 
Information Technology Limited. From the management team, we have Mr. Jaimin Shah – CEO 
and Managing Director. 
Now, I hand over the call to Mr. Jaimin Shah for the opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Jaimin Shah: 
Thank you, Sakhi and thank you, team Chorus. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you very 
much for once again joining us today on this particular call. On behalf of the entire DevIT team, 
I am happy to welcome you to our Q2 and H1 FY'25-'26 Earning Call. This is always a valuable 
moment for us to connect with all of you, share our progress and equally hear your perspective 
so that we can also incorporate in our forward-looking journey. We truly appreciate your time 
and continued trust as well as your valuable inputs. 
Before I get into the numbers, I want to take a moment to reflect on the broader journey which 
we are building at DevIT. As I mentioned in my previous calls that in this financial year, we all 
have seen lots of geopolitical turbulence. We are witnessing lots of, you can say, product 
creation, lots of emphasis on AI cybersecurity and IoT kind of technology. And we are also 
witnessing that India is becoming one of the biggest IT consumers in the world. 
Over the last 2.5 decades, we have consistently evolved from being a regional software solution 
company to a diversified global IT services organization. Today, our work spans across cloud, 
digital transformation, enterprise applications, managed IT services, and products like 
Talligence, ByteSigner and many more on Microsoft Dynamics, which are already published on 
Microsoft Marketplace through our group company, sister company called Dhyey Consultancy. 
Our engagements with government and enterprise clients continue to strengthen our positioning 
in India's growing digital economy. Along with this, our presence in international markets, 

 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
including North America, Australia, Europe continues to grow. Supported by our partnership 
with Microsoft and other technology leaders, as well as our local ecosystem partners. Q2 FY'25-
'26 was another meaningful step towards in that journey so that we can achieve what are the 
value propositions we are creating, having all these value propositions, as well as group 
companies. We secured new strategic projects from RajCOMP, Gujarat Informatics Limited, 
Gujarat Info Petro, NICSI across enterprise software development, and that too in e-governance 
ecosystem. There are lots of cloud migration, e-governance modernization, and financial 
management orders, system order, which we have grabbed in the last six months. For us, these 
means are not only revenue opportunities, but also validation that the market trusts our capability 
and long-term execution strategies. The public issue of our subsidiary, Dev Accelerator Limited, 
worth Rs. 143.35 crore, was also an important milestone. This strengthened the balance sheet of 
the business and enabled expansion in the managed office space segment, where DevX is already 
an increasingly recognized partner or player. 
Internally, we continue to stay focused on building capabilities that are relevant for the future. 
Investments in AI, cybersecurity, blockchain, and platform development are progressing well, 
and those are our focus areas in the last nine months. The ABCD framework that we followed, 
and you all must have seen our last financial year annual report, where we have mentioned ABC 
of any business. We have added D in current quarter, so it makes ABCD framework that we 
follow, and that comprises of AI and BI, blockchain, cybersecurity, and data center infrastructure 
that will guide our roadmap for the future. Our subsidiaries, Minddeft, and products like 
Talligence and ByteSigner continue to add capability depth, while DEVlabs maintaining the 
center of innovation, building new intellectual property and products, and that's what you all 
must have seen in last EGM, that our focus is building more and more India-centric products as 
well as innovative products, so that we can create more asset-light companies or ITs, what we 
have created with DevX. 
As you all know, that this current year, and I also have mentioned in my previous call, that in 
this current year, we are focusing more on the India market business. Though it's a low-margin 
business, but our focus is to create high-value assets like DevX, and also maintaining our 
sustainability, because we don't know what is going on with North America. We don't know 
what are our tariff implications on IT services business, as far as the U.S. is concerned. We don't 
know about our trade treaty with Canada. So, all those things have created uncertainty, and here 
we are in a great position as a DevIT, because we are also present in the India market, and also 
present in the overseas market. So, we want to focus mainly on sustainability and creating more 
and more high-value assets, so that we can utilize this particular period where we can grab more 
and more India-centric business for the sustainability and creating solutions like Talligence, 
ByteSigner and many more solutions under Minddeft and Dhyey, which will be utilized once 
this geopolitical turmoil will be settled and over in the next couple of quarters. 
For Q2 FY'25-'26, our consolidated total income stood at Rs. 49.18 crore as compared to Rs. 
48.24 crore last FY'24-'25. EBITDA for a quarter stood at Rs. 3.82 crore against Rs. 11.23 crore 

 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
in the same time period last year. Reported net profit for Q2 stood at Rs. 71.88 crore compared 
to Rs. 8.11 crore in corresponding quarter last year. It is important to note that this number 
includes an exceptional gain of Rs. 93.55 crore of DevX. I just want to draw your attention that 
DevX is not just like an investment to any other thing. DevX, where DevIT is one of the 
promoters, it's like our own business unit, which we have created and this is like a different type 
of asset which DevIT has created in the last five years. And now we can see, because DevX has 
gone public, and now we can see the value of this investment or you can say an idea which grew 
six years ago that has given a high valuation to the Company's growth. So for DevIT, DevX is 
not just an investment. For DevIT, DevX is one of the business units. 
For half-year H1 FY'26, our consolidated total income stood at Rs. 92.64 crore compared to Rs. 
83.97 crore in the same period last year, reflecting a growth of 10.32%. EBITDA for H1 stood 
at Rs. 7.85 crore against Rs. 17.29 crore in H1 FY'25. Reported net profit for the half-year stood 
at Rs. 74.06 crore compared to Rs. 11.83 crore last year, again, including the exceptional gain 
of Rs. 93.55 crore. 
Alongside financial progress, we continue to focus on strengthening the organization foundation. 
This includes skilling people across new technology areas, improving delivery efficiencies and 
creating a recurring revenue mix through long-term contracts and managed services. Our ESOP 
program rolled out this quarter as well reflected our confidence in the future and our belief in 
building wealth for employees who are part of our journey. And this is because our philosophy 
is people first and business always, where we believe that whoever is there with our journey, 
even though we are having a low margin business, but we are having a very high other asset 
class IPs, we believe that whoever are there with us should also be part of our journey and should 
also be benefited through a different class of assets valuation. While the industry environment 
remains dynamic and sometimes uncertain, the long-term demand drivers for digital 
transformation, cybersecurity, AI adoption, and enterprise system modernization remain very 
strong. We believe that the momentum we are building today positions us well for consistent 
and sustainable growth in the years ahead. 
As we move forward, our goals are very clear. We are very focused, even though we are 
extremely cognizant about our margins, we are extremely cognizant about our investments as 
well as our cash flows. But still, we are extremely bullish about wherever we are investing so 
that we can create an asset class or we can create intellectual property which can give us 
extremely high valuation, what we got in DevX. And that is how you will see few different 
things from DevIT, though those concepts as well as ideas are under development. But those are 
all reached at POC level within organizations so that we have not yet informed exchanges about 
it. But let me give you without giving you a concept, a naming about those ideas. We are building 
one of the unique blockchain-based solutions for India market, which will definitely solve lots 
of hassle for every citizen of this country. This will also solve issues for bodies, that too 
government as well as different certificate issuing body for verifying those documents. So that 
entire thing is getting ready. It's already been done. Now we are waiting for customer 

 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
confirmation. Once those are all available, we will definitely come back to you all and launch 
that product. We are expecting that product will also be like what we have created in DevX. So 
that investment right now going from Minddeft and DevIT. And whenever that value will be 
created, that value will be an exceptional high value return for DevIT in the near future. 
Similarly, we are also riding on the India market growth by way of having Talligence, by way 
of our DEVlabs concept, and creating a separate ecosystem so that the entire ecosystem of 
product can be benefited through a particular entity. So more and more people can join in that 
journey as well as more and more people can come and invest into that entity so that our reach 
to customer base goes tremendously high. As you all know, the Talligence is one of the unique 
AI/ML-based, fast-based blockchain solutions which will be catering to 4 crore of Tally users in 
India. Our target is to achieve, if not 100%, but to achieve 10% of Tally, this 4 crore user by 
2028. 
Similarly, we are also working very closely to gain our early entrant access or early entrant first 
mover advantage in GIFT City through DevX. As you all know, that DevX has a center in GIFT 
City. Now, as we all know, that many GCCs are entering in India and GIFT City is offering 
outstanding opportunities for those GCCs to enter. So we are creating an ecosystem where we 
will be providing end-to-end solutions to those companies entering in GIFT City, starting from 
real estate to IT to compliance, everything that will be under one banner. So that kind of 
ecosystem or an entity is being created. And once everything is done, we will definitely come 
back and inform exchanges as well as inform all of you. 
With all those things, our focus, as you all know that our focus is ABCD. Our focus is also to 
create more and more profitability. Our focus is more to create export business. This year, our 
target was to increase more and more export business, but because of the geopolitical situation, 
we are not diverting our focus from the USA or North America. But we are, for sustainability, 
we are capturing more and more business, India market business. But good part is, this e-
governance expertise which we have created in the last 28 years, that is also giving some kind 
of return to the DevIT through our group company. I will again come back to you that once we 
reach out to an agreement, but we are on the verge of final talks where through our subsidiary 
Dhyey, we are also going to capture some of the US-based e-governance project. Because DevIT 
has a strength in e-governance. They have strength of Microsoft Dynamics and Power Platform. 
And the company in US, they are having a strength in government sector in USA. So by 
collaborating, this thing we will be capturing that particular business. And our target is also said 
that at least $1 to $3 million of business will be done in FY'26-'27. Once we are through with 
that particular agreement, we will definitely inform exchanges and inform all of you. 
As you all know that USA is becoming a very, you can say, uncertain market and as you all 
know that we have a Canada presence since last so many years. Though Canada was not having 
a good political relations in last few years, but now India and Canada is also building a good 
relations and trade is playing a very crucial role. And because our presence is there in Canada, 

 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
we see in the last 3 months to 4 months, many Canadian entities now moving towards a India 
service-based company like DevIT, Dhyey, to solve their Microsoft Dynamics problem to 
provide them cybersecurity solutions. Very soon we will be announcing a couple of closures in 
Canada as well. So our investment and our presence in Canada, we see a great opportunity in 
coming quarters in Canada. And also we are extremely bullish about Australia, then Europe 
market and MENA market, where in Australia, we are right now working with our local partners 
because we don't have a direct presence on a few AI and Microsoft Dynamics projects. So next 
year, we will see more and more our direct presence in Australia as well. 
As far as AI, blockchain, cybersecurity, and data center businesses are concerned, in AI, we have 
built a really good team in last nine months and those teams got a really good experience. And 
those teams have really created an excellent AI/ML-based intelligence new version. You all must 
have seen our social media posts that we launched Talligence 2.0 a couple of months ago. And 
that entire thing, you can say, creating a new Talligence in just last 6 months to 7 months. So 
whatever investment we have done in last four years, we did it in last 6 months to 7 months, 
because we wanted to be, we have seen that entire demand is growing towards AI, growing 
towards BI, and growing towards cybersecurity. So that product is busy and now is ready. And 
now we see a really great traction, where around 4 to 5 serious partners, they are already aligned 
and enlisted and they are started selling Talligence. So we are bullish about intelligence now, 
because of this new avatar of Talligence. 
Similarly, in blockchain, as I mentioned earlier, that through Minddeft, now we are getting good 
services, contracts, and we are creating intellectual property. And that will launch and announce 
very soon. As far as cybersecurity is concerned, as you all know, that in last January, we have 
in last December, we announced that business unit and in January, immediately within a couple 
of months, we got a contract from one of the data centers and existing customers from USA. 
And that business has also grown. And we see that business growing from $500,000 to $2 million 
in next financial yearend. 
As far as data center is concerned, data center is one of our key delivery and managed IT 
expertise, which we have created in last 10 years. And now you all know that India is becoming 
a very popular destination, as far as data center is concerned. In Gujarat, we are serving more 
and more companies coming in GIFT. In Gujarat, government has started providing incentives 
to data centers. Similarly, in states like Chhattisgarh, states like Maharashtra, they are also 
offering more incentives to data centers. And we, being a very old data center service provider, 
we are right now in a final talk to a data center creator, where we can provide data center 
management solutions and services to their customers. So, this is how DevIT is focusing. We 
are extremely cognizant about our revenue. We are extremely cognizant and aware about our 
margins. But we are extremely, you can say, confident about our asset class creation, which you 
have seen in DevX. And similarly, you will see in this four segment, which we are focusing right 
now. 

 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
So, once again, thank you for being here for today and for being part of the story, which we are 
building at DevIT. We look forward to your questions and the discussion ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
Vinod Shah with VS Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Vinod Shah: 
Hello. Good afternoon, sir. Total income growth this quarter year-on-year was very modest. So, 
going forward, what would be the key drivers that would accelerate this revenue growth? 
Jaimin Shah: 
Vinod bhai, as I mentioned in this call, as well as in the last couple of calls, currently our focus 
is maintaining the growth, which we are doing since the last couple of years, but maintaining 
sustainability is our main focus. So, we are really optimistic about growth in these next six 
months because we are focusing mainly on the India market. And fortunately, our USA market 
and our export growth has also been seen in the last couple of months. So, by this year end, we 
will be, I think, if not surpassing, but we will be doing reasonably good as far as revenue is 
concerned, revenue numbers are concerned in current year. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay. And sir, what about the EBITDA margins? Like they have declined year-on-year basis. 
So, what are the main reason and how soon we can expect the improvement in that? 
Jaimin Shah: 
Yes, that's what I mentioned in all the calls that one of our focus area is a low margin. And as 
you know, that we are investing more and more in creating other asset class, like what we created 
in DevX. For you, it will be an investment, but for me, it's a business. It's a business unit, where 
we have invested a few years ago, now we are getting extremely high returns. Similarly, we are 
in this 6 months to 9 months, we have invested heavily into creating a few intellectual property. 
And those intellectual property, those expenditure, which we are spending right away, if not all, 
then few will definitely give us a high return in next few quarters, because I also wanted to 
upskill my employees. If I do that upskillment and if I don't utilize them in creating some kind 
of value proposition, then that's my sheer loss. So, what we have done, we are upskilling them. 
So, our margins will decrease, but we are utilizing them for creating IT based solutions, not only 
in DevIT, but also in Dhyey. And if you can go and see Microsoft Marketplace, around 40 plus 
solutions are already available on Microsoft Marketplace. So, those are all investments are done 
during this particular period, so that we can gain those return in coming quarters. 
Vinod Shah: 
I can see that there is an exceptional gain of some Rs. 92 crores. Can you describe that and going 
forward, how would be the profitability look like? 
Jaimin Shah: 
So, the exceptional profit or income is DevX. So, DevX, as you all know that DevX went public 
and DevIT's shareholding decreased from 23% to 17% in DevX, so that as per accounting norms, 
we have to calculate the current valuation of DevX shares and we have to take it into our P&L. 
So, that is the valuation of DevX share market price based on 30th September 2025. So, that will 
be totally linked with DevX performance as well as market price in coming quarters. And 
similarly, we will be having more and more value proposition businesses through Dhyey or 

 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Minddeft and DevIT per se. So, EBITDA, which we are focusing right now, is to increase that 
EBITDA, but currently our focus is to maintain sustainability. So, this year we might have a 
similar EBITDA like last year, but creating this value proposition will also result into 
extraordinary valuation like what we got in DevX. Similarly, we are working on four different 
concepts that may give us a really high growth valuation in coming quarters. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay, sir. Sir, next question is like on the revenue mix. So, how much of our current revenue is 
recurring versus project driven? 
Jaimin Shah: 
You mean to say how much is the project which... So, can you please elaborate? 
Vinod Shah: 
Yes, sir. I just wanted to know like how much of it is like recurring revenue? 
Jaimin Shah: 
So, normally our business, we are having one year of contract with the majority of our customers. 
And till now, in last 28 years, over 80% of customers, they have renewed those contracts for 
another one year. I might not be exactly aware about 80% or 90% or 70%, but majority of 
customers, they are renewing our contracts for another one year. So, you can say 60% are 
recurring business and 40% are new business. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay. And sir, are you facing any pricing pressure in cloud services or digital transformation or 
government-led IT modernization projects? Are you facing any pricing pressure there? 
Jaimin Shah: 
So, pricing pressure, we are definitely facing not only in India market, but also in North America 
market. Everywhere, pricing pressure as well as payment pressure are there. Previously, in North 
America, people were ready to pay in 30 days, but now they are negotiating it with 45 days to 
60 days. And similarly, in India, it is open secret that India is a price conscious market. But even 
though it's a price conscious market, but business predictability is there. So, as far as pricing 
pressure, your exact answer to pricing pressure is that yes, there is a pricing pressure in every 
market. And now, having this labor code introduced, now we have to revisit our pricing structure 
as well. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay. It's still primary, but how much with new labor codes, how much increment in cost you 
are expecting? 
Jaimin Shah: 
That's really not been done remotely. So, I cannot predict any number right now. 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay, sir. 
Jaimin Shah: 
Fortunately, our majority of our contracts, they are having a clause of this government regulatory 
increment. So, we don't see much of a margin pressure as far as DevIT is concerned and as far 
as India market is concerned, that we might have to take a hit of those, if at all there is something 
incremental pricing. But those things are already covered in our majority of our contracts. 

 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Vinod Shah: 
Okay, sir. That's all. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes to the line of Mahesh Sheth with VY Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Sheth: 
Good afternoon. I have a question, how is the traction shaping up in overseas market, especially 
in the US and Canada, where you are strengthening the partnerships? 
Jaimin Shah: 
Okay. So, Mahesh bhai, in US and Canada, traction are already there. People are right now 
slightly uncertain about how their local government will treat a service export. But as our 
relations with those companies are very old, so we are not facing that issue. And that is how our 
investment in Dhyey results into a positive side, because they have their presence in Houston, 
and they have a company called Dynamic Start. So, companies are not seeing it negatively. So, 
that's becoming a positive part for DevIT. As far as the opportunities are concerned, we see 
really great traction in last three months in USA as well as Canada market in terms of their SME 
companies are now spending more and they are also ready to outsource their services. But only 
thing that they want to deal with local entity and that's how our Dynamic Start and DevIT North 
America become a very important part. And that's how those two companies, which we have 
started are giving us a positive response. Another thing which we have seen in last two months 
about Canada, that Canada and USA, their relations are spoiled. And Canada has now seriously 
thinking that they should move away from USA and they should also maintain extraordinarily 
good relations with India. I am also part of Indo-Canada Business Chamber Association in India. 
So, I see that attraction very well. But now those companies are moving away from USA service 
provider to other service provider like India. And now, those companies in Canada are really 
focusing more on ERP business and cybersecurity services. And that is how, as I mentioned in 
my speech that we are getting good traction from Canada. And because our presence is there in 
Canada from year 2012, we are being seen as a serious player. 
Mahesh Sheth: 
Okay. Got it. And are you also planning to open new delivery or business development centers 
internationally to accelerate more growth? 
Jaimin Shah: 
Yes, that's what our wish are. And that's what we came out with our preferential warrant, where 
those money will be utilizing for acquiring a local non-India based company, mainly into North 
America or Europe or in Australia, but mainly in North America. If not acquiring a company, 
then having our own physical presence in this area. Though we have our physical presence in 
Canada, but we want to have our physical presence in US other than Canada as well. So, that is 
already been done. That's already within our planning. And that's what this kind of partnership, 
which I mentioned in my speech about having a partnership with a local government, service 
provider, and that's a step towards having our physical presence in North America. 
Mahesh Sheth: 
Okay. Got it. And is your margin profile in international business where it's like materially 
stronger compared to domestic government contracts? 

 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Jaimin Shah: 
Yes. So, international market, because of exchange and because of our service delivery cost is 
low, margins are obviously high in export business. 
Mahesh Sheth: 
Okay. Thank you for answering. That's it from my side. I will come back in queue. Thank you. 
Jaimin Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Prashant Shah, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Prashant Shah: 
My first question is, how will the fundraise to Dev Accelerator public issue translate into revenue 
or profitability for the group? 
Jaimin Shah: 
So, as far as DevIT is concerned, revenue of DevX as our business, our DevIT's total equity is 
less than 20%. So, that revenue is not being merged into our balance sheet and consolidated 
balance sheet. But there are business needs. So, DevX is providing two things. One is managed 
co-working space to majority to IT companies. And second one is they are into startup 
accelerator. So, there are many customers of ours who are looking for India Development Center. 
But they want to align with a company who can provide a consolidated solution like co-working 
space and IT services. So, we are getting a benefit out of DevX presence in 28 locations in India. 
So, we are getting majority or many customers because of this co-working and because of our 
IT capabilities. So, for us, DevX is one of the units which provides us more and more, you can 
say, leads or opportunities. 
Prashant Shah: 
Okay. And what is the medium term vision for DevX for more centers, new cities, strategic 
partners, etc.? 
Jaimin Shah: 
So, DevX has its own, though we are a co-founder and promoter of DevX, but we have kept its 
management completely different than the IT so that they can grow fast and they have agility. 
They have a plan to open more and more centers. So, currently, they are having 28 locations. 
And very soon, they will be reaching to around 35- to 40-odd co-working spaces in different 
parts of India as well as different area of a city. So, like in Ahmedabad, they have two centers 
and they are opening another two centers very soon. So, similarly, in Vadodara, Rajkot, Surat, 
they opened in Surat. So, they are expanding more in tier-2 cities of India. 
Prashant Shah: 
Okay. And how much of your revenue currently comes from your subsidiaries and how far do 
you expect it to grow its contribution? 
Jaimin Shah: 
Okay. So, as far as our subsidiaries are concerned, in our consolidated balance sheet, it's around 
Rs. 25 crores of revenue coming from two subsidiaries, mainly Dhyey and Minddeft. And as far 
as these two companies are concerned, in Dhyey, we are expecting at least double in the next 
couple of years. And in Minddeft, we are creating a couple of products on blockchain, which I 

 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
mentioned in my speech. So, that will create more and more intellectual property so that our 
annuity business coming from that two products. 
Prashant Shah: 
Okay. I will get back to the queue. Thank you. 
Jaimin Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes to the line of Riya Shah with Orient Capital. Please go ahead. 
Riya Shah: 
I have a question. What level of investment is planned for AI cybersecurity and blockchain 
capabilities over the next 12 months to 24 months? 
Jaimin Shah: 
Okay. So, as far as AI cybersecurity and blockchain are concerned, we are right now already 
investing. But that investment is considered under product development because we are using 
those people in two things. One is scaling them. That's how our margins are low. And another 
one is creating high-class AI/ML-based solutions and we will be announcing soon a couple of 
products using AI and blockchain. So, you can say, around Rs. 7 crores to Rs. 12 crores will be 
invested mainly on AI and blockchain are concerned. As far as cybersecurity is concerned, our 
idea is to use, create a center of excellence like what we are doing with AI, similarly with 
cybersecurity, so that we have a world-class shop in our existing infrastructure. So, in 
cybersecurity, we are expecting around 3 crores to 5 crores more to be invested. So, all in all, 
around 12 crores to 18 crores is what we are expecting to invest for R&D or for a center of 
excellence creation. 
Riya Shah: 
Thank you. That is all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ishita Sen with Urban Sphere Consultant. 
Please go ahead. 
Ishita Sen: 
Could you share more insights on our current order book and the typical execution cycle 
timeline? 
Jaimin Shah: 
Okay. So, our current order book is around 40% of our total revenue. So, if I add my current 
order book, so I have a visibility of around Rs. 130 crores to Rs. 140 crores in this financial year. 
And out of that Rs. 130 crores, we are expecting Rs. 30 crores to Rs. 38 crores of that order book 
will be continuing in FY'27. As far as the remaining new orders are concerned, so we are 
expecting really good orders in next four months. So, those orders, we are expecting around Rs. 
25 crores to Rs. 28 crores of order and I am just mentioning those Rs. 25 crores to Rs. 28 crores 
which will last till FY'26. So, for order book is concerned for FY'27 is around Rs. 38 crores to 
Rs. 45 crores including what we are going to receive order in next four months. 
Ishita Sen: 
Okay. Thank you. So, that's all from my side. 

 
Dev Information Technology Limited 
November 27, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Sakhi Panjiyara 
for closing comments. 
Sakhi Panjiyara: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of Dev Information Technology Limited. 
If you have any queries, you can write to us at research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank 
you, everyone, for joining the conference call. Have a good day. 
Jaimin Shah: 
Thank you, Chorus and team, Kirin. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
