 
 
 
 
 
 
October 24, 2025 
 
To, 
The Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code Equity: 505537             
 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ZEEL EQ             
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call 
 
This has reference to our communication dated October 16, 2025 and pursuant to the provisions of 
Regulation 46(2)(oa)(iii) read with Schedule III of Part A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), the transcript of the conference 
call held on October 16, 2025 on the Company's performance for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025, is enclosed herewith. The said transcript is also available on Company's website 
at: 
 
https://assets-prod.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/10/Q2_FY26_Earnings_call_Transcript.pdf  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ashish Agarwal 
Company Secretary  
FCS6669 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
Ashish 
Ramesh 
Agarwal
Digitally signed by Ashish Ramesh Agarwal 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2117, 
pseudonym=1334468598900485079gGu4B67ly
5Cuy, 
2.5.4.20=1bae016adfa46bb588a685c7f2771bc2d
c417f4500a4a36bf9dcb2b25f0928f6, 
postalCode=400064, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=2d484d33b95e6004b8529e3fc75
0f2413e1a7b7b01ecb532e879129f4a45d565, 
cn=Ashish Ramesh Agarwal 
Date: 2025.10.24 17:53:41 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
October 16, 2025 
Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read 
in conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in 
the transcript is a textual representation of the company's event and while efforts are made to provide 
accurate transcription, there may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the 
substance of the event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, correctness of data or 
transcription error. This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related 
to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future 
business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” 
“plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” or “will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters 
that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These uncertainties may cause actual future results to be materially 
different that those expressed in such forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to 
update its forward-looking statements. 
 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Call hosted by Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Arora, Head of Investor 
Relations, Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thanks, Sagar. Hello, everyone. Welcome to our Q2 FY '26 earnings 
discussion. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the results. 
Today, we are joined by our CEO, Mr. Punit Goenka, along with the senior 
management team. We will start with the opening remarks from Mr. 
Goenka, followed by commentary on operating and financial performance 
by Mr. Mukund Galgali, Deputy CEO and CFO. We will subsequently open 
the floor for questions and answers. 
 
Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that some of the 
statements made or discussed on today's conference call will be forward-
looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with risks and 
uncertainties we face. The company does not undertake to update any of 
these forward-looking statements publicly. 
 
With that said, I will now hand the call over to Mr. Goenka for his opening 
remarks. Thank you. 
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you, Ankit. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for taking time out to 
join us today. First and foremost, I would like to extend warm wishes to all 
of you and your loved ones for a wonderful festive season. This month has 
been celebratory for a number of reasons, including the 33rd anniversary of 
satellite television and your company, Zee, which have together built this 
industry, and we are all a part of it today. 
 
As a cultural soft power of our nation, the media and entertainment 
industry continues to grow steadily across all segments. Amidst this, the 
company is taking firm steps to build a robust foundation for its future 
growth. Investing for the future often requires consistent action and 
making some tough choices. 
 
As you must have noted, the company's performance during the second 
quarter of the fiscal also reflects the deliberate investments and strategic 
recalibrations undertaken to strengthen the business fundamentals and 
drive sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders. One of the most 
significant results of these steps is the continued improvement in our 
digital business quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Our strategic approach focused on the performance and profitability of 
ZEE5 is yielding considerable results. The tailored subscription plan in 
seven languages unveiled in the previous quarter are garnering a positive 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
response from users. This has resulted in an uptick in the subscription 
revenue sequentially. 
 
We remain committed to achieve profitability in this segment in the 
quarters to come on the back of these concerted steps. Our efforts taken 
to enhance the content offerings across the linear business have also 
boded well with the company garnering an 18.2% market share in July. 
 
With a compelling content line-up, we are further strengthening our 
position across the language markets. I am pleased to share that 7 channels 
from Zee achieved leadership in their respective markets. This can be 
attributed to our newly launched on shows across languages, which have 
emerged as slot leaders and our iconic non-friction properties that 
continue to drive strong viewership gains. 
 
As you would have noted, the strategic approach undertaken to enhance 
the content offering has impacted our profitability during the quarter. 
While our content costs have increased, it should be considered with a 
balanced lens of viewership and market share growth. 
 
The judicious investment in content is a conscious choice taken by the 
company to invest for the future after a careful evaluation of the balance 
sheet. The launch of new shows across languages also resulted in a 
marginal rise in the advertising and promotional spend during the quarter. 
 
As we progress into the second half of the fiscal, we expect these costs to 
stabilize and accrue higher gains in advertising and subscription across 
segments. On advertising revenue front, the onset of an early festive 
season, coupled with a steady resurgence in spend is building a positive 
trend for the company. 
 
During the quarter, we witnessed a marginal uptick in the advertisement 
revenue sequentially due to the higher spend by FMCG companies. The 
recent implementation of GST reforms and the continued festive period is 
expected to spur the positive momentum and encourage spending from 
advertisers and consumers alike. 
 
We continue to maintain a cautiously optimistic outlook on advertising 
revenue growth in the midterm with a conducive growth environment 
boosting the segment. In line with our growth plans for the future, the 
company has also marked a strategic entry into new segments like short-
form content. 
 
We firmly believe in the potential of these businesses to expand our 
audience base and offer engaging experiences at the intersection of 
content and technology. We have also partnered with Ideabaaz Tech 
Private Limited for our upcoming content offering, Ideabaaz, which was 
launched at an event held at the National Stock Exchange recently. 
 
The show aims to fuel the start-up ecosystem of the nation. We are 
leveraging the strength and reach of our linear and digital platforms with 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
this format, and we will continue to strengthen our offerings to actually 
reflect India's culture and ambitions. 
 
On that note, I would now like to hand over the call to Mukund to share 
further details about the company's performance. I look forward to 
interacting with you all in the Q&A session. Once again, wishing all of you a 
joyous festive season. 
 
Thank you. Over to you, Mukund. 
Mukund Galgali: 
Thank you, P.G. Good evening, everyone. It is always a pleasure to connect 
and interact with all of you. Before I dive into the financials, I would like to 
take this opportunity to wish each one of you a very happy and prosperous 
Diwali. 
 
I hope you had an opportunity to go through the results of quarter 2 for the 
financial year '25-'26, which have been uploaded on our corporate website 
and on the stock exchange portal. I will focus my remarks on providing 
more context to our performance during this quarter. 
 
I would like to begin with an update on our digital business. During the 
quarter gone by, we released 26 shows and movies, including 7 originals. 
Our digital entertainment platform, ZEE5, continues to demonstrate 
healthy growth with stable usage and engagement metrics. ZEE5 revenues 
increased by 32% Y-o-Y in quarter 2, aided by enhanced content offering 
across 7 languages and the revised pricing strategy driving our subscriber 
growth. 
 
This is in line with our strategic priorities as we remain sharply focused on 
maintaining a balanced cost structure, driving return on investments to 
sustain our long-term growth. We registered our highest ever quarterly 
revenue crossing INR 3,000 million, leading to more than 80% reduction in 
EBITDA loss to INR 312 million in quarter 2 FY '26, aligned with our stated 
objective to achieve breakeven in ZEE5. 
 
During the quarter, while we saw some gradual pickup in advertising spend, 
it was largely led by FMCG, the pace of recovery is still observed to be slow. 
Our advertisement revenues were 11% lower Y-o-Y and 6% up Q-o-Q, 
reflecting a slow yet steady pace of recovery. 
 
Looking forward, we are, however, optimistic of gradual recovery to 
continue in H2 on the back of festive season, leveraged with our enhanced 
network share and growth in digital business. On the subscription side, 
overall revenue grew by 6%, driven by growth in our digital business on the 
back of introduction of language packs, which I spoke about earlier, and 
renewal of contracts with DPOs in our broadcast business. 
 
In our broadcast business, the overall TV landscape remains in a healthy 
range with weekly impressions above 28 billion and weekly reach over 745 
million. We continue to be India's strong number 2 TV entertainment 
network. As we look at the viewership share for quarter 2, we have gained 
100 bps Q-o-Q, taking our network share to 17.8%. 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Our flagship channel in Hindi GEC Zee TV has witnessed a strong growth in 
GRP during the quarter, with 4 shows featuring amongst the top 10 in the 
recent weeks. And on a Y-o-Y basis, the network share gain was 40 bps 
aided by language markets and our return to the free-to-air segment.  
This demonstrates that the implementation of our strategic efforts is 
delivering results in the right direction. On our movies business front, 
during the quarter, we released eight movies, five in Hindi and three in other 
languages, of which four we produced and four were distribution deals.  
And on the other hand, in our music business we garnered over 54 billion 
total video views with over 172 million subscribers on YouTube, driven by a 
new age music catalogue and a rich library. Within the music business, our 
profitability remains to be fairly healthy, and we are diversifying our 
catalogue into other language markets. 
Further, our focus on the syndication vertical as highlighted in the previous 
quarter is showing good promise. And therefore, our other sales and 
services during the quarter was up 8% Y-o-Y, aided by the syndication 
deals.  
Moving to costs and profitability of the company. The overall operating 
cost has increased by 9% Y-o-Y due to higher programming and 
advertising and publicity costs. During the quarter, we launched our daily 
non-fiction show Chhoriyan Chali Gaon in Zee TV and launched two new 
GEC channels in Kannada and Bangla markets.  
Being a market leader, our viewers demanded higher quality of content 
from us and these investments will further fortify our leadership position in 
these markets and will aid in sustaining long-term growth. As our business 
has a high degree of operating leverage and in context of a soft advertising 
environment and with increase in total operating costs, it has impacted our 
profitability with our EBITDA margins at 7.4%.  
You must note that higher content costs must be viewed from a lens of 
investment for medium- to long-term period, as Punit had also mentioned. 
And some of these will normalize as we move forward in H2 of this year, 
expecting this investment to yield an uptick in our revenues and which will 
be aided by improved viewership trajectory. Our profit after tax for the 
quarter came in at 765 million. 
On the balance sheet side, our focused efforts have enabled us to 
strengthen our liquidity and financial position. The cash and treasury 
investments as of September '25 stood at INR 21.1 billion, which includes a 
cash balance of 3.8 billion and fixed deposits of 6.9 billion and investment 
in liquid mutual funds of INR 10.5 billion.  
Our content inventory continued to decline in H1, driven by optimized 
acquisition. September '25 content inventory advances and deposits 
stood at INR 69.9 billion, lower by INR 600 million since March '25.  

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Moving through in H2 FY '26, we expect the revenues to see an uptick, while 
profitability and cash generation continue to remain our priority. And we 
should see margins improving on a comparable basis, driven by the 
strategic initiatives being implemented.  
With this, I would like to hand it back to Ankit. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thank you. Thanks, Mukund. Sagar, we can now open the call for Q&A 
session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question comes from the line of Kavish 
Parekh from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Hi, team. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the advertising 
side of the business. So, at the start of the year, you aspired for 6% to 8% 
ad revenue growth, but 1H ad revenues are down about 14%. While you have 
highlighted over the past quarter, several initiatives to revise the segment, 
the impact, I believe, will take some time to fully reflect in the reported 
numbers? 
 
So, could you help us understand the revised outlook for ad revenues in 
the second half of FY '26 and how you are thinking about growth aspirations 
for FY '27 and what will be the key drivers here? 
Vikas Somani: 
The advertisement, as we have informed you, we have undertaken a 
number of initiatives, be it on the content side or opening up new avenues. 
Yes, the advertisement growth, which we were expecting in the beginning 
of the year and especially from the FMCG expectations are short of that 
and therefore achieving 8% to 10% growth, which we had given a guidance, 
looks a bit difficult speaking today. 
But we are still hopeful for the second half, and we have always maintained 
that this year, the second half is going to be back ended in terms of the 
revenue growth as well as the profitability. There is going to be a positive 
impact of all the initiatives which we have recently undertaken. Some of 
them have already started showing fruits in terms of the rating uptick for 
some of the channels and especially Zee TV, which Mukund was talking 
about.  
And secondly, there are some policy-related macro factors, be it GST 
benefit and a few other impacts, which we are expecting to flow in, in a 
couple of months. So yes, to summarize, second half we are more hopeful 
as compared to the first half and that is how we are looking. We avoid giving 
a specific guidance right now because we are still waiting and watching 
how it pans out, but in terms of the sentiment, we are hopeful right now. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Got it. Secondly, on the cost side, there has been a notable increase in 
advertising and other expenses. We understand that this partly reflects 
new shows and channel launches, but we have also seen ZEE5 losses 
narrow sharply. So, this just makes the overall cost trajectory seem a bit 
elevated. So how do you think of margin trajectory over the coming 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
quarters? Again, I think given that ad revenues have remained soft, the exit 
margin aspiration of 18% to 20% seems a bit aggressive? 
Punit Goenka: 
Mukund? 
Mukund Galgali: 
So, Kavish, that is right. Coming to your comment on the margin aspirations, 
which does look difficult right now. At the same time, in terms of our cost 
increase in programming and other costs. So, in case of digital, while the 
number of launches has increased, we have seen only a moderate increase 
in the digital content cost. 
Whereas we have launched two new channels like I mentioned in Kannada 
and Bangla as well as we had this daily nonfiction show, which is a new IP, 
which has been rolled out from Zee. So, these are costs which are not a 
regular cost feature, but the benefits of this will be seen in the medium 
term. The digital costs have been controlled, although a number of 
launches have increased. So therefore, the margins continue to improve in 
digital, and we will continue to see that going forward. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Sure. And lastly on the cash flows, could you share some more color on the 
current year-to-date cash generation? So there seems to be some build 
up in receivables, which appears to have impacted operating cash flows. 
Request you to explain the same? 
Mukund Galgali: 
So, Kavish, our receivables are largely from advertising and subscription. 
And while advertising has a regular flow in terms of their occurrence 
throughout the year, but subscription collections are a little lumpy and 
they generally tend to increase in quarter 3 and quarter 4. So, there is a 
marginal increase in our trade receivables, which is a normal trend in this 
business. So, we expect to improve on those fronts in the coming quarters. 
Kavish Parekh: 
All right. Thank you so much. Wishing everyone a very Happy Diwali in 
advance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Umang Mehta from 
Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Umang Mehta: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, first question was on ad revenue. Your 
commentary was a bit mixed. You try to sound positive, but you said it is 
cautiously optimistic. Possible to highlight what trends are you seeing in 
last few weeks after this GST cut, has there been any pickup in FMCG ad 
spend and do you expect a positive ad revenue growth in 3Q? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, I just maintain that we have already seen some uptick coming from the 
FMCG sector. It is still early days. And as Vikas just said that the GST 
pullback impact will be seen over the next couple of months. So H2 is 
something that we will be looking at from that perspective. And that is how 
we are monitoring the business and working on that. 
Umang Mehta: 
Understood. And basis your current visibility on how second half will pan 
out and the growth assumptions you all are working with, and you also 
mentioned that costs will stabilize over here. I am assuming ad costs will 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
go down given this quarter was unusually high. Possible to quantify in some 
terms what kind of margin profile can we expect in second half? 
Vikas Somani: 
We would avoid quantifying or giving you any specific number. But what 
we can say given the cost structure and the cost structure trajectory in 
the second half, as Mukund had said, the bump-up in the cost was more 
towards investment, and growth oriented. This is getting reflected in the 
ratings of the content. So given all that, what we can tell you is we are sitting 
on a good operating leverage at this point of time.  
The costs are not expected to go much up, or this bump up is not expected 
to be continued in the next second half. And at the same time, we are 
expecting the impact of good ratings, which usually come again with a lag 
of a couple of months and as well as which I said earlier, the policy-related 
impact. So, all that with the operating leverage would probably go and 
enhance the margins. 
Umang Mehta:  
Okay, sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sadanand Shetty from 
Stellar Asset Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Sadanand Shetty: 
What were the key drivers behind the spike in ZEE5 numbers? And which 
specific metrics have shown the most improvement? 
Punit Goenka: 
I think the biggest spike in ZEE5 metrics is on account of subscription 
revenue and advertising revenue. Both metrics have seen substantial 
growth, and that is what we are tracking on a weekly and a monthly basis. 
Sadanand Shetty: 
So does that amplify the transition to Digital from linear TV and advertising 
revenue is growing... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Sadanand, sir, your voice is cracking a little bit. If you can 
please repeat your question. 
Sadanand Shetty: 
Advertising revenue is actually shifting to digital than the linear TV. Is that 
correct? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Sadanand, we are now operating in both the businesses. And we have 
to consider our performance on a consolidated basis. We can't now look at 
linear separate and digital separate. We have to look at this as a combined 
business that we are running. And therefore, if the combination is working 
in positivity for the organisation and for you all, then it is a positive impact. 
And that is not just for advertising but even for subscription. 
Sadanand Shetty: 
Okay. Sure. I have a second question. When do you expect the channel 
gains to be reflected in the revenue numbers? 
Punit Goenka: 
So generally, Sadanand, the lag effect is 13 weeks to 16 weeks that we have 
seen in the linear business. So that is what we expect it to be. But we are 
working with the advertising agencies and the advertisers to speed it up, 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
given that we are entering festive with a healthy viewership share. So, we 
are trying to see how much shorter we can make. 
Sadanand Shetty: 
We have been sustaining the channel share gains. What should, in terms of 
percentage, it should reflect the yields in the numbers...? 
Punit Goenka: 
We are coming out of a very subdued market where the advertising yields 
had fallen significantly, including the entire inventory consumption. So, we 
are working on both those aspects of getting the yields back up as well as 
getting the inventory consumption filled up on the network. So, both those 
will be the combination of what will result in some growth. If you are asking 
me for a number, I don't think I am in a position to give you a number right 
now. 
Sadanand Shetty: 
Sure, Punit. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jinesh Joshi from 
Prabhudas Lilladher Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir in the opening remarks, you had mentioned 
that the seven-language plan is ZEE5 garnering a positive response and the 
revised pricing strategy is paying off. Now if I remember right, I think these 
seven language plans are not a part of any B2B deal. So, can you highlight 
how the revenue mix shifting between B2C and B2B in ZEE5, and going 
ahead, how do you see the mix evolve? And also, if you can highlight how 
is the margin profile different in both these categories. 
Punit Goenka: 
So currently, our mix of the B2B and B2C would be in the range of about 
60-40 in favor of B2C. I would not like to, for confidential purposes, break 
out the numbers by language or by even composite languages because 
this is highly competitive information. And I expect that trend to continue 
to be in the same line going forward as well. 
I think what it helped us to do is that this is not something that we invented, 
but the market itself gave us the feedback that you are selling a full bundled 
pack of everything into one, whereas if I am a Maharashtrian and I want to 
watch only Marathi content, why am I paying for Telugu content or for 
Kannada content? And therefore, that is the whole strategy came from 
there.  
And I expect that this will further take up the subscription penetration into 
the markets. Secondly, on the B2B side, we are not yet putting in the 
language packs because we wanted to first test the market, see that it is 
working. Our entire content rollout also has not happened yet. We are still 
just at the beginning stage of content rollout. 
As and when the content rollout happens at a full scale, then we would 
certainly consider. And I use the word consider very, very cautiously 
because until and unless we don't get the right value, we will not give our 
content to the B2B partners. 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood. Sir, my second question is on our A&P spend. While it has been 
made clear that the A&P spends were higher due to new channel launches 
as well as the new content that has come up. But if I look at the swing factor 
on a Y-o-Y basis or even on a Q-o-Q basis, the A&P spends are up by 
about INR 100 crores plus. 
So, just wanted to understand, historically we have seen some new 
launches come through while channel launches may have been on a slightly 
lower side, but new show launches have always been there. So just to get 
the numbers right, I mean this INR 100 crores delta that we are seeing 
apparently appears to be higher. So, if you can just maybe help us 
understand if there is any one-off element over here, or how to basically 
reach this number? 
Mukund Galgali: 
Yes. Jinesh, hi. So, you are right in terms of your comparison with Y-o-Y and 
with Q-o-Q as well. So, there are three components which lead to increase 
in this marketing cost. While I mentioned about the two new relaunches of 
Bangla and Kannada channel, Sonar and Power, which are a new brand and 
need that kind of spending to promote our content, promote the channels 
and to make the trade aware about it. So there, you know, substantial 
energy and focus has gone. 
The other two aspects are in terms of our whole rebranding of Zee as well. 
So that also happened towards the end of the first quarter, and some 
portion of that has flown through in this quarter. 
And the third thing is in terms of the number of launches; we had 39 linear 
launches in this quarter. So, quarter one, we had held back a lot of our 
content rollouts, considering the sports and other competing content, 
which was going on. So, a lot of this has got accumulated. 
So, 39 launches in linear and 26 launches in digital have happened during 
this quarter. So, from that perspective, last year, we were fairly 
conservative in our content rollouts in digital as well. So that also has 
contributed to an increase in this. So, it is a sum of all these factors which 
you have seen. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood. Understood. Sir, just one last question from my side. On the 
subscription side, our growth was about 5% in this quarter. And I believe 
some bit of it could be due to the B2C language pack that we have rolled 
out in ZEE5. 
So, I just wanted to check on the linear TV side, are the negotiations with 
the industry over, and are we seeing the linear TV subscription revenue see 
an uptick in this quarter or is it predominantly driven by the ZEE5 
subscription revenue. The growth that you see in this quarter. 
Punit Goenka: 
So largely, the growth that you have seen of 6% that we have seen this 
quarter comes from the digital business. We are pretty much stagnant on 
the linear business side or the broadcast business. So that is where it is. 
And as I was saying earlier that we have to now look at the business in a 
consolidated manner rather than breaking it up by digital and by broadcast 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
separately. For us, as an organization and as management, we are now 
considering the business as a combined strategy of combined 
monetization aspect from both angles and that is how we are looking at the 
business. 
Mukund Galgali: 
That goes in our strategy of omni content channel strategy where the same 
content is being monetized over multiple platforms. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sameer Gupta from IIFL Capital. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone, and thanks for taking my questions. Just 
wanted to understand the thought process here of launching new GEC 
channels and with the kind of ad spend that we have done. Now if overall 
context of FMCG spending remains subdued, I understand we are 
cautiously optimistic now. 
 
But why not then wait for clear signs of an uptick before launching these 
new channels, given that our focus in the past few quarters has been 
towards margin improvement. We had guided to an exit 18% to 20% margin. 
So why now change in that focus? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Sameer, what happens, if you look at the markets that we have selected 
for this, there are two reasons for it. One is these are not new GEC channels. 
These are actually what we call flanking strategy for creating a distance 
between our leadership channel and the second player in the market. So 
that is what we are trying to achieve here. 
Second part is that apart from FMCG, there is a large base of advertisers 
that are very, very market focused, like, for example, retail or even regional 
FMCGs, etc. So, we are trying to target those. And if you go after those 
people for, let us say, Zee Kannada or for Zee Bangla, it may be too 
expensive for them to buy. And therefore, we are trying to create a flanking 
strategy where we can pull revenues away from our competitors. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. Second question, sir, a large part of the cost increase I see is in ad 
spends and to some extent, other expenses. The content cost increase is 
there, but it is not very high when I look at it as a percentage of sales. So, 
going forward, I mean, is it a right assumption that this recurring part of 
operating cost or programming cost will remain, but the bump up in ad 
spend and other expenses largely pertaining to this quarter because the 
launch was in this quarter? 
Mukund Galgali: 
Yes, Sameer. That is correct. That is how we look at it as well. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Okay. So, then it is also a fair assumption that a sub 10% margin is more like 
a one-off and it can at least go back to the 12% plus kind of a margin, which 
we were clocking before this quarter? 
Punit Goenka: 
Our endeavour is to not even be satisfied at 12%, Sameer. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Of course, we understand that. But is the thinking, right? I mean, of course, 
we don't know what will happen, but is this a correct logical construct? 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, absolutely, Sameer. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. I will come back in the queue for follow-ups. Thanks. 
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Umang Mehta from 
Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Umang Mehta: 
Hi. Thank you for the follow-up opportunity. My question is on your 
comment on revenue growth being back ended. So, other than the 
expected improvement in revenue growth because of your viewership 
share, is it possible to highlight some of the other initiatives and what 
incremental contribution they have and give some color, if you can share. 
For instance, your omnichannel strategy or be it smaller kind of regional 
kind of markets coming up or in terms of short-form content or some of 
these drivers, if you can help us understand what will be driving this 
incremental back-ended growth? 
Vikas Somani: 
Yes, Umang. So some of the primary drivers are, the performance of the 
new content which we have launched, which fortunately has fired well and 
we are performing well in all the metrics, be it the watch time or the 
consumer voice, which we are getting on that. 
The other new initiatives, which we have talked about, many of them have 
already been rolled out, but they will get mature in the second half. For 
example, the micro drama initiative, which you just talked about. We are 
also getting into the new genre, which is kids related. 
Now all these initiatives are going to get matured in the second half, the 
performance of those will start getting reflected in the numbers. So, on the 
back of all this and with the cost structure, which we have been successful 
in kind of managing, that is what is giving us the confidence of 
enhancement in the margins as well as the revenue growth. 
Umang Mehta: 
Understood. And this omnichannel kind of approach or pitch to clients, 
have you started to see new kind of profile of advertisers already coming 
to you, or is it something which is still work in progress? 
Vikas Somani: 
So, in terms of the content, we have already started, and we are already 
working on that approach. There have been a few original pieces which we 
are making for different platforms. The same content piece being fed into 
different platforms, be it digital or TV or short form or movie. 
And very recently, we did a theatrical release of a movie, which was 
released way back on our OTT platform, and then we have customized it 
for a theatrical exhibition. So, we have already started working on all this. 
And as I said, it will require some time to gain maturity more in terms of 
scalability, but we are already on to that path. 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it. Thank you. Good luck. Thanks. 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arun Malhotra from 
CapGrow Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Arun Malhotra: 
Yes. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to check on two 
things. I think, one is you have always been mentioning in the last 6 months, 
especially about the monetization aspect of the business, especially on the 
Zee Music. Any comments on that? 
Punit Goenka: 
As Mukund said in his remarks, the Zee Music business is still performing 
very healthily for the organization, and we expect that to continue. 
Although we are seeing some stress given that most of the music platforms 
are now putting the content behind the paywall, and some have even shut 
down. So that is probably causing some strain. 
But as we talked about and Mukund talked about that we want to expand 
our portfolio of music content now to the language market, just as we did 
with our television content, whether it is the digital content, we want to do 
that to garner a larger viewership or listenership and therefore, monetize 
that better. 
Arun Malhotra: 
Okay. But there are no plans to separately carve out or create some value 
for the shareholders? 
Punit Goenka: 
Vikas? 
Vikas Somani: 
As we have told you before, that this is in our consideration, and we have 
been working on that. We are just waiting for the right time. And of course, 
all the aspects need to be ticked off before we embark on to that. 
Arun Malhotra: 
Sure. And second was the stake increase by the promoters since Punit is 
also there. Any views on that since the stock price has been falling since 
then? Any promoters plan to increase stake? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Arun, sir, we had lost your audio at the end of your 
question. If you can please repeat the question once again? 
Arun Malhotra: 
Yes. Sorry. I will just repeat my question. So, my question was regarding the 
increase in stake. The increase in stake by the promoters was not passed 
by the shareholders. Any plans of increasing stake by the promoters since 
the price has fallen since then. So, any open market purchase or any other 
structural route whereby promoters plan to increase their stake? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Arun, we are very, very keen to increase our stake in the organization in 
whichever structured manner that we can find best possible. And of 
course, as you said, if it is a structured transaction, it will have to be 
approved by the shareholders. Without that, we cannot go ahead. 
Open market transactions, we have not considered yet. But as a family and 
as promoters, we are debating this on a daily basis to figure out what the 
best way forward for us is going to be. 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Arun Malhotra: 
Yes. I understand. Lastly, the price was INR 128 and now the price is much 
fallen. So, any open market purchase will give confidence to the 
stakeholders? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Arun, this is an open call. I don't think I should speak a lot more on this 
because being a CEO and the promoter, I am conflicted there. But the 
intention is to increase. 
Arun Malhotra: 
Sure. All right. Thank you, Punit. Thanks for the candid answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Arora for closing 
comments. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thank you, everyone. Thanks for joining us today and wish you and your 
family a very healthy and prosperous Diwali. Do feel free to reach out to us 
if there are any follow-up questions as you do a deeper study of our 
numbers. We will be available and look forward to speaking to you and 
meeting you all in-person soon. Thank you so much and have a great 
evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
