 
 
 
 
12 November 2025 
 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Code: 544252 
NSE Code: BAJAJHFL - EQ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of earnings conference call held in respect of the financial results for 
the quarter ended 30 September 2025. 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the ‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) r/w Clause 
15 of Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
In furtherance of our letter dated 24 October 2025, informing the Exchanges regarding 
earnings conference call in respect of the financial results of the Company for the quarter 
ended 30 September 2025, the transcript of Q2 FY2026 earnings conference call has been 
uploaded on the website of the Company and is available at ‘Quarterly Earning Conference 
Call Transcript’ drop down at https://www.bajajhousingfinance.in/investor-presentation. 
 
Also, enclosed is the transcript (pdf) as attachment for ease of reference. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
 
 
Atul Patni 
Company Secretary 
 
Email id:- bhflinvestor.service@bajajhousing.co.in 
Cc: Catalyst Trusteeship Ltd. (Debenture Trustee, Pune) 
ATUL 
PATNI
Digitally signed 
by ATUL PATNI 
Date: 2025.11.12 
15:58:51 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2025 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATUL JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – BAJAJ 
HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. GAURAV KALANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BAJAJ HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRAVEEN AGARWAL – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Disclaimer:  
This transcript is edited for factual errors and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the 
proceedings. The reader is also requested to refer to audio recording of the call uploaded on the 
company website on 23rd July 2025. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings will prevail. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means 
without the prior written consent of Bajaj Housing Finance Limited. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bajaj Housing Finance Limited Q2 FY ‘26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Praveen Agarwal from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, Mr. Agarwal. 
Praveen Agarwal: 
Thank you, Nirav. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to this earnings call of Bajaj Housing 
Finance. Today with us, we have the management team led by Mr. Atul Jain. Along with him, 
we have Mr. Gaurav Kalani, CFO and other senior members of the team. I would request Mr. 
Atul to share his initial remarks post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Atul Jain: 
Thank you, Praveen and the Axis team for hosting this call. Good evening to all the participants. 
I am Atul Jain. I have with me all senior colleagues of Bajaj Housing Finance, Gaurav, 
Jasminder, Vipin, Pawan, Dushyant, Niraj and Gagan and Vijay. I will take 15-20 minutes first 
to cover important panels of Investor deck which has been uploaded on our website and 
afterwards we will have questions and answers.  
First panel I would like to take, is panel number 3. Another stable quarter for AUM, profitability 
and credit cost. This was amidst heightened competitive intensity as well as decreasing interest 
rate scenario. AUM grew by 24% on Y-o-Y basis and stood at INR1,26,749 crores as of 30th 
September. PAT increased by 18% with annualized ROA at 2.3%. Asset quality remained 
healthy with improvement in GNPA at 0.26% and NNPA at 0.12% and annualized credit cost at 
18 bps. 
 
Operating efficiency also improved during the quarter and opex to NTI stood at 19.6% against 
20.5% in Q2 of last year. Geographical coverage of BHFL now spans across 176 locations with 
network of 220 branches. Annualized ROE for the quarter came in at 12.2%. Capital position 
with CAR at 26.12% remained healthy and PBC criteria which is a regulatory criteria was at 
61.21%, against a regulatory threshold of 60%.  
I am moving to the next panel. I have already covered AUM growth which grew 24% but when 
we look at a product level AUM, home loans grew by 19%, LAP by 29%, LRD by 35% and DF 
by 25%. AUM for the quarter in absolute terms increased by INR6,329 crores. This was against 
INR5,497 which is close to INR5,500 crores in Q2 FY ‘25.  

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Portfolio composition also continued to remain well diversified with home loans at 55%, LAP 
at 10% and LRD in excess of 21% and DF at sub 12%. Disbursements for the quarter grew by 
32% from INR12,000 crores in Q2 FY ‘25 to close to INR16,000 crores, i.e. INR15,914 crores 
in Q2 FY ‘26.  
I am moving to the next panel. Cost of funds improved during the quarter and stood at 7.4% 
having 50 bps reduction on YOY basis against 7.9% in Q2 FY ‘25. On sequential basis, cost of 
funds saw a reduction of 34 bps on account of policy rate transmission on existing borrowing as 
well as incremental borrowing at lower rate. Borrowing mix remained well diversified with 
higher mix of money market borrowing. 
Overall borrowing mix was 54% through money market instrument, 37% through bank 
borrowing and 9% of NHB refinance. Gross spread was flat for the quarter at 1.9% against 1.9% 
of Q2 FY ‘25. However, on a sequential basis, gross spread was 10 bps higher due to higher 
flow-through benefit on cost of funds versus movement across portfolio rate. However, this is 
likely to get normalized going forward, basis some pass-through in the portfolios has happened 
due to October ‘25 and with expectation of another rate cut in December as the markets are 
predicting.  
Net interest margin is holding at 4% on a sequential basis while at a YOY basis it dropped by 
10 bps. I have already talked about opex to NTI in earlier panel which has dropped to 19.6% in 
Q2. Digital initiatives continue to further improve with our E-agreement penetration at 94% and 
online customer onboarding penetration at 93% in September ‘25.  
I am moving to panel 6. Asset quality remained healthy during the quarter with improvement in 
GNPA by 4 bps to 26 bps in Q2 FY ‘26 and also NNPA by 1 bps at 12 bps. Annualized credit 
costs stood at 18 bps in Q2 FY ‘26 against 2 bps in Q2 FY ‘25. The normalized credit costs 
because in Q2 FY ‘25, in fact in H1 FY ‘25 we had overlay release which we had created during 
COVID period. If we would exclude the overlay release in Q2 FY ‘25 the annualized credit costs 
would have been 14 bps. 
 
In terms of profitability, PAT for the quarter grew by 18% from INR546 crores in Q2 FY ‘25 to 
643 crores in Q2 FY ‘26. Annualized ROA at 2.3% against 2.5% in Q2 FY ‘25 and annualized 
ROE at 12.2% against 13.3%. The ROE has been lower in the current year because of three 
factors. One, capital raise done in FY ’25, second, there was no overlay release in the current 
year against last year overlay release and also, current year we have lower income from 
derecognized loans versus last year. Sum total from net profits, net worth has further increased 
to INR21,170 crores as of 30th September ‘25. 
 
I'm now straight jumping to panel number 18. Majority of quarterly metrics have been discussed. 
Net interest income grew by 34% in Q2 FY ‘26 while the net total income grew by 22% owing 
to lower income on fair value changes as well as lower assignment income. That was what I was 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
calling out earlier because of a lower assignment income, the ROE was lower and consequently 
that's where net total income is looking at a lower growth at 22%.  
PBT and PAT grew both at 18%. In terms of half yearly financials, net total income increased 
by 24% during H1 FY ‘26. Operating expenses grew 21% and pre-provisioning operating profit 
grew 24%. Overall, PAT for H1 has grown by 19%. 
 
Opex to NTI has improved by 40 bps for H1 versus H1 FY ‘25. Credit cost for H1 has been 17 
bps against 4 bps in H1 FY ‘25 but that was due to overlay release of INR50 crores in first half 
of the year at a cumulative level. INR25-INR25 crores in each of the quarter in the last year. 
Annualized ROA 2.3% and ROE of 11.9%. 
 
Moving to panel 20. Portfolio yield moderated by 22 bps on sequential basis and 60 bps on a 
YOY basis at 9.3% in Q2 FY ‘26. Cost of funds dropped by 34 bps on sequential basis and 50 
bps on a YOY basis to 7.4%. Overall gross spread for the quarter inched up by 10 bps on 
sequential basis. However, it was flat versus last year basis. Opex to NTI we have talked about 
90 bps reduction on YOY basis from Q2 to Q2. NIM moderation of 10 bps on a year-on-year 
basis largely led by a drop in income from assignment and other income. Asset quality and 
profitability matrix have already been covered. 
I'll move to panel 21 on the borrowing mix. Borrowing mix continues to remain well diversified 
supported by borrowing relationship with 17 banks. Mix of NCD share in the overall borrowing 
mix further increased by 2.6% on sequential basis while CP mix increased by 3.1% offsetting 
moderation in bank borrowing share by 4.7% and NHB refinance by 1%. This was due to 
incremental borrowing largely from money market instruments considering the cost benefit.  
Going to panel 24, depiction of the portfolio mix between products, this remains within our 
guided range while on sequential basis LRD improved by 1.1%. Home loans deteriorated by 70 
bps and LAP by 20 bps and developer finance by 10 bps.  
Moving to panel 29, on sequential basis stage 1 assets have improved by 3 bps to 99.39% in Q2 
FY ‘26. Stage 2 were flat at 34 bps. GNPA improved by 4 bps to 26 bps and NPA by 1 bps to 
12 bps. Provisioning coverage remained healthy at close to 56% in line with the previous quarter.  
I'll jump to panel number 31 which is the last panel I would want to cover, Product level asset 
quality. Provisioning coverage ratio remains in excess of 50% across product line. Home loans 
GNPA improved by 4 bps to 32 bps in Q2, 2 bps in LAP at 59 bps and DF GNPA remained flat. 
Overall NPA improvement as called out by 1 bps. 
 
This is what I would have wanted to share from my end for the quarter. Happy to take questions 
between me and the management team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin with the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from PhilipCapital. Please go ahead. 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Hi Atul, hi Gaurav, good evening. So, this competition especially from PSU banks is something 
cyclical with rate cuts, right? So how are we building a strategy  
Moderator: 
Hi, can you speak a little louder please? 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Hi, can you hear me now? 
Management: 
Yes, we can hear you now. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Hi Atul, hi Gaurav. So, this competition from PSU banks is something which is cyclical which 
happens every rate cut cycle. So how are we building a strategy so that we can circumvent this 
especially because we operate in the prime home loan segment. That's question number one.  
Second is that the home loans have reduced to roughly around 55% of the portfolio. We also 
used to do top up. So, what is the pure home loan and what is the top up in that 55%? And if we 
can spell out the yields on each of the categories home loan, LAP, LRD and developer finance? 
Atul Jain: 
Thanks Shubhranshu. You asked three questions. The first question is the competition from PSU. 
We take in prime home loan now the competition is going to be the feature rather than the 
novelty. You called out saying that the competition heats up during the declining interest rate 
scenario. But if we are looking at last two and a half, two to three years the intense competition 
is the norm and as we make our plan for the future, we are now taking it as a feature rather than 
an aberration which will go down. 
Now, as a prime player, as players who are focused on the prime mortgages, we need to modify 
our strategies accordingly to be able to compete through the market because if you look at our 
disbursement growth, it had been far ahead of the industry growth. Industry home loan 
disbursement growth YOY had been in the range of 6%-7%. This is whatever Bureau data we 
can access at a broad level. The numbers are not yet closed. While our disbursement growth in 
home loan also had been far higher than the industry disbursal growth.  
 
We are here to compete. We keep on modifying our strategy. We called out in last quarter saying 
that deepening the presence and increasing the width of our customer segmentation, deepening 
our presence in each micro market and the market, is the strategy we follow which is the strategy 
we will continue to follow to continue to grow in the home loan despite the competition from 
the public sector banks. 
 
You asked a question on the HL contribution. 55% is in the HL book. The IHL contribution 
which requires, which is a regulatory PBC criteria, we were at 50.45% as of 30th September. 
The rest of it was either a top up or the fee LAN or the insurance LAN which is not considered 
as an individual home loan. So, the regulatory criteria is 50% on that.  
On the yield product wise, the yield product wise at a portfolio IRR at HL had been at 8.6%, 
LAP at 10.3%, LRD at close to 8.1%-8.2%, developer finance close to 11.5%. At an aggregate 
level, we come at 9.26% is the yield what we come at the portfolio. Now HL is also a mix of a 
prime and a non-prime but I am telling you at an aggregate level. 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Just if I can squeeze in one last question, you did mention about deepening the presence into 
each micro market. So, are we also increasing our payouts to various developers or various 
connectors or large national DSAs? 
Atul Jain: 
Our COA remains flattish because the payouts are not the only, because our home loan market 
is largely commoditized, most of the payout structures are also common. So, it is not likely that 
by increasing the payouts you can increase the market share. It is by making more product 
nuanced which is catering to the market and having a deeper presence in each of the market is 
the approach we take.  
Increasing payout will not result into the higher market share is our assessment and which is not 
what we follow. We remain absolutely in line with the payouts what is offered by the market or 
leading player and there is no increase in COA over last year or over last quarter. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
I’ll come back in the queue. Best of luck for the further quarters 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Viral Shah from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Hi Atul and Gaurav and team. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. 
Atul, I wanted to know, so I am looking at the guidance that you have put out on the panel 16, 
it remains unchanged primarily on the margin front. Now for the first half of this year or the two 
quarters, we have kind of delivered a flat-ish margin, so we are guiding for a 15-20 basis points 
kind of a decline for the full year perspective.  
Are we expecting such a sharp decline in the second half or just more of a continuation of the 
guidance and we are likely to basically beat these numbers? 
Atul Jain: 
On margins, I will request Gaurav to address this. 
Gaurav Kalani: 
On a full year basis, we are expecting to be in this guidance range only because of the 
compression we are seeing driven by attrition pressure across the portfolio especially in the home 
loan side, also in the construction finance side. That attrition pressure followed with another rate 
cut expectation in December is what we are factoring in and that's where we are looking at year-
on-year level this kind of a compression which we have guided for. 
Atul Jain: 
So as of today, our estimate remains in this range. However, as the time shifts up, we are able to 
do better, that is where we look at. But our estimates as of today stand at the same what we have 
guided for. 
Viral Shah: 
Gaurav, just a bit on that. I think what you mentioned is basically an expectation of another 25 
bps kind of a rate cut in this fiscal. I think last quarter when we gave that number, I don't think 
we were baking in that kind of expectation. Does it mean that on an underlying basis we are 
probably despite a 125 bps rate cut instead of 100 bps, we are likely to kind of say beat the 
numbers what we had guided for in the previous quarter? Would that be the right way to look at 
it? 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Atul Jain: 
So, our guidance is not just -- there has been some improvement in the performance metric in 
terms of a growth in disbursal because we have not estimated that kind of a growth in disbursals 
what has happened. However, on the negative side with the expectation of another rate cut and 
when we look at the benefit in the COF what we will get passed on versus the rate cut impact 
which may be there in the market. 
It's a bit of an estimation because we remain a market focused business. The pass-through in the 
market will be what we will be guided by. That's where it's an estimate. So, you can say that we 
in that sense, if last quarter we were projecting these numbers without a rate cut, at the end of 
this quarter we are projecting the same margins with one rate cut baked in, in the numbers. To 
that extent you can quantify it, saying that our improvement in our confidence on the margins 
over one quarter. 
Gaurav Kalani: 
And here on, the benefit on cost of fund would be marginal versus that if the portfolio attrition 
pressure continues to remain that way, we may see the pressure on the yields continuing. So 
that's where we are continuing with the guidance. Predominant part of the COF benefit is already 
passed through. Now we may have around 10 basis points of further benefit which we may see 
through the balance part of the year considering the rate cut. 
Viral Shah: 
So basically, considering the rate cut you expect another only 10 bps kind of a decline in cost of 
funds? 
Gaurav Kalani: 
Yes. We are expecting in December to come in and then that to kick in, on the cost of fund Q3 
would have gone, Q4 is where we will see a balance. So that's where.  
Viral Shah: 
And just from a mathematical standpoint, Gaurav, this number if I have to say, take in a 10 or 
15 basis points we anticipate probably  
Gaurav Kalani: 
Sorry, we lost your voice. Can you repeat the question? 
Viral Shah: 
I'm just saying that if I look at now this numbers and say if I assume, say a 10 or 15 bps kind of 
a decline for the full year, with this revised kind of market dynamics, is it right to say that in the 
second half we may actually see more like say 20 to 25 bps decline from the first half or say the 
2Q levels?  
Gaurav Kalani: 
Not very clear Viral but it has both factors on yield as well as cost of fund. I have explained cost 
of fund. On the yields because of both reasons on attrition as well as new acquisition coming at 
lower price with one other rate cut we are expecting and with the acquisition challenges which 
we are seeing in the market on the public sector banks being aggressive etc, we have factored in 
a certain yield compression on the overall portfolio and that's where we are guiding for these 
numbers. 
Atul Jain: 
It's a combination of Viral, estimated compression in the acquisition pricing to the yield 
compression and reducing out of that the COF benefit which will come. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it very clear. Do I have a chance for one more question? 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Atul Jain: 
Sure. 
Viral Shah: 
Can you just also spell out… 
Gaurav Kalani: 
Viral we lost you in between again  
Viral Shah: 
Hello. Am I audible now?  
Atul Jain: 
Yes. 
Viral Shah: 
I am saying, can you give an update on what is the traction that we are getting on the near prime 
and affordable segment and like what's the size of it? How many locations we are? And what 
are the customer segments primarily on the yield front that we are targeting? 
Atul Jain: 
Just to give an update on the SBU what we started because we had started operating in the near 
prime and affordable segment before we set up an SBU but we set up a dedicated SBU in the 
last year. The business is doing well in terms of the milestones what we laid down for this 
business. It is ahead of the milestones what we thought.  
Now it operates from top 36 markets with an average size of a range of INR40-INR60 lakhs, 
while affordable business within that we operate across these markets outskirts as well as in 
some tier 4 and rural markets as well where ATS is in range of INR15-INR35 lakhs. Currently 
we are now acquiring close to INR250 odd crores per month business in this line and expecting 
to rapidly scale further.  
Like we said that it is ahead of our expectations and ahead where we would have thought it 
would reach there. As incrementally it goes forward, we are looking at this to be growing at a 
much faster pace during next year as well. The reason we have grown it a bit slower than we 
could have grown, our estimate also was lower because this has different nuances compared to 
the prime retail businesses  
So that's where we went slow during initial setup but based on our experience, we feel confident 
and now we are scaling it up faster and we will try to scale it up much higher during the next 
year 
Viral Shah: 
Thank you, Atul. All the very best  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Siraj Khan from Ascendancy Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Siraj Khan: 
Thank you for the opportunity and a good set of numbers. First few statistics Can you say the 
one plus DPD number  
Atul Jain: 
Sorry? 
Siraj Khan: 
1 plus DPD 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Atul Jain: 
I am not able to hear you clearly. 
Siraj Khan: 
1 plus DPD  
Atul Jain: 
1 plus DPD. I don't think 1 plus DPD is the number. We give 30 DPD numbers, 1 DPD you are 
asking for all customers who have bounced. That is not a metric, Siraj. So, this is a 30 DPD 
metric which comes, customer comes to the stage 2 from stage 1. So, stage 1 remains 0 to 29 
DPD which is a standard definition and that is a consistent definition which is used across 
industry or across the quarters what we have been publishing the data. 
Stage 2 remains which is 30 DPD to 89 DPD is 34 bps which remains stable and 90 DPD and 
above is 26 bps. So, 99.39% is 0 to 29 which is stage 1, that is if you have to call it and if you 
look at last 8 quarters it is in range between 99.31, 93, 93, 97. In fact if I look at it towards the 
better there, we have been at 99.39% in 2-3 quarters We have been in between 99.31% to 99.39% 
in last 8 to 10 quarters. 
Siraj Khan: 
Understood. So sir another question what I wanted was kind of partly answered in the previous 
participant's question, was on the affordable and near prime business? But what I want to 
understand with respect to the slowing, and we are saying that we are taking it slow. So is this 
because we are taking it slow as a deliberate decision to understand the customer in that 
segment? Or are we seeing any demand or specific asset quality related issues? 
Because some of the players that are in this segment of the affordable housing and near prime 
they are seeing some asset quality issues in the lower ticket size. Although our ticket size is not 
as low as these other players but since we are in that range, in that ballpark range, what is your 
view and assessment on that segment? 
Atul Jain: 
So, this is not leading from any view on the asset quality or any stress what we are seeing or the 
demand compression. It is just that we started this business 15-18 months, as practice of the risk 
management will do, we wanted to take it slow.  
We are also onboarding the entire team, this is our entire grounds up build that also takes time 
for us to build. And like I said in the previous question now we feel confident of trying to rapidly 
scale it up, that is where we are and we expect this business to be much more ahead next year 
Siraj Khan: 
Understood. And with respect to the fall in the derecognition income, the assignment income. 
So, this was by design or by default. I was wanting to understand, is this like a one off or will 
we see this as kind of a stabilized number in the going ahead quarter? 
Atul Jain: 
Siraj, when we said the yearly guidance during the last quarter, we said assignment we do for 
two reasons. One reason is, assignment is the treasury strategy. We are excess of capital, we 
have excess of our capital and we took a conscious decision in the current year to not do 
assignment for treasury strategy because as a treasury as a means of fund, otherwise we had been 
normally falling 12%-13% of our assets assigned out to our strategy, even as a treasury strategy 
for our ALM match. 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
But if you look at our ALM, we went long last year. So, our ALM again, even if it is a five year 
bucket plus, it is quite comfortable even under borrowed asset. So, the need, conscious decision 
was to not pursue for treasury ALM match assignment in the current year.  
The second reason for assignment for us, is always that if we are falling short of a PBC because 
if there is more opportunity to acquire non-HL assets and if we have the ability to assign them 
out, we like to take the opportunity to assign out the assets, maintaining PBC, as well as in the 
process having a higher ALM where the benefit flows through.  
That we will be open even in the second half of the year depending upon, if we have an ability 
to mobilize more non-HL business based on our ability to assign them. So, first part of treasury 
is a conscious strategy to run it down that's why you will see much lesser in Q1 and Q2 and we 
called out last year, in the assessment also we have said that NTI is expected to be lower because 
of this, but if it is Q3 and Q4, this will depend upon requirement. 
If there is a requirement to assign out, we will do an assignment out, we can look at a higher 
income, the income can be higher. That's where we are. I hope I have answered your question 
Siraj Khan: 
Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Rahil Shah from HSBC. Please go ahead 
Rahil Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have a question around the competition and just wanted to 
understand more about it. What would be your BT in or out rate, in the overall home loan 
segment? And second, on the affordable housing side, what would be your BT in and also your 
AUM size? 
Atul Jain: 
So, Rahil at an overall level, because we don't measure it in the segment wise BT in and BT out. 
At an overall home loan acquisition for the company, our BT in is 15% approximately of our 
overall HL acquisition, which is perfectly in line with the industry. Industry is 16-17% is the BT 
in, ours is 15%. At a segment level we don't break it which segment is there but aggregate level, 
since it is 15%, I think it will be largely for all the segments which is there. 
Rahil Shah: 
And BT out? 
Atul Jain: 
BT out is a factor of attrition, which is now attrition -- at an aggregate level if I look at it, our 
repayment rates in the Q2 FY ‘26 looked at 27%-28%. At an aggregate level, it's a combination 
of various products. At a home loan level, it is a 21%-22% kind of an annualized attrition, what 
we are seeing. 21%-22% which is an elevated attrition because of the pricing in the market. 
My guess is, because it's a part of both, which is customer paying on its own as well, but that 
would be a 20%-30% part. So, at a 20% annualized attrition I can look at maybe 14%-15% as a 
BT out rate, from our book. But both BT in and BT out are different metrics. So, percentage 
wise, it may look at 15%, I request you not to assume both are the same.  

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Because 15% is on a different number which is on our HL portfolio. BT in we are talking about 
through the door acquisition and broadly industry level 16%-17% is the acquisition. BT out at 
an industry level, I don't have a rightful number available because banks do not generally have 
a detailed HL or a focused metrics available. 
Rahil Shah: 
Sir, in this 21%-22% how this would compare to last year or two years back? Just wanted to 
understand the pace for the increase… 
Atul Jain: 
Last year it would have been in the range of 15%-16%. 
Rahil Shah: 
So, from 15%-16% it's now upwards of 20%-22% and you would say mostly this would be going 
to PSU banks or even large private banks would be something who would be part of… 
Atul Jain: 
Largely PSU. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay got it. And sir, what would be your AUM in affordable housing? 
Atul Jain: 
We track AUM in two contexts, one is prime and non-prime. Non-prime includes affordable. 
So, the balance sheet mix in home loan today would be 86:14, 86 will be prime and 14 would 
be non-prime including affordable.. 
Rahil Shah: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Next follow up question is from the line of Siraj Khan from Ascendancy Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Siraj Khan: 
Yes. Thank you for the follow up. Hope I am audible? First question was with respect to a 
follow-up on was with the NII plus fee income. The fee income has gone up. So, are we seeing 
more cross-selling and will that be a slight driver for the NIM plus fee? Not the NIM, but the 
NIM plus fee will drive higher with the fee and commission income being ramped up? Is that a 
conscious strategy or will it be stable? 
Gaurav Kalani: 
Broadly, this is insurance income, which is driving that number apart from other charges, etc., 
which is like bounce charges, foreclosure charges, switch charges,  etc. But predominant is the 
insurance income. It grows in line with the growth in business apart from the non-prime business, 
which will have higher penetration. But otherwise, overall, it will remain in line with the growth 
of business. 
Siraj Khan: 
Okay, because like on a YOY basis, that number seems quite high. So, I thought maybe 
something else is also driving. Secondly, with respect to the affordable business, again, 
affordable in the near-prime case… 
Atul Jain:  
Just to clarify, on a YOY basis, it is looking at a double. But if you look at a Q4 FY ‘25, I think 
Q2 FY ‘25 was a bit lower. We have to go back why it was much lower and look at from Q4 FY 
‘25 to Q2 FY ‘26, the number is not that different. 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Siraj Khan: 
Understood, understood. And again, on the SBU, so what will be the yield difference over that 
book from our normal book? And as we see that the rates would go down, and one of our recently 
listed peers said that we try to use our cost-of-borrowing advantage and try to bring in customers 
and lock them in our book at a lower rate, kind of saying that they'll undercut the competition.  
So, with that point, how do you see that difference in yield over both the books compressing? 
And will that materially improve the NIMS and the yield of the book? Is that possible? 
Atul Jain: 
See, each acquisition for each segment is at a point of time driven by the competitive intensity 
and also what market is available. We don't try to price ourselves lower to answer that question. 
We try to optimize the price what is available in the market, basis the proposition, of the segment 
what we are addressing.  
On an aggregate level, the yield, if I collect the entire non-prime business including affordable, 
yield will be a differential of close to 1.25 to 1.5% from the pure prime business. From the prime 
business, the aggregate yield will be differential by around 1.25 to 1.5%. 
Siraj Khan: 
And so, 1.25 to 1.5% will be, it will be above the affordable near prime business over the prime. 
Have I got that correct? 
Atul Jain: 
Yes.  
Siraj Khan: 
And so,  what we're essentially saying is we will not try to undercut or we will try to price it as 
per the merit and as per the demand scenario, demand? 
Atul Jain: 
Yes. As per the demand, because there is no, we don't believe in cutting the price, but we believe 
in always being competitive in the market. 
Siraj Khan: 
Understood. Thank you. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Satinder Singh from Eon Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Satinder Singh: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is around the assignment strategy. So, given 
that our gearing currently is below our target gearing of 7 to 8, so I was wondering if assignment 
makes great sense. So, while assignment does help us increase our ROA, but then it doesn't help 
on the ROE side. So, what is the metric we are targeting? 
 
Is it ROA over ROE or is it ROE? So that's the first part. And the second is, given the outlook 
that we have on the market, so what is the time frame within which we should hit that, say, 7 to 
8 gearing or let's say median 7.5 gearing? 
Atul Jain: 
So, Satinder, two parts. We do assignment, like I was answering, when I was answering the 
earlier question over assignment strategy on the net total income trend. We do assignment 
because of two factors, not ROA or ROE driven, but one from a treasury strategy from an ALM 
perspective. 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
So, mortgage because asset booking is of a much larger duration while your liabilities are of a 
much shorter duration comparatively. So, it is always a sound strategy in our assessment in a 
mortgage to have a certain percentage of assets always being assigned out to have a perfect ALM 
match. That's what we have been doing, from inception, if you look at our six-year, seven-year 
record, we had always been assigning about 12-13% of the assets, whether leverage being high 
or leverage being low, it is coming from treasury strategy. 
Having said that, last year since we went long on the bond side and our ALM match was 
corrected, we called out that in the current year we are not falling assignment out from a treasury 
strategy because our leverage is low, precisely to the reason what you called out.  
Because of the leverage being low, we said that we will do assignment not for the treasury 
strategy and our ALM match has happened because leverage can still be low, but there is an 
ALM gap, we prefer to do more assignments so that we don't build a tenor risk in the balance 
sheet. But the tenor risk is not the point as of today. 
 
So, treasury strategy is not there for assigning from an ALM point of view. However, the second 
part of the assignment remains on the PBC, which is on a non-home loan assignment. If we have 
an ability or opportunity, because our home loan book is growing at 19%, aggregate we have 
grown at 24%. That means our home loan book is growing at a faster pace and home loan is 
55%.  
So, if it is growing at 19%, that means the other part of the book is growing at a 30 odd percent. 
Now, if I have an ability to grow a non-home loan portion more, but to meet the PBC criteria, 
we have an opportunity to assign and get the spread. It's not a question of leverage or not because 
then the opportunity is not there to do that business in the non-home loan because then you get 
constrained by your growth in home loan book to grow the non-home loan business.  
Have I been able to explain you clearly, Satinder, or you want me to elaborate further? 
Satinder Singh: 
No, no, I think that's very clear. I think this is very articulate. And when do we hope to hit the 
seven and a half kind of a gearing, based on the outlook that you have? 
Atul Jain: 
I think two years is the time frame where we should be. It will depend upon the growth numbers, 
of course, but as we give a medium term growth guidance, I think two years, two and a half 
years is the time frame where we should look at achieving that sustainability vision. This is what 
we say target ratio of a leverage. 
Satinder Singh: 
Okay, right. And one final question. Given that we should be now nearing the end of the rate 
cutting cycle, how optimistic are we that we should be able to revert to our medium term 
guidance in FY ‘27? 
Atul Jain: 
You're talking about the AUM growth? 
Satinder Singh: 
Yes, the medium term guidance in terms of AUM growth and we are -- primarily AUM growth. 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Atul Jain: 
We cut our guidance for the current year basis the higher attrition pressure, which as of today is 
not looking to come down. We guided for that last year in the current last quarter, saying that 
the current year growth is looking to be lower because of the higher attrition pressure. However, 
as the company focus remains on growing disbursement, which you can see in quarter one and 
quarter two, the disbursements have grown faster than what they were going last year. But our 
AUM growth is slightly muted because of a higher attrition pressure. 
As the attrition pressure weans off with our rate stabilization in the market, with one more rate 
cut in December, you can expect stabilization in the market in three four months. As we continue 
to focus on growing disbursement, we feel that by next year, then we can come back to our 
normalized or the medium term guidance growth in AUM. Disbursements continue to grow the 
way we are doing it now. Attrition pressure comes down, the AUM growth comes back on track 
in line with the medium term guidance that we have given.  
Satinder Singh: 
Okay, and on the opex to NTI, what kind of time frame do you see as of today in terms of coming 
back to a 14 to 16 target? 
Atul Jain: 
So, 14 to 16 was not a coming back. 14 to 16 was always a three to four year aspiration number, 
three to four year trajectory. I think that we remain on that. In a lower interest rate scenario, the 
reduction in a Y-o-Y basis will be either flattish or a 1%-1.5%. But as the cycle turns, with the 
income expansion, because opex to NTI has two parts. One is the income expansion, second is 
the opex growth. We will always be opex efficient, and as we continue to grow, I think next 
three to four year, you should clearly see the 14% to 15% kind of opex to NTI numbers. 
 
Satinder Singh: 
Okay, fine. Thank you very much. Great set of results. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Bobby Jayaraman from Frunze Investments. Please, go ahead. 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Yes, hello. You mentioned there was a lot of competition in the home loan segment. How is it 
in lease rental discounting, and property developer loans? 
Atul Jain: 
Sorry, I couldn't get your question clearly, Bobby. Can you do me a favor and repeat the 
question? 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
What is the level of competition in lease rental discounting, and developer loans? Is it as much 
as it is in home loans? 
Atul Jain: 
Lease rental discounting, the level of competition would be higher than the home loan as well, 
because these are all, one, the customers are quite evolved. They have an access to each of the 
large lending institutions and each of the large lending institutions, specifically banks. This is a 
product which is not offered by housing finance companies. I think probably we might be the 
only company which is offering this at scale.  

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
This is the published results, whatever we have seen. But all banks, including all public sector 
banks, large public sector banks, and including all large private sector banks, this is a product of 
choice. So, the competition is significantly, you can say, in line with what is as a home loan.  
For developer finance, competition is more from some housing finance companies, NBFCs, and 
in recent past, what we have seen largely from even some private credit funds to the AIF 
structure. While AIF work on a normally higher trajectory, but as they take exposure at the 
beginning of the project, the project funding also gets locked in through that structure. 
 
So, and that's where competition on the construction finance comes. But construction finance, 
we are not guided by any competition, Bobby. We do that, basis the opportunity available. I 
think there's enough opportunity availability in the market. It's a risk construct driven rather than 
the competition or the pricing driven. Lease rental discounting is a market competition driven, 
but construction finance is risk driven from acquisition part of it. 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Now I understand. And also taking a longer perspective, over the next 10 years or so, the whole 
idea behind NBFCs is that, there'll be so much demand that the banks won't be able to cater to it 
and you can offer a solution, right? 
 
Because your cost of funds are higher. That's the basic premise, right? For NBFCs. But you're 
not seeing anything like that now because the GDP growth is around 6.5% to 7%. So, you're not 
seeing the real estate demand, which will not incur this much pricing competition. 
Atul Jain: 
So, Bobby, if I get your question right, but first I would have a slightly different opinion than 
you in terms of what is the reason of an HFC being existent rather than a bank. In our assessment 
and the way, we look at the construct of our company, we don't look at it as if is doing a credit 
or meeting the credit demand, which bank is not able to meet.  
Because we, our larger part of the balance sheet is in the prime segment, which is whether a 
prime home loan or a lease rental discounting there, which is all banks, all large banks, public, 
private are aggressively present. So, we don't look at it as doing the business and we believe 
from a cost of fund perspective, for a well-run company, for a good credit, which is what we are, 
which is rated highest in India as a domestic credit rating, your cost of fund can be higher at a 
coupon rate level versus a bank because bank may have a, you can say a CASA benefit coming 
in through their coupon rates.  
But when they look at their all expenses put together to mobilize the treasury or mobilize the 
CASA and the other related compliance costs, I don't think a well-run company at a AAA level 
is at a disadvantage versus a bank to be able to compete in the prime space. If that would have 
been the case, Bobby, then what we have seen for years, for decades in the country, HDFC 
Limited was leader in mortgages, not even State Bank of India. State Bank of India, I think, 
became the largest player close to 17, 18, if my memory is right. 
 
So, from 20, 30 years, HDFC was the dominant player and including when SBI crossed it, it 
remained the second by a near margin. So cost of funds is not very different for a well-run, high 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
quality credit company is my assessment and we continue to remain focused and next 10 years 
also, we'll continue to build a business for scale, low risk, in line with what banking is there with 
offering all mortgage products to balance risk and return.  
If GDP growth will mean the market will continue to grow at a much larger level. The second, 
the GDP mortgage, mortgage as a GDP penetration also is lower in country and as a country per 
capita is increasing, we believe there is a sufficient scope from there. Looking at a long term 
average, because if you look at a home loan market, it has always grown on a plus minus 12%-
13% kind of a AUM growth, which has been there, last 10-15 years.  
We believe it can slightly go up from here onward. That means a portion can be higher rather 
than lower as we move forward from here. 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Okay, I understand. And as you move with affordable loans, your risk, your credit cost might 
likely be higher. So how does that align with your low risk model, which is one of your guiding 
principles? 
Atul Jain: 
So, when we guide for our medium term, GNPAs is as well, we always guide for Bobby, from 
last year, is 40 to 60 bps, because that's the model is constructed for. We are today lower, and 
we like to be lower in there. But the model what we construct is for that 40 to 60 bps of a GNPA 
and 20-25 bps of a credit cost. That makes it a mix. 
 
See, model is scale, low risk and medium return, or a reasonable return. We don't say it's a scale, 
low risk and low return. Because if you have to be a scale, low risk and low return, we don't 
need to do a non-prime business or a construction finance business. But we have to deliver a 
reasonable return. That is where some mix of or a relevant mix of a non-prime business and a 
construction finance is essential for the balance sheet mix. 
 
Well, the dominant part of the balance sheet will always remain prime plus lease rental 
discounting, which are lowest or least risk asset. It's a part of a sum of parts in that sense in the 
company. We have one of the fourth pillar of strategic differentiator of the company also, which 
we put out in our deck always, is also we are a full mortgage product suite company. 
 
We are not a one segment of a mortgage which is there. So, we'll always offer all products in 
mortgages. Relevant weight on each of the segment can be plus and minus basis risk return 
calculation at that point of a time. 
Bobby Jayaraman: 
Okay, I understand. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Siraj Khan from Ascendancy Capital. Please go ahead. 
Siraj Khan: 
Thank you again for the follow up. One question more on the business and other notes on the 
business. On the business, The LRD business, I mean, it's already at one, more than one fifth of 
the business 20 odd percent. Where do you see this settling? I mean, do we have a mind where 
we cap it out or anything with respect to that? 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Atul Jain: 
No, Siraj. That's because we have a capping of a 60% residential business, 40% non-residential. 
Basis the opportunity available and the returns available, if it gives better return, there is the 
capping is only the regulatory capping and there also like I called out in earlier question, if I 
have the ability to do a assign out, we'll continue to grow because this business fits perfectly 
with our concept of a scale, low risk, reasonable return.  
This meets all the three boxes on the criteria what we have. It's a scale, low risk business, it gives 
a reasonable return because of a low opex. So, there's no cap what we have other than the 
regulatory cap, which is on a non-home loan business. 
Siraj Khan: 
Okay, so I mean, so we could scale because it's a very high growth business. So, I was just 
wanting to ask, have we internally set any cap, like 25% or 30%. So, there is no issue with 
respect to the concentration specific. 
Atul Jain: 
It will not go beyond that, because if 40% is your total non-residential business, which can be 
between LAP, construction finance and lease rental discounting, I think there will be an 
automatic  ceiling. It will come at an AR level, not at a AUM level. AUM level, it can have a 
different there, because if  you have an ability to assign, you can continue to grow more. 
 
So, largely, say 20-25% beyond will be is not a visibility. But if there's an opportunity, we like 
to grow and if you have an opportunity to grow and also assign out, because on a standalone 
basis, it cannot grow to 30%. That will mean construction finance and LAP have to go down to 
zero, if it is an or 10% at the AR level. But AUM level, there's no cap or if you have an ability 
to keep on mobilizing.  
Siraj Khan: 
Understood. Great. And the second question was more so on like, we've seen in the HFC space, 
specifically in these, what do you say, affordable housing space, where a lot of there has been 
this PE backed over sell, sell side overhang of the PE player exiting. In our case, that's not the 
case. But we have a high holding with respect to Bajaj Finance Holding, 88%.  
So, my question is indirectly with respect to the minimum shareholding. I was also reading up a 
consultation paper that is saying that the minimum shareholding timelines with respect to which 
that has to be met at the 25%, public shareholding. So, anything with respect to that, because 
from what I understand now, with the market cap of INR50,000 crores to INR1 lakh crores, 
within three years from listing 25% has to be achieved. We've been listed for like a year or so. 
Atul Jain: 
The guidelines have already come. It's not a consultancy paper in any case. So, we have time till 
September ‘29 now to get it. It's not gazetted yet, but the guidelines have come. So, it will get 
gazetted. The guidelines have come. So, we'll have time till September ‘29 for the parent to 
dilute.  
By the time I think we will require one additional round of a capital or primary capital and the 
basis. The other -- it will be decided by the BFL board it because it's a decision given by parent 
to dilute. We are not in a hurry to dilute because we have not got any urgency to raise primary 
capital. 

 
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Siraj Khan: 
I understand that. So, I was just wanting to understand from respect to -- I'm not sure. I'm sure 
that they will not be selling out. But how will the -- how will that come down? I mean, most 
probably it will be through a QIP, but that will be much later. 
Atul Jain: 
It is the FY ’29. It is four years from now. Yes. 
Siraj Khan: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I'll now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Atul Jain: 
Thank you. Thank you all for your patient listening. Thank you all for joining us on the call. 
That's all from us. All of us here for that. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
