 
Mastek Limited 
804/805, President House, Opp. C. N. Vidyalaya, Near Ambawadi Circle, Ahmedabad – 380 006 
Tel: +91-79-2656-4337 | Email: info@mastek.com | Web: www.mastek.com | CIN: L74140GJ1982PLC005215 
 
 
SEC/083/2025-26                                                                                                                             October 24, 2025 
  
  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai-400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 523704  
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
SYMBOL: MASTEK  
ISIN: INE759A01021 
 
Dear Sir(s) / Ma'am(s), 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on the financial performance for the 
Quarter and Half-year ended September 30, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on the financial 
performance for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2025, conducted on October 17, 2025, for 
your information and records. 
 
The Transcript of the conference call can also be accessed from the website of the Company at 
https://www.mastek.com/investor-financial-information/  
 
 Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Mastek Limited  
 
 
 
Reena Raje  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: A21440 
 
Encl: A/A 
 
Reena 
Abhijit Raje
Digitally signed by 
Reena Abhijit Raje 
Date: 2025.10.24 
20:20:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
  
“Mastek Limited 
 
Q2 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. UMANG NAHATA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MASTEK LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK JAGTAP – E&Y INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the Mastek Limited Q2 FY’26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pratik Jagtap from E&Y Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you, 
Pratik. 
Pratik Jagtap: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good morning to all of you, and welcome to Q2 FY'26 Earnings Call of 
Mastek Limited. The results and presentation have already been mailed to you and you can also 
view it on our website, www.mastek.com.  
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have the top management 
of Mastek, represented by Umang Nahata, the CEO of the company. Umang will start the call 
with business update for the quarter. Post that, we will open the floor for Q&A session. 
 
As usual, I would like to remind you that anything mentioned in this call that reflects any outlook 
for the future, or which can be construed as forward-looking statements, must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are 
included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and the 
subsequent annual report that you can find on our website. 
 
Having said that, I will now hand over the call to Umang Nahata. Over to you, Umang. 
Umang Nahata: 
Thank you, Pratik. Thank you, Ryan. Very good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Q2 FY’26 
earnings call for Mastek Limited. I'll start the call by wishing an early Diwali festive greetings 
to all of you as we get into the week of Diwali next week. 
 
Moving on to the performance of the company for the quarter. I'm very pleased to share that we 
continue to see a consistent performance with our business with a stable result for this quarter 
despite the continued geopolitical and macro uncertainties. As far as our operating revenue is 
concerned, the operating revenue for the quarter landed at INR 940 crores, which was up 8.4% 
year-on-year and 2.8% sequential, representing a constant currency growth of 0.2%. 
 
Our operational excellence and discipline on cost control continued to help deliver stable 
profitability for this quarter. Our operational EBITDA landed at INR 145.5 crores, 6% quarter-
on-quarter improvement and 1.7% year-on-year growth, translating to an operating EBITDA of 
15.5%, which is up 50 basis points from the last quarter. The net profit for the year stood at INR 
97.4 crores, up 6% quarter-on-quarter. While it has declined 24% year-on-year due to an 
exceptional gain of INR 44 crores in the base quarter. So, on a normalized basis, if we take out 
the exceptional item, the profit grew 14% year-on-year. Net profit margin stood at around 10.2% 
as compared to the 9.9% in quarter 1. Our 12-month order backlog stood at around $280 million, 
representing a 2.2% sequential growth and a 6.8% year-on-year growth, supported by healthy 
deal conversions and renewals across all geographies, especially U.K. 
 
We continue to maintain a very strong and healthy balance sheet. Our cash position, which is 
cash and cash equivalents currently stand at INR 656 crores as compared to the INR 549 crores 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
in Q1. DSO improvements continue to be a key area of focus and we have now brought down 
the DSO to 80 days versus the 82 days in quarter 1 and versus the 95 days in quarter 2 last year, 
reflecting a strong cadence on working capital discipline. 
 
Moving forward, as far as our business is concerned, we continue to focus on the same strategy 
that we have. The real focus is on execution of the business. The top 3 strategy items for us that 
we look at, one is continued focus on geo diversity. We operate in 3 geos, and we are focusing 
on growing the business across all 3 geos rather than 1 or 2. AI continues to be a key driver. 
Leading all of our business with AI is the second most important factor for our long-term strategy 
and growth. And third, our vision and focus is to become a partner or leader as far as delivering 
growth in the mid-market segment is concerned. So continued focus on mid-market and creating 
a demonstratable leadership position in that segment as our third key strategic view. So 
continued focus on all the 3 strategic items, and I'll elaborate more on all of them as we go 
forward. 
 
As far as our geographical diversity is concerned, U.K. continues to be our strongest geography 
and the largest geography for our business. Our U.K. business continues to be very strong across 
all the 3 quadrants that it has, which is around healthcare. U.K. healthcare continues to see very 
strong demand. We see that the government is executing on its policy and investment decisions, 
which is leading to a strong view of the demand as we go forward as well as strong spending. 
 
Our secured government services sector continues to see a very strong trust and long-term 
connect with our clients, leading to a lot of long-term contracts and renewals in the business. 
This quarter marked a GBP 50 million-plus deal, which is an AI-led engineering services deal 
to deliver modernization as well as efficiency for the secured government services sector and 
we will continue to see such larger deals and renewals as we go forward. 
 
The private sector, which is the third important sector, and which has had a lot of focus over the 
last few quarters to really bring it to forward. I am very pleased to report that the private sector 
continues to also see good demand. And again, many new logos adding to that sector. This 
quarter also marked a new $15 million-plus AI-led modernization, transformation deal with one 
of the large financial services customers in the vertical. 
 
Overall, we continue to see a very healthy AI-led demand across all sectors. A lot of this demand 
is for AI for technology, which is basically demanding efficiency, modernization and faster 
execution for IT technology services. We are very much taking a front-foot approach in terms 
of delivering a tangible ROI to our customers and demonstrating tangible benefits to them, while 
focusing on delivering steady and improved bottom line for the geography and for the company. 
 
As far as North America is concerned, we now have a new leader who has joined North America, 
Sourabh Mukherjee. Sourabh has joined us from 1 of the top 4 IT services companies, very 
hands-on healthcare-focused leader, and we are very pleased and excited to see the turnaround 
and growth of North America under his leadership. Along with Sourabh, we've also made some 
important changes in our capability leadership in the geography. So we now have a new leader, 
heading our Salesforce business. And that largely marks the turnaround or the overall of the 
North America leadership that we were trying to do over the last 1.5 quarters, which gives us 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
now the full energy and backing to focus on execution and start delivering the growth ambition 
of the geography. 
 
Our strategy and focus on North America continues to be on healthcare and life sciences as a 
key vertical, and we continue to enjoy strong client relationship as well as partner relationships 
with Oracle, Salesforce and the Data service lines. The overall North America market still has a 
lot of macro uncertainties, which is leading to right shift in demand. But we are preparing 
ourselves for a lot of AI-led demonstratable growth in the geography, which will deliver 
significant uphaul as we move forward. 
 
As far as the APAC and Middle East business is concerned, the APAC and Middle East business, 
we continue to focus on healthcare as a key vertical. Our strategy in that business is to 
consolidate and really zero down our focus on a few key segmented areas while delivering 
profitable growth. This quarter again marked a significant growth in our healthcare business, 
with $7 million-plus deal on healthcare, which is one of our larger deals in this segment in the 
geography, as well as continued focus on DSO as well as profitability improvement in the 
geography. Across all 3 sectors, like I said, the focus on the key verticals continues to be the 
same, and we are seeing good remarkable larger deals as well as a lot of AI-led demand to deliver 
technology efficiencies to our client and modernization. 
 
Coming to the AI side of our strategy and equation. The AI wave is very much set on and is 
now, in fact, starting to generate more and more demand. Like I had mentioned in a few of our 
previous calls, we see the AI wave in two parts. The first part of the wave, which is AI for tech, 
which is delivering efficiency, speed and better quality on the technology delivery that we have 
across engineering, testing, managed services, implementations, et cetera. A lot of very active 
discussions across all of our customer base, across all geographies on the AI for tech. Our 
approach to AI for tech is to take a very positive and firm ROI-based approach to our clients and 
delivering not just an ROI on Excel sheets, but delivering a tangible ROI to them, which would 
mean some real business benefits as well as efficiency gains to our client. And while we do that, 
we are also actively working at making sure that we are preserving our bottom line, in fact, 
improving it as we go forward which is demonstratable by our improvement in terms of revenue 
per resource that we've been continuously demonstrating over the last few quarters. 
 
The AI for tech wave is now starting to lead into the AI for business wave, which is where 
customers are now very actively starting to ask for how could we help use AI as a technology to 
deliver business transformation. This, I believe, is going to be the biggest wave for the IT 
services industry over the last few decades and is going to significantly transform our industry. 
We are seeing some very strong initial trends there and working with almost a dozen of our 
customers in terms of building their AI for business transformation road map. As we deliver this 
road map, we look forward to getting into execution in some part of early FY '27. And that kind 
of change or demonstratable change there will really mark a significant shift in the AI adoption 
across our customers. While we deliver all of these changes, it is also a continuous focus on our 
internal efficiency gains and making sure that we are delivering more and more efficient 
services, both across our delivery as well as over G&A management. Our focus on operational 
efficiency has now started to reflect on our bottom line. And while we continue to deliver AI-

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
led efficiency to our clients, our profitability will remain steady and continue to grow northwards 
as we move forward quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Another last update as far as the Chief Financial Officer, who should have been my partner in 
crime on this call. We have a candidate who we are expecting to join early next month, and I'm 
pretty confident to have a partner with me on this call starting next quarter. 
 
With that, I would like to hand it over back to you for Q&A and discussions from there. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
Sir, my first question is on the U.K. geography. Obviously, it remains as a key growth driver. 
But within the U.K., we have seen some softness coming in. If you can break down in terms of 
what's happening in SGS, NHS and the U.K. private. Obviously, you have given a color. But in 
terms of the SGS growth rate, obviously, we have a deal there. So what kind of uptick we can 
see from that deal? Also in terms of the renewal pipeline that is up there in some of the larger 
accounts that we have in SGS that we expect to come in the coming quarters? And on the NHS 
side, obviously, we have seen one large deal being awarded to one of the large IT majors. So 
how to read that? And whether we are seeing some risk of vendor consolidation there within 
NHS. And like your views on that. 
 
So is it impacting some of our spends that were planned by NHS? In terms of what part of the 
portfolio is getting tracked in the U.K.? So I see some softness in the Oracle part within the U.K. 
and the EU region. So is it over or we can see some more drag there? 
Umang Nahata: 
Thank you for your questions, Amit. So as far as U.K. is concerned, like I said, we generally 
feel very positive and upbeat across all the sectors that we have. But you're right, as you look at 
the current performance for the quarter, it's been slower than some of our previous quarters in 
terms of growth. But let me explain it sector by sector. Like SGS, which is the secured 
government services, which is our biggest sector, continues to see a strong momentum. As I 
mentioned earlier, we're not only signing sizable renewals but we're also signing these renewals 
with a lot of headroom expansion from where they were in the previous versions and avatars.  
These renewals continue to give us from a 3-year to a 5-year long-term visibility of steady 
business and growth in these sectors. While we continue to sign these renewals, the sector also 
and this is not just for secured government is across the board, is looking at more and more AI-
led efficiency asks, and we are taking a very robust and assertive approach working with our 
clients in support of the long-term commitment that they are showing to us to deliver some of 
these short-term savings needs that they have. And demonstrating the potential and capability 
that Mastek has on its AI for technology to deliver them some tangible savings in the short term 
as we work with them to gear for much larger long-term business growth within those verticals. 
 
As far as NHS is concerned, the NHS deal that got announced by one of our larger competitors, 
Mastek was not participating in that deal. It's a deal which was not a deal in our direct focus. 
And it does not impact any of our other businesses that we have with NHS across the various 
departments within the NHS that we work for. This deal is more around the workforce systems 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
modernization. Currently, we are not participating in that area with NHS. So this particular deal, 
while it's a large deal, but does not have any impact or we do not see any consolidation or any 
of those kinds of risks within our NHS and healthcare segment in U.K. 
 
As far as our on the private sector business is concerned, we continue to see healthy momentum. 
This is where the same AI-led efficiencies allowing us to go after net new customers and win 
work share from our competition. An example of that was the $15 million-plus deal that we have 
bagged this quarter in another large financial services client, where we are going to demonstrate 
AI-led modernization and efficiency to the account over 3 years. 
 
As far as our Oracle business is concerned, it is a little project-driven business, and therefore 
sometimes has a quarter-on-quarter up or down. But we feel comfortable with the pipeline that 
we're seeing. In fact, we are seeing demand, and we've also closed some good orders in our 
traditional areas of strength, which is around the local government, and we see strong healthy 
demand in the local government and higher education sector again. And our relationship with 
Oracle continues to be strong. In fact, we were awarded one of the prestigious AI for supply 
chain partners in the AI world at Oracle that is going on as we speak. Our Oracle Europe business 
has also seen a new leader now come in. The leader is ex-Oracle and has really picked up the 
Europe business well. And I'm confident that we will continue to see and deliver the kind of 
vision that we have for our Europe business under his leadership. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. Secondly, on the margin side, obviously, the U.K. margins, we have seen it has more or 
less stabilized. But the margins in the U.S. and the Middle East is still lower than what we expect 
it to be. So any additional color in terms of how you see the margin trajectory going on from 
here on? 
Umang Nahata: 
Thanks for asking that question, Amit. As far as our margins position is concerned, as we 
continue to focus on AI for tech, it has dual impact. While we are driving efficiency and 
productivity improvement for our customers, it is also driving a lot of internal operational 
efficiency on our own business, which is a steady trajectory. But I'm sure as we continue to focus 
there, it will start drawing continuous improvement in our bottom line performance from here 
on. 
 
As far as North America specific margins are concerned, like we have been mentioning earlier, 
there is clearly a heightened S&M spend as compared to our current business, which is in 
anticipation of the growth that we look at. As the business comes closer to its optimal number, 
which will be $3 million to $4 million growth from where we are today, you will start seeing the 
EBITDA numbers move significantly up. But having said that, like I said, operational efficiency 
is on. We have made good investments, and we continue to hold our investments. We definitely 
are optimistic about the growth there, but some of the geographical EBIT numbers will start 
showing better color as the growth starts to develop. 
 
As far as our AMEA business is concerned, again, we are continuing to drive a lot of operational 
efficiencies. We have brought down our DSOs significantly, as I mentioned earlier in the call. 
And we are also looking at only profitable growth in the geography. There was a one-off WAR 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
revenue, which led to a onetime dip in the trajectory, but you will continue to see it back on its 
trajectory from the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mahak from Mak Seven Investment 
Mahak: 
I wanted to ask about the new deals in Asia, Middle East and Africa region. 
Umang Nahata: 
So Mahak, the new deal that we have secured in the APAC and Middle East geography is in the 
healthcare segment. It's an AI-led transformation for one of the largest healthcare provider 
organizations in the geography. It's a multiyear deal to deliver AI-led business transformation 
for the account. It's a $5 million-plus already. And not only are we executing this deal, but we 
also continue to see good healthy momentum as far as our healthcare vertical is concerned across 
AMEA. We have a very strong pipeline to execute in the H2. And we strongly believe that 
healthcare will lead to a significant transformation to our AMEA business. 
 
The AMEA business also continues to be a strong bedrock for a lot of new AI-led initiatives as 
well as development of our Oracle Health Services portfolio, and we are starting to see demand 
beyond Oracle ERP into Oracle Health as well as Salesforce and some of the other service lines 
that we have. 
Mahak: 
Okay. Another thing that with more and more AI and ML, will we see a drop in employee count 
and employee cost? 
Umang Nahata: 
So as far as the employee head count is concerned, our strategy is, we are not necessarily going 
and reducing any head count, but we are also using attrition to our advantage and not backfilling 
with the exact same numbers, which is leading to constant efficiency and growth. I believe in 
the long run, we will see the revenue per resource go up consistently. Overall head count will 
depend upon the size of growth, but general revenue per resource will keep moving northwards 
as we go forward. 
Mahak: 
Okay. And another thing that using AI, what reduction we can see in the operating costs in the 
future? 
Umang Nahata: 
So as far as our operating costs are concerned, our current and immediate focus from an internal 
standpoint was on our delivery, which is the biggest portion of our cost as well as business. So 
we were hyper-focused on our technical execution across engineering and Oracle and Salesforce 
and all of our capability lines, which is continuously being demonstrated in the head count 
reduction as well as delivering growth with the reduced head count that we have had. 
 
As we go forward, we'll now focus and take the AI-led efficiency to our G&A side of the 
business also. We believe it will drive some efficiencies there in the G&A, but we haven't 
quantified that, but it will directionally improve as we go forward. 
Mahak: 
I just want to tell you that the numbers are really promising and all the best for your future. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pulkit Chawla from B&K Securities. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Pulkit Chawla: 
Umang, if I look at your 12-month order book for the last few quarters, the overall growth rate 
seems to be down quite substantially. I mean this quarter, again, we are looking at close to 7% 
Y-o-Y growth. Is there some delay in the decision-making that's sort of leading to some sort of 
muted growth this year? And second, you alluded to, I think, some one-offs in AMEA. If you 
could help us quantify what was the impact on that because of that? 
Umang Nahata: 
Thank you for that question, Pulkit. As far as the general macro uncertainty is concerned, they 
continue to play a role in the minds of our clients as they look at decision-making. These are 
currently 2 or 3 important factors. One, the decision-making, especially with our U.S. customers 
is shifting right, and we've been seeing that as a phenomena at least for the last 2-3 quarters. 
Having said that, it's not that the deals are going away, it's just that the decisions are slower as 
compared to where they were. Two, what is also happening is whenever they had a long-term 
decision to make, they're making more short-term decisions. 
 
So for example, instead of a 3-year, 5-year deal, they're signing up for a 1 year or 6 months or 1 
quarter deal, which is reflecting in our order book and our backlog not moving strongly as 
compared to our expectations in the geography. So this general macro uncertainty is definitely 
playing a part in terms of the decision-making mindset of our clients. 
 
The other important aspect, Pulkit, is the clients are also actually currently and consistently 
evaluating the impact that AI will have on their IT road map and budgets. And more or less 
dipping their toes in and trying smaller projects to deliver efficiency gains, and we'll use that to 
then sign much more larger strategic deals, especially with the mid-market customers where our 
focus is. 
So we believe we are getting some right indicators in terms of signing a lot of good, strong initial 
deals with them, which could be backed by much longer, larger deals as we go forward. While 
I've said, spoken about U.S., some of the phenomena also applies to our U.K., especially the 
U.K. private sector customers. 
 
As far as the one-off in AMEA is concerned, yes, there was a particular contract, which we have 
already delivered a sizable portion of it, but we couldn't get the formal paperwork in, and 
therefore, there was some WAR revenue that we couldn't recognize in the quarter, which will 
improve the profitability of the region as we go forward into the following quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pratham Kankariya from Quantum AMC Private 
Limited. 
Pratham Kankariya: 
Okay. So first of all, my question on AMEA region has been answered. Another one is recent 
on Oracle, they have announced some very mind-boggling projections on the cloud deployment 
sales. So if you can just help me understand if there will be any positive impact of this on 
Mastek? 
Umang Nahata: 
Yes, Pratham. Thank you for your question. I think Oracle's business, generally the Oracle Cloud 
Infrastructure and Oracle Technology business is seeing some phenomenal changes in their 
business and approach. A lot of this, as all of you must have read, is driven by their capital and 
AI-led investments supporting some of the larger AI and technology companies in the U.S. So 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
that's boosting a significant growth for them. Generally, overall speaking, it feels like Oracle, 
clearly, as far as the infrastructure race is concerned, has a very strong hold on the supply chain 
of being able to deliver the GPU faster, and which is clearly adding to its advantage. 
 
We believe from a Mastek standpoint, Oracle is our strongest partnership and relationship. The 
other thing that Oracle is also doing is reorganizing its healthcare business, especially the Cerner 
acquisition and trying to move a lot of their Cerner, which is now called as Oracle Health to 
cloud and cloud infrastructure, especially. And that's one area that we have a very strong 
presence in. We are one of the very few partners globally who do that kind of work for Oracle. 
And that's an area of business which we see as a really good chance to improve our healthcare 
business beyond back office to more Oracle Health and especially cloud and managed services 
within the Oracle Health segment. So that's one area. 
 
Two, in general, as clients look at their AI spend, they look at partners who have the ability to 
deliver the infrastructure for demonstrating those AI solutions, and that's where our relationship 
with Oracle should allow us some long-term benefit. However, on the later half, we don't see 
anything immediate here and now, but we are quite optimistic that as we get into the AI for 
business, our partnership with Oracle will play a strong positive for us. 
Pratham Kankariya: 
Okay. So just one thing to be clear. So we are majorly into Oracle's healthcare part of the 
business. Is that right? 
Umang Nahata: 
We are into Oracle Cloud and within that, we are also very focused on the Oracle Health. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sushovon Nayak from Anand Rathi. 
Sushovon Nayak: 
Quickly just on the Data & AI horizontal, generally, this has been showing almost 25% to 30% 
quarter-on-quarter growth. Any particular reason why that has slowed down? That was one. And 
I had another question, which was basically on the margins. How much of the margin 
improvement has actually come on account of currency and how much would be on account of 
operational improvements? If that could be quantified, that would be helpful. 
Umang Nahata: 
Sure. As far as the Data & AI business is concerned, Sushovon, I think it's a business that has 
tremendous attention and focus for us. We are seeing continued demand not just from the North 
America side of the business where we had acquired the asset, but really our ability to deliver it 
globally across all of our customers globally. We have seen some significant intake earlier in the 
previous quarter, both with NHS as well as with some of our large financial services engagement 
that we are executing. So the demand in that segment and our ability to demonstrate capability 
and growth is definitely helping us shape the outputs well. 
 
Having said that, our growth of our Data service lines within North America specifically is still 
slower to where we expect it to be. As we speak with a new leader and team in place, we are 
now driving much more targeted campaigns around Data, especially Data and Data 
modernization-led areas. And we are confident that this is one area that will continue to grow 
the fastest as we move forward. As far as the bottom line performance is concerned, around 10 
basis points was the impact of FX and the rest of it is operational efficiency. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Sushovon Nayak: 
Okay. And just one last bit, Umang, is that if you look at whatever is happening in the U.K. with 
the fiscal situation there, so do you envisage that potentially there may be a reduction of spend 
and possibly that right shifting that you are mentioning may also translate in U.K.? Is that 
something that you envisage as a possibility? 
Umang Nahata: 
So Sushovon, as far as our U.K. business is concerned, our foundational strength of our U.K. 
business is the long-term trusted relationship that we enjoy with the government, including, as 
you might have seen recently, Ashank had met the Prime Minister. We have committed to 
creating newer jobs, spending in the geography. So our foundation is the long-term relationship 
with the customer? You are right to ask that there is a fiscal pressure and therefore, there is 
continued ask for more and more efficiency from strategic partners, which we believe is an 
opportunity for us to demonstrate our AI for tech capabilities. We are very actively and 
aggressively demonstrating them in our current estate and using that to create the right capability 
expectations of asking for much bigger, much larger businesses from that same estate on the 
back of the trust and the quality of the work that we have done. 
So while we have the quality and trust on our side, we are currently using the efficiency asks to 
demonstrate how AI can deliver that kind of efficiency in our own estate first. That's the ask for 
most of our customers, demonstrate it in your own estate before you ask for larger businesses. 
We have the eye of where the larger business are going to come from, but we will have to 
demonstrate some efficiencies in our own estate first. And this is not just for U.K SGS, this is 
true for every mid- and large customer that we have. 
Sushovon Nayak: 
So Umang, in the last con call, what we got to understand was the type of work that we are doing 
for Bank of England. Now that is basically shown in the government services? Or is it in the 
BFSI bit? And what exactly would be the work? 
The reason I'm asking this question again is because what I also understand from Accenture's 
con call is that they are also doing a lot of legacy modernization work specifically with the Bank 
of England. Is that anything very similar that you are doing? If you could possibly just give us 
some flavor on that, that would be great. 
Umang Nahata: 
Sushovon, so the work that you're doing with Bank of England is first, we are classifying it under 
the BFS vertical in our segmentation. Two, the work that we are doing for Bank of England is 
something that we're extremely proud of. It is very much core to the business. So what we're 
doing is we are helping them modernize their data, which is on a Databricks platform. And that 
data modernization platform that we are delivering to them will become the heart of all fiscal 
decisions that the Bank of England is going to make over the coming years. 
 
So this is a system where we are consolidating data from lots of banking as well as external and 
internal centers. It's extremely high volume with near to zero kind of error rate precision data 
strategy and data execution that we are doing now. So, in the first part, we did strategy. Now we 
are doing the next 3 years of execution work for them. So, it's a business that will impact the 
U.K.'s economic policy decisions as we go forward. The work that some of our peers are doing 
are more around application modernization. This is more around data and data modernization to 
help them with their fiscal decision-making. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dipesh Kumar Mehta from Emkay Global. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
A couple of questions. You indicated about some kind of delay in decision-making and client 
preferring to sign shorter-term contracts. Do you expect that will lead to better conversion from 
order book to revenue? In the past, your order book to revenue multiple if I look was roughly 
around 1.6. If you want to do next 4 quarters kind of calculation, do you expect it to improve? 
Second thing is, if I look at your Q-o-Q order book growth, do you think revenue conversion 
will be faster than that, considering short tenure deals signed in that order backlog? So that is 
question one. 
 
Second question is about Americas segment margin. If I look at it, we have seen some double 
digits, last year in H2. How one should look segment margin of America? We are in the 
investment phase. But do you think now we reach to a point where you see that investment will 
start fructifying into result? 
Last question is about AMEA. You indicated some kind of one-off where revenue recognition 
not happened which impacted margin. But we might have followed matching principle, right? If 
that matching principal followed, then I am not clear why the impact was there. If you can 
clarify. 
Umang Nahata: 
So Dipesh, thanks for all your questions. As far as our the OB to revenue ratios or some of the 
shorter duration contracts, that's largely a phenomenon with our North America business today. 
And there, we are confident despite of lower order book in this quarter, we should be able to 
stay consistent with our revenue performance. Like I said, earlier, we believe that the North 
America business will have some challenges in the short term, but will continue to deliver 
stronger performance as we go forward. But some of the OB to revenue ratios in North America 
would be better than where they were because for a lot of these contracts ACVs are much higher 
as compared to where they were earlier. As far as our U.K. Europe business is concerned, those 
are still a lot of long-term 3-year, 5-year deals. And that's the nature of work that we do with 
secured government or with some of the other verticals that I spoke to you about. So there, the 
ratios will not change so much, at least not in the immediate vicinity that we have. 
 
On the segmented profitability of North America is concerned, like I mentioned in one of the 
previous questions, as we move forward and as we grow from here, come closer to like a $28mn 
- $30mn run rate in North America, that's when it will start going up to double digit or mid-
double-digit kind of EBIT numbers. So, we have invested for that kind of range today. We have 
to still get there. And we really want to continue to hold the investments. We think it's a very 
healthy investment, which will deliver disproportionate results as we go forward. 
 
On the one-off in AMEA is concerned, we take the conservative approach as far as rev rec is 
concerned. So unless we have all documentation is in place while we might have delivered the 
work, we did not recognize the revenue based on the general conservativeness that we should 
use in our accounting approach as we deliver our financial numbers. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Just to clarify, you recognized cost, you have not recognized revenue?  
Umang Nahata: 
That is correct. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Okay. And a follow-up question on the OB to revenue. What portion of our revenue or order 
book would be from U.S., whether it reflects the revenue mix or it is different? 
Umang Nahata: 
I think the order book mix, at least for this quarter is disproportionately high from our U.K. 
Europe business. Our U.K. Europe business, it's a significant higher percentage of our order 
booking for this quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Varun Gandhi from Fident Asset Management. 
Varun Gandhi: 
Umang, I wanted to a question related to AI and type of contracts. So currently, we're reporting 
around 40% fixed price contracts and 60% of our contracts is time and material. The new 
narrative is and since the larger peers have called out that the new trend is that contracts are 
moving more towards your outcome-based pricing, so fixed pricing. Are you seeing that? And 
if yes, do you see your tilt contract mix going towards fixed? And if so, how would you see the 
impact on margins? 
Umang Nahata: 
So Varun, that's a great question from an overall trend of the industry is concerned. AI as far as 
AI for technology is concerned, which is the AI that is impacting the productivity and efficiency 
of technology services, it is definitely delivering more and more efficiency every day than what 
we had seen in our previous months or quarters. And that efficiency is what is leading to 
customers as well as partners trying to move towards a fixed price or an outcome-based contract 
so that the gains could be shared. The commercial model, I still think are fluid and everybody is 
trying out various commercial models in the geography. 
 
So I'll not comment whether it will move one way or the other, right now. What is definite is 
that there will be more efficiency and productivity gains that will happen. What's going to be the 
right commercial model, whether it is fixed price or outcome-based or whether a T&M with 
efficiency share or something else will continue. That's a little early to comment on. We are 
discussing a variety of models with our customers as we speak. While they still start with T&M 
especially in the engineering services start with T&M as a base, but a T&M with an outcome-
focused contracting is the direction of travel that it is taking. So I don't have a definite view of 
how fast this trend change will, but efficiency ask and a commercial model to demonstrate that 
efficiency ask is clearly a direction of travel that we're seeing. 
Varun Gandhi: 
Second was, what is the impact of this shift on margins? 
Umang Nahata: 
So as far as margins are concerned, clearly, we are also seeing a lot of efficiency on our side. 
Some of those efficiencies are flowing down to our bottom line. Like I said, our revenue per 
resource clearly will be moving north as we go forward. Having said that, some of this is also 
has to be replowed in the business because the bigger wave that we are all now building up for 
is AI for business, which is where we could deliver Agentic or other AI-led business 
transformation solutions for our clients. And that requires us to demonstrate and build a lot of 
solutions, assets, proof of concepts, working closely with our customers. 
 
We are seeing, for example, a dozen such engagements where we are demonstrating or building 
AI for business road map for some of our important mid-market customers, that clearly will pave 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
the path forward for a much more significant overall services growth in the industry. So a lot of 
the savings are being plowed back into AI for business kind of investments today. 
Varun Gandhi: 
I see. But do you think a lot of these efficiency gains would also be passed on to the consumer, 
I mean, the customer in this case? 
Umang Nahata: 
Hundred percent, so if you have to do business right, you will have to pass on some of the savings 
back to the customers. At least our vision is making some tangible growth for us on our size of 
business to demonstrate and get a seat on the table for larger transformations. We will have to 
demonstrate not just lip service, but some real tangible benefit to our customers. And therefore, 
passing on a portion of our efficiencies back to them openly and transparently is going to be 
very important. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mahak from Mak Seven Investment. 
Mahak: 
Sir, can you quantify that one-off revenue that we have already delivered, and it is to be 
recognized in the future quarter? 
Umang Nahata: 
We don't have an exact number with me, Mahak, but closer to the tune of like $0.5 million. 
Mahak: 
Okay. $0.5 million. And another thing that can we have the order book bifurcation region wise 
next quarter onwards? 
Umang Nahata: 
Mahak, we usually do not disclose order book. That's not how we are working at. But we 
continue to disclose and share our regional performance as well as our anticipation for the region, 
but we don't disclose order book by region. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Umang Nahata for his closing comments. 
Umang Nahata: 
Thank you, Ryan. Thanks for helping us organize the call. Thank you, everyone, for your 
participation and your active and very engaging questions. We continue to see very strong 
optimism in terms of the macro, especially the AI-led technology disruption that we are going 
through. 
I think as a company and as a business, disruption situation like this is the best opportunity that 
we could have had or asked for to create a disproportionate kind of vision and growth for 
companies like us. We continue to focus on that as an area of investment and deliver the true 
potential of Mastek. 
 
As far as our short-term business is concerned, the market still has a lot of macro and global 
uncertainties, which is leading to some deferment of decision making. However, we continue to 
navigate those uncertainties with a strong and robust bottom line performance and looking 
forward to a good positive H2 as we move forward. Thank you for the call. And once again, 
Happy Diwali to everyone who's joined the call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Mastek Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 

 
 
Mastek Limited 
 
 
October 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
