 
 
Page 0 of 14 
 
                                                                                                  
 
 
 
 
RSWM/SECTT/2025 
11th November 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 500350 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block - G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip Code: RSWM 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, 6th 
November 2025. 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Please refer to our Earnings Conference Call, scheduled for Thursday, 6th November 2025, at 
6:00 PM (IST), as intimated in our letter dated 27/10/2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
transcript. The transcript is also being made available on the company's website: www.rswm.in 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For RSWM LIMITED 
 
 
 
SURENDER GUPTA 
SR. VICE PRESIDENT - LEGAL & COMPANY SECRETARY 
FCS-2615 
 
rswm.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
 
(Formerly Rajasthan Spinning & Weaving Mills Limited) 
Corporate Office: 
Bhilwara Towers, A-12, Sector-1,  
Noida - 201301, NCR-Delhi, India 
Tel: +91-120-4390300 (EPABX) 
Fax: +91-120-4277841 
W: www.rswm.in 
GSTIN: 09AAACR9700M1Z1 
Registered Office: 
Kharigram, Post Office Gulabpura - 311021, 
Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan, India 
Tel: +91-1483-223144 to 223150, 223478 
Fax: +91-1483-223361,223479 
W: www.lnjbhilwara.com 
GSTIN: 08AAACR9700M1Z3 
SURENDER 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
SURENDER KUMAR 
GUPTA 
Date: 2025.11.11 
18:38:18 +05'30'

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 1 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RSWM Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Thursday, 6th November 2025 
 
 
Management Team 
♦ Mr. Rajeev Gupta, JMD 
♦ Mr. Nitin Tulyani, President & CFO 
♦ Mr. Surender Gupta, Chief Compliance Officer, Legal & CS 
 
 
 
 
 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 2 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to the RSWM Limited Q2 
and H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Rik Capital. 
We have with us today from the Management, Mr. Rajeev Gupta – Joint 
Managing Director; Mr. Nitin Tulyani – President and CFO; Mr. Surender 
Gupta – Chief Compliance Officer, Legal and Company Secretary. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to take this opportunity to 
remind everyone about the disclaimer related to this conference call. Today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature based on management's current 
beliefs and expectations. It must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that 
our business faces that could cause our future results, performance or 
achievements to differ significantly from what may be expressed or implied 
by such forward-looking statements. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajeev Gupta for the industry outlook. 
Following that, Mr. Nitin Tulyani will take over for the financial overview. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I hope you and your families are in 
good health. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call. I hope you all had the opportunity to review the 
Financial Results and Investor Presentation, which are available on the stock 
exchanges uploaded today itself. 
Now, Q2 remained challenging for the entire textile industry, mainly in view 
of the imposition of 50% tariff on all textile goods by the U.S. government 
and due to the geopolitical situation across the globe. There was panic and 
also the feeling of uncertainty across industry segments to handle the 
situation and more importantly, to remain viable financially. Especially the 
garmenters were under great stress as the shipments got stuck and the 
buyers were asking for heavy discounts on the already booked orders as well. 
This impacted the entire supply chain on account of heavy inventories, low 
orders, tight liquidity position and hence, impacting the viability of the 
operations. Industry was trying to handle this situation through renegotiation 
with the buyers of the U.S. and also exploring the possibilities of shifting their 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 3 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
production based of the low-tariff destinations, to Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and 
many others. But this had a significant impact on profitability, especially in 
Q2 and partially in Q3 as well. There was some anticipation for relief on 
account of FTA with countries like the U.K., UAE and many more in discussion 
with the government. But this also is taking a lot of time in implementation. 
Now, further removal of import duty on cotton was supposed to be a welcome 
step, and eventually, this did not give a positive impact in Q2 at least. The 
impact on raw material prices was that the cotton prices of Indian cotton fell, 
and because of import duty, international cotton was cheaper. Most of the 
spinners, including RSWM, had a stock of cotton, which impacted the 
profitability negatively and lower cotton prices pulled down the cotton yarn 
prices downwards. So, there is an impact of 5% to 6% of cotton yarn prices 
during this quarter because of the imposition of import duty removal. 
Now RSWM tried to mitigate the situation through a strong focus on internal 
business processes and other strategic initiatives, which have been 
implemented partially and will have an impact in this half year 2 of the 
Financial Year '25-'26. The company have invested significantly in 70 
megawatts of renewable energy, 10 megawatts behind the meter, which we 
shared in the previous call also and 60 megawatts of round-the-clock power, 
which the Board had cleared a few days back, and today, we approved this 
further. Now these 70 megawatts of renewable energy, which we are now 
using, will make us a company which has more than 2/3 of its energy 
consumed from renewable sources. To be precise, 70% of the total 
consumption will now be from the renewable sources. So, we will be using 
the green energy to this extent. This will not only help the company in 
fulfilling the sustainable objective, but also will give us an advantage in terms 
of power cost rationalization. 
Further, your company is also exploring the possibility of forward integration. 
Under the initiative, the company has planned to invest almost ₹92 crores in 
the modernization and upgradation of the knit division and this will also give 
us an additional product mix as we are adding a printing facility during this 
expansion. With this investment, our knit capacity will increase from 700 
tons to 900 tons per month, along with the new printing facility. We are 
driving a number of initiatives across the supply chain through RSWM 2.0, 
the transformative journey with a focus on optimizing the cost, improving 
product mix and improving overall market mix through brands and new 
territories that we are exploring. 
We are very focused on reducing our NPAs and we are also working to 
monetize our nonoperating assets to support the investments and 
improvement initiatives. The major 4 working areas for the strategic 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 4 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
initiatives are: Number one, we are working on cash conservation, strong 
focus on cash flow. You will see the finance cost has reduced in our quarter-
to-quarter financial results, which Nitin will share with you after my talk. 
Second is optimizing the product mix for better profitability margins. This 
has been done in all the businesses, but the special impact of this is seen in 
the synthetic yarn business. Third is moving up the value chain, forward 
integration of knit and denim. We are adding printing and in denim, we are 
adding the product mix. Strong focus on operational costs, especially on the 
power through energy-efficient processes and alternative sources, as we 
mentioned, of solar and wind. And last is strong CAPEX monitoring for 
productive implementation of the desired outcomes. So, these being the few 
initiatives that we are doing with the outlook remaining concerning and 
challenging. RSWM is committed to taking over this challenge and in the long 
run, we see the outlook as very positive. 
So, now I will hand over the conference to my colleague, Nitin Tulyani, CFO, 
for sharing the detailed financial performance. Over to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, everyone. Myself, Nitin Tulyani, and I will now 
present RSWM's financial and strategic highlights for the second quarter and 
first half of financial year '26, and share how these results are positioning us 
for continued improvement in the upcoming quarters. 
Now, coming to the quarterly performance: 
So, during the current quarter, RSWM maintained its positive momentum 
with sustained profitability and improved operating metrics despite the global 
economic uncertainty environment. Our revenue from operations stood at 
₹1,150 crores compared to ₹1,166 crores in Q2 FY'25 and ₹1,169 crores in 
Q1 FY'26, a decline of 1.4% YoY and 1.6% QoQ, primarily due to lower 
capacity utilization in the mélange and the knit business. 
Our gross profit has increased to ₹445 crores, up 4.1% YoY, with the gross 
margin expanding to 38.4%, a 195-basis point improvement YoY and 116 
basis point QoQ improvement, primarily led by lower raw material costs and 
a more profitable product mix. 
EBITDA came in at ₹79 crores, rising 85.6% YoY with the EBITDA margin 
improving sharply to 6.8% compared to 3.6% last year, a 318-bps 
expansion, primarily driven by the operational efficiency, disciplined cost 
management and other cost-saving initiatives, which have been the key 
contributors. Our profit before depreciation and tax rose to ₹48 crores, up 
6.2x YoY, with PBDT margin improving by 349 basis points YoY to 4.1%. 
Profit after tax stood at ₹6.3 crores, a turnaround from a loss of ₹21 crores 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 5 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
in Q2 FY'25. PAT margin remained stable at 0.5%, marking consistent 
profitability for the second consecutive quarter in FY2026. 
Now coming to the half-yearly performance for the half year, which ended 
on 30th September 2025, RSWM demonstrated resilience and solid 
improvement in all profitability parameters. Our revenue stands at ₹2,319 
crores compared to ₹2,374 crores in H1 FY'25, marginally lower by 2.3% 
YoY, primarily being contributed to the lower efficiency utilization in the 
mélange business. Gross profit stands at ₹885 crores, an increase of 2.7% 
YoY with a 173-bps improvement in gross margin to 37.8%. EBITDA stands 
at ₹160 crores, up 66% YoY, with margin improving 280 bps YoY to 6.8%. 
PBDT stands at ₹95 crores, a 3.4x rise from ₹28 crores last year. PBDT 
margin improved 290 basis points YoY to 4.1%. Profit after tax stood at ₹13.2 
crores versus a loss of ₹34.9 crores in half year, which ended last year. This 
shows a clear turnaround to profitability. 
During the quarter, we took several focused steps to strengthen our financial 
position, improve cash flow and enhance overall efficiency. A few of the key 
initiatives include coming to the first one, which is purely reflected in our 
P&L, also that's the lower finance cost. We brought down our total finance 
cost to ₹30.6 crores, a reduction of 8.9% QoQ and 11.5% YoY through careful 
financial planning, reduction in the interest cost and tighter control on the 
borrowing cost, creating a positive impact on current quarter profitability by 
approximately ₹3 crores. 
The second initiative revolved around stringent controls around managing 
the working capital. Our average working capital utilization reduced by 10% 
in Q2 FY'26, supported by efficient inventory management, faster customer 
connections and better supply chain coordination. We have reduced overall 
inventory by approximately 16%, contributing to ₹121 crores if we compare 
with the balance sheet, which we reported in the financial year ended March 
2025. Similarly, our total receivables reduced by ₹51 crores in comparison 
to the financial year which ended 31 March 2025. 
Coming to another initiative, which we are taking to strengthen our financial 
position. We have increased the use of invoice discounting. We have a tie-
up with various invoice discounting platform and we are making greater use 
of the invoice discounting facilities due to better interest arbitrage in 
compared to our working capital cost, which is helping us to improve the 
cash flow expenses and we are also managing our receivables more 
efficiently. We have reduced certain low-margin activities to improve EBITDA 
margins. We are focusing on stringent profitable products only, enhancing 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 6 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
the capacity utilization and these are the direct efforts towards the high-
value core products. 
Our term loan has reduced further during the quarter, and we plan additional 
repayments, reinforcing our commitment to debt reduction and a stronger 
balance sheet in the time to follow. These actions have helped us improve 
our liquidity, lower finance costs and build a more efficient and resilient 
financial structure. We remain focused on sustainable growth, prudent capital 
management and creating long-term value for our stakeholders. 
With this, I would like to conclude and open the floor for any questions you 
may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line Rishabh Sharma of SK Capital. 
Please proceed.  
Rishabh Sharma: 
Sir, my question is on the green energy investment. As it is a good step on 
reducing the carbon footprint, I want to understand the cost structure. What 
impact would the green investment would have on the cost structure and the 
margins which we can expect? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes. So, thank you, Rishabh, for analyzing our data on short notice. And I 
fully agree with you, this investment of enhancing our green power to 70% 
of our total consumption by the addition of this 60-megawatt round-the-clock 
power is a step which will help RSWM to achieve more than 2/3 of our green 
energy. Now we are doing this through our tie-up with Adani Green Energy 
Solutions, which will provide us with round-the-clock power, which is used 
from the generation of solar power and wind power. This is a combination of 
both. So, we will be getting power from Adani Grid and it will be transmitted 
through this DISCOM energy transportation and through the grid only, we 
will be using this. 
Now this will have 2 advantages for us. One as a sustainable thing, the theme 
of sustainability the customers are giving an advantage and as management 
also, we also want the sustainable theme of energy to be used. Second, the 
tariff increases continuously for power. The Rajasthan tariff is also increasing. 
So, this will give us an advantage in terms of power being supplied at a lower 
cost. So, we intend to get savings on each unit that we do, and the exact 
savings on per unit will vary depending on the level of consumption and each 
unit structure is different. But overall, this will definitely reduce our energy 
cost per unit to the extent of almost ₹1. 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 7 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
Rishabh Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Understood, sir. And sir, the next question is on the import duty 
on the cotton. So, the import duty is free, so what will be your strategy for 
this import-free duty? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, India was having a duty on any cotton which is imported other than the 
long staple cotton, which is now removed, and Indian spinners are free to 
import cotton from any country. Now, largely Indian mills were using Indian 
cotton, and Indian cotton is normally cheaper than international cotton. But 
for the last 2 years, the trend was reversed. International cottons were 
cheaper, and because of the duty, Indian cotton was looking cheaper. Now, 
with this removal of import duty, imported cotton used in the Indian industry 
will increase. Imported cotton has 2 advantages. One, you have long staples, 
short staples and medium staples; all cotton availability is abundant. And 
second, these cottons also have less or no contamination. So, contamination-
free yarn can be made from these cottons.  
In the longer run, this decision will make the Indian spinning industry more 
competitive and the sources will be that way more available for sourcing 
cotton for the industry as a whole. But particularly for cotton under review, 
this has impacted negatively twofold. One, because imported cotton was 
cheaper and thereby Indian cotton prices went down, the mills which had 
stock of cotton, so their M2M on cotton is negative, and the competitive 
disadvantage is there. Second, because of cheaper cotton available, cotton 
yarn prices have reduced. And this was further impacted by U.S. tariffs 
because many of the spinners, which were integrated, also making forward 
garments or finished products. So, their spinning capacity was idle, and they 
pushed the material to the Indian market. So, as a result of that also, the 
yarn prices got impacted negatively. So, this loss because of imported duty 
removal on cotton has impacted negatively in this quarter and maybe this 
will also continue in the third quarter. But in the longer run, this is a welcome 
and good step. 
Rishabh Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Understood, sir and sir, the inventory is reduced from ₹730 crores 
to ₹608 crores. So, this is a significant reduction in the inventory. So, how 
much more improvement is possible in the next 2 to 3 quarters? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
I would agree with you. We always want the lowest stock. This journey will 
continue. And there is always scope till the time inventories are hand-to-
mouth. So, I will not be able to give any number. But I assure you, the focus 
and the control on inventories will continue, and there will be a possibility of 
further reduction from here on also. 
Rishabh Sharma:      Thank you, sir. All the Best 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 8 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
Rajeev Gupta:           Thank you so much, Rishabh 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor 
& Company. Please go ahead.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, with respect to the savings on account of 70% now being 
integrated through the renewable source, what should be our annual savings, 
sir, if you could just quantify? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, I think we will have these figures to be exactly firm up. But I must say 
that we will have savings varying somewhere when we have full utilization. 
This year, it will not be full. We will have an impact on almost 4 months 
during this financial year. But next year, it will be full. Now the savings will 
depend on the DISCOM tariff. If the DISCOM tariff remains the same, the 
savings will be to the tune of ₹30 crores to ₹40 crores at this. If the DISCOM 
tariff increases further, the savings will increase. If it reduces, the savings 
will decrease. So, this is certainly directly proportional to the DISCOM tariff 
that we have from Rajasthan. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So, ₹30 crores should be the base as of now for an annualized basis. 
That will go directly going to the bottom. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes. That is something which prompted us to do this investment at the 
earliest, you are right. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So, in that case, our ₹92 crores investment will have a 3-year payback 
period, also if that math works out. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
This ₹92 crore, which you are talking about, this is for the Knit expansion. 
For power, we have invested ₹60 crores as a group captive investment with 
Adani Energy Solution, which is part of the equity participation, which we 
have to do if you have to become a group captive member for any power 
plant. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So, sir, for the knitted investment, the CAPEX which we are doing for 
₹92 crores, how will the integration, the benefits of the same flow to the P&L 
in terms of the incremental margins? I think it will be the forward integration 
that we have done with our yarn, which we have. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes, you are absolutely right. In fact, the company is now from fibre to fabric. 
We have our own recycled fibre. We have our own spinning capacity in almost 
all sorts of yarns. And then we have fabric, which is denim fabric and knitted 
fabric. Now with this expansion, we will be adding our knitted fabric capacity 
from 700 to 900. So, this 200 additional metric tons per month is the capacity 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 9 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
that we are adding, but that is not the real advantage or the aim of this 
investment. The real advantage and aim of this investment is to adding 
printing as one of the products. As of today, we are doing around 700 metric 
tons of capacity for knitting, but not have even 1 kg of printing capacity we 
have. So, our product basket is more or less skewed towards nonprinted. 
And there is equally good demand for printed fabric today. So, with this 
investment, we will broaden our product mix and give more options for the 
customer and complete our package for any customer who wants to buy 
knitted fabric. So, we expect this to add. At this point in time, because of 
U.S. tariffs, a lot of challenges there, both for knitted and woven garments. 
So, that challenge is there. But this investment has been done for the long 
term and we expect that by the time we are able to make this investment 
functional, this challenge will be taken care of. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. As you mentioned about the printing part of it, so that has to be the 
entire amount is ₹92 crores or for the printing, we are spending something, 
we are putting further CAPEX? You mentioned about printing as a new 
category. That means that used to be the job work we used to do earlier. 
Through job work, we used to do the printing part. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, job work on printing is not something which is functionally possible in the 
longer run because quality is something that major customers look for. And 
the quality of printing from organized players like RSWM and from the job 
work, which we get from the open market, you can never be sure about the 
quality. So, considering that, we have decided to go for our own investment, 
and the second major impact is the lead time. When you go for job work, 
your lead times are never comparable to those of people who have printing 
with them. So, these are the 2 major things which force us to consider putting 
printing in-house. Now this ₹92 crore is a combination of debottlenecking, 
modernization and printing. So, we will not say this entire process is printing; 
we are adding 200 metric tons of additional capacity and we are also 
modernizing a few of our machines. So, this is a combination of all. But 120 
metric tons out of the additional capacity would be a printed fabric. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And everything will be margin accretive for us. All these steps will lead 
to an improvement in the margin. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yes, that's what we believe. That's why we are investing. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And sir, also, our CFO, sir, was mentioning the finance cost; the 
trend has been lower. Now, QoQ, there is a trend is from ₹33.6 crore, a 10% 
impact revision. So, how should this line item be shaping up for the next 
half? And if you could just provide us with what steps we are taking to lower 
its impact going ahead, as a percentage of sales or on an absolute number? 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 10 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, thank you very much. Nitin probably was mentioning about the last 
quarter and next quarter also; we are making a plan. I will request Nitin to 
explain the steps we are taking. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
So, Saket, what we are trying to do is, we are trying to negotiate with the 
bankers to reset our interest rate, which is ongoing for the outstanding term 
loans. This is one step we are taking. Second, what we are doing we are 
trying to focus more on the vendor financing. Let's say, the regular raw 
material payments, which we are doing it for the regular purchases for our 
domestic vendors, those bill discounting give us lower finance costs in 
comparison to what banks are offering. So, we are trying to take benefit of 
the interest arbitrage plus another step, which we are planning is the 
domestic factoring for some of our receivables and because that also comes 
at a cheaper price when compared to the cost of taking the funds from banks. 
Plus, fourth, what we are doing is effective working capital management so 
that the funds are turning around at a quicker pace, which ultimately leads 
to the lower interest costs. So, I believe I have been able to explain to you. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navneet from Navneet 
Bhaiya. Please go ahead.  
Navneet: 
I had a few questions. In this quarter, we did not see too much of an impact 
on your sales because of the tariffs announced by the United States. So, are 
we expecting to see some impact in quarter 3 because of the tariffs? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Navneet, first of all, thank you very much for appreciating the lesser impact 
of the tariff. So, tariffs have actually impacted our different businesses 
differently. The biggest impact has happened on our knit business, followed 
by the mélange business and then the yarn business, especially the cotton 
yarn business has a mixed impact of removal of import duty and of tariff. So, 
most of my customers for knitted fabric are going through a very, very tough 
time. So, they are renegotiating the orders with the U.S. customers. As you 
understand, many knit consumers in India are selling garments to the U.S., 
and U.S. customers have asked for strong discounts. So, that has impacted. 
RSWM's utilization of the knit business is impacted during this period, and a 
similar thing has happened in mélange because many mélange customers 
are knitters and garmenters for the U.S., and the impact on that is there.  
Now we had certain orders for the months of July and August, and we got an 
impact in the month of September. So, this quarter has seen an impact 
accordingly. October has been equally challenging for both these businesses, 
and November will have some improvement, may or may not be as on today, 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 11 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
we can say, but quarter 3 is also equally impacted in these 2 businesses. But 
RSWM has 6 business segments. So, these 3 are the ones impacted. The 
other 3 are comparatively less impacted. So, that impact we are expecting 
to be limited in the third quarter. So, the entire management is working 
towards ensuring that we are able to clock a similar kind of sales, and the 
impact is not significant in Q3 as well. 
Navneet: 
Understood. If I may ask, what utilizations are we running at right now in 
our yarn business and the fabric business? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Yarn would be in the mid-90s. So, that is not a challenge. We are maintaining 
the same level of utilization for the synthetic and cotton business. Some 
impact is there in mélange, that also to the extent of 5%. Denim and knit 
are having some impact, denim being very less, but not in utilization, more 
in realization. So, knit, there will be a utilization gap of around 8% to 10% 
at this point of time. 
Navneet: 
Understood. My second question is on the cotton impact that you were 
explaining. Is it possible to quantify the impact that we've had on our margins 
in Quarter 2 because of the import duty reduction? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
You cannot really say it is import duty reduction or it is a U.S. tariff. But 
overall, the price reduction of cotton yarn has been to the tune of ₹8 to ₹10 
for domestic and from 10 to 15 cents in exports. So, that impact is there. 
But it is a combined impact of 2-3 things: the global availability of cotton, 
import duty removal and the U.S. tariff thing. 
Navneet: 
Okay. I understand. But is it possible to quantify in absolute value what our 
EBITDA would had been if this were not there? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
I wish I could have estimated, but it is not because it could have been reverse 
if the U.S. tariff or import duty did not have happened. I am sure the yarn 
prices must have improved northward at least by ₹5 to ₹7. So, you cannot 
really calculating that. 
Navneet: 
Okay. No worries. I understand that. And my last suggestion or observation 
is, I believe you had conducted a plant visit for your investors 2 years back. 
Do you plan to do something similar in the near future? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thanks for the suggestion, I would say. We have not planned yet. But taking 
a clue from this thing next year, maybe we can plan for something in the 
year '26-'27. So, Surenderji, please take note of this suggestion of Navneetji, 
and probably we will plan. 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 12 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Thomas, an Individual 
investor. Please proceed. 
Thomas: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. Things are looking really good, and you 
are really turning things around over there. I will just have 2, 3 questions. 
First, you made some progress with regards to CAPEX compared to the older 
machines; you've done a lot more CAPEX. So, can you maybe give me a little 
bit of an understanding on how things are in terms of utilization? How much 
is the throughput per shift? And how much more CAPEX is spending to be 
done to replace older machines? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, first of all, thank you, Thomas Ji, for endorsing our results and the 
confidence you have shown in the management. Now I agree with you, the 
CAPEX have been checked or controlled in the last 2, 3 quarters. If you recall, 
the first call we had in December and where I said that we have strong control 
on CAPEX because of the cash flow challenges. So, CAPEX have been under 
sheer control, and we are not aggressively going for CAPEX because we want 
to maintain positive cash flow, first improve on the performance and then go 
for modernization CAPEX. Just to share with you the figure for modernization 
CAPEX for the year '25-'26, we have approved a budget of ₹55 crores. And 
there is a strong need to modernize many of our assets, which we'll be doing 
over the period of time. 
Thomas: 
Okay. And I may have missed out on the beginning of the call. After this 
knitting expansion, do you have a target for how much knitting will be after 
the expansion? Or is there any long-term plan for what the mix will be? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, after this expansion from 700 tons to the current capacity of knitting, we 
will move to 900 tons of capacity. And out of these 900 tons, 120 metric tons 
would be printed, and the balance would be nonprinted for the way we are 
doing right now. 
Thomas: 
Okay. And earlier, there was a press release about the Jammu project not 
going ahead. Can you explain what happened there? What were the reasons? 
And what is your plan? Are you looking at something else? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, Thomas, I was expecting this question, and I was wondering why it has 
not been asked so far. The Jammu project was one of the prestigious projects 
LNJ Group wanted to do. And as you know, this project was triggered with 
the special scheme of the central government and state government by 
giving certain advantages. So, RSWM is one of the first movers for taking a 
position there, and we had applied for a project. Now, two – three 
developments have happened. Number one, this subsidy approval by the 
state government was taking a lot of time, and we had not got go-ahead till 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 13 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
the time we decided to withdraw this. The second is with the GST 
rationalization optimization, so most of the projects which we were working 
on there, the category and implementation of GST is reduced to 5%, which 
was earlier 12% and 18%. So, the project viability numbers went for a toss. 
And this overall project was not coming into our payback or financial viability 
schemes. So, these 2 things, along with being entirely different geopolitical 
positions in J&K, management decided not to take this step at this point in 
time. And for liquidating those funds, we decided to request the J&K 
government for liquidating these. And then thereby, we are utilizing these 
funds by going with one of our subsidiaries, which is LNJ Greenpet. So, there 
we will be going for the new projects. 
Thomas: 
Okay. And my last question, how many new clients have you onboarded this 
quarter? And how are the discussions going with new clients? Can you give 
me an update on that? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
So, clients, we are always working on with the new clients, new markets, 
and new products are the 3 major drives we are doing. So, at this moment, 
there is a different position in different businesses. In the knit business and 
mélange business, even retaining the existing customers is a big challenge 
because of the less orders we have. So, focus has been on the new products 
which are offered to the customer and working on the new customers. And 
we have started exploring other countries than the U.S. for exports, both for 
knit, denim and mélange, whereas domestically, for our synthetic yarn 
business and other businesses, we are working more on the strategic 
relationship where we have long-term tie-ups with the customers and we 
make a dedicated product for them. 
So, as such, not clear a number of new customer acquisitions. We have more 
focus on customer retention and growing long-term relationships with the 
customers, rather than keep on acquiring new customers and not being able 
to serve and take control of that. But your point is very important. Customers 
are the people who are giving us revenue, and they need to always be taken 
care of. 
Thomas: 
Yes. And in the U.K. I heard about the U.S., and I heard about India, but 
what about the U.K., because you have the advantage now. So, how is the 
discussion going with the U.K.? 
Rajeev Gupta: 
That FTA is still under implementation. We actually do not have the 
implementation; a lot of developments have been happening. A lot of 
discussions are happening. Our team has visited the U.K. We have started 
taking discussion on all possible customers in the U.K., and this is still under 
process. 

Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
                                
 
  Page 14 of 14 
 
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 / Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Dist. Bhilwara, Rajasthan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Rajeev Gupta: 
Thank you very much. I will request Nitin to share the closing comments. 
Nitin Tulyani: 
In closing, I extend my sincere gratitude to our employees, stakeholders and 
partners for their unwavering support. With collective effort and a shared 
vision, we are well-positioned to drive innovation, strengthen our market 
presence and deliver sustainable value. The road ahead holds great promise, 
and we are confident in our ability to grow and succeed in the years to come. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of RSWM Limited, that conclude this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you, team, 
have a great day ahead. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes.) 
Registered Office: Kharigram, P.B. No.28, P.O. Gulabpura- 311 021, Distt. Bhilwara Rajasthan  
Website: https://www.rswm.in  
CIN: L17115RJ1960PLC008216 
