 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                       
 
 
 
Registered Oﬃce: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 | E: corp.comm@bseindia.com 
www.bseindia.com | Corporate Identity Number : L67120MH2005PLC155188 
 
 
 
BSE - PUBLIC 
November 17, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Symbol: BSE   
 
 
 
 
 
                          ISIN: INE118H01025 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on November 11, 2025 
 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
 
With reference to our letter dated November 4, 2025, intimating about the results conference 
call with Analysts/Investors held on November 11, 2025, please find attached transcript of the 
aforesaid conference call. 
 
This intimation will also be available on the website of the Company: www.bseindia.com 
 
This is for your information & record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vishal Bhat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS- 41136 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
Vishal 
Kamalak
sha Bhat
Digitally signed 
by Vishal 
Kamalaksha Bhat 
Date: 2025.11.17 
12:52:21 +05'30'

 
BSE LIMITED 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
BSE LIMITED 
25th Floor, P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  

 
1 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the BSE Limited Q2 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman, Head of Investor Relations at BSE. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Anand Sethuraman: 
 
Good evening, everyone and thank you, Dominic. Thank you all for participating in the Q2 FY’26 Earnings 
Call for BSE. 
My name is Anand Sethuraman and I will be the host for the call. Today we are joined by the BSE’s 
leadership team consisting of Mr. Sundararaman Ramamurthy – Managing Director and CEO, Mr. 
Deepak Goel – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sunil Ramrakhiani – Chief Business Officer, Mr. Viral Davda 
– Chief Information Officer, Mr. Ramesh Gurram – CISO, Smt. Radha Kirthivasan – Head of Listing and 
SME. We are also joined by MD and CEO of our subsidiary companies – Smt. Vaisshali Babu – MD and 
CEO of ICCL and Mr. Ashutosh Singh – MD and CEO of BSE Index Services. Also present here today are 
members of our Business – Finance and the Investor Relations team. 
The results for the quarter ended 30th September 2025 have been announced and the data pack 
consisting of financials and the investor presentation is available on the BSE website. We will begin 
today’s call with remarks from the BSE’s MD and CEO on the financial and business performance. 
During this time all participant lines will be on mute and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after these remarks. 
Some of the statements made today may be forward looking in nature and are subject to risks and 
uncertainties. The Company does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. 
With these remarks I would now like to invite the BSE MD and CEO, Mr. Sundararaman Ramamurthy to 
share his views. Thank you and over to you sir. 

 
2 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thank you, Anand. Good evening, everybody and a warm welcome to all our esteemed stakeholders for 
joining the call today to discuss Q2 FY2026 Earnings. 
India’s economic progress continues to gain momentum with our Q2 FY’26 reflecting resilient growth 
despite global headwinds. The finance ministry’s latest review highlights robust demand across both 
rural and urban sectors even in the face of elevated US tariffs. This resilience is underpinned by 
structural reforms such as GST rationalization and strong domestic fundamentals. The Reserve Bank of 
India’s decision to maintain the repo rate unchanged further reinforces macroeconomic stability 
supporting consumption and investment while keeping inflation well anchored. 
Foreign institutional investors have been on a selling spree this year while Q1 FY’26 saw a brief respite 
with FII’s turning net buyers. The trend reversed sharply in Q2 when the offloaded stocks worth Rs. 1.29 
lakh crores. So far in this calendar year, FII’s have sold nearly Rs. 2.5 lakh crores compared to Rs. 3 lakh 
crores in the entire previous year. However, domestic institutional investors have consistently 
demonstrated confidence acting as a strong counterbalance by being net buyers every month in 2025 
and infusing over Rs. 6.3 lakh crores into the market thereby cushioning volatility and reinforcing 
stability. Amidst global uncertainties and FII selling pressure, one of the most encouraging trends has 
been the unwavering confidence of retail investors. SIP inflows through mutual funds reached an all-
time high of Rs. 29,529 crores in October 2025, while equity mutual fund inflows for October 2025 stood 
at Rs. 24,691 crores. This sustained participation underscores the strength of India’s capital markets 
and the trust investors place in our economy. 
Despite the ongoing macroeconomic volatility and dynamic geopolitical landscape, our unwavering 
commitment to fostering innovation, dynamism and resilience has significantly bolstered the 
competitiveness and allure of our markets. During the first six months, we continued our efforts to 
review our listing policies to ensure they remain fit for purpose as our markets evolve, expand our 
product range and widen the scope of our offerings across the spectrum. 
With this backdrop, I am happy to inform you that BSE has once again achieved a record quarterly 
revenue for the 10th consecutive quarter posting its highest-ever topline of Rs. 1,139 crores. This 
surpasses the previous record of Rs. 1,045 crores set last quarter, up 40% year-on-year, underscoring 
the strength of our strategy, our commitment to creating investment opportunities for stakeholders in 

 
3 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
India and globally, and our focus on delivering differentiated services that drive sustainable growth. The 
strong revenue growth was driven by transaction-related income, mainly from derivatives, listing-
related income, which was supported by record fund raising activity in Q2, and co-location services, 
which continued to develop rapidly. 
Building on our strong foundation, BSE continued to capture momentum, resulting in record results for 
the quarter and for the first six months of FY2025-2026. At the end of Q2, we maintained our position 
as one of the leading venues for equity listings with a solid pipeline spanning the technology and other 
exciting sectors, whilst averaged daily volumes across our cash market, derivatives market, and Mutual 
Fund Distribution platforms remained very robust. Meanwhile, steps taken by our subsidiary companies 
further enhanced the vibrancy of our offerings. 
Let me now highlight a few of the many milestones in Q2 FY2026: 
BSE’s SME platform continues to grow steadily, reinforcing its role in empowering India’s 
entrepreneurial landscape. After crossing the landmark of 600 SME listings in July 2025, the momentum 
has remained strong. As of October 2025, the platform hosts 657 listed companies which have 
collectively raised over Rs. 13,083 crores since launch. Notably, October 2025 was a record month with 
27 companies listed, raising a total of Rs. 1,056 crores. This growth depicts the increasing confidence 
of the investors on the SMEs raising capital on this platform. 
Beyond capital raising, the money raised through the capital market has got channelized into a 
productive environment in the Indian economy with the highest standards of infrastructure 
development, global servicing, and employment generation. SME entrepreneurs can use this facility to 
achieve next level of growth, helping achieve the dream of Viksit Bharat. BSE’s index business continues 
to grow at a rapid pace, fuelled by strong client adoption and product innovation.  
As of September 2025, passive products tracking our indices have accumulated Rs. 2.54 lakh crores in 
asset under management. We are actively expanding our customer base by catering to insurance 
companies, market-linked debenture issuers, and foreign clients, further strengthening our reach across 
domestic and global markets. The total number of investor accounts registered with BSE crossed 23 
crores in Q2 FY2026, with 10 states registering more than 1 crore investors, a sign of deepening retail 
participation across regions. 

 
4 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Empowering investors through education and awareness is of paramount importance to BSE. In the Q2 
FY2026, BSE IPF undertook around 4,096 investor awareness programs to promote financial literacy 
and bring about awareness in the securities market for their financial well-being and protect the 
interests of investors. BSE India has joined hands with market regulator SEBI in its campaign against 
financial frauds to protect investors. Through hashtag #SEBIvsScam, we aim to empower every investor 
with the right knowledge and tools to make informed decisions, avoid digital traps, and invest securely. 
Through our social media channels, BSE also continues to issue multiple investor advisories, 
emphasizing the importance of avoiding schemes that claim assured or guaranteed returns. 
I will now share some of the key financial numbers on a consolidated basis for the quarter-ended 
September 30, 2025, as compared to the corresponding quarter previous year: 
BSE’s operational revenues have grown by 44% to Rs. 1,068 crores from Rs. 740 crores. Transaction 
charges, which include equity cash, equity derivatives, mutual fund and clearing house income has 
increased by 57% to Rs. 794 crores from Rs. 507 crores. Treasury income from clearing and settlement 
funds has decreased by 32% to Rs. 42 crores from Rs. 63 crores. Other operating income, which 
includes enhanced data dissemination fees, co-location, index services, etc. has increased by 82% to 
Rs. 93 crores from Rs. 51 crores. Income from investments stands at Rs. 65 crores similar to last year. 
Operating expenses increased by just 7% to Rs. 410 crores from Rs. 381 crores. It may be noted that 
51% of the total operating expenses are attributable to regulatory fees and clearing and settlement 
expenses all of which is directly correlated to increasing transaction volumes. The operating EBITDA 
including contribution to core SGF has increased to Rs. 680 crores as compared to Rs. 388 crores with 
margins expanding to 64% from 52%. The net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company stands 
at Rs. 558 crores up from Rs. 346 crores a growth of 61%. 
I would also like to highlight that the SGF contributions made this quarter is because of a BSE introduced 
policy to contribute 5% of transaction-related revenue to the core SGF on a monthly basis with a cap to 
ensure financial prudence while maintaining adequate risk coverage. As SGF contributions are a result 
of market activity which may or may not align with the revenue, BSE has decided to make voluntary core 
SGF contributions in line with the revenue as long as overall SGF is not exceeding 150% of the minimum 
requirement. 
As of October 2025, BSE’s core SGF stood at Rs. 1,159 crores with an additional Rs. 10.6 crores 
contributed during the quarter which is due to the new policy. I would now like to share updates 

 
5 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
pertaining to business. For specific numbers pertaining to turnover, kindly refer to the BSE website and 
the investor presentation. As highlighted earlier, despite a challenging global economic and geopolitical 
environment, BSE has maintained its position as one of the world’s leading capital-raising platforms. 
With positive sentiment returning to the IPO market, we have strengthened capital formation and 
showcased robust market fundamentals. This has laid a strong foundation for stability and growth while 
diversifying the investor base and enhancing overall market liquidity. BSE platforms continue to remain 
the preferred choice by Indian companies to raise capital by enabling issuers to raise Rs. 15.91 lakh 
crores in FY’26 by means of equity, debt, bonds, commercial papers, mutual funds etc. In Q2 FY’26, 
BSE welcomed 97 new equity listings across both the main and SME boards, raising a total of Rs. 53,548 
crores. The IPO market continued to remain exceptionally vibrant in October 2025 as well, with 45 
companies collectively raising Rs. 41,856 crores and is expected to stay strong driven by robust 
economic growth and sustained investor confidence. 
The notable growth in the IPO pipeline since the start of 2025 has demonstrated the continued vibrancy 
of India’s IPO market, reinforcing BSE as a listing venue of choice for issuers seeking to raise funds in 
both main board and SME markets. 
On the listing compliance front, we continue to focus on promoting high standards of governance and 
disclosure practices among listed issuers while ensuring the competitiveness and resilience of our 
listing framework. 
Moving on to our Trading segment: 
It continues to maintain strong momentum and is supported by healthy volumes and increased client 
participation across key business lines. Cash market trading volumes remained at long-term normalized 
levels of Rs. 7,968 crores in Q2 FY’26 against Rs. 9,768 crores in the same period last year. We are 
pleased to share that the common contract note was successfully implemented in India effective 27th 
June 2025, addressing a long-standing request from BSE and marking a significant market reform. The 
initiative enables institutional investors to enjoy a seamless trading experience across venues. BSE has 
engaged stakeholders to adopt smart order routing for multi-venue trading, lowering costs and 
improving execution. Early signs are positive with so far, share of BSE volumes rising among both DIIs 
and FIIs.  

 
6 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
The BSE index derivative segment sustained its growth trajectory in the quarter with average daily 
premium turnover of over Rs. 15,000 crores. In the coming year, we will continue to move ahead with 
our efforts to increase market participation, product development and adoption of longer-dated 
contracts as well as investments in data centres and enhanced connectivity operations. In our last 
quarterly earnings call, I had highlighted co-location as a key strategic initiative for diversifying revenue 
streams. During the quarter under review, revenue from co-location rose to Rs. 46 crores compared to 
Rs. 27 crores in the previous quarter. This increase was primarily driven by the revision in throttled 
charges i.e. messages per second effective from July 1. 
Moving on to our Mutual Fund Distribution business: 
BSE StAR MF delivered yet another quarter of record revenues and performance up 18% year-on-year 
to reach Rs. 69.7 crores. The total number of transactions processed by BSE StAR MF grew by 24% to 
reach 20.1 crore transactions in Q2 FY’26 from 16.2 crores in the previous year. The platform also 
processed a new high of 7.13 crore transactions in October 2025. BSE also remained committed to 
strengthening the SME and Social Stock Exchange platform by fostering an enabling ecosystem for 
entrepreneurship and social impact fundraising. 
Moving on to our subsidiary business now: 
BSE Clearing House, India Clearing Corporation Limited, ICCL, delivered strong growth in the first half 
of FY2026 between April 2025 to September 2025, with monthly equity settled turnover tripling to Rs. 
2.91 lakh crores and equity derivatives premium turnover nearly doubling to Rs. 4.31 lakh crores while 
number of equity derivatives contracts settled surged six-fold to 126 crores. This was enabled by major 
tech upgrades including re-engineering of our real-time risk management system and scaling trades per 
second per member per client from 3,000 to 27,000. BSE Index Services, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
BSE, offers a comprehensive portfolio of 180-plus indices spanning broad-based thematic, factor and 
strategic equity categories serving over 300 marquee clients both domestically and globally. 
As of September 2025, passive products tracking our indices have surpassed Rs. 2.5 lakh crores in AUM 
with 72 passive schemes benchmarked to our indices. Since the acquisition of 50% stake from SPDJI, 
the company has launched 32 new indices in just 16 months, significantly accelerating innovation. 
Additionally, the Company has obtained RBI approval for two debt indices, expanding our product suite 
beyond equities. 

 
7 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
The BSE Group directly or by our subsidiaries also has its presence in other related businesses including 
India INX, Hindustan Power Exchange, HPX, BSE E-Agricultural Markets, BEAM, Spot Platform for 
Trading in Commodities. BSE is committed to these new areas and is constantly working with partners 
for the growth of these businesses. While the road ahead may not be without challenges, our resilience 
and commitment to innovation give us confidence in capturing significant opportunities and driving the 
next chapter of growth. 
We are encouraged by the strong IPO pipeline, steady retail participation and growing adoption of our 
trading and clearing services. These trends position us well for the year ahead. Our strategy remains 
customer-centric, focused on expanding markets and products while maintaining the highest standards 
of governance, operational simplicity and resilience. 
Thank you for your continued trust and support. With these updates, I now hand over the call back to 
Anand. 
Anand Sethuraman: 
Thank you so much sir for all these updates. We can now open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes 
from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just one question, we have 
seen the market share increase in the option derivative segment. What also we have seen is that the 
competition reducing lot sizes and they’ve also introduced same-day expiries in the GIFT city? So, are 
we going to follow the suit? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thank you, Mohit, for your kind words and congratulating us and for this question. BSE has always been 
following the principle of looking at the voice of customers and then going ahead and implementing 
changes. The questions which you have raised about whether we will be making any changes to the 

 
8 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
product suit as far as Indian weekly derivatives are concerned, we will be consulting the market and 
based on whatever the market feedback is, then subject to the large size rules stipulated by SEBI, we 
will be doing from time to time whatever changes are required. As far as 0-DTE in GIFT City is concerned, 
for us, we are working towards creating deeper liquidity in the existing weekly Sensex futures contract 
at GIFT City. So, at the right point of time, with the right support from market participants, we will 
consider bringing in more features and more products. 
Mohit Mangal: 
All right. This is helpful. Thanks and wish you all the best 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a very strong set of numbers. My first question is, 
obviously, on the market share gain that we have seen and oppose the change in expiry. So, what is 
driving this? Because we have seen market share gains in almost all days from expiry (E) to expiry minus 
4 (E-4). So, any number that you can give us in terms of what is driving this and what exactly can be the 
number. And also, we have seen the rise in the premium to notional was there till September, post that 
the rise in the notional has been higher. So, that has impacted our margins as well. So, your views on 
that and where we are in the journey of increasing the institutional participation or changing the mix in 
terms of the index options where we wanted to see a rise in terms of the monthly volumes. Thank you. 
 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thank you so much, Amitji, for this question. There are three questions packed into one question. So, in 
case I miss answering any one of them, you may have to remind me. If I recap the question, the first part 
is on the market share increase and related to that is the institutional participation in options. And the 
second question was with regard to what is the notional rise vs the premium, that question was there. 
So, let me answer all the three of them. As far as the market share part of it, as you would recall, BSE 

 
9 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
stand has always been in a lighter vein, we always say that our market share is 100% because our 
product is unique. Notwithstanding that, we have never been tracking the market share part of it with 
regard to the derivative. Our intention and our work continues to be in deepening and broadening of 
markets. We have been taking multiple steps in including more number of participants, more number of 
members, and more FPIs. Our journey there continues. Whatever were the goals that we placed in front 
of us for the timelines, we are in line with our expectations and we are progressing. We are planning to 
add more institutional participants there. As you rightly pointed out in your third question, efforts are on 
for us to bring in more institutional participants who can help in building even more the growth trend that 
we are seeing with regard to the other than current week options, monthly options, etc., and also 
increase the liquidity in respect of index futures. At this point of time, it’s an ongoing effort for us and we 
are very confident while it is slow, it is steady, and therefore it is moving in a positive mode. With regard 
to the margins of premium versus notional, as you would appreciate, the receipt of premium by us, the 
revenue for us comes from the premium, whereas the regulatory charges are based on Notional 
turnover. The premium that is received is a function of multiple things, including volatility. The volatility 
behaviour is based on both internal and external events. As you would appreciate, the internal events in 
the first quarter made the volatility to show higher tones, while the events of the second quarter made 
the volatility subdued, making the premium realization per contract different from what it was for the 
first quarter and thus compressing the margins. These events, being uncontrollable and unpredictable, 
no future trend in this regard could be predicted by us. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bhavya Sanghvi from Alchemy Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhavya Sanghvi: 
Congratulations on a great performance. Sir, my question is on the change in voluntary contribution to 
the core SGF. So you said that 5% of the transaction revenue would be transferred to core SGF. One 
question was that, what is the target? Is it 150% of minimum requirement? Have I heard it right? Correct 
me if I am wrong. Thank you. 

 
10 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
S. Ramamurthy: 
Sanghvi ji, thank you so much for your congratulatory message. Yes, indeed, you heard it right. Leave 
alone the percentage, I will just explain the principles so that the percentages will become more 
sensible. As you know, it is very difficult to predict the behaviour of core SGF requirement as the 
parameters involved in the computation of SGF is more complex and it is not a simple direct relationship 
with any single factor. This, in the past as we have seen, has been leading to a lot of sudden spurts in the 
requirement of core SGF and therefore having sudden impact on the quarterly earnings. In order to 
smoothen it and as a matter of financial prudence, what we thought was some minimum amount on a 
quarterly basis out of our revenue should be contributed to the SGF. So, that is where the 5% comes in. 
And when we start contributing, if over a period of time we have over-contributed and the trend in SGF’s 
requirement has not kept in line with the simulated model what we have followed to predict a probable 
requirement, then we will be contributing SGF without any actual need. So, to put a cap, the 150% 
requirement has been put in place. If more than 150% of the requirement, if we have touched the 150% 
requirement, we wanted to halt this voluntary contribution till such time when the amount contributed 
by us is actually consumed by the requirement and further fresh requirements remaining. Basically, in 
simple English, it is to ensure that no single quarter suddenly has jerks in the earning because of new 
emergence of additional requirement of core SGF to be contributed by BSE. 
Bhavya Sanghvi: 
Understood, sir. Sir, just one follow-up on this since you have disclosed some data on clearing 
corporation of BSE. So, just wanted to update where we have reached on the decoupling of the charges, 
Clearing charges? Thank you. That is all from me 
S. Ramamurthy: 
I am not sure whether I am understanding the question of decoupling of charges what you mean. If you 
mean that we should unbundle the charges, unbundling of charges at this point of time is under the 
regulatory ambit because the original charges that are being paid come under the regulatory ambit of the 
agreement between clearing corporation under the oversight of the regulators. So, unless and until that 
regulatory clarity emerges by way of the normally used co-creative consultative process, unilaterally, 
we will not be able to unbundle. So, once that happens, unbundling will happen. 
Bhavya Sanghvi: 

 
11 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Understood, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Just wanting to get a better understanding of the SGF 
contribution that we are going to do. So, this 5% of transaction charges, this is going to be BSE’s 
contribution, right, sir? ICCL’s contribution can be in addition to that. So, in our consolidated numbers, 
the actual sort of contribution to SGF can be larger than 5% of transaction charges. Is my understanding 
correct on this? Second, you mentioned 150% of, again, sort of the minimum requirement right now. So, 
I wanted to understand what is the current minimum requirement and how far are we from that 150% 
also to get a sense of, you know, where could we, I know that this is a moving goalpost. So, maybe a 
disclosure every quarter on this would also be helpful. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Ladha ji, first of all, thanks for congratulating us and thanks for your participation and question. Yes, you 
are right. What we are talking about 5% of transaction revenue is from the BSE side. Will ICCL be 
contributing on its own to the core SGF? Yes. ICCL’s revenue is not transaction revenue. So, we should 
not take ICCL contribution, add it to BSE’s contribution and put the denominator as transaction revenue 
and say the contribution is more than 5% of transaction revenue. ICCL, from its revenue, as should be 
required, will be contributing for the core SGF. You are understanding that BSE, on its own, from its 5% 
of transaction revenue, contributing the core SGF is an absolute correct number. 150% is not any 
regulatory stipulation. As I said, this is for us to halt and look how much more we should go ahead and 
when we should stop. If on a regular basis, every quarter we start contributing, this is based on a 
simulated model that we thought this is what is required. If the core SGF requirement is not growing in 
line with what we projected, because the computation of core SGF and dependence of it is on multiple 
parameters, which are not unilaterally correlated, so the expectation and actual may be different. If it is 
different and if we are building it, at what point of time we should halt and not further contribute till the 
utilization actually happens. That is the 150% number. 
Madhukar Ladha: 

 
12 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Yes, I understood that. But I wanted to just know that what is the gap that we need to bridge as of now? 
And I just have a follow-up question on this. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Ladha ji, let me answer the first question. Otherwise, I will forget. There is no gap to bridge. We are 
contributing on our own. There is no shortage now. We are contributing. We will continue to contribute 
till we reach 150%. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So I meant what is the gap to 150% as of now? 
Anand Sethuraman: 
Madhukar, we don’t disclose these numbers publicly. Like I said, it is an internal calculation, which we 
do on a monthly basis. So, if X is, say, the minimum corpus, we see up to 150% of that X, and accordingly 
we decide to contribute or not. These numbers are not publicly discussed on our website or on the 
website of our clearing corporation. So, this is purely from an internal perspective, which we will not be 
able to disclose it publicly. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. Thanks, Anand. 
Anand Sethuraman: 
Madhukar, we can take any other question offline. There are several other questions, people in the 
queue now.. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Just one thing, if I may squeeze in. If you can clarify on what is ICCL’s policy also on SGF, if there is a 
policy as such? 
S. Ramamurthy: 

 
13 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
See, we will discuss ICCL’s policy separately in a call offline, because this call being BSE, since there 
are many other people waiting to ask for BSE-related questions, we should do it. And you have asked 
already four questions. Since it was only one question quota, we will take it offline and we will explain 
to you. Let us now give opportunity for the people who are waiting to ask on BSE performance, and then 
we will come to you. Is that okay?. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Leekha from Neste Wealth LLP. Please 
go ahead 
Abhishek Kumar Leekha  
Thank you for the opportunity. And congratulations to the team for a great set of numbers. I would like 
to get an understanding on the BSE EbiX model, the kind of star platform that we have capitalized upon. 
The same we have not been able to capitalize upon the BSE EbiX Insurance Platform. I would like to have 
understanding on that. How we can capitalize or probably how we can take our stakes up, which can 
ensure that we have substantial skin in the game?. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Leekha ji, thanks for asking, thanks for participation and thanks for your congratulatory message. Yes, 
indeed you are right. The StAR MF platform has seen a better success compared to the EbiX. EbiX has 
not taken off and I think if we look at the entire country, the mutual fund performance levels are very 
different as compared to the insurance scheme’s performance levels. There are a host of factors. Some 
of them are controllable, some of them are not controllable, some of them are macro in nature. The 
point that you made that there has to be an effort or there has to be a rethinking in respect of what would 
be the role for us as effectively as it could be, should be made. And we will be making such thought 
process because it is the right time given the success of mutual fund, that’s not what we see as 
replicated in respect of EbiX. Of course, the rules are different, the regulators are different, the needs 

 
14 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
are different. Nevertheless, we will be getting into a deep thought process to see what is that that can 
come out of EbiX and what should be the future course of action for us. 
Abhishek Kumar Leekha: 
Yes, thank you. Because what I feel is like there is a great set of opportunity. It only needs a rethink and 
a reassess. And so we look forward to your steps in the future. Thank you so much. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gurpreet Sahi: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. And congratulations on a great set of numbers. My first question is a 
clarification question. Could you again highlight how much is the co-location revenues that you have 
booked in Q2? And in which line item have you booked this. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
See, all the racks that we have already generated, we have allocated. How much the members are using, 
what percentage utilization, we wouldn’t know. It will be the question of what we create and what is 
taken. We are expecting another 70 to 90 racks to come within the close of this financial year and which 
also will be allocated by us. Once it is done, we will have around 500 racks, which is a mix of both 6 KVA 
and 15 KVA racks. Since 15 KVA racks are 2.5 times the capacity of the 6 KVA racks, from a 6 KVA 
equivalent, roughly you can say it will be equivalent to some 650 to 700 racks. But the actual number of 
racks will be around 500. 
Devesh Agarwal: 

 
15 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Right, sir. And sir, one last one, your share in the clearing and settlement has kind of increased. So, could 
you share what was the external revenues that we have booked from clearing and settlement? And is 
this SGF contribution that we have started from this quarter onwards, is in lieu of this increasing share 
in the clearing and settlement? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
So, let me take you a bit back. If you recall, when I joined BSE, the clearing capacity for BSE’s clearing 
corporation was just 50 trades per second per broker. Technologically, the clearing corporation was 
sound enough to take multiple members, particularly big members. We have been consistently working 
on it. By the start of this financial by April, it was around 3,000 trades per second per broker was the 
capacity that we had reached. From there, we went ahead with the system upgradation. We took it up 
to around 27,000 trades per second per broker per client, which if you benchmark, is much ahead of 
what one of the largest trading members in this country could be generating as trades per second for 
one person. So, clearly this has led to some of the major brokers considering ICCL as their clearing 
corporation and that shift has taken us to the higher market share. The clearing charges income of ICCL 
is around Rs. 32 crores this quarter and on an ongoing basis, we have to wait and watch because all 
these implementations and all these new members are happening one behind the other. The full impact 
of it will be realized in the coming quarters. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
And the SGF part, sir, is it connected to this because with the higher clearing share, does the SGF 
requirement also goes up for us? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
No, as I told you, SGF competition is a sort of a complex model. It is just not based on just the volumes 
cleared and the volumes traded. It is a complex set of things based on stress test requirements as 
stipulated by SEBI. So, there is no specific increase in SGF because of which we have started 
contributing. I would like to reiterate as a sort of financial prudence in order to ensure that there is no 
sudden surprises at the end of any quarter. We are planning it properly so that on a regular basis, 
voluntarily, BSE computes some amount and puts it into SGF so that any sudden spike in SGF 
requirement arising out of multiple factors would not adversely and suddenly and surprisingly impact 
the profit numbers. 

 
16 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, sir. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Antony Joseph, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Antony Joseph: 
Sir, thanks for an excellent set of numbers again. My question is related to the capital expenditure that 
you have actually incurred in the last six months of about slightly over Rs. 300 crores. Would you be able 
to kind of give a breakdown of that? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Sir, I am not sure how these Rs. 300 crores numbers you are referring to. Any suggestion where you are 
getting it from, sir? 
Antony Joseph: 
It is from your cash flow statement. If you look into your cash flow statement, it is clear that there is 
about Rs. 305 crores. If I am not wrong, I am not in front of my system right now but I have seen this 
number. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
No problem. Let me look into it and reply. Just give me half a millisecond. I am having the cash flow in 
front of me. I am not able to see any specific Rs. 300 crore numbers, sir. 
Antony Joseph: 
The first line on your investing activities. 
S. Ramamurthy: 

 
17 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Okay, got it. You are talking about capital work in progress. 
Antony Joseph: 
All put together, yes. The effective investments that you have made. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Got it. What we mean by this capital work in progress is as you would recall, the growth in BSE in the 
last three years has been significantly larger. To cope up with it, there was a significant requirement of 
investment in multiple areas, in physical infrastructure, in trading infrastructure and technology 
infrastructure. All this infrastructure put together is what we are showing here. It has multiple facets of 
investments, including what we are spending on building, co-location, technology, servers, DR, etc. 
Antony Joseph: 
But the Rs. 300 crore number is just from the last six months, right? It is significant for a particular period. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Absolutely right. 
Antony Joseph: 
It is the kind of expenditure that we have ever seen before. It is great. You are doing excellent in terms of 
your revenue, in terms of your profits. But considering this kind of number in terms of capital expenditure 
is significant for a six-month period, it would be great if you can give a breakup of what this is. If it is 
investment into a property, that is great. I am not questioning why you are doing it. I just want to 
understand where this is going? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
I totally appreciate your point. Rs. 313 crores is not a small number. It is a big number. It is a mix of 
multiple things, including the physical and technology infrastructure. What we can do is right now in 
front of me, I don’t have the breakup. Offline, certainly we can take your call. You know the numbers to 
call or the mail to write. Please do write to us. We will give you all details because your point that Rs. 

 
18 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
313 crores is not a small number is fully taken and we will be able to provide you a breakup of whatever 
we are doing. 
Antony Joseph: 
Thank you, sir. Great going. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arpit Shah from Stanley Asset Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Arpit Shah: 
I just wanted to understand the SGF contribution this quarter was about Rs. 11 crores. How should we 
think about this 5% number? When it will start? If I see your transaction revenue is about Rs. 794 crores 
and 5% of that would be a significantly higher number. How should we think about the 5% number? How 
should we calculate that number? 
S. Ramamurthy: 
I am not sure whether you were there from the beginning of the call. If you are straight applying the 5% 
to the total revenue, this will not match with the Rs. 10 crore number because we started it from 
September only. That is why the number comes to 10%. The rational of 5% and 150% since I have 
already explained, I am not reiterating. Your mathematics is correct. If you apply on the topline, say 5%, 
it is not resulting in Rs. 10 crores. Why? We started it only from September. 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. So going ahead from every quarter till 150% is achieved? 
S. Ramamurthy: 

 
19 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Correct, sir. Absolutely, correct. Right understanding. 
Arpit Shah: 
Got it. Perfect. Thank you so much. 
S. Ramamurthy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Anand Sethuraman: 
Thank you so much. I can see there are still a significant number of questions. I would request all of them 
to reach out to us at bse.ir@bseindia.com. Thank you all for participating today. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. On behalf of BSE Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
