November 14, 2025 
To, 
 
Listing/Compliance Department 
BSE LTD. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
BSE CODE : 524208 
To, 
Listing/Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of  
India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol : AARTIIND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub.: Transcript of Q2 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of the Q2 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
held on November 7, 2025. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR AARTI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
RAJ SARRAF 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
ICSI M. NO. A15526 
Encl.: As above. 
RAJ KUMAR 
SARRAF
Digitally signed by 
RAJ KUMAR SARRAF 
Date: 2025.11.14 
16:26:35 +05'30'

 
Aarti Industries Limited  
Q2 FY '26 Post Results Conference Call 
November 07, 2025 
  
  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '26 Post 
Results Conference Call of Aarti Industries Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this call is 
being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Aarti 
Industries Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we are joined by 
senior members of the management team, including Mr. Suyog Kotecha, 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Chetan Gandhi, 
Chief Financial Officer. We will commence the call with opening remarks from 
Mr. Kotecha, followed by a Q&A session where the management will address 
queries of the participants.  
Just to share our standard disclaimer. Certain statements that may be made 
in today's call may be forward-looking in nature. A disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the results presentation, which has been shared earlier 
and also uploaded on stock exchange websites.  
I would now invite Mr. Kotecha to share his perspectives. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you.  
Good afternoon, everyone. We value your continued support for Aarti 
Industries. I will share the industry trends, key highlights and updates from 
our Q2 FY26 performance. 
The external operating environment continues to evolve amid a complex 
geopolitical backdrop led by U.S. tariffs on select Indian chemical exports. 
Despite 
these 
market 
pressures, 
we 
delivered 
sequential 
growth 

predominantly driven by proactive market diversification, smart investments 
in innovation, and disciplined project execution. We are actively using our 
integrated manufacturing and product portfolio strengths to further establish 
Aarti as the Global Partner of Choice in Speciality Chemicals. 
The tariff represents a near-term headwind for the Indian chemical sector, 
temporarily eroding competitiveness against European as well as Chinese 
suppliers to an extent.  
In response to the steep tariffs imposed by the United States, we also took 
steps to diversify and rebalance our export mix, towards Europe, the Middle 
East, and Africa, and also are recalibrating our U.S. strategy to sustain long-
term growth momentum. Over the medium term, we expect policy clarity and 
normalization of trade flows to restore a more balanced operating 
environment.  
While near-term challenges persist, long-term volume visibility remains 
healthy across most businesses. At the macro level, we continue to navigate 
a volatile but gradually improving demand environment and deliver resilient 
performances.  
Let me now move to our financial performance for the quarter: 
• 
Revenue stood at Rs. 2,250 crore, an increase of 21% Q-o-Q driven by 
improved volumes across key product categories. 
• 
EBITDA surged to Rs. 292 crore, marking a 36% quarter-on-quarter increase, 
primarily fuelled by improved capacity utilization and ongoing cost 
optimization initiatives. 
• 
As a result, Profit After Tax was Rs. 106 crore, an increase of about 150% Q-
o-Q, reflecting improved operating leverage and after factoring in the 
exceptional items that you may have seen in our published financial results. 
• 
CAPEX for the quarter was at Rs. 267 crore and is expected to be around 
Rs. 1,000 crore for the year FY26, as guided earlier, reflecting continued 
capital discipline 
Despite short-term uncertainties, we remain firmly committed to achieve our 
FY28 EBITDA aspirations and executing our strategic plan focused on cost 
optimization; volume ramp led operating leverage and monetisation of 
ongoing capex projects.  

Now, on our key product applications: 
Within our energy-linked portfolio, MMA delivered strong performance in Q2 
and achieved highest-ever quarterly volumes, driven by spill-over demand 
from Q1 as well as diversification efforts to various geographies where initial 
customer response was encouraging. US tariffs weighed on volumes and 
margins, while renegotiations are underway as a proactive measure to 
secure and sustain future demand. On Capacities front, while we have 
achieved peak utilisation of the newly expanded capacities for MMA, we are 
in the process of executing various debottlenecking initiatives which will 
support us to scale up our volumes further from Q4 FY26.  
MMA remains an important additive for blenders and refineries, primarily 
used to enhance octane ratings in gasoline blending. During the second 
quarter, favourable naphtha-to-gasoline spreads supported robust MMA 
consumption by blenders. Despite ongoing competitive pricing challenges 
from both China and domestic Indian players, our strategy focuses on market 
expansion: growing the MMA customer base and extending our geographic 
footprint, globally. 
In Agrochemicals, select products are showing promising volume recovery, 
although overall margins remain under pressure. Demand growth in the Dyes 
& Pigments segment has been muted. The Polymer business also faced a 
significant headwind in the quarter, as U.S. tariffs impacted Q2 volumes. 
Meanwhile, the domestic pharma market remains stable, providing a 
consistent base. Overall, margins for the company's high value fluoro 
products are experiencing notable challenges due to aggressive competitive 
pricing from China. The strategic focus across these verticals is on navigating 
these pressures on margins while capturing available volume growth. 
Looking ahead, a broader recovery is anticipated, contingent on external 
trade developments. The successful negotiation of a potential India-U.S. 
trade deal could be a major catalyst, as it would likely provide crucial support 
for a wide range of products. 
Overall, we believe the chemical sector will see a gradual recovery likely 
through the next couple of years as global trade flows stabilise and pricing 
dynamics improve. 
In this environment, our focus remains on de-risking the portfolio, broadening 
our product base, and strengthening our competitive position through cost 
optimisation and disciplined execution. 

Our Zone 4 expansion project continues to progress as planned, with newer 
capacities expected to come online over the next few quarters. A new 
multipurpose plant (MPP) within Zone 4 is expected to be commissioned in 
Q4 FY26, enhancing flexibility in product development. In parallel, the 
Calcium Chloride facility is expected to be commissioned in this ongoing 
quarter. 
As one of the growth projects in forward integration, we are set to 
commission a new 4,000 TPA PEDA (2-Phenyl Ethyl Diethyl Aniline) project 
in Zone 4, in Jhagadia. It will utilize raw materials from our Ethylation capacity 
in Dahej and it will position us as one of the key domestic suppliers to support 
India's agrochemical industry and capitalize on the demand trend that we are 
currently seeing. 
During the quarter under review, we also entered into a long-term strategic 
partnership with DCM Shriram who will serve as the exclusive supplier of 
chlorine from its Chlor-Alkali plant to our upcoming downstream chemicals 
facility at Zone 4.  
On the innovation front, we have intensified R&D efforts in advanced 
materials, polymer chemistry, and other sunrise applications, aligning our 
capabilities with emerging opportunities. As our current CAPEX cycle 
concludes, the emphasis will shift decisively toward innovation-led growth 
and value-added chemistry in a more optimised manner. 
At an overall level, while the near-term environment remains challenging, our 
strategic priorities are clear – to broaden our geographic footprint, diversify 
end-use applications and accelerate innovation in high-growth specialty 
segments. With key capacity additions nearing completion, new products 
coming to market and strong progress on innovation, the Company is well 
positioned to enter its next phase of sustainable growth. We remain 
committed to delivering on our medium-term financial objectives while 
focusing on creating long-term value for all our stakeholders. 
That concludes my initial remarks. I now invite the moderator to open the 
floor for questions. 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
 
We will take our first question from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus 
Spark. Arun, please go ahead. 

Arun Prasath: 
Yes. Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. First question is on margins. We have 
seen the improvement in margins despite our mix going more towards MMA 
and energy products. Can you comment on any specifics or any other 
category which has led to the increase in the margins? And how sustainable 
is it? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
The margin’s improvement was predominantly driven by operating leverage. 
At a contribution level, if you see at the overall product portfolio level, we 
remain quite consistent on the contribution margin level. But as the overall 
business volume goes up, the operating leverage starts kicking in and that 
starts getting reflected in the EBITDA percentage increase. 
Arun Prasath: 
This is despite the slightly adverse mix, we have seen this. So is it safe to 
assume that when, say, probably the energy-related mix goes down, we will 
have better margins going forward? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I have mentioned this in the previous calls as well. The portfolio across end 
application is now converging in terms of contribution profiles. So the 
variation across end application is not significant. So at this point in time, 
what impacts more is the operating leverage rather than a shift from one end 
application to other end application. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood. Secondly, if you can just give a small recap on what are the 
likely plants which we are closer to starting in the next 12 to 18 months and 
which will make a significant difference in our volume and our P&L? If you 
can list out and give the milestones and the approximate commissioning 
date? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So what we can say at this point in time is, in this quarter, we will commission 
a calcium chloride facility. In the next quarter, we are commissioning our 
multipurpose plant, both of these are at Zone 4. In addition to that, in the next 
quarter, which is Q4 of FY '26, we are also planning to commission a slightly 
increased capacity of MMA based on the debottlenecking effort and in 
addition to that, one specific molecule PEDA, again, which will become a 
form of MPP. Post that, there are 5 blocks, incremental blocks in Zone 4. I 
think each of the blocks will get sort of sequentially commissioned throughout 
the next financial year.  
From a financial point of view, frankly, some of the products where the 
market is relatively well developed and it is more of a volume placement 
game, those will accrue to the bottom line relatively quickly. But many of the 
specialty products, especially coming from the Zone 4 blocks, they will take 

time to ramp up because those have to go through qualification cycles with 
the global customers. So there, the capacity utilization ramp-up will take time. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay and for these projects, if you can also give a view of which end-
categories, because today, we have almost 40%, 45% exposure to the 
energy segment and then agro is around 20%. So at the steady state, say, 
after all these are commissioned any rough idea about what would be the 
likely mix of the end-category exposure? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
We briefly touched upon this. If we look at our 3 year plan at this point in 
time, and of course, it is subject to evolution, depending on given how volatile 
the situation has been in the recent years. But if you look at, at least from a 
strategic planning perspective, we feel energy will remain in kind of 30% to 
40% range and the share of Agro, polymer specifically, these two end-
applications, along with a little bit of pharma will inch up as we execute on our 
strategic plans. That is what is on the cards. How it evolves in reality, I think 
all of us will observe and see, but that is where we see kind of a resolved 
state at the end of 2- 2.5 years. 
Arun Prasath: 
Any preference on any particular; I mean I am not talking about the current 
ongoing projects, but going forward, strategically, do we want to say that we 
will focus on this category, and that is how we will be going forward where we 
will be putting the incremental capital allocation? Any such broad thoughts on 
how to think about the future capital allocations? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Two things. One, from a future capital allocation standpoint, I think we are 
driven more by economic rationale than particular application segment logic. I 
do not think at this point in time, we are thinking about sort of the next level of 
large investment, which is sort of INR1,000 crore plus kind of a ticket size, 
which is what we did at Zone 4. I think for the next few years, the focus will 
remain on sort of relatively medium ticket size projects, which can be turned 
around quickly based on existing infrastructure, at the same time, significantly 
accrue to the bottom line. I think that will be the sort of dominant focus over 
the course of next 2 to 3 years as we digest the capital expenditure that has 
been done over the course of last 2, 3 years. And as I said, no specific 
preference towards any particular application. It is about which are the 
chemistries where we have value chain integration, which are the chemistries 
where we see a little bit protected market in terms of trade flows and less 
volatility and, of course, the financial returns on this investment. That is what 
will predominantly drive decision-making. 

Arun Prasath: 
Understood. Just one final question, you briefly touched upon the tariff part. 
What are the levers that we have? I mean many of these products, we 
already know who our global customers are and where they are, what is 
exposure and all. So what we can do in the next 3 to 6 months with what is in 
our control, I just wanted to understand, to mitigate these tariff-related 
impacts? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
To be honest, relatively limited things that we can do at an organization level. 
I think the only couple of levers that have worked for us, and we continue to 
push that is sort of having the proactive conversations with customers to 
ensure that the relationship remains intact and the business remains intact 
where both sides have to compromise to some extent and the second aspect 
is, I think the product portfolio, which is potentially re-exported out of U.S. 
There, there are strategic levers which can be applied to minimize the overall 
tariff impact there. So these two levers, I think we have been deploying it over 
the last 3 months, and we will continue to deploy it over the subsequent 6 
months to mitigate the impact. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood. Thanks, Suyog and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Archit Joshi from 
Nuvama. 
Archit Joshi: 
Good set of numbers, firstly to start off with. So first one, just a near-term 
one. If I look at this quarter in isolation, and the INR 15 -20-odd crore EBITDA 
impacts that we had from the previous quarter, which I am assuming that 
would have been a part of this quarter. If I just make an adjustment, the 
EBITDA number should be roughly in the range of INR270-280-odd crore. 
Would this be like a steady-state number, let us say, a couple of quarters 
down the line before our Zone 4 and PEDA capacity is commissioned? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I would avoid from commenting on exact numbers. But yes, I think the level of 
performance that we are seeing right now is what is reflected based on the 
current strategies that are deployed. So if we are able to maintain this level of 
volumes, these are the numbers that someone can assume as steady-state 
numbers. But I think the objective is sort of not to stay here, right. I think both 
volume ramp-up as well as the cost optimization efforts that we are doing 
right now should ideally start supporting the business further and potentially 
compensate for any more volatility that we might see from an end market 
standpoint, right. So from an existing business point of view, I think the 
quarter reflects a decent level of capacity utilization. But at the same time, I 

think there is still significant work left on the cost optimization as well as 
further volume ramp-up possible from existing capacities. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sir, second one on the PEDA expansion. I believe it might be an opportune 
time to make PEDA given that we have an anti-dumping duty placed on 
Pretilachlor, I believe that would be the end product application of PEDA. Sir, 
we also had similar initiatives taken earlier from the ethylation unit for S-
metolachlor earlier. Are we having any targeted approach towards agriculture 
given the family of products is similar? And do we have any export 
opportunities also in PEDA since I was just going through Pretilachlor’s 
market, it does not look like it is a big market in India, roughly 1,000-odd 
tonnes, and we already have one competitor with roughly 8,500 tonnes of 
capacity of PEDA. So could you explain the rationale and the supply/demand 
in the end product. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think, first of all, I think the market is much larger as far as our 
understanding goes. If you look at the entire value chain because India 
imports 3 different stages of value chain in this particular product, right? We 
import DEA, we import PEDA, we also import Pretilachlor. So I think the 
imports happen at 3 different stages. But I think beyond that, at AIL, we 
always look at opportunities from a global point of view. I think we enter into a 
product where we feel we can have global competitiveness and we can have 
a global scale play. This is one value chain where we are developing end-to-
end integration. So we will start from all the way basic petrochemical building 
blocks, and we will go all the way downstream. And we also feel that we will 
be able to do this with a distinctive competitive cost advantage. So that is the 
logic which we are deploying. So yes, it is a broader value chain play and 
targeting to build globally competitive presence in that particular value chain. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sir, any rough working that we could have on PEDA regarding the economics 
around it, be it margins or revenue potential? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I will not share product-specific numbers precisely for the reason that it is a 
value chain play, right? So we do not look at it as a product. We look at it as 
a value chain starting all the way from aniline to ethylene. And some of it will 
be a part of existing business and some of it will be incremental. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, noted. Lastly, if I can just have one more. On the Zone 4 capex 
commissioning that starts from Q4, and you mentioned that there will be 
about 5 blocks that will get added sequentially. How do we look at these 
blocks, sir? Because you mentioned 5, so I am assuming 5 to 6 multipurpose 
plants, but any block dedicated towards a particular chemistry or a product 

just to understand a little bit more on the nuances of this with regards to 
application area or any industry exposure that it could have? And given that 
we had also spoken quite a bit on CDMO opportunities, are these also 
targeted to meet that kind of demand which can come up in the future? Any 
colour on this would be helpful. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So not all of them are multipurpose blocks. The first unit that we will 
commission in the next quarter will be a multipurpose unit. Beyond that, the 
blocks are sort of chemistry-oriented blocks without getting into too much 
technicals, but it is kind of a photochlorination block, hydrolysis block, 
nitration block and so on. These are the kind of chemistry blocks, which allow 
us to make any product using that particular type of reactions, right. That is 
how the blocks are designed for, which will get sort of sequentially 
commissioned. There will be different products that can be produced from 
these blocks, which will have to be optimized on a time-to-time basis based 
on what is the margin profile and demand supply profile for these products. 
That is one. Sorry, what was your second part of the question? 
Archit Joshi: 
The CDMO bit. It is been quite some time since we have had our contract. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes, we have started our work in that dimension. I think we have good initial 
success. But currently, where we are in that sort of we are getting to know 
and build relationships with some of the global innovators. As we speak, we 
are doing sort of 3 or 4 projects, which are at R&D level. So I think the focus 
remains on building relationships with global innovators and trying to get 
involved in the very early part of a development cycle. That work converting 
into a concrete large-scale business in terms of manufacturing or supplying of 
a particular intermediate/chemical. That is kind of an 18 to 24-month journey 
in sort of our sense. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure. Noted, sir, I must admit the quality of disclosure and communication 
has improved significantly. So thanks for that and all the best for quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 
360 One Capital. Please go ahead.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So first question is on the M&A strategy. So 
earlier, we had indicated that since we have a large presence established in 
the Middle East, we will go for U.S. given that U.S. is a gasoline market, 
whereas Europe is a gasoline market. And now there is a change because of 
the U.S. tariff situation.Obviously, we did not anticipate that. But how do we 
look at it from a change in strategy perspective and the benefits that we were 

likely to get accrued from U.S. would it be in similar quantum if we change 
the strategy to Europe and further into the Middle East? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think the thesis still does not change. The U.S. still remains the largest 
gasoline market. I think we will not be able to change that thesis/facts 
because it is natural. I think it is the biggest market for gasoline. 
Yes, the trade barriers did impact sort of our strategy in the U.S. And in that 
context, we had to figure out some alternate market where the teams have 
been able to do a decent job. But we continue to focus on U.S. So we will 
also see resumption of volumes going to U.S. in this quarter despite tariff 
uncertainty. So that gives us confidence that in the long term, as the India-
U.S. trade deal stabilizes, Potentially, it will remain one of the most important 
market for this product and at the same time, we continue to develop globally 
because it is a product as we say, sort of high potential product. So the 
market efforts to develop markets across regions, including Europe, including 
Middle East, including Africa, they continue to remain on track. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Second question, it is just a bookkeeping question. So this year, our 
capex will be INR1,000 crore. What will be the likelihood of capex for FY '27? 
And similarly, a tax rate for FY '26 and '27? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
So capex for next year will be substantially lower than INR1,000 crore. We do 
not have the right number. We are still yet to work out the numbers, but it will 
be substantially lower. On the tax rate, I anticipate FY '27, we should be 
somewhere at a number below 15%. And FY '28, we should be between 15% 
to 20%. That is a rough estimate right now. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.  
Aditya Khetan: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Sir, first question on the DCB, we are 
witnessing a quarterly jump despite muted uptick in dyes and polymers. Any 
specific reason like other segments where we look NT, NCB all have been 
muted, that is understandable. But on DCB, we have seen an uptick. Any 
specific reason, sir, despite end user remaining muted? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No. So I think on a DCB, you have to look at it both on quarter-on-quarter and 
year-on-year numbers. I think if you see year-on-year numbers, they will 
actually be negative. But quarter-on-quarter numbers are positive because 
the first quarter was actually very weak for DCB chain. And it is also one of 

the chains, which did get impacted because of U.S. tariffs. But I think we 
have revised our strategy for DCB, and that is one chain where we expect 
sort of very strong second half. So you will see volume growth in that 
particular segment irrespective of what happens to U.S. tariffs over the 
course of the next 2 quarters. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Okay. Sir, on the MMA, when we look in this quarter, like the contribution 
from the energy segment is around 43%, considering we are doing some 
debottlenecking and taking it to around 3 lakh tons, do you see the 
contribution to be around 50% from energy segment? And does this pose any 
risk to our long-term spreads per kg or spreads per tonne like what Aarti used 
to enjoy earlier spreads per tonne that will be materially lower if energy 
segment picks up more from the current levels. Any thoughts on this, sir? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Frankly, at this point in time, we are not actively managing exposure to a 
particular application segment, right? We have certain assets and we have 
certain capability. Right now, the focus remains on how do we sort of utilize 
these assets to the best possible extent to deliver the best possible financial 
performance? As I mentioned in some of the earlier conversations, the 
contribution levels at a broader portfolio level across applications have 
started to converge. Now they will get reset over the next 1 to 2 years, and 
we do that optimization on a dynamic basis. But ultimately, the objective will 
remain that sort of how do we maximize the net contribution for the company 
across different applications while utilizing all of our existing assets? 
 
On a steady-state basis, again, we mentioned it previously, we feel given the 
entire Zone 4 new capacity, new products will also come on stream over the 
course of next 1.5 years. The energy as a segment ultimately might settle 
down somewhere in the range of 30% to 40%. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Okay. Sir, just one last question. Sir, also the U.S. tariff, you have indicated 
that there was no pain we have witnessed in this quarter. Do you see any 
significant dip in volumes from the U.S. market in next quarter and materially, 
we could be lower from this quarter? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, I think we did witness pain from the U.S. in this quarter. Our share of U.S. 
business in the last quarter was significantly lower compared to Q1. So there 
was definitely a pain. It was offset by a push in the other geographies. But 
potentially to the level where we have already reached, the further downside 
sort of can be arrested. In fact, there could be a positive trigger if we get 
stabilization in the India-U.S. trade deal. 

Aditya Khetan: 
Any tentative figure, sir, of the volume loss or the revenue loss from U.S.? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
There is no revenue loss because I think that volume has been actively 
placed in the other markets. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Okay, got it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Abhijit Akella from 
Kotak Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Good afternoon. Thank you so much. Just with regard to the cost-cutting part 
of the guidance that we have spoken about. So this INR150 crore to INR200 
crore is now mentioned as fully completed. Is this in the base in terms of the 
P&L numbers that we see in the expense numbers? Or is some benefit yet to 
flow through in coming quarters? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
There is a lot of benefit yet to flow through, especially one of the major items 
there was around sort of renewable power purchase agreements. A large 
chunk of it is expected to get commissioned only in April 2026. So that is a 
significant benefit that will flow through in the next financial year. There are 
also certain long-term contracts for raw material where new pricing formula 
gets set in. Those are also yet to flow through to the bottom line completely. 
So in terms of actions, the activities have been completed. But from a benefit 
point of view, there is a decent of it which is yet to flow through in the bottom 
line. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Any sort of numbers you could put around that? How much of the INR150 
crore to INR200 crore is in the base versus how much we should expect next 
year? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Difficult to say it is also a continuing journey, right? I think we have given a 
number of INR150 crore to INR200 crore for which the action is completed, I 
would say roughly 40% to 50% of it is yet to flow through in the bottom line. 
But given it is the ongoing journey, we hope to also continue to add more 
initiatives to that funnel. And to some extent, it is also volume linked, right, 
because many of these are variable cost reduction initiatives. So ultimately, if 
the rupees per kg cost are down, as we increase the volume ramp up, 
automatically, the cost saving benefit also gets multiplied accordingly. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it. And just one other thing on the tariffs. Any colour if you could please 
put around the sort of conversations that customers are having, U.S.-based 
customers regarding maybe the sharing of the pain. So I mean, is the tariff 

burden basically being shared? How are things evolving on that front and 
how you see them going forward? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think in near term, it is in the interest of both sides to figure out a workable 
model. But at the same time, we remain sort of cognizant of the fact that if the 
situation does not get resolved, then there would definitely be some long-
term impact. As we see based on the current situation, it feels like China has 
a preferred trade arrangement even than India in today’s situation. We hope 
that will change very soon. But so far, we have been able to hold on to the 
conversations. And I think all the customers also remain sort of actively 
engaged. But yes, people will look forward to getting clarity over the course of 
next few weeks to ensure that they lock in their plans for the next year. 
Abhijit Akella:  
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Vivek Rajamani 
from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.  
Vivek Rajamani: 
Hi, Sir. Thank you so much for the presentation. Just a couple of clarifications 
on the tariff spread again. I think you mentioned that you have already 
reduced the share of volumes to the U.S. this quarter and offset it with sales 
to the other regions. So would it be fair to say that if the tariff situation 
resolves whenever it does, the volume impact may not be significantly higher 
because it could just be a case of you moving the volumes to the U.S.? Or 
there could still be a more improved volume performance should that 
happen? That is the first bit. And second, you just also touch upon ex of tariff, 
the volumes going to the U.S., do they have a better margin profile vis-a-vis 
your volumes going to the other geographies? Some colour on that would 
also be helpful? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
The answer to the second question is yes. I think ex of tariffs typically we 
enjoy better margin profile in the U.S. than other geographies. I think the first 
part of that question, the answer sort of changes from value chain to value 
chain. So if you look at something like MMA where if you are operating at 
90% plus capacity utilization, then opening of U.S. market will not change the 
volumes. It might change the margin profile, but it will not change the 
volumes because anyway, the capacity utilization is to a decent level. But 
there are some other things like phenylenediamine, like DCB, like ethylation 
where the capacity still exists. So opening up of U.S. market or making it 
more of accessible based on reasonable tariff arrangements will help us also 
push incremental volumes. 

Vivek Rajamani: 
Sure sir, that is very clear. Thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Surya Narayan 
Patra from PhillipCapital India. Please go ahead.  
Surya Narayan Patra: Thanks for the opportunity sir and congratulations for the great set of 
numbers. My first question is on the, let us say, the MMA. So within a year, 
you are just almost like tripling the capacity. Can you give some sense what 
incremental confidence that you are having on this product segment? And 
now with the diversification, whatever that we have seen from the GCC 
market together, so what is the split between GCC plus other for MMA 
currently? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So overall, we remain, again, very confident about the market potential of the 
product. That is the reason further debottlenecking efforts underway to 
increase the capacity. From a regional share point of view, at this point in 
time, we would not address it because right now, it is frankly driven a little bit 
by the current geopolitical situation that we are facing. We will reach to a little 
bit stable global footprint position in the 6 months down the line, where we 
have a resolution on the U.S. India issue. At the same time, we have good 
feedback from current expansion activities that we have done in, let us say, 
Europe, Middle East and Africa. So we will reach a steady state potentially 6 
to 7 months down the line. But the only thing we can say is that we do have a 
presence practically in of all major blending markets in the world. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Second question is on the upcoming projects which are likely to drive 
profitable growth for you the way that you are indicating. So any of the 
upcoming projects, whether it is the multipurpose plant or the PEDA or the 
other set of projects. So any of them, whether that has been backed by a 
customer and hence, the implementation of those projects or execution of 
those projects would not be deferred or delayed? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
We have moved past that industry phase to be very honest. I think there are 
very rare instances where these are kind of back-to-back customer 
committed with take-or-pay kind of contract kind of commitments projects. 
Yes, in all of them, we do have very active conversations with customers, and 
we do have decent relationships and conversations in place, which gives us 
confidence to place the molecules. But if your question is specific to that 
whether we have a take-or-pay contract for any of these products, then the 
answer is no. 

Surya Narayan Patra: Okay. Even then can you give some vision because this multipurpose plant is 
a kind of a project which can encompass so many projects, but we may not 
be having any sense about it? Since it is coming in the fourth quarter and it 
would be very much there in next year and following year as a kind of earning 
driver for the company. So if you can give some colour to it that, how things 
will really shape up for this project, which would be helpful? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think PEDA is a classic example of MPP, right. We saw the opportunity in 
the market. A sort of 80%, 90% infrastructure already exists in terms of 
multipurpose plant and you have to do final tweaking to get the asset ready to 
deliver on a certain product in a certain value chain. Your time to market goes 
down significantly. The way we look at MPP is a flexible asset, which reduces 
our time to market for new innovative products significantly. So it is been 
looked at as a capability rather than necessarily as an NC or as a net 
contribution engine. Once we get into the market, stabilize the product, we 
have 2 choices, either we can continue to manufacture that in one of the 
MPP setups or if the volume ramps up and we see significant market 
development, we could potentially also build the dedicated assets for ramped 
up chemistries. So the way we look at MPP is a tremendous capability, which 
accelerates time to market and at the same time, gives us opportunity to try 
out innovative products at a lower cost. 
Surya Narayan Patra: So is it fair to believe that the vast R&D capability and the investment what 
we have already created, so this MPP is a forward integration to those R&D 
capabilities? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. So that is where CDMO efforts will also come into the play because if 
you look at the overall pipeline that we have built, right, we have a great R&D 
setup. We have now two world-scale pilot plants, which have already got 
commissioned, then we have a multipurpose plant, which was kind of a 
missing piece in the overall chain and then we have a dedicated chemistry 
block. So I think our ability to serve global partners across the different 
stages of development and different stages of the market product evolution is 
going up phenomenally with this addition to our capability. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Just one book keeping question for Chetan sir. Sir, you mentioned that there 
is INR34 crore kind of forex loss sitting in the finance cost line. So this INR34 
crore is excluding that INR15 crore forex loss number that is there in the line 
items. Am I right? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Yes. INR34 crore is related to the long-term ECB, which was taken from IFC 
and INR15 crore comprises the impact on the short-term working capital 

export finance like packing credit and other stuff which is taken. It actually 
also gets netted off against the positive benefit on exchange, which is part of 
revenue from operations to the extent of around INR25-odd crore. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Sure. Okay. Sir, then when this 2-3 projects that is going to be 
commercialized in the second half, what is the kind of spike in the finance 
cost that we can see on a quarterly basis or in whichever way that if you can 
give some clarity? That is one part. And also, if you can just give the export 
number for the quarter. 
Chetan Gandhi: 
On the finance cost, there will be some increase which will come through 
because this project will also start kicking in, in the initial period, the 
contribution to EBITDA would be quite limited. There is working capital which 
will go through. I do not have a right number in terms of what is the increase 
in the finance cost, which we would assume. I am also anticipating a bit of 
softening of interest rate going forward. So that should support in terms of not 
moving the finance cost significantly up. On the export numbers, I will 
probably come back to you. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Sure sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Tushar Raghatate 
from Omega Portfolio Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Tushar Raghatate: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for a 
great set of numbers. Just wanted to know in the MMA, which is contributing 
upwards of 40%, will that maintain going forward, that is the case? That is the 
first thing. And secondly, we are very confident on the MMA. Just wanted to 
know our right to win in India in the global market in the MMA business. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think from a manufacturing point of view, we feel we have one of the 
largest and most competitive capacities for this product. There are several 
innovations that we have done on technology front, which also allows us to 
play in this market against competition. And thirdly, we are genuinely 
investing a lot in building a supply chain infrastructure as well as creating 
very deep customer relationship with the large global players.  
At the same time, on the volume confidence, I think the confidence of 
manufacturing and placing the product is sort of demonstrated also in the 
quarterly performance. At the same time, we have to understand that there is 
an economics linked to global oil and gas sector trends and certain support 
from differentials available for gasoline and differentials available between 

gasoline and naphtha do have a fundamental impact on the demand for this 
particular product in the global market. So with the understanding of that 
context, we still continue to remain excited and we continue to expand both 
market as well as our capacity. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Fair enough. And sir, in the agrochemicals, considering the second order 
effect, do you see the agrochemical’s global picture in terms of volume is 
improving going forward? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
At a global level, volumes for sure, have seen some recovery, but the margin 
pressure remains quite intense. I think if you look at India’s specific picture, 
we are starting to see some second order impact of some of our downstream 
customers who are exporting to U.S. I think some impact was visible in the 
last few months. But at the same time, everyone is hopeful of settlement on 
that issue and the long-term issue of inventory-linked pressures, which were 
having overall impact on the consumption or the volume growth it; I think 
those are mostly settled. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Got it, sir. And sir, in terms of your margin profile, this 14% margin, do you 
see the structural one going forward? Or it just depends on the price 
movement in terms of the margin? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No. I think, as I said earlier, for us right now, the biggest needle mover is the 
operating leverage. So if we are able to continue maintain and sustain the 
volumes at this level, then the operating leverage kicks in. But however, I 
have to also admit that the volatility in the market, both in terms of raw 
material and the product pricing still remains at a very elevated level. In the 
last 6 months, we have seen significant volatility in raw material and that also 
corresponds to product prices in a lot of other segments. So we remain 
watchful of that. But I think at a generalist answer level, the current volume 
levels will support the operating leverage led increase in the margin. 
Tushar: 
 
That was really helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Siddharth Gadekar 
from Equirus. Please go ahead.  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Hi sir. First one on chlorotoluene project, can you just highlight what has 
happened there? And when do we expect ramp-up in the entire project? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think I answered it partially. It is part of our Zone 4 blocks. And as we start 
the next financial year, you will see sequential 5 blocks getting commissioned 
in Zone 4 over the course of full financial year. And all of these blocks are 

designed and able to produce chlorotoluene valuation at the same time, 
many other products, and we will select the products depending on the 
market dynamics and the contribution possibilities. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, just on the MMA competition, can you highlight what 
kind of capacity are we seeing getting added in India and China? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think exact numbers, frankly, are not very specifically available in the 
market. We suspect there is sort of another 100-plus kt capacity available in 
India and maybe 200 to 300 kt capacity available in China. Though that is not 
reflected in the volumes from competition, but that is the kind of capacity that 
could be available. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Sajal Kapoor from 
Antifragile Thinking. Please go ahead.  
Sajal Kapoor: 
Thank you for taking my question. First one is just an observation. The quality 
of communication and disclosures has improved significantly in recent 
quarters. So well done on that front. Even if you read through the annual 
report, the disclosures have significantly improved. That is one. And then we 
have stepped up our efforts in science and innovation, the intellectual 
property creation effort has increased. All that is good. The question I have is 
in an increasingly uncertain and random world, how do you see the balance 
sheet position? Would you be comfortable with the current debt profile we are 
carrying on the balance sheet? And what is the plan to sort of try and maybe 
deleverage amid the current wave of capex plus the fact that the next wave of 
capex will be much more focused on fungible, more science and innovation-
led capex. So the capex is an ongoing effort. What I am sightly concerned 
about is the current debt levels that we have on our balance sheet. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you, Sajal. I think first on the capex side, I think the capital execution 
strategy has been much disciplined for the last 12 months and will remain 
much disciplined going forward. I think in some of the questions, I did cover 
that. Going forward also, if you look at next 2 to 3 years, I think we are not 
looking at a very blockbuster kind of a capex, right? If something comes our 
way, we will, of course, evaluate and sort of come back.  But at this point in 
time, the focus remains on sort of medium-scale capex, which are able to 
turn around very fast and are able to deliver significant returns utilizing 
existing infrastructure. So that remains a primary focus. And that will also 
help us to manage the overall balance sheet much better.  

We actually think from a debt-to-EBITDA point of view, we potentially could 
have already seen the peak. Absolute debt numbers are important. But for 
us, I think what we track more is debt-to-EBITDA. And I think on that front, we 
feel that we could have potentially already seen the peak now, and it should 
improve going forward. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
That is helpful. That is all I wanted to check. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anil Chaurasia from SMIFS. 
Please go ahead.  
Anil Chaurasia: 
Hello sir. Congrats on good set of numbers. I have just two queries. One, sir, 
what explains the increase in debtor level, almost by 65%? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
So if you look at the top line, the top line has also gone up. And in certain 
cases, in fact, just adding it to the previous question which was there, the 
export percentage is upwards of 60%, where the credit profile is a bit more as 
compared to the domestic numbers, so which is where you would see this 
receivable to be there. So if I combine on an overall working capital basis, the 
working capital cycle continues to remain at the level what it was. It continues 
to remain in the range of around 45, 50-odd days. The receivable plus 
inventory continues to operate at a similar level. So there is a reduction in 
inventory days, increase in receivable days because of the fact that the 
export profile has gone up a bit. 
Anil Chaurasia: 
Okay. And secondly, sir, in cash flow, I think you were explaining that actual 
finance cost is INR159 crore. But if you look at in cash flow under financing 
activities, we have reported only INR115 crore. So what explains the 
difference? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
So as I said that there is the mark-to-market impact on the loans, which has 
to be accounted based on the volatility of the currency and is not a cash flow 
item and that is where the cash flow will show the actual cash outgo versus 
the P&L will reflect the provisioning for those potential volatility impacts as 
well. 
Anil Chaurasia: 
So you mean to say last year, there was no such item like mark-to-market? 
Last year, it was matching. 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Not significant. 
Anil Chaurasia: 
Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 

Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your 
continued support. As shared earlier, we are transgressing across the most 
challenging phase of the chemical sector. I think our resilient and robust 
strategy helps us navigate this phase and deliver growth and sustainable 
performances. We hope we have been able to address all your questions. 
Please feel free to reach out to us if you have any further queries. Thank you 
once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Aarti Industries Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
  
 
