 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 04th Nov, 2025 
The Listing and Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
Script Code: SM – INFOBEAN 
The Manager, 
Listing Dept. 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
MH- IN 
Scrip Code: 543644  
 
Subject: Transcripts of the earnings call conducted held on 29th October, 2025 at 10:00 A.M. (IST)  
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the earnings call conducted held on 29th October, 2025 for 
your information and records. 
 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at 
https://infobeans.ai/investors/  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
For InfoBeans Technologies Ltd 
 
 
 
Surbhi Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Surbhi Jain
Digitally signed by 
Surbhi Jain 
Date: 2025.11.04 
17:44:09 +05'30'

 
 
InfoBeans Technologies Limited 
Sep 30, 2025, Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
Management  
Avinash Sethi, Co-founder 
Siddharth Sethi, Co-founder 
Mitesh Bohra, Co-founder 
Krunal Sanghvi, Associate Director-Finance 
Surbhi Jain, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Surbhi Jain 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining this Q2 FY 26 
Earnings Call for InfoBeans Technologies Limited. The results are available on the stock 
exchange. In case anyone does not have a copy of the same, please do write to us, and we will 
be happy to send it to you. To take us through the results of this quarter, we have with us  
Co-Founder, Mr. Avinash Sethi, Mr. Siddharth Sethi and Mr. Mitesh Bohra.  We will be starting the 
call with a brief overview of the company's performance, and then we will allow the Q&A 
session. Kindly ask your questions by raising your hand after the brief overview by Avinash is 
over, and then we will address all the questions one by one. I would like to remind you all that 
everything said on this call that reflects any outlook for the future can be considered as a 
forward-looking statement and must be used in conjunction with the uncertainty and risks that 
we face. These uncertainties and risks are included, but not limited to what we have mentioned 
in the prospectus filed with the SEBI and the subsequent annual report. With that said note, I 
turn over the call to Mr. Avinash Sethi. Over to you, Avinash. 

Avinash Sethi 
Thank you Surbhi and thank you all the investors for joining this call. 
For those investors who are joining for the first time, we will quickly brief you towards the 
transformation over the years of InfoBeans. We started in 2000, the first 10 years were mostly 
foundational and then the momentum started to bring after the 2011- 2012 time frame where we 
became the CMMI level three company , revenue grew from 4crore to 43 crores in the span of 
08-09 years. And then we became a public company in 2017. Acquired one company in the US in 
the year 2019. Acquired another company in pune in 2021, reached a turnover of 400 crores in 
2023 in a span of 8 years between 2015 to 2023. And then, you know,  achieved CMMI Level 5 in 
2025, onboarded Phaneesh Murthy as an advisor to the  board and also hire couple of senior 
folks, industry leaders like Harmeet Bhatia as CRO and then Opal Perry joined us as 
Independent Director, she is the CTO of Easyjet in London. So that's the journey we are on.  
And in the last few years, we've been investing in turning around the company in a way where 
we are ready for the new world, particularly the AI as well as, you know, having senior people, 
senior leaders on the board, so that we position ourselves as a very strong contender for 
enterprise business all over the world. Next, please. 
A quick overview on the numbers. The H1 financials, as we can see here on the screen, is 254 
crores of revenue, EBITDA of 71 crores, a PAT of 46 crores, and a large amount of cash and cash 
equivalent in the business of 292 crores, which gives us a lot of financial strength. And we are 
growing at 24% CAGR since 2021, and we want to maintain a better rate of growth in the future 
as well. A lot of awards, particularly important awards, will be seen as the best companies for 
women in India, and Dream companies to work for in India.  
We have always been focused on large enterprises as our customers. So if you look at it, we are 
still a micro-cap company, but we have 42 large enterprise clients as our customers. And that is 
where we drive our strength and a lot of repeat business coming from these customers, which 
also testifies the fact that our customers like us, and we are able to continue to generate repeat 
business from these customers.  
Next please, these are the core set of services that we offer, focused on AI led engineering, 
using a lot of tools like GenAI, Windsurf, Microsoft Copilot etc. We also build enhanced 
accelerators like Expona, which allows customers to adopt AI tools very, very fast. We also rely 
on two platforms, Salesforce and ServiceNow to service our enterprise customers.  Most of them 
have either both of them or one of these platforms implemented in their environment. And 
therefore we get a lot of opportunities in terms of consulting and integration pieces for these 
platforms. As for industry focus, we are aiming to focus on BFSI and manufacturing world as 
well as storage and virtualization side of the business, which we have a strong presence in 
already.  

Next please. The core team, again, most of you must have seen this slide multiple time, but for 
the interest of newcomers, I'm going to call today. We are the three founders, all of us are here 
today. We are in the San Francisco area. An accomplished board of directors include Opal Perry, 
as I talked about, Mayuri, she's a VP of marketing at LT Foods America. And then Sumer 
Bahadur Singh, he's a president of the Boarding School Association.  
Next please. Again, a very accomplished set of leaders also long time noted for InfoBeans. So, 
you know, Ram Lakshmi, Geetanjali, Manish, Tarulata and Harmeet. The other ones who look at 
sales and the clients' success part of the business. Next., Very strong delivery and people side 
leadership, Amit Makhija and Denise, Rajagopalan, Kanupriya and Arpit Jain. These are the 
leaders in the part for delivery and for people. Next 
A very important set of clients and long association with each of these clients, some of the 
names that we cannot really give out here because of the strong NDAs that we have, but if you 
look at IQVIA, which is a client for almost 12 years now, ALM a client of 20 years plus, 
Coadvantage that's a very successful product company and a client for almost 10 years now.  
Next, please. A quick financial update on how this quarter has gone. Good revenue growth of 
27% y-o-y, as compared to last September quarter when we delivered 130 crores on top line. 
EBITDA has also improved 57% from 23 crores to 36 crores, and PAT from 13 crores to 23 crores, 
a significant growth of 77% here. On a Q-o-Q basis, the revenue has increased by 5%. Let me 
also remind all of you that this 124 crores included 6 crores of employment retention credit given 
by the U.S. government, which we applied for in 2022, and it's saved about 3 years, but that's 
increased revenue, as a part of other income. So we have a decent growth on q-on-q also, if you 
don't include one time other income. EBITDA does not include ERC, so it's a good comparison, 
20% growth here, and PAT is almost 24, 23 crores, but in a sense, it includes ERC of 6 crores. So in 
effect, it is 18 crores compared to 23 crores PAT on a quarter-of-a-quarter basis. 
On the USD side if I look at the revenue growth in the USD terms, than we have grown our 
revenue by 20% year-on-year.  
Next, please. And most of this growth has come from our existing customers who are expanding, 
and we are getting a larger share of our wallet, our revenue wallet from these customers. 
Coming to a little bit more detailed version of P&L for September, revenue from operations has 
grown from 98 to 125 crores on a y-o-y basis. EBITA from 23 to 26, and PAT from 13 to 23. We've 
been able to have a decent handle on the total expenditure, including the employee cost. Our 
revenue has grown up fairly well, and the cost has been able to be contained to a good level. 
And that has happened because we have improved our inflation levels. We are able to time our 
hiring of lateral hiring from the market in alignment with our sales pipeline. So that also helped 
in improving the margins. And as I said, all of the clients, the key clients, have been growing 
across the US, Germany, and Middle East markets. So good overall growth in all directions. 
Next, please. Here's the snapshot for H1 comparison from H1 this fiscal year and H1 previous 
fiscal year. At 202 crores in September 24 versus 254 crores in September 25, a 26% growth. 
EBITDA from 42 to 71. And PAT from 20 to 46, so again, decent momentum that we are getting in 
our business this year. In USD terms, in H1, the revenue has grown by 19% year-on-year.  

Next slide, please. A detailed analysis of the Balance Sheet, typically the non-current assets, the 
momentum is about, there's a reduction of 8 crores in the non-current asset, but there's a 
significant increase in current assets. That's mostly because of the increase in investments in the 
mutual funds and trade receivables and the increase in cash equivalents. In the equity and 
liability side. There's an increase in profit of about 48 crores, dividend paid is reduced from here 
and buyback of shares for 10 crores that were disallowed. The non-current liabilities, we have 
reduced lease liabilities to a point of about 3 crores. And then there's a reduction in statutory 
dues of 4 crores which is typically the tax part. So not much of a movement in the asset side.  
Next, please. A quick market breakup about how the market is growing in different geographies. 
And quite interestingly, Europe is showing a revenue share of 31%. It is growing very rapidly. And 
the US is at 56%, which is contained at this number. UAE is at 8%, and the rest of the world which 
includes India, is about 5%. 
InfoBeans Cloudtech, another update here is that InfoBeans  Cloudtech merger application is 
submitted to NCLT and we hope the merger will conclude in the next six to 12 months. Depends 
on how the speed of the government department is, but all paperwork is done and the process is 
already initiated. InfoBeans Cloudtech has a revenue share of about 11%, but the profitability is 
pretty good. So it's a good business to run on. It's good salesforce practice. 
Next please. Very happy and proud to say that we are named as the Best Companies for women 
in India and this is the fourth year in a row. And we're also honored as Asia's best employer 
brand award for the ninth year in a row. Some of the conferences that we attend are typically on 
the AI side. 
Next please. And we are investing heavily on AI and attending and being present on AI events. 
We're also trying to partner with some AI startups so that we can serve our customers better. So 
multiple such events that have been attended. ServiceNow, again, they're a very important 
partner for us. We continue to assess and search.  
Next please. So we have been expanding our CSR facility in Pune also. There's a new centre 
which is setting up two batches of students from under-privileged  backgrounds to train them to 
become employable in the period of one year. And there are also two batches which got 
completed/ graduated from this programme in Indore and Pune and which are placed in 
software companies in both Indore and Pune.  
We're going to take a moment to talk about the foundation. 
Yeah, so InfoBeans Foundation, again, people who are new to the meeting today, InfoBeans 
Foundation is a flagship program that we conduct as a part of a CSR activity. We started this in 
2019, it's a one-year full-time course, which is free for underprivileged students, typically 
students of B.Sc., B.Com, and B.C.A., and other degree courses. And we train them for one year 
on software programming languages and English as a communication language so that they 
become employable in the IT company. And we are so happy to tell all of you that we've been 
able to deliver a success rate of 90% for these students. And today, at this point in time, there 

are more than 200 students being simultaneously trained across five centers, in Indore and 
Pune under this program. 
So it's a very successful program, and people whose family income was less than 3.5 lacs Rs, 
there are students who have now been after one year of programming, two or three years of 
service, they are at the level of 20-25 lacs a year and get a salary. So a very successful program 
and that's how we are expanding every year. We started with just 20 students and today we 
claimed 200+ students, so it's a very proud achievement I would say for InfoBeans Foundation, 
both in Indore and Pune. The other thing that we do for the CSR front is to plant trees in the 
cities where our offices are, particularly in Indore and Pune and there’s a regular exercise what 
we done is on every team member birthday we plant a tree and we also issue a certificate with 
a QR code scanning which you can see the actual location of the tree, so for this quarter we 
planted 382 trees for our team members. 
Next please, again a very important milestone at the Sustainability side which our European 
and American customers were demanding from us in every RFP that where are your 
sustainability efforts and with all the work we do and we have been doing all the years we 
applied for this Ecovadis certification and we are proud to say that we received a very good 
rating here and they recognize us as a committed company towards environmental 
sustainability goals and it’s a good achievement which we have been able to secure  and our 
customer is happy to see these rating from Ecovadis. 
Next please  
Next we talk about the market data of 30th Sep, where share price was over 472 rs and the 
market cap was 1147 crores. The equity holding with the promoter group is about 74.4%. This is 
after the buyback. And the public holds about 25.6% shares. That's pretty much it for the 
presentation today. We can open up for questions and answers. Over to you, Surbhi.  
Surbhi 
Thank you, Avinash. 
Krunal 
Yes. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining today's call. Participants are requested 
to please use the raise hand feature to join the queue. And when it is your turn, please unmute 
yourself and proceed with your question. We further request participants to please limit your 
question to one at a time so that we can accommodate as many participants as possible. You 
can rejoin the queue for the follow-up questions and we'll be happy to address your questions if 
the time permits. Thank you for your cooperation. Let's proceed with the first question. So the 
first question is coming from the line of Mr. Ankit Kumar. Ankit, please unmute yourself and 
proceed with your question, please.  
Ankit 

Hello, sir. Am I audible?  
Avinash 
Yes, Ankit.  
Ankit 
Yeah. Thank you for taking my question. Congrats for a good set of numbers. Sir, given we have 
such a strong annuity type of business, can you comment on how things are shaping up for Q3 
and Q4, basically the second half of this year?  
Avinash 
Sure, Ankit, the business momentum is there. If you look at the Q1, I mean, March quarter, June 
quarter, and September quarter, we are building up momentum. And in every commentary, 
every investor call, we say that there is a good demand scene, like we see from all the three 
geographies. Even the microeconomic environment for the rest of the, I would say, large IT 
companies is not really affecting us. So that's good news. Our clients are asking for more work, 
even in the AI space. So that's also much in our favor. And we are able to build the momentum 
on the larger ones, the larger clients, on the ServiceNow side, Salesforce side, as well as the 
Digital transformation side. So I think it is going well for us, plus, as I mentioned earlier, the 
utilization levels are also in good shape, which is also helping us. The other thing is that we are 
able to add about 98 people in this quarter, which is a significant growth for us. In the last 
quarter, we had a reduction in income, but now we are also able to attract a good number of 
talent in time to be able to service our clients. So I think the momentum is good. Obviously, I 
cannot give you guidance and numbers, but we see good demand from all directions. 
Ankit 
Sorry, just to follow up on this. Can you comment basically how much is order book grown? So 
any color on magnitude or can you, which you can share? 
Avinash 
So we, I think in the previous calls, I keep mentioning that the order book is there, but order 
book for us, the projects are like six months, nine months kind of projects. We don't have a 
multi-year order book with us and that does not allow us to predict and give us exact numbers 
of the order book, but with the experience that we have with the kind of repeatability that we 
generate from the customers, we are fairly positive that, you know, we will be able to, I mean, 
continuing the growth from here. So, yeah, it is very difficult to give those numbers for us. 
Ankit 
Sure, sir. I'll join back with you. Thank you.  
Krunal 

Thank you, Ankit. So next question is from Mr. Sumukh. Please unmute yourself and proceed with 
your question 
Sumukh 
Hi, so thanks for the opportunity. So my question is your y-o-y growth is around 27%. So may I 
know what is driving this, sir? Because when I see your number of clients is relatively flat from 
FY23, is there a pricing thing or is it that you're getting more work from a different client or 
what? Any light on this would be great. 
Avinash 
Sorry, I couldn’t hear you clearly, what you're asking, if I understand correctly, is that what are 
the factors contributing to your growth? Is that the question?  
Sumukh 
Yes, sir. Correct. So is it pricing or is it more work from existing clients or is it more client wins? 
So what is it with respect to that?  
Avinash 
I think it is a combination of both adding up new clients as well as growth from the existing 
ones. So, yeah, these are both the factors that are contributing to the growth of the business. 
Typically, as a nature of services business, new clients start with a small value of a product. And 
once they find the deliveries is good and beyond their expectations, then they start to give you 
more work. So it is a slow growth trajectory of a new client. And then, at the same time, the 
growth factor is faster after the first project delivery. So that is how the services business works.  
Sumukh 
Okay, that answers my question, thank you, I'll get back to you. 
Krunal 
So the next question is from Mr. Srinivasu. Sir, please unmute yourself and proceed with your 
question. 
Srinivasu 
Hello. Sir, my question is about the agentic workflow that you are working with ServiceNow and 
Salesforce. Are you seeing demand from this agentic workflow and if you are working on that, 
are you seeing a margin uptick due to this AI-based workflow?  
Siddharth 
I'll take that question. 

Thank you, Srinivasu, for your question. I think AI and agentic workflows are the buzzwords that 
we are seeing today in the industry. We are no laggards to this. We are very much at the 
forefront of these technologies. We are working with a significant set of clients when it comes to 
AI and agentic AI. So yes, we are seeing significant demand and at the same time, we are 
upskilling our team, we are investing in these technologies. We have hired people who have 
significant experience in this and we are delivering solutions to our clients including but not 
limited to POCs, accelerators and of course end use cases. So yeah, this is a very exciting field, a 
very upcoming field and we are very much part of this thing. In fact, we have taken this 
opportunity in the last two or three quarters to completely pivot our positioning in the market as 
an AI-first organization. We have significantly enhanced our AI footprint and our knowledge 
base in this field and we are consulting with our clients and creating new use cases for them so 
that they can take them to the market. So yes, it is an exciting time for us on this front. 
Srinivasu 
Are you seeing any uplift of margins due to this AI deal? 
Siddharth 
In terms of margins, at this point we are trying to invest more in this. Margins is a secondary 
thing for us when it comes to AI. However, we are significantly again investing in using AI tools 
within the organization for development work. So in that sense, yes, we are trying to improve 
productivity. At the same time, it increases velocity for us and it also allows us to go to market 
faster than the rest of the industry. But margins per se is not a primary concern here. The 
primary concern is to get ahead in the race, invest very heavily and take this thing forward for 
the next 5-10 years of the AI revolution. 
Srinivasu 
Thankyou 
Krunal 
Thank you. Next question is from Ms. Nishitha. Ma'am, please unmute yourself and proceed with 
your question. 
Nishitha 
Yes, hello. So I just had one question. How many new clients have we onboarded? You 
mentioned that addition of new clients was also a growth driver for the revenue in this quarter. 
So how many new clients have we onboarded? 
Avinash 
On an average, we've been adding about six every quarter. Last quarter also we had six and this 
quarter also we had six. Out of that, I think both of these are three large ones, each of them, 
each of the quarters. So, you know, out of those 12 new customers in the last six months, we had 

around six large customers. I think what is important to us as a company is, are we able to get 
larger accounts? One, Second is that once we have those accounts, can we expand into those 
accounts at a faster pace and increase our wallet share of their IT spend? So that is our focus. 
And yeah, I think we are going in the right direction at this point in time. 
Nishitha 
Okay. So like, do we plan to keep to this run rate of adding six clients every quarter? 
Avinash 
I don't think this is a pattern that we can stick to. Happy to have more. But it doesn't really 
matter. As I said, you know, if I get one big customer and if I am able to, you know, have a 
potential of bringing that account to, let's say, 5 to 10 billion $ in the next couple of years, I'm 
happy to have just one only. So the count does not really matter to us as long as we know that 
whatever, whichever number of customers we are getting, they have a large potential for us. 
Nishitha 
Understood, and if you can give any guidance on the revenue for FY26 and EBITDA margin, like 
what it can be?  
Avinash 
Unfortunately, we don’t give any guidance on the revenue side and also on the EBITDA side. But 
as a company, our goal is to have at least 24% EBITDA margin maintained. So currently, we're 
doing better than that. But you know, as I said, that is our target, that if we are able to deliver a 
24% margin consistently, then we're doing good justice to the business. 
Nishitha 
Okay, understood. And this last question, it's just a clarification. You mentioned that you've 
added 90 employees. Did I hear that correct? 
Avinash 
Yes, in July to September, we added 98 net additions into the company. And when I say net it's 
after attrition. 
Nishitha 
Okay, understood. Thank you so much. Thank you 
Krunal 
So we have the next question from the line of Mr. Rupesh, sir please unmute yourself and 
proceed with your question. 

Rupesh 
Yeah, thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. And it's good to see all three of you together. I 
have got a few questions. Most of them are short, I'll quickly ask them. So what is the utilization 
level, Avinash, in this quarter? That is question number one.  
Avinash 
81% 
Okay. So I think three, four quarters back also our utilization was I think 79%. And the margin, I 
think was significantly lower than where it is today. So it looks like you finally, I think I've 
managed to get the pyramid right. So some comment around that. How are you? I mean, are we 
at the other end of the pyramid now that where margins are looking very high due to high 
utilization or this is now like the equilibrium some comment around that then i think salary hikes 
are i think in october so some some color around that what what kind of employee expense run 
rate we can see then i think last quarter you talked about two AI accelerators stanza and 
expona some some update around that and what what more we are doing in this field that is 
another question then i think europe has grown very well i think europe was 28 percent in q1 and 
now it is 31 percent in q2 so do do you see this sort of growth momentum to continue and can 
europe become 40-50 percent in you know two three years then i think we had always had 
ambition of doubling our revenue every three years i know macro and other other factors led to 
pausing that journey for one or two years but do you feel confident now that you are you are 
back on track in in that journey and in that context also if you can give some color about 
acquisitions how many deals are on the table what are you looking at and then the final is some 
update on Indore IT park project but these are all my questions, sorry I asked them all at once. 
Avinash 
Thanks for doing a good amount of work and chasing and tracking the company first, second is 
with all these questions I will invite you to Indore, so that we have a one-on-one discussion and 
I'm assuming all of these answers will take more than the half hour, a big picture here that yes 
the momentum is good, yes the goal continues to be grow at a faster pace and put the 
combination of alternative means yes we're doing better in terms of margins, but it is not just 
only that is also a factor of revenue growth i think we talked about from the past maybe three 
quarters ago that there is a certain threshold amount of expenses that you have to make in 
order to run the ship. And any income beyond that adds up significantly to the profits. So I think 
we are now crossing that number fairly well, because if you notice, the 100 crore revenue was 
just meeting the threshold of the business for the most part. Any significant growth from there is 
adding up to the bottom line directly. So obviously, it's not just only the optimization. It is more 
than that. It is good revenue growth, expansion in clients, and a lot of other things. I think we've 
talked about it in the past also. So having said that, yes, we've been able to break the stigma of 
the 100 crore quarter on quarter. We have also done a lot of strategic changes in the business. If 
you sharpen our focus, we are investing heavily in the field side for a larger orbiting growth. We 
have also been able to pass on a lot of cost to the customers. Yes, there is pressure of appraisals 
every year. Appraisals actually have been in effect now from October 1st onwards. And the 

overall impact of the cost will be about 11% to 12% on the employee cost side. So yeah, that is 
there. Sales expenses are also there because they are hiring aggressively in all the markets, US, 
North American market, German market, Middle east market, which is also resulting in revenue 
growth. So it's an environment where we continue to invest in sales, we see good momentum, we 
are able to, I would say, break the hurdles of the larger market, the micro-economics situation is 
creating worldwide. So we are able to counter that well. So having said that, I am very positive 
that we should be able to maintain our EBITDA margins and maintain our growth rates at the 
revenue side.  
Rupesh 
Yeah. How about AI accelerators, acquisitions in your project? Maybe some of them you can just 
quickly touch, yeah.  
Mitesh 
Are you able to see me okay, hear me okay?  
Rupesh 
Yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Mitesh 
Okay, perfect. See, one of the things that Siddharth touched on this earlier, when it comes to AI, 
one of the biggest advantage that we carry is our strong presence in the Silicon Valley. We are 
very close to where cutting-edge innovation is happening. And again, just to add a little bit of 
color to that, AI has gone beyond your regular large dynamic models or LLMs of change that we 
often hear about. There is a lot of movement towards context-aware AI. Our team is already 
starting to work in that direction where we start to integrate not just the text, but also the 
imagery, which includes both the pictures and the videos and also the audience. So between 
voice, picture, imagery, and text that's what creates a larger context sensitivity in the AI. For us 
to be able to do the research today, do the pilots today, and be able to offer our customer 
solutions tomorrow. That's sort of the pattern that we have been following. Again, you appear to 
be someone who is very knowledgeable in the AI space. RAD, you might have heard of 
retrieval-augmented search. It used to be a new thing a year ago. We invested heavily in it. 
Expona, as you've been tracking, was heavily built using that. That is in use today, but we know  
that's going to become a hygiene technology tomorrow. So that's sort of the pattern that we are 
following and are continuing to focus a lot of our energies on where customer needs are, where 
automation and AI combined can create that difference. And some of the new things that we 
are starting to look at, enterprises, by and large, are still trying to move, and these are larger 
ships, move that entire ship from a certain era or age to this new era of AI. It's going to take a 
lot of work, and that's what we take a lot of joy in driving. So I hope that addresses at least to 
part of what we are trying to get. 
Rupesh 

Yeah, thank you. Thank you for that. 
Krunal 
So looking to the deadline, we would be able to take the last question. So that is coming from 
the line of Mr. Nishant. So Nishant, please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
Nishant 
Hi, congratulations for the great set of numbers.  
Avinash 
Thank you, Nishant.  
Nishant 
So I studied in Indore and I've been tracking your journey right since the last decade. And I'm 
being a shareholder and I'm very proud of you like a company coming from Indore, right 
reaching those milestones. So my question was on the CapEx side. So I have read that you've 
been doing some CapEx around like a facility building or some premises or something. So I just 
wanted to know, like, what is our core focus, right? So there would be some gestation period in 
that. And yeah, just wanted to know more on that. 
Avinash 
Yeah, so Nishant, again, I invite you to our facility in Indore to know since you are here, we are 
in the Crystal IT Park. Since it is a large premises, and, you know, we've been looking at the 
development in the city and we were looking at building our own campus. So this is a place that 
we have, you know, wanted to tender. And that tender was for Pradisipra IT complex. I know if 
you're aware of that. It is in the electronics park. So we got three acres of land where we should 
be able to build four to five lakhs of square foot of IT park. And the idea is that InfoBeans can 
consume at least two lakhs square feet there. And to suit our needs to be able to create a world 
class facility so that our credibility in the eyes of our customers and our stakeholders, our 
shareholders, our employees, and our vendors should enhance the image of the business. And 
we've seen that it helps grow the business faster. Typically, a services business depends heavily 
on the trust factor. And a very good quality campus, you know, strengthens that trust factor in 
the minds of the buyer, in the mind of the customer. So in the current IT part, in the Crystal IT 
part, we are limited by the infrastructure in terms of how we can upkeep it, maintain it, and add 
certain sustainability practices, which we cannot do there because we don't own it. We want to 
do all of that in our new IT park. And it should also become a landmark in Indore. So that's the 
idea. And since there's a high cost of the land, we did a lot of math around it. And we figured out 
that we should be able to recoup the cost of construction in 11 years if we, at the current rental 
price that we're paying in the Crystal IT park. So that's the math that we did. And because of the 
business credibility enhancement, we said we should go ahead and do more.  
Nishant 

OK, great, great. So it won't impact our cash flows as such? 
Avinash 
It will not because we also take some debt. And as I said, we are generating a good amount of 
cash, so it should not hurt us in any way. 
Nishant 
OK, OK, great, great. Thank you. See you soon in Indore. 
Avinash 
Look forward to that. 
Krunal 
Thank you, Nishant. Thank you, participants, for making this session interactive. Over to you, 
Avinash and Surbhi. 
Avinash 
Thank you so much. I like people who do a lot of homework and they've been tracking us for 
quite some time. And I invite each one of you to come to Indore. We'll be happy to interact and 
show you around the campus and answer all your queries, which you would otherwise not be 
able to get answers to.  I look forward to continue to get your support and see you soon. Thank 
you so much. 
Surbhi 
Thank you everyone and now you may disconnect your lines.  
 
 
 
 
  
