 
17th October, 2025 
 
To, 
 
The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Ltd. 
Mumbai 
The Manager (Listing), 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Mumbai 
Company’s Scrip Code: 505700 
Company’s Scrip Code: ELECON 
 
Sub. : Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 13th October, 2025 
Ref. 
: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to the above referred Regulation and in continuation of our letter                           
dated 4th October, 2025, please find attached herewith the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on 13th October, 2025 for Q2 of the Financial Year 2025-26.  
 
The 
same 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.elecon.com/investors/audio-video-recordings-and-transcripts-of-post-
earnings-quarterly-calls.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Elecon Engineering Company Limited, 
 
 
 
Bharti Isarani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Isarani 
Bhartiben 
Lalitkumar
Digitally signed by Isarani Bhartiben 
Lalitkumar 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0260, 
pseudonym=13344004923474687732l9466
G99GIEd, 
2.5.4.20=c52a2198888be34c1add3d3f7036
982173c1697fa1745ed6de6567e0103054b
2, postalCode=388001, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=f4c51b6318e6acab9d278ccf
2d6ca7b880331cffa3da32bef38e61c2c76bc
835, cn=Isarani Bhartiben Lalitkumar 
Date: 2025.10.17 17:05:57 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 13, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th October, 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRAYASVIN PATEL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ELECON ENGINEERING COMPANY 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AAYUSH SHAH– NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
ELECON ENGINEERING COMPANY LIMITED 
 
MR. NARASIMHAN RAGHUNATHAN – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – ELECON ENGINEERING 
COMPANY LIMITED 
 
MR. DIPAK DALWADI – BUSINESS HEAD OF GEAR 
DIVISION – ELECON ENGINEERING COMPANY LIMITED 
 
MR. KAUSHIK PATEL – BUSINESS HEAD OF MHE 
DIVISION – ELECON ENGINEERING COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ASHWANI SHARMA – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Elecon Engineering Company's 2Q FY '26 
Conference Call, hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchstone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashwani Sharma, Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to welcome Elecon Engineering 
Management and thank you for this opportunity. We have with us today, Mr. Prayasvin Patel, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Dipak Dalwadi, Head of Gear Division; Mr. Kaushik 
Patel, Head of Material Handling Equipment division, and Mr. Narasimhan Raghunathan, Chief 
Financial Officer. 
 
I shall now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks and post which we'll 
open the Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Thank you, Ashwani. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to our Q2 and H1 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. On the earnings call today, I am joined by my colleagues, Mr. 
Aayush Shah, Non-Executive Director; Mr. Dipak Dalwadi, Business Head of Gear division, 
Mr. Kaushik Patel, Business Head of MHE Division; Mr. Narasimhan Raghunathan, CFO. The 
press release and the investor presentation has been uploaded to the stock exchanges and are also 
available on your company website. I trust you've had the opportunity to review them. 
 
Let me begin with a brief overview of the macro environment and our business positioning, 
followed by a detailed review of our financial performance, which Mr. Narasimhan, our CFO, 
will take you through. 
 Elecon Engineering continues to stand strong as the leading manufacturer of Industrial Gear 
Solutions and Material Handling Equipment. Our commitment to innovation, engineering 
excellence and deep customer relationships across key industries, including steel, cement, sugar, 
power and marine, has enabled us to remain resilient in an evolving global environment. 
 
We hold a leadership position in India's organized industrial gear market, along with strong 
foundation for delivering solutions in the MHE division since 7 decades. Our global footprint 
spans nearly 95 countries, supported by a robust distribution network and a long-standing 
relationship with key industry players. 
 
With long-standing experience and engineering capabilities, we are well placed to capture 
opportunities emerging from the ongoing capex side, both in India and overseas. As a part of 
our strategic vision, we aim to increase the share of exports to 50% of the total revenue by FY 
'30. This global ambition is underpinned by strong R&D product innovation and strategic tie-
ups with global OEMs.  
Our business is anchored by 2 divisions: Industrial Gears and Material Handling Equipment, 
each playing a distinct role in shaping our overall performance. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
The Gear division, which contributed approximately 76% of our consolidated revenue in Q2, 
delivered a steady performance, growing 9% year-on-year in revenue despite a challenging 
external environment. The domestic business continued to build on the momentum, while 
overseas business as demonstrated a resilience performance during the quarter, in spite of delays 
in order receipt and execution, primarily in select overseas markets affected by geopolitical 
volatility. 
 
However, this is a matter of timing. I want to emphasize that the underlying demand remains 
healthy, and we have witnessed robust order inflows in both markets and encouraged by the 
sustained inquiry levels, which bodes well for the future order inflows. 
 
The division is well positioned to build on this momentum, supported by improving market 
sentiment and ongoing capital investments across key industries, that is steel, power and cement, 
which is expected to drive growth. We are also witnessing encouraging order visibility in the 
Sugar segment reflecting broader industrial momentum. 
 
Having said that, we do not foresee any material impact on the business from a full year 
perspective.  
Our MHE division continued its strong growth trajectory with 33% year-on-year revenue growth 
in Q2, supported by robust demand and increased execution. This performance is driven by a 
healthy order book, largely from power, cement, mining and port sectors. 
 
As we pivot towards product supply and expand our aftermarket services, we believe this 
division will continue to deliver sustained growth in the years ahead, backed by a healthy, solid 
order backlog and a deep customer relationships. 
 
All in all, despite short- term execution delays in international markets, the business 
fundamentals remain strong, the timing difference between order intake and execution has 
temporarily impacted revenue recognition, but with a solid order book and execution pipeline 
across both our divisions provides a strong foundation and visibility for healthy growth in 
coming quarters. 
 
Elecon remains focused on driving its long-term growth strategy. We are actively diversifying 
our business portfolio and expanding our presence across new sectors and international markets. 
Our wide range product portfolio backed by strong in-house R&D and engineering capabilities 
continues to differentiate us in the industry. Our ability to deliver customized high-quality 
solution positions us well to meet the evolving and complex needs of our customers. 
 
With this, I hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Narasimhan Raghunathan, for a detailed overview 
of our financial performance for Q2 and H1 FY '26. Over to you, Mr. Narasimhan. 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. Good evening, everybody, and thank you for joining us today, it's my 
pleasure to take you through the financial highlights for the quarter and half year ended 30th 
September 2025, financial performance, Q2 FY '26. We are pleased to report a resilient and 
encouraging performance in Q2 FY '26 despite some short-term external challenges.  

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
For the quarter ended September 2025, our consolidated revenue from operations stood at 
INR578 crores compared to INR508 crores in Q2 FY '25, reflecting a growth of 14 percentage 
on a year-on-year basis. This growth was primarily driven by strong domestic demand across 
both our gear and MHE divisions. 
 
The overseas business remained flat during the quarter, impacted by timing-related delays in 
order receipt and execution due to geopolitical volatility in select international markets. 
Nonetheless, the inquiry levels in most overseas markets remains encouraging, and we expect 
execution to pick up pace in H2 FY '26.  
Domestic demand too is picking up meaningfully particularly from the core sectors of power, 
steel and cement. The domestic market contributed 79 percentage to the consolidated revenue, 
while the remaining 21 percentage came from overseas markets.  
The order intake for Q2 FY '26 is INR688 crores, a strong 28 percentage growth year-on-year. 
It is contributed by domestic market, INR516 crores, up 32 percentage year-on-year and 
overseas market INR172 crores, up 18 percentage year-on-year. This robust order inflow along 
with healthy inquiry levels keeps us optimistic for higher growth in the second half of the year. 
 
Our consolidated EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR126 crores compared to INR112 crores 
in Q2 FY '25, an increase of 12 percentage year-on-year. The EBITDA margin for the quarter 
was 21.7 percentage. EBITDA margin was impacted temporarily due to higher employee costs 
and a change in the product mix within the gear division. We expect margins to normalize in H2 
FY '26 as volumes pick up and operating leverage comes into play through recently 
commissioned capacity ramp-up and order book converts faster into revenue. 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR88 crores, representing a PAT margin of 15.2 
percentage.  
For the half year ended September 2025, after adjusting for the one-time arbitration income of 
INR25 crores recognized in Q1 FY '26 in MHE division, adjusted consolidated revenue stood at 
INR1,043 crores, up from INR901 crores in H1 FY '25. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA was INR231 crores, up from INR205 crores with an EBITDA margin of 22.1 
percentage. Apart from the above INR25 crores recognized in the revenue in Q1 FY '26, an 
additional INR10 crores was also recorded under other income as part of arbitration settlement 
and further INR80 crores was recognized as an exceptional income below PBT, representing 
unrealized mark-to-market gains from investment reclassification. As a result, profit after tax 
for H1 FY '26 including these one-time income stood at INR263 crores. 
 
Segment-wise performance. The gear division contributed 76 percentage of total revenue in Q2 
FY '26. For the quarter ended September '25, the gear division's revenue stood at INR441 crores 
compared to INR405 crores in Q2 FY '25, up 9 percentage year-on-year. This performance was 
resilient despite delays in order execution due to delay in receipt of orders from customers. We 
anticipated faster conversion of order into revenue in H2 helping us stay on track to achieve the 
full year guidance. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
The EBIT for the gear division stood at INR85 crores in Q2 FY '26 compared to INR87 crores 
in Q2 FY '25. The EBIT margin declined to 19.2 percentage in Q2 FY '26 compared to 21.5 
percentage in the same quarter last year, primarily due to the increase in employee costs and 
change in the product mix with respect to engineered and catalog products. EBIT margin was 
also impacted by accelerated depreciation on newly assets capitalized. However, we are 
confident as the revenues scale up, we will be able to recoup the margins with operating leverage 
playing out in the H2 FY '26. 
 
The order intake for the quarter was INR497 crores, reflecting a 15-percentage year-on-year 
increase. Open order book stood at INR771 crores as on September 30, 2025, providing strong 
visibility in the upcoming quarters.  
The Material Handling Equipment division continued its strong growth momentum in Q2 FY 
'26 also. Revenue for the quarter was INR137 crores compared to INR103 crores in Q2 FY '25, 
up 33 percentage year-on-year. This growth was driven by solid demand in the product supply 
and the aftermarket segments, particularly from the cement, power and port sectors. 
 
The EBIT for MHE stood at INR35 crores compared to INR26 crores in Q2 FY '25. The EBIT 
margins improved to 25.7 percentage, up from 25.4 percentage in Q2 FY '25. The order intake 
for the quarter stood at INR191 crores compared to INR104 crores in Q2 FY '25. Open order 
book for MHE stood at INR455 crores as at 30th September '25, reflecting strong growth 
prospects going forward. 
 
On the balance sheet front, we continue to maintain a robust balance sheet with strong net cash 
position of around INR600 crores, offering us significant flexibility to pursue growth 
opportunities, capex plan and navigate macro uncertainties. 
 
Looking ahead, the capex budget for FY '26 to FY '28 is estimated at INR400 crores aligned 
with our long-term strategic goals.  
Furthermore, we are pleased that the Board has declared an interim dividend of INR0.50 each, 
that is 50% per equity share of face value of INR1 each, reaffirming our commitment to 
delivering value to shareholders. 
 
To conclude, we are confident of achieving our annual guidance of achieving consolidated 
revenue of INR2,650 crores and EBITDA margin of 24 percentage in FY '26. Our strong order 
book, healthy inquiry pipeline, domestic demand momentum and anticipated acceleration in 
international execution in H2 provide the foundation for a strong finish to FY '26. 
 
With that, I would like to open the floor for questions you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Vishal Biraia from Bandhan AMC. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Sir, have any of our clients told us to delay the execution, especially in gears, domestic or 
abroad? 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Prayasvin Patel: 
The domestic market has taken some time in the beginning to take traction. However, there have 
been no incidences in the local market where they have asked us to delay the execution. On the 
other hand, in the international market, yes, there have been situations because of the geopolitical 
scenario where the customer is confident of the project that they are going to go through with it, 
but they have paused for a while. 
Vishal Biraia: 
So, when I look at -- sorry, when I look at the gears business, the revenue growth of 11% seems 
to be much at the lower end. And the contribution of international business is not very 
significant. So, on the domestic side, could you elaborate as to what is happening for gears? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
On domestic side, see, we are doing various projects, especially if you look at it in the power, 
cement sector as well as sugar. The orders quite often come in lumps. We recently received an 
order in gear in the power sector, which was one of the largest ever, which was amounting to 
INR80 crores.  
So it comes in lumps. And therefore, the -- if you look at it, these orders have come in. However, 
the execution may be for a longer duration, because the customer wants the deliveries in the last 
quarter or in the first or second quarter of next year. So those kind of situations we have to play 
around. What is important that we are confident of reaching our annual targets of top line which 
is the revenue as well as the EBITDA margins by the end of the year. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. And could you also elaborate the reason for decline in margins in the Gear business? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, it all depends on the product mix, as I told you. It not only depends on the product mix, but 
it also depends on the turnover on the top line. So, by the end of the year, it will all even out to 
the projected EBITDA that we have defined. 
Vishal Biraia: 
We used to guide for about 25% margins in the Gear business. Should that be achievable for the 
year? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes. Definitely. Once the turnover picks up in the second half as what CMD has said, the margin 
of whatever we have projected definitely is achievable. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. Thank you for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. I just want to understand the decline of margins for 
Gears divisions. Like I just want to -- if you could share that product mix side, what is the mix 
between standard products and customized products in this quarter? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, that information is always given to you. Obviously, you have to understand our product mix 
also means that it depends on the order, type of the size, ratios and the requirements, the turnover 
in aftersales products, etcetera, etcetera, okay. And the type of gears given even in whether they 
are helical, planetary couplings, okay. So various kinds of variables are there. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
However, as I told you, the margins that we have kept in various products at the end of the year, 
they will all even out to achieve our annual targets, that we are extremely confident of. It may 
even further improve more, which is a possibility. So please be rest assured that the margins will 
be made. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. Sir, we are targeting... 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Would you still like to get the breakup? If you want, we can always give it to you, of the catalog 
and custom gears. 
Balasubramanian: 
Yes, sir, definitely. 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes. See catalog products, it is 54% and engineered products, it is 46% for Q2. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. Sir, my next question is regarding aftermarket international expansion. I think we are 
targeting 50% of international revenue by FY '30. And right now, U.S. service team is in place, 
and we also planned for Europe, and I just want to understand what is the go-to-market strategy 
for winning international service repurchasement contracts? And is any targeted revenue 
contributions from International Services side, the next three to five years, timeframe? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, basically, I would put it this way that our strategy is that we go and try and get orders to 
areas and territories where we have not yet focused much on, which is South America, certain 
countries of Europe, part of -- a small part of Middle East and so forth, okay, including the fact 
that Russia also has a good position in the future etcetera. So there are various areas that we 
would like to penetrate further. 
 
The geopolitical situation is not helping the business environment. We all know there are wars 
going on, which is slowing down the situation quite often, projects are being held up. Certain 
projects are also getting canceled. Luckily, we have been the kind where our projects have not 
yet gotten -- any of them have got canceled. 
 
So -- but the scenario still seems to be dull and slow. And we are hopeful that we will be able to 
reach our targets by the end of FY '30, which is, I'm sure we'll put the entire company in a very 
different position, because we will be able to gain the strength of -- able to cater to any 
recessionary trend for years to come. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. Sir, that OEM business side, I think we are targeting EUR7 million in this year and I 
just want to understand on the customer onboarding side, is there any concerns about the margin 
dilutions to onboard new OEMs because OEMs contracts are technically competitive? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
We have considered all this situation. We are not expecting that what we had committed those 
margins, we will be able to maintain. And though the credit scenario in United States is 
fluctuating widely, day-on-day basis. However, we are confident that we will be able to achieve 
the margins that we have committed. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, my last question on the defense side, P-17 Bravo projects is nearly around INR1,000 crores 
kind of opportunities, and what is the current status of this order? And what kind of timeline and 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
for the official tenders, and like what kind of margins this kind of large different projects as of 
now? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, the P-17 Alpha is just more or less about to get commissioned. Normally, what happens is 
the ships once they are launched and they go through the exercise of trying out all the equipment 
and testing all the equipment’s and once they are satisfied with the performance of the ship, after 
which they will normally go in for the active order -- ordering of the ship as well as the 
equipment which will happen for the P-17 Beta or Bravo. 
 
And they will place orders with the shipyards. We are expecting as of now that in the third 
quarter of this year, the tenders would be floated for the ships after which, once the shipyards 
get the order, they will then contact us for the requirement of the gearboxes. We are expecting 
that by Q3, Q4 of FY 2027, that is next year, the orders for P-17 Bravo would get finalized. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Shah from ENAM AMC. 
Raj Shah: 
My first question was, sir, in the defense front, there was this P-17 Bravo large order that you 
mentioned about. And there was another order relatively of a smaller size around INR200 crores, 
about which we mentioned in the earnings call post Q1 results. Sir, so any update on that order? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Yes. That is regarding the Aircraft Carrier, okay? The Aircraft Carrier, the one that has already 
been launched, has been quite successful. So, it had been also used in the recent war that we had 
with INS Vikrant, which we had with Pakistan. However, it was not fully in action where none 
of the aircraft from there into the foreign territories. 
 
What we find is that they will go in for this requirement very shortly. The duration -- time 
duration that we expect would be either the last quarter of this year, which would be last quarter 
at FY '26 or the first or second quarter of FY '27. 
Raj Shah: 
Excellent. Okay. Another question was, sir, during the previous call, you mentioned that there 
was some pain point in the sugar sector when it comes to -- in the domestic space when it comes 
to ordering. So, any progress that has happened in the sugar sector on August? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
This year, the order inflow from sugar has been much less. It has been a bit down. However, we 
see a good number of inquiries which have come up for the next coming, which means for the 
next crushing season, which would happen in FY '27. The deliveries would take place practically 
by September FY '27. And we are hoping that we should be able to back a good number of orders 
for that requirement, which would get finalized in the month of June. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Invest Analytics Advisory LLP. 
Garvit Goyal: 
My question is on the shipbuilding part where the last quarter we talked about INR200 crores 
order happening and now the order will be coming more towards the end of this financial year. 
So is there any specific reason that the orders are getting delayed? That is one. And secondly, 
are you anticipating any big order from any marine side or the port areas? That's my first 
question. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Yes. First, the projects normally when it happens with the defense units normally gets delayed, 
okay, because there are too many agencies to coordinate with. It is the Indian Navy then the 
shipyards, the inspection agency, which would be a separate agency, then a certified body and 
so forth. 
 
So it takes a huge amount of coordination to get everyone together and finalize orders. And 
therefore, they do get delayed by 2 or 3 months very easily. They are right now delayed. There 
is a project which is likely to happen soon. How soon? That we do not know, but they are 
NGMV, which is -- yes, it is called the next-generation missile vessel. 
 
So that hopefully would get finalized soon. And right now, we are also manufacturing the units 
for the new generation petroleum vessels, OPVs as they call it, NG-OPVs. So these are the orders 
which are right now hot, and we believe that soon they will get finalized, especially the NGMV. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Got it, sir. And secondly, you mentioned the international market, order procurements are getting 
delayed. So in this environment, what is giving us the confidence that H2 will give us the 
recovery and will we be able to meet our targets because environment is still tough, right? So 
can you put some color on that? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, the pending order position is quite strong. The inquiry levels are also quite good, and the 
body language of the customers who have given us inquiry is they seem to be telling us that, 
look, we want to finalize the order soon. So that is giving us the encouragement and confidence 
that we will be able to achieve our targets. 
Garvit Goyal: 
So there can be the chances like they can further delay these deliveries, maybe before is the 
environment, right? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
There's always a possibility, but we are reasonably confident because the orders that we have on 
hand, they have not stopped us from execution. The political scenario also seems to be such that 
we all seem to be ending, especially the one in the Middle East as well as the Russian war, people 
seem to be getting fed up and wanting to bring into a positive conclusion. So rather than the 
situation deteriorating, we believe that the situation will be improved. And therefore, we are not 
worried that any of the orders would further get delayed. 
Garvit Goyal: 
And the guidance which we are targeting, we need to do INR1,500 crores in next, which 
essentially means the quarterly run rate of INR800 crores. So can you tell us like is it going to 
be a uniform execution or we should expect like in the range of INR650 crores, INR700 crores 
in Q3 and rest will be in Q4? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, we have done a fair good amount of capex and the new equipment have already started 
arriving. They are -- a lot of them have started producing for us, and we are reasonably confident 
that with the capacity increase that we have had and the new equipment, which are performing 
well, we should be able to achieve our targets with reasonable confidence. 
Garvit Goyal: 
No, sir, I'm trying to understand like is it going to be a uniform in Q3 and Q4 or it will be like 
Q3 will be a little less than Q4 and Q4 will be a major has happened in the last year? 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, Q3 normally has more holidays. That is number one. The other thing is normally when you 
try to increase the production and of course, it's slowly and gradually increase. So always Q4 
values are always higher than Q3. I presume would be also the trend this year. However, we are 
keen that we would try as much as possible to increase our turnover in Q3 so that Q4 becomes 
more and more comfortable. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
It is quite often difficult. 
Garvit Goyal: 
And one last question. You mentioned... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt in between, sir. We would request you to rejoin the queue for the follow-
up question. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kashyap Javeri from Emkay 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
First, bookkeeping question. On the international subsidiaries, if you can give some numbers for 
H1 in terms of revenue, how it has probably grown? And what has been the margins there? And 
second question is on the overall export side, I know there has been a significant amount of 
discussion here. 
 
But my question is that between 2024 to 2029 or '28, over a period of 5 years, we are committing 
about 750 -- sorry, about INR650 crores of capex. And we are doing that even at accelerated 
depreciation given that capex coming from operating leases. 
 
So one, it seems like the confidence on that export business seems to be extremely high over 
let's say, in next about 3, 4 years. So where does that come from on the longer term? And to 
surprise for that accelerated depreciation, should one assume that the EBITDA margins on now 
export business is going to be probably a bit higher than what we are doing today, given that it 
will have to be an engineered product? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, I will put it this way. Our export margins have always been better than the domestic market. 
That is number one. Number two is that these commitments or these targets that we have taken 
are the targets, which in the long term are very strategic for the company as a whole. 
 
The reason being that if we are able to achieve our targets by FY '30, which we are reasonably 
confident of doing so, it will help us hedge against recession especially domestic recession 
because what would happen is that while the inflow of orders out here reduced the orders from 
the international market would help us in sustaining not only the turnover, the top line but also 
the bottom line.  
The margins -- the EBITDA margins that we are talking about and that is extremely important 
for us to achieve. And therefore there is a lot of focus. The entire organization is focusing more 
on exports and also seeing to it that the exports are coming from various territories, different 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
territories from South America, from the Middle East, from Africa, the Far East, etcetera. So 
that you are able to automatically hedge against ups and downs in the economic activities 
globally. Have I answered your question? 
Kashyap Javeri: 
I understand that sir, but when does that -- given the fact that INR650 crores of commitment and 
accelerated depreciation because of operating leases, this also come sooner than later. And as of 
today, at least in the numbers they don't give that kind of confidence, which is why there's this 
question keeps coming up again and again because depreciation is going to be an issue if that 
does not happen. And particularly, once we spend another INR400 crores, which is why? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
See, first of all, you have to understand that this capex is coming all from internal accruals. That 
is number one. Number two is the capex that we are doing are for various reasons. It is not only 
enhancement of capacity, but it is also to take care of the wear and tear that has happened to the 
machine tools where we have not done capex in the past. It also helps you in improving your 
quality and improve your productivity.  
So that is a necessity and that happens with all engineering industry. That is number one. Number 
two is the margins that we have committed year-on-year since the last 3 years or last 4 years we 
have been able to maintain and we are confident that we will be able to maintain. 
As long as the demand is concerned, we are fully capable of rising to an occasion where if there 
is an increase in demand, we would still be able to meet with it. So these are the strengths on 
which the company is driving itself further ahead. So I do not see why it is not giving you the 
confidence when the management is fully confident. 
Narasimhan R.: 
Further Kashyap, just would like to further add few points. This INR400 crores of capex 
whatever we plan to do over a period of 3 years, not necessarily all the whole thing we don't 
plan to take it as an operating lease. Partly, it will be -- that has been historically in the past 2 
years, if you see, partly it will be funded by our own internal accruals and the balance will take 
into the operating lease. So that we will decide depending upon our requirement and what we 
would like to keep it as a reserve. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Okay. And some numbers on H1 on the subsidiary side, if at all growth number also will do, if 
not absolute top line number and the margins also if possible? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Can you repeat the question, please? 
Kashyap Javeri: 
The revenue number for the subsidiaries and their margins? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes. The revenue numbers for the quarter is INR83 crores. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Okay. And the same quarter -- sorry, H1 and H1 last year? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Just a minute. INR162 crores for the current year, H1. Last year, it is INR188 crores. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
And the margins? 
Narasimhan R.: 
only. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Sorry, I could not catch that last bit. 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, just a minute hold on. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
So INR180 crores became INR156 crores. Have I understood that correctly? 
Narasimhan R.: 
INR162 crores. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
INR162 crores. Okay. And the EBITDA margins? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes, just hold on. is what current year. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Current year, it is 12%. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Okay. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
So compared to last year, it's a 15%. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Okay, sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon. Sir, first question on -- I mean, we started this journey on onboarding 
OEMs, I guess, about 1.5 years, 2 years back. And last quarter, we had declared about 18 OEMs 
that we have onboarded. So one, how is this journey being with them in terms of -- because we 
started first providing them with prototypes and then some commercial supply? And just some 
ramp-up and conversation qualitatively, quantitatively. How has that journey been until now? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes. See, the -- Pratik, last year earlier, this thing 18 OEMs is what. During this quarter, there 
has been no additions. However, the progress on those things remain the same. We are 
developing various products and various -- is into operations also. And inquiries has also been 
good from those OEMs. 
Pratik Kothari: 
So one of the expectation was that once a year or two passes, you're expecting that there will be 
a sharp ramp-up because they were testing whatever with us and once the confidence build up, 
so are we seeing that or all of that seems delayed given the geopolitical situation? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Yes. That is the situation. However, they are promising a good number of orders because there 
have been -- most of them are saying that they are satisfied with the product that we have 
delivered. They had put it on trials and they seem to be happy. Okay. So we are now kind of 
controlling them to give us more or less. So that is the scenario rise. 
 
There are some where we have received more orders. But I would say there is nothing that we 
can say with confidence that these are large number of orders. We are expecting more from 
them, okay. Approximately a few, at least INR30 crores, INR40 crores is what we are expecting. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct, correct, correct. And sir, one question to Narasimhan. In the cash flow statement, we 
see this... 
Moderator: 
I'm so sorry to interrupt you in between. 
Pratik Kothari: 
It's my second question, ma'am and first was a follow-up. Yes. So to Narasimhan, I mean, in 
cash flow statement, we see this INR22 crores of FX loss. If you can just highlight where does 
this get booked? And what is this regarding? 
Narasimhan R.: 
This relates to the unrealized, when we translate our overseas accounts that relates to the 
unrealized loss. So that is the reason. 
Pratik Kothari: 
So this will be under other comprehensive in the P&L? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Bhandari from Asian Markets 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, this large order of INR80 crores in power sector, is this part of 
gears or gear plus MHE both? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
Only gears. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
And this is high speed gears or which type of gears? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
These are, I would say, custom built gears required for a particular process. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
So we are yet to qualify for the high-speed gears and how is our journey going on there? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
High-speed gears, we have tested the gears given it to the desired client. He has also witnessed 
it, but he has not placed further orders on us. Some are the other, he is dwindling. However, we 
are trying to tell him that everything has been satisfactory. Now you need to place more orders 
on us. So that is where the position lies. But we are reasonably confident that in a month or two, 
we will receive some orders further. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Sir, this INR80 crores of order, like, what would be the execution timeline or margin profile, if 
you could highlight? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
It would be executed within 2 years. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay. Within 2 years. And on the defense side, NGMV order is what you are expecting. What 
would be the quantum of the order? 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Prayasvin Patel: 
It is difficult to tell you right now because it will depend upon the entire pricing structure that 
would be done. But it is an order that would be reasonably good for the company to execute and 
we are looking forward to it. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
And sir, on this different thing…. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you in between, sir. I would request you to follow-up -- I'm really sorry, I 
would request you to rejoin the queue for the follow-up questions. Thank you very much. The 
next question is from the line of Navani Naredi from Naredi Investment Private Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Navani Naredi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is, as government is exploring the capabilities 
and looking to become self-reliant in rare earth production. So, what is our scope going forward 
in it? I mean do we have any scope in this line? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
We have not explored any rare earth situation as far as we are concerned. So, we are into our 
own traditional equipments as of now. However, our material handling equipments can be 
utilized for rare earth exploration. 
Navani Naredi: 
All right. And my next question is, since your investment -- total investment is around INR995 
crores. So, how are you planning to deploy these funds? 
Narasimhan R.: 
Yes. These funds we have put it in various instruments, which has been explained as safer 
instruments and considering the liquidity and safer instruments, various investments it has been 
deployed. 
Navani Naredi: 
So, like, aren't you planning any further acquisition or like any further acquisition which I am 
talking about? 
Prayasvin Patel: 
As of now, there is nothing on the horizon. However, if anything comes up, naturally, everyone 
will be informed about it. 
Navani Naredi: 
All right. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Prayasvin Patel: 
I would like to thank you all for joining this call and for your continued support. We are 
encouraged by the steady momentum across both our gear and MHE divisions. We remain 
committed to consistent execution, prudent capital allocation, focusing on high-growth 
segments, position us well for sustained performance, and we remain confident in our ability to 
build on this momentum, strengthen our market leadership and continue delivering value to our 
stakeholders, and we will continue to focus on maximizing value.  
Thank you once again for your participation and trust in us. Should you have any further queries, 
please feel free to reach out to our CFO, Mr. Narasimhan Raghunathan. Thank you and have a 
great evening. Thank you all. 

 
 
Elecon Engineering Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
