 
ANUPAM RASAYAN INDIA LTD. 
R 
 
Registered Office: 
Office Nos. 1101 to 1107, 11th Floor, Icon Rio, 
Behind Icon Business Centre, Dumas Road, 
  Surat-395007, Gujarat, India. 
       Tel.           :   +91-261-2398991-95 
       Fax           :   +91-261-2398996 
        E-mail       :   office@anupamrasayan.com     
Website    :  www.anupamrasayan.com 
CIN  - L24231GJ2003PLC042988                 
 
         
       ARILSLDSTX20251025057                                                                                      Date: October 25, 2025 
To,                                                                         
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001, India 
SCRIP CODE: 543275 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai-400051, India 
SYMBOL: ANURAS 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Submission of transcript of Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of Anupam Rasayan India Limited (the “Company”) for 
the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings Call on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter 
and half year ended September 30, 2025 held by the Company on Friday, October 17, 2025.  
 
This information is also being hosted on the Company’s website at www.anupamrasayan.com.  
 
We request you to kindly note the same and take into your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
                                                                                        
Encl.: As above 
ASHISH 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
ASHISH GUPTA 
Date: 2025.10.25 
12:16:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“Anupam Rasayan India Limited Q2& H1 FY 2026 
Earnings Conference Call” 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANAND DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. GOPAL AGRAWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. AMIT KHURANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. VISHAL THAKKAR – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL  
     OFFICER 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, good day. Welcome to Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
Earnings Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Krishna Patel from EY. 
Krishna Patel: 
Thank you, Shravani, and good evening, everyone. 
 
Welcome you all to Anupam Rasayan India Limited’s Q2FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
To take us through the results and to answer your questions, we have with us the management 
of Anupam Rasayan, represented by Mr. Anand Desai – Managing Director; Mr. Gopal Agrawal 
– Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Amit Khurana – Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Vishal Thakkar 
– Deputy Chief Financial Officer. 
 
The discussions that we may have today may contain certain forward-looking statements relating 
to future events and future performance. Numerous factors could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Please note the audio of the earnings 
call is the copyright material of Anupam Rasayan India Limited and cannot be copied, 
rebroadcasted, attributed in press or media without specific and written consent of the Company.  
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Anand Desai, Managing Director for his opening 
comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
Anand Desai: 
Thank you, Krishna, for the introduction.  
 
Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to the Q2 FY26 Earnings Call of Anupam 
Rasayan India Limited. 
 
The overall business environment has seen a notable improvement during the quarter. The 
chemical industry is witnessing a clear recovery after several challenging quarters, supported by 
easing global supply chains, stabilization in raw material prices, and a revival in end-user 
demand across key sectors. The macroeconomic sentiment in India and globally has also 
strengthened, providing a favorable backdrop for growth. 
 
Against this improving environment, I am delighted to share that Q2 FY26 has been one of the 
best quarters for our company. We delivered a stellar performance with consolidated revenue 
from operations of INR 731.4 crore, reflecting exceptional growth of 148.8% year-on-year and 
50.5% sequentially. For the first half of FY26, consolidated revenue stood at INR 1,217.2 crore, 
registering a robust 122.1% YoY growth. 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
I am pleased to highlight that within just six months of this financial year, we have already 
surpassed the total revenue of FY25, demonstrating the resilience of our business model, strong 
customer relationships, and operational excellence. Our subsidiary, Tanfac Industries, also 
delivered a strong performance during H1 FY26, reporting revenue of INR 344.7 crore, marking 
a 66.6% year-on-year growth. 
 
On profitability, the company reported consolidated EBITDA margins of ~19.5% in Q2 FY26 
and ~25.5% for H1 FY26. These margins were slightly subdued due to a few dispatches made 
from older inventory. We expect margins to normalize from Q3 onwards as new contracts and 
pricing structures take effect. Despite this temporary impact, the company remains well-
positioned to sustain strong growth and healthy profitability for the remainder of the year. 
 
Geographically, the US market has grown phenomenally for us and continues to be a key growth 
driver. Importantly, majority of our products fall under the exempt category for the recently 
imposed US tariffs, ensuring that our exports remain unaffected by cost pressures and allowing 
us to maintain competitive pricing and stable margins. Overall, 58% of our total revenue came 
from exports, reaffirming our strong and diversified global presence. 
 
Overall, this quarter truly reflects the best of Anupam Rasayan—our agility, customer trust, and 
execution strength—supported by a favorable industry environment and renewed momentum 
across global markets. 
With this, I would now like to hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Gopal Agrawal, to take you 
through the detailed operational and financial performance. Thank you. 
Gopal Agrawal: 
Thank you, Anand bhai. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us today. 
 
Indeed, it has been a remarkable quarter for Anupam Rasayan. The results clearly reflect the 
strong execution across all verticals, improved industry sentiment, and our team’s continued 
focus on growth, customer satisfaction, and operational discipline. 
 
Our order book remains healthy at around ₹14,646 crore, spread over 5–7 years. We have made 
significant progress in commercializing majority of these products during the year, and we 
expect these orders to contribute approximately ₹450 crore in revenue during FY26. 
 
In Q2 FY26, we successfully launched one new molecule in the Pharma segment, further 
strengthening our product portfolio and demonstrating our ongoing capability in developing 
complex chemistries for global customers. 
 
Speaking about the segment-wise performance: 
 
Life Science Related Specialty Chemicals contributed 84% of total revenue in H1 FY26. Within 
this, the Pharma segment accounted for 23% and registered a strong 201% YoY growth during 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
H1 FY26, primarily driven by new product launches and scale-up of recently commercialized 
molecules. 
 
Performance Materials contributed 16% of total revenue in H1 FY26, with revenue growing by 
306% YoY, supported by the ramp-up of newly launched polymer molecules and expanding 
customer engagements in this space. 
 
On the operational side, the company continues to focus on optimizing its balance sheet and 
improving working capital efficiency. As Anandbhai highlighted, we have made meaningful 
progress in reducing inventory levels by fulfilling certain specific orders — which, while 
exerting temporary pressure on profitability, have improved cash flow and asset turnover. We 
anticipate a further reduction in working capital over the coming quarters, reflecting stronger 
operational efficiency and disciplined liquidity management. 
 
Overall, the momentum achieved this quarter positions us well for sustained growth and 
profitability in the coming periods. 
 
With this, I would now like to hand over the call to our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Amit 
Khurana, to take you through the detailed financial performance.  
Amit Khurana: 
Thank you, Gopal bhai, and good evening, everyone.  
 
I would like to highlight we expect a 50%+ growth in FY26 largely attributed due to recovery 
in the agro chemicals sales and growth in polymer and pharma segment.  
 
With the receipt of ₹277.5 crore from warrants in July 2025, ₹175 crore has been used towards 
repayment of term debt, making the company net debt of ₹730 crore at consol level.  
 
On the working capital side, the numbers have improved significantly. On consolidated basis, 
from FY25, working capital days have decreased from 409 days to 247 days in H1FY26. We 
expect to close FY26 with slightly lower working capital with revenue doubling, we expect 
reduction in working capital days to 200 days in near term.  
 
We are optimistic about the outlook of the company and the industry. The management sees 
significant growth potential, especially in the polymer sector, and is open to exploring inorganic 
opportunities to expand its presence in this space. 
 
With that, I’ll now hand over to our Deputy CFO, Mr. Vishal Thakkar, to share detailed quarterly 
and half yearly financial performance. Over to you, Vishal bhai. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you, Amit Bhai. Good evening, everyone and thank you for being with us today.  

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
I’d like to share some key financial performance highlights for the quarter, before we open the 
floor for the Q&A session. I hope you’ve had the opportunity to review the detailed presentation 
and results that were uploaded on the exchanges and company website as well as. 
 
Consolidated financial highlights including Tanfac for Q2FY26: 
 
 Revenue from operations was at ₹731.40 crores as compared to ₹293.96 crores in Q2FY25; 
up 148.8% YoY. 
 
 EBITDA (incl. other income) was at ₹143.58 crores as compared to ₹82.35 crores in Q2FY25; 
up 74.4% YoY, this translates to 19.5% EBITDA margin in this quarter.  
 
 Profit After Tax was at ₹57.15 crores as compared to ₹30.62 crores in Q2FY26; up 86.6% 
YoY, this translates to 7.8% PAT margin in this quarter. 
 
Consolidated financial highlights including Tanfac for H1FY26: 
 
 Revenue from operations was at ₹1,217.22 crores as compared to ₹548.16 crores in H1FY25; 
up 122.1% YoY. 
 
 EBITDA (incl. other income) was at ₹272.78 crores as compared to ₹141.60 crores in 
H1FY25; up 92.6% YoY, this translates to 22.2% EBITDA margin in H1FY26.  
 
 Profit After Tax was at ₹105.61 crores as compared to ₹42.8 crores in H1FY25; up 146.6% 
YoY, this translates to 8.6% PAT margin in H1FY26. 
 
Our top 10 customers contributed about 81% to the revenue from operations in Q2FY26.  
 
With that, we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Meet Gada, Emkay Global Company. Please go ahead. 
Meet Gada: 
Hello, thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on achieving the company’s highest-
ever quarterly revenue. In the previous quarter, you had mentioned plans to liquidate a portion 
of the inventory, which would help drive revenue growth and reduce overall working capital 
days. I wanted to understand — what proportion of the Q2 revenue came from this inventory 
liquidation? Or was the growth driven by any LOIs coming into effect? Additionally, can the 
increase in agro-application revenues be attributed to these sales? Yes. 
 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you, Meet. So, if we look at the numbers, approximately 25%–30% of the revenue this 
quarter came from liquidation of older inventory, which we had highlighted earlier. We had been 
requesting customers for this, and this quarter we successfully achieved it. Apart from that, the 
agrochemical cycle has also turned positive, with volumes showing improvement. As mentioned 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
earlier, growth in the pharma and polymer segments is further supporting this momentum. 
Overall, you can view the revenue growth in this context, and we expect to deliver total revenue 
growth of over 50%. 
Meet Gada: 
So, on that 50% revenue growth, what should be the reasonable EBITDA margin which we 
should expect? You had guided for 26% - 28% previously. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
If you look at it, around Rs. 150 crore — roughly 30% of our revenue — comes from areas with 
comparatively lower EBITDA margins. However, going forward, we expect margins to stabilize 
around 25%, with a variation of plus or minus 1 percentage point. So broadly, that’s the EBITDA 
margin range we should be looking at.  
Meet Gada: 
Okay, got it. Can you share the breakup of performance material segment within polymers, 
electronic materials, dyes, and pigments? Because it has grown around 4x year-on-year, if you 
see. And if there is any update pertaining to Elementium contract or any inorganic acquisition 
which we are doing? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So first, the performance chemical largely is more polymer-based products, or going into the 
end market of polymers. Right now, the Elementium revenue, there is no meaningful revenue 
contributed from the Elementium LOI. And on the M&A side, as you asked, yes, we are actively 
looking for assets. And let's see where we end up on that part, at least. 
Meet Gada: 
Okay. So, one pertaining to Tanfac, the company had signed supply agreements with multiple 
companies with a revenue potential of around Rs. 750 crores annually. So I wanted to check, 
where are we in terms of execution of those projects? As the baseline period is nearing, and we 
are just 15 months away, can you throw some light on that? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
They are moving forward on that positively. The detailed one, I think I can arrange all the 
management there to really give you a detailed update on that. But they are going in the right 
direction. That is what I can say. 
Meet Gada: 
Got it. Thank you so much, Vishal. That's all from my side. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you, Meet, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishna Parwani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Krishna Parwani: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. I had one query regarding the balance sheet. Looking at the 
standalone numbers, it still appears quite bulky. Specifically, trade receivables have increased 
by around Rs. 300 crore, while inventories remain at a similar level of roughly Rs. 1,300 crore, 
or about 365 days. Could you please explain what’s driving this? Because based on your earlier 
commentary, there was supposed to be an improvement in working capital, but it seems to have 
continued rising. What’s the reason behind this trend? 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Let me first address the debtor days, as that’s an important point. On a consolidated basis, our 
debtor days have actually come down, but on a standalone basis, the figure appears higher. This 
difference is mainly due to intercompany adjustments between Anupam and its subsidiary. The 
subsidiary has received payments from customers, but those funds are yet to be transferred to 
Anupam’s books — which will happen in the current quarter. That’s why you see a difference 
of around Rs. 300 crore. Adjusting for this, our receivables have in fact improved, both in 
absolute terms and in days outstanding. I hope that clarifies the position. 
Krishna Parwani: 
Yes. So, I actually had that question, because I do not think we should look at the subsidiary 
financials. Because anyway, you have that Tanfac, which you are fully consolidating because of 
your, control even after holding 26%. But ideally, you should not be consolidating on, I mean, 
if I have to see the Anupam business, that is the standalone business, right? I do not think you 
are consolidating any other meaningful subsidiary apart from Tanfac. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, Rs. 350 crores that I am talking is not about Tanfac. It is another subsidiary. And it's the only 
one subsidiary.  
Krishna Parwani: 
Which ARIL specialty or which subsidiary are you referring to? Anupam US, Anupam Europe, 
which subsidiary are you referring to? Which is? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
It relates to our subsidiaries in the US and Europe, from where around Rs. 350 crore is due. They 
have already received payments from customers, and the amount is in the process of being 
remitted to us. This is purely a timing difference, which explains the temporary impact on our 
working capital. To clarify, this has no connection with Tanfac — I wasn’t referring to that while 
explaining the numbers. I hope that provides clarity and aligns with your understanding. 
 
Now, coming to the inventory side — we have successfully liquidated our older inventory. 
However, as we continue to expand in the pharma and performance chemicals segments, 
additional working capital investment is required to support those businesses. So, while there’s 
a reduction on one side, there’s also a deliberate investment on the other, particularly in newer 
segments like pharma and polymer, which reflects our strategic growth focus. 
 
From a revenue standpoint as well, if you compare with last year, our inventory days have 
improved significantly. Going forward, we expect this trend to continue, allowing us to support 
stronger growth. In fact, by the end of this year, we anticipate a notable reduction in working 
capital — particularly inventory — even on a standalone basis, in terms of days. 
Krishna Parwani: 
Okay, fair enough. So, I get that part, that you have to keep the inventories for the upcoming 
business or the incremental business. But even considering that 365 days of inventory is huge, 
so what's your ROCE target? Because I do not see anything more than a single-digit ROCE with 
this kind of inventories and the receivable base. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, I think one thing that we have to also look at is that as we are growing, we are only improving 
this number. And as I had said that if you look at from, compared to last year to this year, there 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
is at least over a 50% improvement in my number of days. I am, again, reiterating that we will 
continue to focus on that to improve it further. As I had earlier also mentioned, that typically our 
ROCEs, as we had also historically been seeing, if you look at it, we have been in the double-
digit more on the higher teens and over 20%. That's what we will look at it. It's just that it's a 
journey and not I can, I will have to take, as what Gopal bhai in his opening speech also 
mentioned and Amit bhai also mentioned, that over next 18 months’ time, you will see more 
meaningful results from there as well. 
 
And the trend is there. What today we can very confidently say is that if you see the performance, 
this quarter and this half has been a very strong performance. Also, if you look at it from an 
operating cash flow perspective, on a console basis, we have been over Rs. 350 crores of cash 
flow from operations. And on a standalone basis also, if we adjust for the receivables that I 
would have got from it, it would have been over Rs. 300 crores. So all in all, the business has 
started turning around not only from a P&L perspective, but also from a balance sheet 
perspective and a cash flow perspective. So now business has started giving back cash than what 
it was absorbing for the last two years. 
Krishna Parwani: 
Okay. I mean, if things are this gradual, then I am afraid that I think we might need to continue 
to borrow money, because I do not see you making more. In any case, sir, just on the financials, 
can you please upload the financials of the subsidiaries that you are referring to on your website? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So, whatever will be required, we will definitely do it. We have uploaded, in fact. We can also 
look at that. However, one comment that I would want to clarify, and the only thing that I am 
clarifying is that by the current operations, I am releasing cash and not consuming cash. If you 
look at my net debt has reduced, my cash flow from operations has increased, and it is 
significantly positive in the range of Rs. 300 crores plus. And if we continue, I think we should 
be able to continue to deliver that kind of cash flow. So, my reliance on debt is reducing as for 
the current operations. 
Krishna Parwani: 
Okay. No, because I see the standalone balance sheet, and then I am seeing an FCF negative 
there. Okay, anyway, so that's why I am referring to, is I am requesting you to upload the 
financials for wholly-owned subsidiaries then it will get clarity. Because for the time being, I 
am seeing is majority or the entire console minus standalone is the Tanfac, and which benefit 
ideally should not be accrued. Because I know you are holding 26% controlling stakes, so you 
can consolidate, but that's just masking away. But no worries. If you can upload it, then it will 
give us more clarity. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Sure. The only thing I am, again, repeating myself, but just for the clarity's purpose, if you see, 
basically, the cash, when I mentioned the improvement in the cash flow, I have, again, said that 
this cash flow I am talking about, which is due to me and not due to Tanfac. Okay? And that's 
the clarity I am giving right now also. So, if you, if I, if, let's say, which, in this quarter or in this 
month, we will be receiving that Rs. 350 crores of cash. So, if you look at that cash, which is 
basically mine, which is in my wholly-owned subsidiary and not in Tanfac, so to that extent, I 
am taking into account your suggestion or your mention. Even after that, I am saying I would 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
have done operating cash flow of over Rs. 250 crores to Rs. 300 crores. So that is what I am 
trying to say. And this quarter, when you see those numbers, you will see that the results are still 
in there. 
Krishna Parwani: 
Got it, sir. Thank you for answering my question. I wish you all the best and a very happy Diwali 
to the entire Anupam Rasayan team. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Thank you. I hope I have been able to answer it with as much clarity as I can, and wish you 
Happy Diwali to you as well from Anupam's side. 
Krishna Parwani: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Vikas: 
Question. So, my question again is, yes. Yes. So, thank you for taking my question. So, my 
question is on standalone balance sheet again. Your gross block has increased from 14 million 
in FY '22 to almost 34 billion in FY '25, whereas your EBITDA is declined. From FY '22, you 
were earning Rs. 300 crore of EBITDA, which has declined to Rs. 265 crore. So Rs. 1000 crore 
of gross block you have added, whereas there is no incremental EBITDA which has come. So 
can you throw a light on this question? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Sure. If you look back, in September 2022, we had announced a CapEx of Rs. 678 crore, which 
has now been fully completed. The revenues from these new plants will start contributing from 
here onward. Until now, these assets were not available for revenue generation — that’s one 
factor. 
 
Secondly, as we’ve mentioned in previous conference calls, over the last two years, the 
agrochemical sector faced significant headwinds, leading to a decline in our revenues and, 
consequently, a lower EBITDA — which is reflected in the numbers. 
 
However, in this quarter, we achieved revenue of Rs. 590 crore on a standalone basis. Even after 
excluding one-offs, around Rs. 100 crore of revenue came from older assets, out of a total of Rs. 
1,600–1,700 crore of potential revenue. Going forward, with our current level of capital 
investment, we are well-positioned to deliver the performance we are targeting. 
Vikas: 
So, my question was, your investments are not yielding any growth in profitability. So while 
your topline may have increased in this quarter or in this half year, your profits have not 
increased. So Rs. 1,000 crores of investments you have done is not yielding any profitability. 
That is my simple question. 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Sir, that's what I am saying, that the Rs. 1,000 crores that is invested is now asset put to use 
because it was a combination of the three plants which we have invested, which are going to 
now start yielding the revenue because those were under construction. And that's the reason you 
are seeing the increase in the gross block, which now going forward, you will see the results of 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
those. So the addition of Rs. 1,000 crores or whatever that the additional CapEx is basically 
going to yield results from going forward. And those were the investments which will now yield 
results. 
Vikas: 
Okay, so my second question is like, again, coming back to inventory, on a standalone basis, 
when we see your inventory holding period, it is more than 700 days. Well, all the competitors 
who are in similar rating category, their holding period is less than 150 days. So what can be the 
reason for such a large deviation when the competitors are not increasing their inventory? Why 
you are increasing your inventory? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
Okay, so the first answer that, see, I would not try and make any comments on how -- what is 
the business model of my peers. And I will leave it to their business model. As we had said in 
our past and earnings calls as well and that primarily for the last two years, because my agrochem 
cycle had gone down and the revenues were lower, the inventory that was there, the customers 
have, these are all inventories which are basically underwritten by the customers. However, the 
customers, because of their own channel inventory liquidation, they had requested to defer the 
supply, which is where the inventory has been on our balance sheet. 
 
Now, as we go, those inventories are getting liquidated. As we mentioned in this call also, over 
Rs. 150 odd crores of those inventories have been liquidated. And going forward, you will see 
those numbers being more in line with what we would expect ourselves to be, which, if you look 
at, we are classically looking at around about 200 plus or minus 20 days as a working capital 
cycle in the near-term, and then improving from then on. So that's what we have been saying. 
And if you look at from the last two quarters that we have been mentioning, that journey has 
started. And it is playing out exactly what we had anticipated. And we believe that the journey 
will continue and we will be able to deliver what we have promised. 
Vikas: 
But, excuse me, but there is a deterioration in your debtors receivable also. So in FY '22 when 
we see your total debtors receivable was 97 days. Whereas in FY '25 and in March, it is 266 
days. So what can be the reason for your debtors is not paying up or paying up with so much of 
delay? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So that's again, when I had mentioned it in the last call, or when we did the FY '25 call, we had 
mentioned that, that basically when you have a headwind, so when the market sales performance 
is lower, the customers will request for a longer cycle, longer payment cycle also, and which we 
have accommodated for some time because of the historical relationship of 20 or multi-decadal 
relationships, which we have accommodated. And today, if you see that, debt days are getting 
compressed, and as I mentioned, currently the day for me is 107 days, which is fairly similar to 
what I have seen in FY '22. 
 
So yes, things, when there is a headwind in the market, your balance sheet gets a little impacted 
or gets impacted, which is now in the process of improvement. So if you look at the trend, yes, 
we can take two different timeframes. But today, if you look at it from last six months to now, 
which is the period that we are talking about today, the performance has been fairly strong with 

 
Anupam Rasayan India Limited 
October 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
an operating cash flow of over Rs. 350 crores, and a number of days on the receivable side also 
strengthening strongly. 
Vikas: 
Sir, one last question, if I may. So what is the reason for increasing pledging of shares by the 
promoters? 
Vishal Thakkar: 
So that is purely and purely promoter has raised money to participate in the preference allotment, 
and that is where it is, basically, right? So there is no other reason for any pledge on any, any, 
any other reasons for that. I hope I have clarified. 
Vikas: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Anand Desai: 
Thank you. On behalf of management of Anupam Rasayan India Limited, thank you all for 
joining us on our post-earnings call today. We hope we have been able to address majority of 
our queries. If you have any further more queries, please reach out to our Investor Relation 
partner, Ernst & Young, and they will be happy to answer those questions and also help you 
connect with us offline. And wish you all a very happy Diwali. And with that, we will close the 
call. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Anupam Rasayan India Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your line. 
