 
Marksans Pharma Ltd. 
11th Floor, "GRANDEUR", Opp. Gundecha Symphony, Veera Desai Extension Road, Oshiwara, 
Andheri (W), Mumbai - 400 053 Tel.: +91 22 4001 2000  
E-mail: companysecretary@marksanspharma.com 
www.marksanspharma.com 
 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Subject: Transcript of investor(s)/analyst(s) meet – Q2 FY26 Unaudited Financial Results 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, kindly find enclosed herewith transcript of the 
investor(s) / analyst(s) meet on Q2 FY26 Unaudited Financial Results held on November 14, 2025 at 
05:00 pm. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company under the link: 
https://www.marksanspharma.com/earnings-call-transcripts.html  
 
We request you to take the aforesaid on records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Marksans Pharma Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Harshavardhan Panigrahi 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code: 524404 
   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
   Listing Department  
   Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
   Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
   Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051. 
   Symbol: MARKSANS 
 
H 
PANIGRAHI
Digitally signed 
by H PANIGRAHI 
Date: 2025.11.21 
11:43:41 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Marksans Pharma Limited Q2 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MARK SALDANHA - FOUNDER CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, MARKSANS PHARMA LIMITED 
MR. JITENDRA SHARMA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MARKSANS PHARMA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NITIN AGARWAL - DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Marksans Pharma Q2 FY'26 Earning 
Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. 
As a reminder, all the participant lines will be in the lesson-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference has been recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Agarwal. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. A very warm welcome to Marksans Pharma's Limited Q2 
FY'26 Post Results Earning Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. 
On the call today, we are representing Marksans Pharma Management, Mr. Mark Saldanha – 
Founder, Chairman and Managing Director, and Mr. Jitendra Sharma – Chief Financial Officer. 
I will hand over a call to Mark to make the opening comments and we will open the floor for 
questions. Please go ahead, Mark. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you, Nitin. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our H1 and Q2 FY'26 
Earning Conference Call. We sincerely appreciate your interest and continued support for the 
Company. 
I am pleased to share that the Q2 FY'26 has been a strong quarter for the Company, reflecting a 
healthy recovery from a softer Q1. The revenue grew 16% sequentially, driven by improved 
demand across key markets and improved operational execution. In the U.S., we delivered a 
robust performance despite micro headwinds. A strong order book moved into execution and 
new launches in digestive health and pain management helped meaningful traction. It's 
encouraging to see that the tariff-related uncertainties have now stabilized, indicating that the 
business sentiment is returning to normalcy. Price erosion for Rx products remains in low single 
digits, which gives us confidence in sustaining this momentum. 
The UK business delivered stable results and saw improvement in demand. Even with the 
ongoing pricing pressure, during the quarter, our UK subsidiary Relonchem received three new 
marketing authorizations from U.K. MHRA. These approvals will strengthen our product 
portfolio and support growth in the coming quarters. Our goal to double U.K.  revenues over the 
next 5 to 7 years remain firmly on track. 
On profitability, EBITDA and PAT grew 44% and 70% quarter-on-quarter, supported by 
operating leverage and improved cost efficiencies. We also received several important 
milestones during the quarter. Our Unit 2 facility in Verna, Goa, which was first with the Teva 
Pharma, successfully completed a U.S. FDA inspection with zero form 483 observation, 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
reaffirming our strong compliance standards. Additionally, CARE rating upgraded our long-
term credit rating to CARE AA- with a stable outlook underscoring our sound financial position. 
As we enter the second half of FY'26, we do so with a strong momentum and renewed 
confidence. With improved demand, a robust product pipeline, and a sharper operational 
discipline, we are well positioned to sustain growth to the remaining part of this year. We remain 
steadfast in our commitment to quality, innovation, and sustainable growth, building the 
Company that we consistently create value for our sharedholders. With this, I'd like to hand it 
over to Jitendra for a detailed update on the numbers. 
Jitendra Sharma: 
Thank you, sir. In Q2 of FY'26, our operating revenue stood at Rs. 720.4 crores, an increase of 
12.2% year-on-year compared to Rs. 642 crore in the same quarter last year. The revenue from 
the U.S. and North America market stood at Rs. 387 crores, an increase of 27% on a year-on-
year basis, supported by new product launches across the digestive and pain management 
segments. U.K. and EU formulation recorded revenue of Rs. 245 crores. Australia and New 
Zealand market recorded revenue of Rs. 61.3 crores. The rest of the world revenue stood at Rs. 
26.5 crores. The gross profit for the quarter grew to 7.4% year-on-year to Rs. 411.8 crores with 
a gross margin of 57.2% compared to 59.7% last year, primarily reflecting product mix and 
pricing pressure in the UK. We recorded EBITDA of Rs. 144.5 crore in Q2 FY'26. The EBITDA 
margin for the quarter stood at 20.1%, a decrease of 108 basis point year-on-year and increase 
of 391 basis point from the previous quarter. EBITDA margin improved sequentially due to 
operating leverage and improved cost efficiencies. Profit after tax was at Rs. 99.1 crores, an 
increase of 1.4% year-on-year. EPS for the quarter was Rs. 2.2. 
Moving to H1 of FY'26 performance: 
In H1 of FY'26, our operating revenue stood at Rs. 1,340.4 crore, an increase of 8.8% compared 
to Rs. 1,232.5 crore in the same period last year. The U.S. and North America market recorded 
revenue of Rs. 714.8 crore, up by 28.8% on a year-on-year basis and contributing 53% of our 
total revenue. U.K. and EU market revenues stood at Rs. 449 crore, contributing 34% of the 
revenue. Australia and New Zealand revenue recorded Rs. 118 crore of revenue. The rest of the 
world market recorded revenue of Rs. 58.2 crore. Contribution from these two markets stood at 
9% and 4% respectively. The gross profit was at Rs. 770 crore, up 8.1% year-on-year. The gross 
margin of 57.4% slightly lowered by 35 basis points compared to last year. EBITDA for the 
period was at Rs. 244.6 crore. EBIDA margin stood at 18.2% compared to 21.4% in H1 of FY'25. 
The decline is primarily due to an increase in employee expenses due to the headcount additions 
at the facility acquired in Goa. Profit after tax was at Rs. 157.3 crore. EPS for first half was at 
Rs. 3.5. 
In H1 FY'26, the cash generated from operation came in at Rs. 75.2 crore. The CAPEX during 
the period was at Rs. 73.2 crore. Our working capital cycle improved to 150 days as tariff-related 
disruptions eased and inventory normalizations began. We expect further improvement in the 
coming quarters. We spent Rs. 26.2 crore in R&D in H1 of FY'26 which amounted to 2% of the 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
consolidated revenue. We continue to remain debt-free and the cash balance stood at Rs. 666.5 
crore as of 30 September of 2025. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions-and-answers. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Ahmed from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have a few questions. To start with, currently, how does the U.S. 
orderbook looks like and how has been the offtake in the new season? And in a similar context, 
how do you see utilization trends for unit 2 moving? And a parallel question to this is, are the 
new product launches in the digestive in newer areas from the new site? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Our orderbook right now stands at between $225 to $230 million, so that's quite strong. And our 
unit 2 is progressing. We are very close to Rs. 500 crores in terms of revenue based on our last 
two months statistics. The order book from unit 2 will basically now take momentum as the U.S. 
FDA and everything has been cleared. So it will grow in 2026. So we are expecting better growth 
in 2026 coming in. So basically, our product portfolio is strong. We are still very much in tune 
of hitting our objectives and commitment that we have given historically. 
Ahmed: 
And for the U.K. business, how do you see the market conditions currently? Has there been any 
change in the pricing environment, the volume offtake? And how are the new product launches 
picking up in U.K.? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So the U.K. obviously, we have had tremendous price erosion and pricing pressures in U.K. But 
with new product approvals coming into play, we are looking at a better tomorrow. We are very 
optimistic on our growth strategy of doubling our revenue in the next 5 to 7 years. So our product 
pipeline is very strong and healthy. And we have done a lot of filings. We are expecting 
approvals. And as you can see, every quarter, we are getting these approvals in place. These 
approvals are not so much topline drivers, but they are more bottom-line drivers. And with 
regards to season, obviously, this is the peak season in the Western markets, in Europe, as well 
as in the U.S. So we do see this quarter and the following quarter being much better than the first 
quarter. 
Ahmed: 
And lastly, on the Europe side, how are we making progress in terms of organic and inorganic 
initiatives to build out business in Europe, if you can give some comments on that? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So Europe, basically, we are looking at expanding our geographies. And we have been looking 
for M&As. But we have actually started our operations in Germany. We are focused on four 
countries in Europe, prima facie. And in 2026, we would get our operations started, either 
organically or inorganically in these four countries. Germany, we have not managed to close an 
acquisition. We have decided to enter the market through organic route. And our present office 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
setup is in progress. Our employees are being hired, as we speak. And we are looking at FY'26 
starting operations in Germany. 
Ahmed: 
I have a few more questions. I will jump back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aditya Pal from MSA Capital Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Pal: 
Hi, thank you so much for giving me the opportunity. And congratulations on a great set of 
performance. Really wonderful that you have come back on a steady state again. Majority of my 
questions have been answered. Just wanted to do a bit deeper on Europe. So how are we thinking 
in terms of if you can enter those four countries? One, obviously, is Germany. Second is, when 
can we start seeing revenues coming from the European geography? And third is, the strategy 
remains the same where we will target the large customers and the business that we are doing 
with U.S. customers? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, the market is slightly different in Europe in each. And within Europe, each country has a 
different market. So we would have to tailor make our strategies based on the market dynamics. 
Germany, obviously, as everyone is aware of, is more tendering market. So there are a couple 
of European countries which follow the Germans' way of tendering. Then there are certain 
markets that are a little more branded and a little more diversified, like U.K. So we would be 
basically targeting four major countries in regions within Europe. And from there, we will be 
adopting a strategy based on the market dynamics. We would always leverage our low-cost 
manufacturing base. So our strategy will be in line with what we have historically done in the 
U.K. and in the U.S. So we are not deviating from that strategy. And we would be, like I said, 
we will be leveraging our facilities out of India, both our facilities out of India to service these 
markets. So we do see, from a revenue standpoint of view, obviously, we are starting. For 
example, Germany, we are organically starting. And our operations would be full flow in the 1st 
Quarter of '26. But you will see results probably in the second half of '26 coming from the 
German market and from the European market. 
Aditya Pal: 
Understood. And sir, what I understand is that our current capacities can take up to, have a 
revenue capacity close to 4,000 odd crores. How are we thinking about adding new capacities? 
There's a land bank that we have with Teva, but Teva is where we can expand. And subsequently, 
we have in our other Goa plant as well. So if you can just touch base upon that thing of the plant 
expansion? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So basically, our earlier plant in Goa we have a plot next door which we are looking at acquiring. 
We are strategically planning to expand our present infrastructure and in tablets in our old plant 
to 2.5x and our soft gels to about 3x from where we have. But this project we will undertake in 
2026 from a CAPEX point of view. And we would have to spend a bit of CAPEX to look at us, 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
to take us beyond 4,000 crores, like you rightly said. Based on our capacity that we are sitting 
on, I think 4,000 crores is very much achievable. And beyond 4,000 crores, we would need to 
invest into infrastructure again. And either we acquire a facility, which is easier said than done, 
or we construct one. But the cheapest way would be to basically expand on the land banks, like 
you rightly said, and come up with blocks with shared infrastructure. This obviously helps us in 
operating leverage also. But more than anything, by just shifting capacity into these blocks, we 
can literally double if not triple our capacity from where we are. So we are hoping in somewhere 
in the end of 2026 to have a capacity of nearly 1.2 to 1.3 billion tablets coming out of our old 
plant. Right now it is at between 700 million and 800 million. So we are looking at 1.3 billion 
of tablets, and then we are looking at probably 3x the capacity of our soft gel being enhanced 
out there. 
Aditya Pal: 
Just last question before I go back in the queue. Just wanted to understand from you now the 
capacity that we have. When we are negotiating or when we are discussing with existing and 
new customers in the U.S. does this discussion come up that if they are a bit hesitant to give us 
a large order, even though they want to shift it to a low-cost manufacturer in India? 
Mark Saldanha: 
No, that question does not come. Because today we have ample capacity to see us through for at 
least 1 year to 2 years. Our Teva plant, I would say, is basically 30%, if not less utilized. So we 
have a huge scope of expanding our product portfolio. So I don't think if there is an opportunity 
they would consider us as prime manufacturers. They would look at us favorably. The last six 
months has been, as I've said in my previous earning call, the last six months, the uncertainty is 
revolving tariffs over the stumbling block. But now with clarity coming emerging out of there, 
I think sentiments are returning back. 
Aditya Pal: 
Perfect. Wishing the team all the very best. Thank you so much. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Deepesh from Maanya Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Deepesh: 
Regarding the tariffs, what you mentioned, since there is a clarity on the US tariff, has it helped 
with the reduction of competition and pressure in the U.K. market also? 
Mark Saldanha: 
It will take some time. See, clarity on U.S. tariff has come into play right now. And the 
sentiments globally will improve in due course of time. It has unnerved the global sentiments by 
itself. But a lot of companies like us looked at and are still focusing on different geographies for 
the reason of uncertainty in the US. Even today, in the first half of this call, we have been talking 
about other geographies like Europe and other market. But that drive from Indian companies to 
explore different geographies will remain there because of the economy and what the US is 
witnessing today. One is obviously tariffs, which we talked about. The second is obviously 
inflation and more into recession type of things that most of the companies try to avoid. But that 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
said and done, the U.S. is still a growth driver. We still have done well in this year and we will 
continue to do well. We still have a very aggressive outlook. I know last six months has been 
with a pinch of uncertainty. But now with clarity emerging, I think we will be back on track to 
hit our objectives. We are still targeting 300 million in a three years. 
Deepesh: 
300 million order book? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Order book, yes. 
Deepesh: 
And if you can give us a guidance? 
Mark Saldanha: 
In couple of years, not right now, so not this year. 
Deepesh: 
As in by FY'28? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, we are hopeful. 
Deepesh: 
Can you give a guidance for, I mean, you mentioned that you're planning to get to around 3,000 
crores of revenues by next year. But can you give a longer time guidance of where, what is your 
longer term targets? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Obviously, if you ask, I mean, we have a business module that will take us to 5,000 crores, but 
it's not going to happen in the next two to three years. It will need a longer duration, maybe five 
to seven years, looking at that horizon. 
Deepesh: 
Okay, so by FY'30, we should expect around 5,000 crores of revenues. 
Mark Saldanha: 
That's fair to say. 
Deepesh: 
Okay. Now, my question was around for the rest of the world business, especially in the MENA 
countries, having a lower base also, but we haven't really grown over there. Is there particular 
reason that, I mean, our focus is not right now on these countries and more on UK and more on 
US? I mean, it's a very small base. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, it is a small base and looking at the opportunities and drive right from inception, it's been 
more into the Western markets. So obviously, we do see an easier penetration. Our infrastructure 
is more positioned to service these markets. So resources, infrastructure, product pipelines are 
more focused into these huge markets that we are catering to. If you ask me while you're right, 
MENA is, I mean, has been a small base. It will keep growing for us. So we will continue to 
have our nominal growth, it will still be a relatively small percentage looking at the other market 
potentials and where we are in these markets and what we can do to take a leap in those markets. 
So I mean, I do see other markets going at a faster pace, including US, Europe being a fantastic 
market for us to look at growth. And let's not forget UK also, we have our strategy to double our 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
revenue from where we are. But what's easier said than done, a lot of approvals are needed and 
business has to take shape to take us to another level. And that's what we are working hard for. 
Deepesh: 
Because you mentioned in your previous answer that you're looking at other markets also apart 
from US and UK. So will the MENA countries will be our focus or will Australia and New 
Zealand will be more focus point? 
Mark Saldanha: 
See, Australia and New Zealand are all smaller markets. MENA will be a focus to grow if you're 
looking at that region from that angle. But if you look at the whole geography, I think our growth 
will come from our core markets that we are strong in. And besides the core markets, we are 
looking at the growth to come from Europe, which is still a virgin territory for us. So we do see 
these being, we are launching also Canada by 2026. So we do, it's a smaller market, but I think 
it will be at, we will be targeting such markets also, smaller markets. But I do see Europe being 
besides the countries that we are strong in today. I do see Europe taking shape in the next two to 
three years as a very prominent contributor to the revenue. 
Deepesh: 
Specifically Germany? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Germany and the rest of Europe. Obviously Germany is the largest market in Europe. So yes, 
Germany followed by four countries that we are focusing on. 
Deepesh: 
Great. Thank you so much, Mark. All the very best. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Public 
Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Mark, I want you to elaborate a little bit on this 
uncertainty that you highlighted, right? While we understand that, maybe customers as well as 
companies like us have been slightly not sure as to how should we go about. But when you talk 
to customers, what are they saying in terms of if in case the worst case scenario were to play out, 
how do they engage with you or are there any alternative modes of mechanism which you guys 
are working on? 
Mark Saldanha: 
When you say worst case scenario, this is regarding what context? 
Prolin Nandu: 
No, you're talking about that still that tariff uncertainty is still there in the market, right, in a way. 
So, I just wanted to understand, just add a little bit more granularity on the same, right, in a way 
where we have to cater to an end market, right, in a way. So, where is that uncertainty? Which 
aspect of the business is that uncertainty there right now? 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Mark Saldanha: 
I must emphasize that that clarity has emerged. The uncertainty has diluted to a great level 
because the current administration has made it clear that pharma tariffs are not going to come, 
tariffs are not going to be put on pharmaceutical products. And even whatever investigation they 
are doing on that sector, they are not going to pursue it with regards to any pharmaceutical tariffs. 
So, I think the generic outline and the tariffs on the generic part of it, on the pharmaceutical part 
of it, I think that clarity has now come in the last one and a half months. So, I think people are 
now just beginning to realize that the risk is not there like what they assumed it was. You see, I 
mean, in the last three months, things took a back turn where India was hit with tariffs of 50%. 
And so, things were very, I mean, I can't stress more, were very uncertain in the last six months 
because while tariffs started in April, then things took from a back to worst turn where India was 
concerned. Now, things are shaping better for India because we have talks offers being 
introduced and probably a trade deal happening. But nevertheless, while the rest of the industries 
would probably have a better, far more impact on the tariffs, the pharmaceutical, we have 
relatively escaped the brunt of the tariffs and uncertainty whether pharma would come into the 
tariffs because there was a lot of talk two months back. I think that has been put to rest and 
clarity has emerged that pharma will not come into the tariffs. So, if you had asked me a month 
and a half back, two months back, my answer would have been, I would probably be answering 
you differently. But today, I have the confidence to say that that has been put to rest. So, when 
clients do approach us, some of them are very well educated with what is going on. Some are 
not updated with that fact. We do emphasize on the fact and we are seeing a better traction than 
what we were seeing maybe a month back. That said, there are a few plans which are printed 
that whether the administration will change their mind tomorrow, which is always the case, it's 
been happening all the time. But I don't see tariffs coming into play now. I think the worst is 
behind us where that is concerned. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Thank you so much, Mark, for that. And second question would be just on your working capital, 
So, while we had some inventory issues and UK related issues in Q1, even in Q2, our working 
capital days are close to 150, which is higher than our average of let's say 125 to 130 days. So, 
do we expect that? I mean, nothing has changed fundamentally in the business, which will entail 
a higher working capital, right? We should get back to 125 to 130 days. 
Mark Saldanha: 
We should. But we consciously built up because of this uncertainty of tariffs. So, we consciously 
took a call of being very heavy on our inventory, on our stock holdings, so that in case things go 
south, we at least have enough of inventory to sustain till we take proactive actions to meet the 
new world or the new requirement, you can say it. So, we did increase a lot of our inventories 
and that's where the working capital did increase to a great extent. It will take time. It may take 
us a few months to come down to that level because we were sitting on nearly five to six months 
of stock. So, I think we should see better days, but it's not going to happen like in a month's time 
or two months. 
Prolin Nandu: 
But let's say, for example, Q1 FY'27 onwards, the normal run rate should resume, right? Is that 
a great assumption? 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Jitendra Sharma: 
Yeah, I think so. Definitely. Now, it has started coming down already. So, if you see the levels 
from Q1 to Q2, already the trend has started showing. So, I think in next two to three quarters, 
it should come back to 120-130 days. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Thank you so much, team. That's it from my side, all the very best. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nitin Agrawal from DAM Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agrawal: 
Thanks for taking the question. Mark, on the UK business now, I think you've seen Q1 and the 
recovery in Q2 gone by. I mean, what are your thoughts really speaking on what happened in 
Q1 and are you clearing things now, this was sort of one of which happened and then we should 
be and Q2 is a more normalized base for us to think about UK as we go forward? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, Nitin, a fair question. Q1 was a one-off, you can put it that way. Q2, we are back on 
schedule, like you said, and Q3 will be better than Q2. I can tell you that for certain. Again, Q4 
will be more seasonal, where you can't compare it compared to Q3. But we are back on track 
and moving forward with all these new approvals coming in place. Our foundation is getting 
only stronger, so it's not getting weaker. So we are going to make progress. This is just a gestation 
time when we consolidate, we stabilize, and then we move on onwards. So Q1 has been 
historically for various reasons, difficult to pinpoint, but for various reasons, sudden from season 
to global uncertainties, to geopolitical issues, Q1 was a challenge. But now, like you see, Q2 is 
better and I do believe Q3 will be better than Q2 for UK. And there on, I think we will see a 
better 2026 than 2025 for UK. So our growth trajectory, we are still very confident on the UK 
market, and we are still very bullish in our growth pattern.  
Nitin Agrawal: 
And secondly Mark, on the UK itself, so when you talk about some of the relatively higher value 
product driving growth in the UK going forward, when do you see some of such launches starting 
to have like a more meaningful impact on the UK business and the overall probability for the 
business for us? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Are you looking at the second half of 26? 
Nitin Agrawal: 
This is calendar '26. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Financially year, you could say. 
Nitin Agrawal: 
In Q3 and Q4, are you starting seeing the newer approvals begin to impact on? 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Mark Saldanha: 
So we are looking at Q3 of 26. Q1 is again going to be a bad season, right? So it's difficult to 
say that Q1 is going to, because that's April, May, June, which is like literally probably the worst 
months in the pharma industry. 
Nitin Agrawal: 
Okay. And when you say that you're going to be doing both value added products, high margin 
products in the UK, what is the nature of these products? In general, as a quantitative thing? 
Mark Saldanha: 
You're talking about the nature of the products? 
Nitin Agrawal: 
I mean, what makes them high margin products? And are they limited competition products, 
different presentations and overrules? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, they are limited. It's a mix of everything, not only limited. There are very niche molecules, 
very limited competition, and they are more formulation driven complexities that are there in 
those molecules, which will probably give us that edge. But those molecules size, the market 
sizes are very small and niche, like I mentioned. But like I said, there are no players, either there 
are no players or there is only one player that we have to take on. So it does give us that leverage 
and to say that, okay, while the topline may not have a substantial difference, but the bottom-
line will be seen. But when you go and when we are working on over 200 molecules, right? So 
when you start looking at a lot of product approvals coming in place, and every product 
contributing a small portion, it becomes a large portion eventually once these products unfold, 
once these revenues start unfolding of new molecules. So an individual product may not be a 
big market size in terms of the topline, but if when you talk of collectively 50-80 products, then 
that makes a lot of difference. 
Nitin Agrawal: 
And if I can squeeze in the last one, on the US, now the growth in the US largely will be driven 
by what your current set of approvals, or it will be more driven by newer launches or newer 
approvals? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Both. We are still filing products. We are getting approvals. The Teva approval, the USFDA 
approval is strengthening our foundation. Now we have two plans to service from a de-risk point 
of view. It is perfectly situated where we can produce products in either of our plants. So it does 
put us in a stronger position. Probably we will put a lot of our investors into have a better 
confidence that now all eggs are not in one basket. So yes, we are expecting approvals from the 
new plans also to come in in '26. So technically, it's a basket of newer products and obviously 
new accounts coming into it. We have been having our data with new accounts, but like I said, 
last six months has been with a lot of uncertainties, which people who are waiting and watching 
how things are unfolding, now I think a bit of clarity has emerged. So people are much more 
proactively discussing now. 
Nitin Agrawal: 
Thank you so much. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you. 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sudarshan from ASK Wealth Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sudarshan: 
Thank you for taking my questions and congrats on good set of numbers. My question is as 
strategy today when we are seeing US markets and what are the things going around and you 
talked about diversification in terms of geography, I see that we have also taken 100% stake to 
increase exposure to Dubai. Given that we have cash on books, and we are moving up the value 
chain in terms of product launches, your take on newer markets with existing products and 
getting new products into newer markets. How are we looking at it organically and also utilizing 
the cash on books too has any market presence in both these categories? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So when you talk of new geographies, whether we like it or not pharmaceutical is all about 
investing first and seeing returns after a couple of years. So all these new markets, whether you 
look at organically or inorganically, inorganically, obviously you pay a higher valuation in what 
you acquire. But organically is also not very cheap. And when you talk of cash on books, in 
crores, it looks very big, but then you convert them into euros or in pounds or in dollars, they 
are not all that big. Then you talk of getting into a new continent or a new geography by itself. 
So we are looking at expanding our geographies into Canada, into Europe, into four different 
countries into Europe. So there will be a lot of investment from our side, both organically, and 
we are keeping a corpus that we are looking, as we talk, also, we are looking at smaller M&As 
across Europe to be concluded in '26. So we are aggressively pursuing that. So we do see that 
resources going for both organic as well as inorganic. And then let's not forget that once we see 
us trending towards 4,000 crores, we cannot sit and wait for us to hit 4,000 crores. So maybe 
once we cross 3,000 crores, we will probably have to start looking at infrastructure in terms of 
manufacturing capabilities to take us to the next level, maybe 5,000 odd crores. So we have to 
plan at least one to two years in advance. And that's what I mentioned Pharmaceutical is such an 
industry where you invest today to see returns probably up to two to three years. 
Sudarshan: 
Sure. And two things on the cost. If I look at the cost, I think the other costs we have done fairly 
very good job in terms of curtailing the cost. If I am looking at almost five to six quarters, 
irrespective of the topline, we are able to manage the cost around that between that 155 to 160 
odd crores. One is, of course, I understand as Teva facility keeps ramping up, you get operating 
leverage and therefore that's fixed. But even as an absolute cost, can you talk a little bit more 
about what initiatives you have taken, which is yielding to the additional margins apart from the 
Teva operating leverage? And the second is if I take a little bit longer term vision as you move 
towards the 5,000 crores, today, we are between 19% to 20% margin. Clearly, incrementally, we 
are looking at higher value products and operating leverage coming in. So how do we see the 
margin trajectory as we touch that 3,000 crores to 5,000 crores? 
Mark Saldanha: 
The operating leverage will get better only when we grow up. But at the same time, you're right. 
The operating cost does go up and you talk of newer markets, when you talk of newer 
infrastructure, it does temporarily go up till the leverage starts kicking in. It does not stop unless 
you believe that, oh, well, we have now conquered the world and we are now going to grow 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
from an infrastructure point of view or job-ready point of view. And now we just consolidate 
and grow on sale. So as long as the company is aiming to have a robust growth plan in place of 
doubling or working towards doubling the revenue, you will always see that while operating 
leverage kicks in, the cost also will go up. But then again, once we stabilize that country, it will 
again, operating leverage will kick in in that country. In terms of when we talk of Germany, we 
are starting an organic operation out there. So we will have to invest into people, into filings, 
into infrastructure. And then obviously, you'll probably see returns coming in when revenue 
starts coming in. So on one side, you'll have the Teva plant, like you said, operating leverage 
kicking. On the other side, you'll have the cost going up because we are expanding new 
territories. It would have obviously made a lot sense if we acquired a company and you have 
already operating leverage there and you can just grow from there. But when you talk of organic 
growth plans, definitely initial investments are a little higher, especially where cost is concerned. 
When you talk of new infrastructure starting from ground zero, then operating leverage takes a 
bit longer because initial years is all about construction costs, people being deployed, production 
yet have to start, or commercialized, or approvals yet have to come. So we do have that chicken 
and egg situation. But that said and done, I do believe that our margins will be sustainable and 
will grow slightly with obviously our revenue growing up and operating leverage. It's not going 
double because that's what we are aiming for. But you will see an upward trend with the revenue 
increasing. 
Sudarshan: 
Sure. Thanks a lot. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nirali Shah from Ashika Stock Service 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nirali Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know on the capacity, you indicated that the old 
plant is currently at around 700 million tablets, and we are expecting it to move to around 1.2 to 
1.3 billion. Then there's a plan to scale this to three times of the current level. So based on this, 
any quantifying the CAPEX that will be required for us to get to 3x of the tablet capacity and 
the phasing of this CAPEX over FY'27, FY'28? 
Mark Saldanha: 
So we need to clarify that. So our present capacity of our old plant is at 700 million-800 million 
tablets a month. That's our present capacity. We are not utilizing that capacity today. So we have 
not hit that volume. But when I was talking of new plot, and I was talking of expansion over 
there, it will also free a bit of more space for us to expand our tablets. We do see once we put in 
that CAPEX our capacity going up from 700 million to 800 million to 1.3 billion tablets. So that 
will be a substantial growth in our capacity from a tablet point of view. But our soft gel will 
double, if not triple our capacity by doing this within the same CAPEX because it will again free 
space. So that will again give us a substantial drive. But we are going to put in the CAPEX 
somewhere in 2026. We are budgeting about 100 crores onto that CAPEX, that we will basically 
move forward once all the straight deals of India and everything is put in place. And we are very 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
clear that our sales trends are moving towards optimizing our present infrastructure. So once we 
see that happening, probably a year before that, we will start investing into CAPEX to make sure 
that we can take the next leap. So today, as of today, we do have capacity in a Teva plant. We 
are utilizing only about 30% of our capacity. We do have some capacity, not a great capacity, 
but we do have some capacity in our old plant. But then if we have to grow from a 4,000 crores 
to 5,000 crores, then we will need this new infrastructure in place. So when we see ourselves 
trending towards 4,000 crores, then we will say that it's time to invest to take us to a 5,000 crores. 
We will not need any new approvals per se, because it's in the same plant. But yes, the 
infrastructure time taken will probably be six to eight months once we do decide to go down that 
road. 
Nirali Shah: 
That would be when you are inching upwards of above 4,000. 
Mark Saldanha: 
When we are trending towards that, when we are trending, we are very close to trending towards 
that. 
Nirali Shah: 
Got it. And the second one is on the EBITDA margin. So we have bounced back to 20% in this 
quarter. And we have indicated Q3 will be on a similar line as Q2. So on a full year, say, FY'26, 
can we expect margins to settle at around 19% to 20% band? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, it's very, very reasonable and fair to assume that. And it may be slightly better, but try to 
assume that, yes. 
Nirali Shah: 
North of 20%.? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Yes, North of 20%. But I mean, from a safe point of view, 19% to 20%, this is very reasonable. 
Nirali Shah: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sriram, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sriram: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So what is the size of the US private level OTC market? And 
what is our current market share? 
Mark Saldanha: 
The size would be a couple of billion dollars, because you have the largest player, which is 
Perrigo, which is probably doing around $1.8 to $2 billion in the private label. Then you have 
PLD which is doing about $700 million, LNK doing about $400 million. So we are running 
amongst the top four players in the US market, but we are still far away from the leader. So the 
size will be way above a couple of billion dollars. 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Sriram: 
Okay. So considering a large opportunity size in the US, I mean, and with the way our US 
business is growing, is it reasonable to assume that the US could account for, let's say, 75% of 
our total business in the next four to five years? 
Mark Saldanha: 
There is a chance, because we are growing rapidly in other markets and we are focusing on other 
geographies. It is not that you can displace anyone overnight. So it's a process by itself. It's not 
that you can, these are players, these are manufacturers and companies that have been there even 
before I created this company. So they have been there for the last 40-45 years. So it's difficult 
to, in private label, they are what we call the Glaxo, Novartis type of thing, right? So they are 
pioneers in this industry. So it's difficult to displace them fully, but taking market share, 
definitely. So from a growth driver point of view, I do see US being one of our largest growth 
drivers. But that said and done, our focus is there on other geographies and other geographies 
will also contribute maybe at a slow pace, but it will contribute decently to our overall number. 
Sriram: 
So but the rate of growth, which is historical growth rate for us is about 20% plus. So can we 
expect that to continue over the next 4-5 years? So in four years, can you double the US business 
revenue? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Well, if you ask me my frank opinion, I would love to say yes. Geopolitical issues are the ones 
that make me pause a bit. But otherwise, if you had asked me a year back, I would have said yes. 
Today, I would say, well, 300 is more realistic. But I mean, our aim is to go beyond that. 
Sriram: 
Okay, and so lastly could you broadly explain the cost difference between us and competitors 
like Perrigo? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Obviously, they don't get into those details. But we are basically, we have a huge portfolio, they 
have a huge portfolio. We are a reliable partner for most of the retailers to partner with. Perrigo 
has its own strengths. We have different strengths. We do leverage low cost manufacturing based 
out of India. Perrigo are predominantly US manufacturer. So they don't play on that, made in 
USA part of it. But besides that, I think both have different strengths. And what goes in Perrigo's 
advantage is they are 50 years of assistance into the US and being pioneered in this industry. 
Sriram: 
And like, could you just put some broad number to that difference? Let's say average cost 
difference would be 20% or 15%? 
Mark Saldanha: 
No, I can't put those numbers out there. 
Sriram: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Public 
Alternatives. Please go ahead. 

 
Marksans Pharma Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Prolin Nandu: 
Thank you again for giving me the opportunity. See, my question is sometime during last quarter 
or after the last quarter, we had a thought that maybe the delivery mechanism in US needs to be 
changed, our capacity we need to expand, we need to think about near showing. All those 
discussion are no more on the table. As we stand today, obviously, things can change, right? But 
as we stand today, it's fairly certain that we won't be expanding our capacity in US or thinking 
about adding new facility in US or anything on your showing. Is that assumption correct? 
Mark Saldanha: 
Nandu, you're right, it's correct. And last six months, this uncertainty has made us pause our 
outlook and whether we should invest in India or in US based on what the balance will play. 
Now with a bit of clarity coming into play, we are back to our original plan of investing more 
into infrastructure where we are strong and where we have the bandwidth and capabilities of 
leveraging low cost manufacturing base. So we are back on that platform. But we had paused all 
our plans because we didn't know whether we should invest in India or in the US infrastructure 
point of view, all depending on the outcome of the tariffs. But nevertheless, that's up the table, 
you're right. And we are back to what we originally had planned. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Great. Thank you so much. And all the very best. 
Mark Saldanha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today's conference. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
Mark Saldanha: 
I would like to thank each and one of you all. I know it's late evening. And thank you for the 
interest and support for the Company. And I wish you have a great evening and be safe. Thank 
you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The pending questions would be taken offline. This brings the conference call to an 
end. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors, we thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
