 
 
 ABB India Limited 
Registered and Corporate Office  
Disha - 3rd Floor, Plot No. 5 & 6, 2nd Stage 
Peenya Industrial Area IV 
Peenya, Bengaluru – 560 058 
Karnataka, India 
CIN: L32202KA1949PLC032923 
GST: 29AAACA3834B1Z4 
Phone: +91 80 2294 9150 – 54 
Fax: +91 80 2294 9148 
Email ID: investor.helpdesk@in.abb.com 
www.abb.com/in 
REF:INABB:STATUT:LODR:ANALST_TRNSPT: 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
 
 
(Attn : DCS CRD)  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E). 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
Attn: Listing Dept. 
Dear Sirs 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst concall 
 
In continuation of our letters dated October 30, 2025 and November 06, 2025, we are 
enclosing a copy of the transcript of conference call with analysts, which took place on 
November 07, 2025 post announcement of un-audited financial results of the Company for 
the third quarter ended September 30, 2025.   
 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the Company’s website. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For ABB India Limited 
 
 
 
Trivikram Guda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS 17685 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
Digitally signed by Trivikram Guda
DN: cn=Trivikram Guda, 
o=Personal, 
email=trivikram.guda@in.abb.com
Date: 2025.11.13 16:22:14 +05'30'
Trivikram 
Guda

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
ABB India Limited  
Q3 CY2025 Earnings Conference Call 
(July to September 2025) 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV SHARMA – COUNTRY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
MR. T. K. SRIDHAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. KIRAN DUTT – PRESIDENT, ELECTRIFICATION 
PRODUCTS  
MR. SANJEEV ARORA – PRESIDENT, MOTION 
MR. SUBRATA KARMAKAR – PRESIDENT, ROBOTICS 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to ABB India Limited Q3 (July to September 
Quarter) CY 2025 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will remain in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note that the conference is being recorded, and any unauthorized recording of 
this call is strictly prohibited. The recording will be made available on the company’s and SEBI’s 
website, subsequently.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. T. K. Sridhar – Chief Financial Officer of ABB India 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. T. K. Sridhar. 
T. K. Sridhar: 
Good morning. Thank you very much for conducting the first few words about it. So, ladies and 
gentlemen, very good morning once again. Welcome to the Q3 2025 investor call of ABB India 
Limited.  
So, on the call along with me are Sanjeev Sharma – the Country Managing Director of ABB 
India. I have Kiran Dutt, who leads Electrification business in India and also Sanjeev Arora, who 
leads the Motion business and Subrata Karmakar for the Robotics. Unfortunately, Balaji, who 
leads the Process Automation Division, is not able to join because of his customer commitments.  
So, with this, I hand over the call to Sanjeev to take us through the initial micro on the market 
slides of ABB. So, over to you, Sanjeev. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thank you, Sridhar, and good morning to all of you. Happy to welcome all of you to our Quarter 
3 performance earnings call. 
So, I will give you some business highlights, followed by financial highlights by T.K. Sridhar, 
and then we will have a question-and-answer session.  
So, if you see the business highlights: 
We had 13% base order growth and 14% revenue growth. But if you compare last year, we 
around in this quarter, we had some large contracts, large orders. So, if you look into the overall 
order growth, that looks (-3%). But the base order growth was quite healthy.  
Profitability is 16% up quarter-on-quarter. And it is (-7%) year-on-year, profit after tax. And 
there are mixed issues, I think, which we will take up in the financial presentation. I will give 
you more details then. And we continue to maintain a strong cash position, nearly Rs. 5,000 
crores.  
We continue to expand our portfolio and bring more premium products to the market because 
market is demanding it. And we have introduced IE5 ultra-premium efficiency LV motors. And 
this is proven induction motor technology and free from rare earth materials.  

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
We also successfully commissioned some ABB Ability™ SCADAvantage solution for THINK 
Gas Private Limited, enabling end-to-end automation and digitalization for compressed gas 
distribution network.  
Sustainability is on target, and I will give you more data. And all our motion factories are 
certified as zero waste to landfill as on date. 
So, we saw a good revenue growth of 14%, and as I said, net of large orders, we had (-3%) orders 
growth, plus 13% in the base orders. And our order backlog stands at Rs. 9,895 crores, gives us 
a good visibility of revenues in the coming quarters.  
Renewables, buildings and infrastructure, discrete automation, process industries, I think these 
are the themes which are built around the opportunities we saw in the marketplace.  
The diversity of our portfolio plays in diversity of applications, right from wind turbine 
converters to gas chromatographs, oxygen analyzer for a leading integrated energy player, 
electrical instrumentation for a global F&B player, robotic solution for EV mobility, insulated 
case circuit breakers for power distribution equipment company, process automation and drive 
solution for metal. So, we can see our 18 businesses playing this 23-market segment always 
keeps the robustness of the business model at the company level.  
The key element of our expansion of our business is to continue to expand into new market 
segments, also new geographies and also keep introducing and reintroducing our technologies 
to our partners and customers. And our team does customer connect programs across the width 
and the depth of country in the market segments as well as geographies and the large and the 
medium and the small size customer base and that is something that keeps us growth initiatives 
and the growth impulse that we need inside the company and that has been the drumbeat for last 
many years and our team continue to have that drumbeat going. 
Our focus on diverse business market segments spread in 23 market segments; we continue to 
see high engagement and high response in data center, electronics and renewable and our 
portfolio is resonating well in these and these are the long-term gains. And I think we see a much 
more capacity buildup coming in these areas in the near future. And the moderate growth is 
basically the segments in the middle and the low growth segment that we see at this point of 
time which continue to rotate over a period of time are listed on the right column.  
The theme for the quarter is giving an idea about textiles, a deep dive. India is the world's second 
largest producer of textile garments with 4.6% share of global trade. It is expected that it will 
grow at 8.6% CAGR and the competitive advantage of India into this sector is availability of 
raw material and also skilled manpower at competitive cost, which is a driving element for this 
business. The government is paying attention and has some good initiatives in this area including 
the PLI scheme and the GST rationalization to boost domestic demand. And also there are key 
trends which are right now affecting. I think there is a bit of a challenge for this sector with the 
U.S. tariff impact, but at the same time India is diversifying itself and creating more partner 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
countries to mitigate those tariff impact. Infrastructure is being modernized and also more 
sustainable manufacturing practices are being brought in this area. And ABB offers motors, 
drives, PLCs, engineering tools, service and support and host of other solutions in this particular 
market segment. So, we always make sure that we have good propositions for this growing and 
important segment in the country.  
On the sustainability in practice, we are on track. You know, our target for reducing the GHG 
emission was 87%. We have achieved it at 87.05%. Zero waste to landfill units we had target 
that in 2025 four units will be zero waste to landfill. We have achieved four. So, great job done 
by our team and locations. And also we focus on that our units will turn water positive units. 
That is we put more water in the ground than we take it out. And our target is four units. We 
have already achieved three. And one unit remaining is under certification at the moment. Most 
likely by end of the year we will achieve the target. And water recyclability is at 44%. And our 
target is 50% for this year.  
On the CSR and performance with purpose, we continue to focus on education and skilling, 
diversity and inclusion, communities and environment. And for last 10 years, we always spend 
100% of CSR allocation. And now having run this program for a period of time, we can really 
see visible impact wherever we have engaged, and we do it in a very institutionalized way, and 
our teams can see the impact on the communities with the targeted programs that we have taken.  
For 2025 outlook, I think tailwinds are private consumption, government capital expenditure, 
and moderating inflation, but headwinds, as we know, trade uncertainty is playing out around 
India. We have prolonged geopolitical tensions which haven't found a way to subside, but I think 
we will have to see that through. And of course, there is a volatility in the global financial 
markets, and there is a lot of fluctuation on the FOREX. So, these are the things we need to 
navigate, both on the opportunity side and the challenges side as we finish 2025 in 1.5 months, 
and then also enter 2026.  
I hand it back to T. K. Sridhar to take you through financial highlights. Over to you, Sridhar.  
T. K. Sridhar: 
Thank you, Sanjeev. So, I think we now get into the most meaty part of it, which is the numbers, 
where I think people are waiting for more information sharing.  
So, if you look at these numbers on the slide, the orders, base orders, which we call, have an 
execution cycle which is shorter compared to the larger orders, which more represent the project 
orders or the long-term system orders. We have grown for the quarter a 13% growth, which is, 
as per what we understand with the market dynamics, which is there, this is pretty healthy stuff, 
at least because it gives us the visibility of revenue conversions going forward, just not 
depending on the large orders which are there in the backlogs at this point of time. And this is 
spread across all the business divisions in the respective business segments.  

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
So, it is not just in one division, which has really helped us to do it, but it is across. So, it is, I 
would say, a good recovery which has happened from the previous quarter, where we could see 
certain offshoots which are coming up. So, that is about the orders.  
When we come to the backlogs, Rs. 9,900 crores of backlog roughly on the books. And this 
would be definitely be executed over the next quarters. We do have a plan and there are no slow-
moving or non-moving orders. Everything is lined up for execution in the few quarters to come. 
And almost 30% of it as a composition of large orders. So, it is basically 70% which are the 
smaller orders which will get executed on a month-to-month basis.  
Revenues, because we have a backlog and we said that we would definitely be executing it, so 
it has generated a 14% growth. And profitability, we are at 16.4% on PBT compared to 14.9% 
sequentially, and 20.5% compared to the previous year. We will dwell upon this as we go 
forward. And that is more due to the material cost impact. We have a mix issue of revenue which 
we are having because we are definitely pushing the new technologies around and also FOREX, 
which Sanjeev alluded to in his section. And last but not the least, the very recent impact of QCO 
or the BIS certification which is needed for the locally manufactured products to be used in 
production.  
So, this is basically the overview of how we are for the quarter. And the cash balance, Rs. 4,500 
crores. Of course, we could have done slightly better over here. We have stocked up strategically 
inventory to make sure that we are not bound by any QCO obligations which could come up as 
a surprise or a delay in certification. We need to serve our customers because we have committed 
delivery times for the backlogs and we have done a conscious strategic stocking up over there 
on the inventories which I am pretty much sure will get liquidated as we go into 2026.  
So, this gives a bit of a more granular view of the P&L. If you look at it of revenues we did 
discuss and then we come to material cost. So, material cost is something which I know that 
people are looking at as to what could be the increase in the material cost and I think it is better 
that we go business area by business area so that you have a bit of more granularity on it.  
So, overall, it is an issue of mix of revenues. The portfolio changes which has happened and also 
on the competition which has intensified in quite a few segments and also the fact that we had 
an ability to command a premium in the post-COVID era which has now sort of dried up. So, 
that is something which is not there now and also market dynamics which are slowing down the 
decision on quite a few orders and therefore opportunities are restricted in the market to play 
with. And last but not the least, we have the QCO impact as well. So, that is how it is.  
Other expenses are more or less steady. No one-offs in the expenses. And, yes, unlike the last 
quarter, we did not have any FOREX, big FOREX impact in this particular quarter. But I think 
the rest of it is basically mathematical calculation. So, this is how we have an overall P&L 
structure.  

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Electrification. On electrification, in Q3 2024, we had almost Rs. 560 crores of a large order, 
right, which is not there in this particular quarter. So, that means against 1,700-1,800, if we round 
it off, if we take off 600, so then we are talking of Rs. 1,200 crores. So, I think the base orders 
have still grown in electrification. So, that is something which is important to note. And we have 
been consistent in that particular effort.  
So, the revenues, I think it is across all divisions. There have been no division which is finding 
it difficult to execute the backlog and the revenues. The backlogs definitely is down 2%. It is 
more related to the pace of execution is faster than the pace of intake of orders. And that, 
therefore, it is a reflection of that. But I am sure that as the market picks up and we are able to 
be successful, we should be able to also line up the backlogs going forward.  
Now comes the profitability element. So, I think there were a bit of a questions as to what is the 
impact which is playing out in electrification. So, just to give you a bit of a picture on it, I think 
both MO and EL have similar issues. So, they have an issue of mix, which is basically what we 
do, which is a reflection of both market segments where we play out and also the portfolio what 
we have used to deliver the solutions to the customers. I think that is how we see the mix.  
So, that means if a high profitability segment is absent in this particular, or lower in this quarter, 
but we have gone, because I take you back to those slides where we used to say what are the 
high growth markets, the moderate, and the low growth market. And naturally, the competition 
also plays out accordingly in these particular segments. And that has a reflection on the mix 
topic as what we see. The mix is one thing and then, of course, the competition as what we see 
in the limited opportunities what we have at this point of time, which has also got an impact on 
how the pricing is done and followed by the QCO and the FOREX impact.  
So, now just to draw a bit of a color, what is the mix impact in electrification? Probably 1% 
could be the mix impact which we had, because that is the portfolio changes what has happened. 
That is the market segment changes what has happened where we have delivered these particular 
revenues.  
And competition, clearly, I think, as I said in the past, we had a clear advantage of 1% to 1.5% 
in which we used to claim a price premium, which is not there at this point of time. And QCO 
impact, it depends on business to business, ranging between 0.75% to 0.8% is what we have. 
And FOREX, 0.6%. So, roughly, this works out to a gap of 3% on an average, which used to be 
the trend earlier in EL in the last three quarters, as what we have seen, right? So, if you look at 
it, a gap of this is contributing to that. And so, that is how we see EL.  
But is this something not normal? According to me, we have gone through these particular 
cycles. Cycles at this point of time are softening as what we see and therefore we play out. We 
continue our investments as what is needed for the future. We see that the opportunities are there. 
They are something which are not drying up at this point of time, but of course the decisions are 
delayed. And also we make sure that we pick those opportunities which are relevant for our 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
portfolio and are good to play, good to participate in. So, that is basically an approach what ABB 
has and that has been consistent even in the past.  
Motion. We had a good order intake in this particular quarter. Of course, we had a large order 
which played out in Motion to the extent of Rs. 150 crores which was not there and to the extent 
of Rs. 900-990 crores which was there in the last quarter, the similar year. So, again, a good base 
order growth. So, Motors having good base order growth is actually a bit of a refreshing sign 
because that is the early trends which pick up to see how the market is behaving.  
So, execution, 9%, as you know, as I was alluding to, a lot of system orders and large orders 
which are also sitting as a part of the motion backlogs and that is why you could see at 4,100 
backlogs which are there and they have probably a higher content of large system orders and 
long-term orders which will get executed over a period of 12 to 18 months as what we see.  
So, now coming to profitability. We did talk about it in the Electrification. So, here, I think the 
mix is again 1% to 1.5%, which plays out, and then we have the market dynamics. And the 
competition is more intense in terms of degree over here, because motion has a larger play in 
core sectors as well as the middle sector. And that is where the competition is intense and then 
they have a higher impact in terms of competition dynamics. And they also have a bit of a QCO 
impact and of course FOREX impact because they have a huge content of FOREX, which is 
there.  
So, overall, I think 4.5% to 5% variation in Motion compared to the previous profitability levels 
and what is now can be attributed to QCO and FOREX impact, which is 1%, 1.5% and then you 
have the market dynamics and the mix playing out on the rest which is more market-led topics 
as what we see.  
So, now the question could be, so is this QCO impact going to remain for some time? Answer 
to that is yes because the dates are definitely changing. So, we are preparing ourselves to make 
sure that we get our slots, get our preparation done for navigating this particular challenge. And 
every business has an action plan but it will take some time, probably another 1, 2 to 3 quarters 
minimum which would take this particular issue to be resolved at least for ABB as what we see.  
So, what is this really QCO impact? I think this was a question which had come to us. I think 
we normally have been using our locally designed products to serve the customers, but as they 
have to go for approvals and they have to wait for the process to be completed, so naturally then 
we need to definitely use imported equipment to serve the customers, and therefore that is 
causing (i) a cost which is higher when you import, and (ii) definitely FOREX volatility, which 
is impacted to the imported denominated currencies, right? So, these are some and a couple of 
these things. So, can we come out of this faster? Yes, our efforts are there, so we need to make 
sure that we are able to work on this consistency in a focused manner.  
Process Automation. I think PA was pretty interesting. So, they are cyclical in nature because 
they operate more on the core sectors like metals, mining, and oil and gas, and a little bit on 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
pharma side of it. So, they see the order intakes stagnant because the decisions, especially on 
larger expansions, are getting delayed and they are relying more on retrofits and sort of smaller 
size orders and they don't have any large orders at this point of time. And that is basically why 
the revenue levels are also sort of stagnant at Rs. 600 crores, and they have a backlog which is 
falling down because the revenue is coming out of these particulars exhausting the backlogs.  
Profitability is pretty much consistent. They don't have a QCO impact. They are systems 
businesses, so they have multiple vendors through whom they could source the material, so they 
relatively are less impacted by the QCO impact. But for the FOREX impact, because there are 
long-term contracts, they have FOREX variation clauses and therefore they are not much 
impacted on it. But they have, because they are long-term contracts, the probability to have 
improvements on the designs, on the optimization of the processes is better yielding them and 
also they have a higher content of services to the extent of 30% in their offerings and therefore 
they have a better ability to maintain the margins as what we have seen in the past.  
Robotics. ABB globally announced the divestment of robotics, so we still have, the decision in 
India is fully dependent on the Board's evaluation and the next set of processes which will 
happen, which is at this point of time not decided. So, they did have a good order intake in this 
particular quarter to Rs. 203 crores and that had come from their segments which they play out 
in automotive and electronics area and general industry. So, that is how the backlog is stronger.  
Profitability again, so I think it also depends here more on the mix and a bit of a FOREX. They 
don't have much of QCO impact over here. They had a bit of a lower service revenues in the last 
two quarters and therefore the profitability is muted as we stand, right? So, this is basically how 
the segments perform.  
And then finally we go to the chart which looks at the channels of the market. If you look at it 
again, we have a similar ratio of this thing, nothing much changed compared to the previous 1.5 
years. But only thing to note, on a cumulative 9-month basis, projects have basically come down 
to 8%. We have services at 13% and products still at 79%. So, I think the ratios more or less 
remain the same, not much of a change is what we see.  
I think we can now open the call for the Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Sumit Kishore with Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sumit Kishore: 
My first question is in relation to your margins. Your profit margins for the quarter are closer to 
the lower end of the white band of 12% to 15% that you wish to operate in. Qualitatively, if you 
could elaborate whether margin pressures around material cost, the market dynamics, post-
COVID correction are all factored in or we still have some room to go? Can this be the new 
normal for profitability in coming quarters after the record highs that we saw in the last calendar 
year? So, your comments here will be very useful. That is my first question.  

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
T. K. Sridhar: 
Sumit, I think when I had definitely elaborated more than adequately on the profitability 
movement segment by segment at an overall level, right?  
 
So, I think that is already answered. So, I don't want to repeat it again because that is the same 
thing. So, now the question is, and as rightly, even in the last calls which we had said, so we are 
at the lower end of the percentage is what we want to operate in. And we are doing it at a pretty 
high levels of 15%. That probably registered in the mind as a new normal for quite a few of the 
markets. But I think we are at the end of the day in an engineering industry. And so we have our 
cyclical impacts to be handled.  
 
Coming back to what are the topics? I don't think we don't have any one-off topics other than 
what we told about the mix, the market dynamics as what we understand, which is more related 
to the competition scenario playing out on the limited investment decisions what we have, and 
of course the FOREX and the QCO. So, I don't have anything much more than that.  
When will we improve or move forward as in this particular journey? Probably I think the QCO 
should be addressed in another three to four quarters is what we see because that is the timeline 
what the government has also given. And therefore, I should assume that that is what the time 
with everyone industry will take. That is how it is. And the balance part is dependent on how the 
market develops and how private consumption and the investment decisions on the public sector 
happen. So, that is how we see.  
 
And just to give a bit of more color to our answer on this, do we find opportunities drying out at 
this point of time? No. Yes, the opportunities are there, but the decisions are delayed and the 
choice of customers today are quite variant. And the only thing, a factor which is probably 
unknown at this point of time on account of geopolitical topics between, how does it play out is 
what we need to see, right? So, that is something which is unknown at this point of time and left 
to the best guess of you guys. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, in the backdrop of what you said and what Sanjeev mentioned on the call earlier, well, base 
orders are higher up 13% year-on-year. They are stable quarter-on-quarter. So, is it right for us 
to sort of interpret that given the decision making is a bit deferred in the backdrop of the macro 
environment geopolitical tensions, is this level of base orders absolute terms likely to persist for 
some time before we see a breakout because of a more diversified CAPEX cycle playing out? 
So, across three segments, the main ones, electrification, motion, and process automation, how 
should we think about where we are in the CAPEX cycle and how this can play out over the next 
12 to 18 months? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
We have had a very good cycle post-COVID wherein we enjoyed very good growth both in 
expansion of orders, revenues, profitability, and all elements. And that was on back of India 
growth story as well as lot of CAPEX put in by the government in the right places. And also we 
had a good support in our segments that we were focusing the new segments, mid segments, and 
also large core segments.  

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
At this point in time for last few quarters now there is sluggishness in the market in terms of 
CAPEX formation as well as expansion projects. They are at a good level, but they are not in a 
very strong expansionary mode.  
 
So, from our perspective, this is a cycle which comes as a correction after a strong growth. 
Whether it takes one quarter, two quarters that our perspective is this is going to come back. The 
growth is going to come back, and we will ride that cycle because our 18 divisions focus on this 
very dynamic 23 market segments. The moment the order intake and the order formation takes 
place, it will directly reflect in our books in the orders, revenues as well as in the capacity 
utilization, which directly impacts profitability as well. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Renu Baid with IIFL Capital. 
Renu Baid: 
I have two questions if they can be addressed. The first would be given that the team has 
mentioned that they are seeing some green shoots in base orders and tariff settlement is near, do 
you expect pickup in the investment cycle or broad-based pickup in large order finalizations, 
which has been not the case for the last two to three quarters? So, what would be your view on 
the likely revival or recovery in the CAPEX momentum? And if the momentum is the way it is 
there today with flattish book and just early teens growth in base orders, would you think it 
would be possible for ABB to manage double-digit growth in CY2026? Probably that too would 
be a year of moderation of consolidation like 2025. And in case if you can give any comment, 
NVIDIA the recent relationship on which NVIDIA and ABB are working together for solid state 
drives for AI data centers. In your view, by when you think the product service market would be 
available and ready? And in case if that product is available in India for ABB, to what extent it 
can increase the TAM for us in the DC market?  
T. K. Sridhar: 
So, Sanjeev, I think we could invite Kiran and Sanjeev Arora on this, because they are reading 
the market quite stronger for EL and MO or any of 75% of our business. So, I have Kiran over 
here. Kiran, so you could throw some colour on Electrification and Motion, Sanjeev Arora could 
throw some colour.  
Kiran Dutt: 
Thank you, Sanjeev, and Sridhar. I think it is a good question in terms of the market how it is 
behaving and also a quite elaborate question in terms of what exactly we are trying to do in data 
centers as well. I think let me pick up from few of the segments of the market. Let me just pick 
up something on renewables, rail and maybe something on data centers since the question is 
there.  
 
Now, when I look at the way renewable sector is behaving, what we see is a good expansion in 
terms of the renewable market. Specifically, when it comes to renewable, I am also looking at 
something known as battery energy storage systems, which we call it as BESS. So, that is 
something which is really topping on the charts in terms of the opportunities which is available 
for the future as well. And we are also looking at something on green hydrogen, which is also 
becoming very prominent as a sector in the market.  

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
When I look at rail, you have seen lot of expansion across investments from the government and 
also into the metro sectors, metro rail across the various cities of India. So, that is something 
which is an investment which is coming across. And we find that this is going to really contribute 
to the base orders going forward. 
 
On the data centers, when I look at it, I segregate into two parts: one in terms of hyperscale and 
the second one in terms of the colocation data centers. When I look at hyperscale, yes, there is a 
bit of a sluggish kind of a movement in India at this point of time or probably in the Q3. And we 
are also looking at EBIT in terms of sluggish growth there in hyperscale.  
 
But at the same time, what is important to understand is how exactly the colocation data centers 
are behaving. I think colocation data centers, there is a huge demand for them in terms of the 
capabilities what they can extend and also the difference of the customers and they want to have 
colocations, which is really supporting them in their day-to-day processes. 
 
So, we feel that data centers in colocation would grow and we have seen substantial growth in 
Q3 as well. And we would like to go forward with our services and solutions to them even this 
quarter as well and last quarter as well we have been doing the same. Maybe over to Sanjeev 
Arora. 
Sanjeev Arora: 
Thank you, Sridhar. Thank you, Sanjeev. And thanks, Kiran. I think I echo what Kiran has just 
mentioned, so giving a flavor of the discrete part. Base load orders as Sridhar has mentioned, 
they have been very good for us. And that shows the early signs of positivity in the market 
demand. Because when we compare to last few quarters, yes, there was a challenge. And Kiran 
has well explained on the segments part.  
 
But then when we touch upon the cement and the steel and the oil and gas part, I would say that 
the investment cycle has started in these segments as well. So, cement, we are seeing a bit of a 
revival and upturn in the investment. Same goes for steel industry. And also we do see a good 
pipeline in the oil and gas sector. So, yes, the markets will be a bit dynamic. Price pressures will 
be there. But the good part is that demand will also be sustained in the coming quarters as we 
see now. So, that is the comment from my side. 
T. K. Sridhar: 
Thanks, Sanjeev. Thanks, Kiran. So, Renu, I think hopefully this gives you a more granular view 
than at the company level. So, because at least only process automation and robotics, so process 
automation forms only 13% and we alluded. And that sums off the comments which Kiran and 
Sanjeev have given also applies to them in a way. So, I think overall, we feel that the market 
would be at similar levels as what we see at this point of time in the next one or two quarters. 
And then probably we could see some things which could be on the positive side as what is the 
assumption at this point of time. 
Renu Baid: 
Anything on the NVIDIA opportunity or TAM for India? The recent engagement with ABB 
parent with NVIDIA for AI data centers to develop solid state drives and cooling solutions. In 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
your view, can the solutions be available to ABB in India, when the products are prepared and 
ready? And to what extent it can increase our TAM in this particular segment. 
 
 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, at this point of time, I don't have the complete details of this particular deal. I know as much 
as you know in terms of intent of ABB Express with NVIDIA. But as a principle, if there is no 
geographical restrictions or obligation of those technologies, all technologies ABB develops, 
they are naturally available to our customers here in India. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Atul Tiwari with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.  
Atul Tiwari: 
Sir, my question is on this QCO. Could you elaborate a little more on what exactly is the nature 
of this QCO order, which is leading to higher imports? And how long this impact will continue 
before you adjust to the QCO fully? 
T. K. Sridhar: 
So, Atul, I have actually in my commentary elaborated quite a bit including what is the impact 
on QCO, right? I think probably people joined in late or missed out what I said. What is QCO? 
The government in its mission for Atmanirbhar Bharat has wanted to create a system where 
Indian manufactured or developed products are more used. And before they use, I think they had 
to be tested and qualified by the Bureau of Indian Standards and that is something which is 
getting done. So, till now it was not mandatory, but now it has been made mandatory. 
 
So, therefore all the products have to be, whatever we manufacture including the subcomponents 
have to go through the testing and certification of these particular institutes. And it takes a lot of 
time because the number of labs are less, the number of slots are less and there are so many 
people competing for the same slots. And therefore, it is definitely a problem. So, probably I 
think, that is exactly why the government also keeps extending these particular deadlines, 
because they know that there is a capacity issue which they have to address, right?  
 
But now on the other hand, having come to know that this is problem on hand, we need to draw 
a decision which is better in terms of serving the customers. We have no other option, if we want 
to keep the customer serviceability as the main criteria, but to use imported material to make 
sure that are already certified for the global laboratories that which could be used, right? So, that 
is something what is QCO about and how are we handling that.  
 
So, to address this because there is going to be definitely a lot of time which will be taken to get 
our product certified and so forth the others as well. And therefore, in the interim, we have no 
other option but to import material to serve our commitments to the customers. So, what does 
this mean? What used to be locally developed and which we are using at a cheaper cost, which 
we now need to import for the base cost itself increases, number one.  
 
Number two is that you have a FOREX which is attached to this particular transaction. So, that 
is also subject to volatility. So, you have an impact on both. So, how long will it continue? It 
could continue as what I said to another three to four quarters is what I mentioned. 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Atul Tiwari: 
So, very perversely, this order which was designed to promote Indian manufactured equipment 
is leading to higher imports. So, that is what I wanted to understand. So, as an industry, are you 
guys not representative of government than that it is serving the opposite purpose of whatever 
was intended? 
T. K. Sridhar: 
We have done through a lot of other associations everyone. Every industry is making sure that 
it is representing itself to the right authorities to do it. But this is a government objective. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Atul, you can also help us by writing analyst report and publish it in the major media. And Sohini 
can help you with all the information. Any help that we can get to get this thing through is always 
good. But it is a matter of time. It will be sorted. But yes, that is the stage we are right now. 
T. K. Sridhar: 
We need to go through it, Atul. We have no other way, okay? But it is good in the overall interest 
of the nation in the long run. That is how we look at it, okay? 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Lavina Quadros with Jefferies. Please go ahead.  
Lavina Quadros: 
Just wanted to check, sir, on the robotics arm, I am sorry if I missed it if it was discussed earlier. 
But on the robotics arm, given the parent has sold it at a valuation, earlier there was a thought 
that maybe the robotics arms gets listed separately. I mean, how are the Indian shareholders 
going to get compensated for it? Just to understand. Will the arm be separated out? Or will the 
valuation be in line with what is being offered to the parent?  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
 So, we had made it clear at a global level that the robotics business will find its own footing, so 
that they can find their growth path in future. And then initial interest was to list that company. 
But then in the interest of the shareholders, we got a very good offer from SoftBank and Global 
Board decided to choose SoftBank to be the future owner and take this business forward.  
 
As far as India assets are concerned, these assets will be evaluated by the Board, Independent 
Directors included. And we will follow the due process of evaluating it. After the valuations are 
done like we have done in the past and the local Board is satisfied, based on that valuation, 
separation of this asset will be done into a new company. But then this is something is not given. 
This is subject to ABB India Limited’s Board approval. 
Lavina Quadros: 
Sir, just lastly on this only. So, listing is unlikely, but a separate valuation will be decided and 
then you will follow the due course process. Broadly at least as of now that is what seems to be 
the case.  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Absolutely. So, that is how these assets are dealt with. And if you see the history of similar assets 
separated from ABB India Limited, we follow a very tight governance model and that is led by 
the ABB India Limited Board.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Samir Thakur with Ambit Capital. Please go ahead.  

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Samir Thakur: 
So, you said that the pipeline for energy industries and process industries, that is still there. And 
is this just a problem of conversion to orders? And are you seeing that pipeline is increasing? Or 
is there an underlying issue with the demand or any loss of market share there? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Is this question for a specific market segment? 
T. K. Sridhar: 
No. I think it is for process industries in general, process automation which is oil and gas, cement, 
steel, and other core sectors. Balaji is not there. Balaji is not there on the call. I think he is with 
the customer. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, as such, if you really look into the focus of ABB into the process industries, we have very 
distinct focus on market segments like oil and gas. We have mining. We have cement. We have 
pulp and paper, and metals. So, these are the market segments, which we participate with their 
CAPEX cycle as well as their OPEX cycle. And CAPEX cycle is sometimes the greenfield 
project and sometimes it is the expansion of the project. And also sometimes they have the 
upgrade of their digital infrastructure, energy efficiency infrastructure.  
 
So, we find that in these sectors given they are the continuous industries, they continue to invest 
in all the cycles. It is the intensity changes only when the greenfield projects kind of are 
announced or major expansions are announced by these players who are operating in this market. 
So, our typical drumbeat and our rhythm is around OPEX as well as the expansion in the normal 
course of the business. And that we see is quite robust at this point of time. And that continues 
to be robust because these are substantial industries. They have to continue to invest into the 
area we are.  
 
Now when it comes to the major expansion, the greenfield expansions, in certain market 
segments, we definitely see there is a greenfield expansion, but it is not widespread. And I 
believe the cycle of the demand versus how much capacity is available, there is likely to be an 
upsurge in the capacity utilization of, so that is probably capacity expansion of many of these 
segments. 
 
At the same time, one has to also keep in mind, this is something which I cannot say as 
confirmation. But in the news media, there is a clear mention that between India and China now 
there is a thaw of relationship, and more and more businesses are opening up. So, it is unclear 
what will be the impact of Chinese imports in the country.  
 
So, I think all our customers who are in these process industry segment, they will be also 
evaluating very closely how this will play out, whether the Chinese imports will flow into the 
market in an uncontrolled way, whether that will impact their price realization in the market. So, 
I think that part is unclear at the moment and that will define the future demand curve for these 
industries in our opinion. 
Samir Thakur: 
If I can squeeze in one more just coming back to again QCO one. There was a deadline in 
November '25 as well for some of the products. So, just I also wanted to check if I understand 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
clearly that imports, the TC related imports that we keep on doing, is that the right way to think 
of? We had earlier imported in, I think, March, April, May, in that quarter. And probably going 
ahead, we have to keep importing unless you build the certifications.  
T. K. Sridhar: 
Yes. So, what happens is this. The government keeps moving these particular dates, right? So, 
what has come in what we thought as we were working in the second quarter, that November is 
a date before which we have to close this. And in case if we don't do it, then you have to definitely 
use the important subcomponents what we require, right? But we go with that anticipation. And 
we try our best to get it qualified in the laboratory, right?  
 
But if we see that there is a delay, we have no other option but to make sure that we have to 
import more for future requirements. But then the government as we neared to this thing, the 
government takes a call to extend it. So, this is basically exactly what they said. So, now the 
government keeps moving these deadlines depending upon how the progress is and how they 
are able to monitor this particular process. So, we need to go with that and be in line with the 
process for certification.  
 
There is no, definite saying that it will close at this rate come what may. It is not going to happen 
because as I mentioned earlier, the capacity is less vis-à-vis the work to be done, which is 
humongous, right? So, that is taking more time. And therefore, we have to go along with what 
the government is directing us to do. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Amit Mahawar with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Good morning, Sanjeev, and Sridhar. Congratulations on maintaining a very good order 
momentum in base orders, better than industry maybe. Sir, I just have one question. You have 
the book in process automation, which is maybe around 30%, 40% down. EP is the only segment 
where we have grown very well, 15% top line. And I don't worry about margins, etc., on this 
issue. But do you think in CY '26, we can touch a 10%, 12% revenue growth given that mobility 
orders will take some time, given that energy is not a large basket for us and the discrete portfolio 
for us is growing more in just short of teens or less than that. So, a quality of assessment, Sanjeev, 
which will help us. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, I think it is fair to say as process automation is concerned net of robotics, it will be only 13% 
of our portfolio 12% to 13% of our portfolio. So, we take benefit of industry cycle whenever 
there are large CAPEX projects and the large, consolidated orders coming to us or system orders 
coming to us. Other than that, we continue to gain on the ETO, which is engineered to order 
business, which is largely sitting in MO and EL. So, that continue to benefit. And then, of course, 
we have the EL business, which is the product business, which is made to store and made to 
order fast moving products in the marketplace.  
 
So, in the made to order, made to store and ETO, I think the business is quite robust. And we do 
feel that given the backlog that we have, the execution of it is well lined up. They are clean 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
orders. So, we will see an uptick of revenue growth with that as we go forward both in EL and 
MO. But then there are some long gestation orders sitting in the mobility side that you are right.  
 
So, I think if you net that out, I think rest of the book to bill orders as well as in the EL and MO 
will continue to push the revenues upwards. And as far as the PA is concerned, it goes through 
the cycle. So, we have seen it for a very long period of time. And whenever the cycle on the 
large orders pick up in that area, of course, they positively contribute to us.  
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rahul Gajare with Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
I just have one question. You have touched on delay in order finalization, I think, in your opening 
remarks. Now, it is very clear that I think the entire order inflows are supported by base orders. 
But in the last four quarters, we have got only Rs. 400 crores of large orders. I want to understand 
if you could highlight discussion with clients and if it is further possible to quantify the kind of 
large orders that we are looking at over the next maybe three to four quarters, I think that will 
be helpful. 
T. K. Sridhar: 
So, normally, we don't give this particular future projection as such, right? So, we just only give 
a color on how the markets are and that's exactly what Kiran or Sanjeev or Sanjeev Sharma did 
allude to at this point of time. So, I mean, when it is large orders definitely are widespread in all 
the three business areas such as electrification, motion, and process automation.  
 
What we are saying is at this point of time the opportunities are there, but the decisions are 
getting delayed. It is not going the same pace as what it is. But I think the good part is the base 
orders keep growing and which is what our focus is. So, I think to be honest, we cannot give a 
direct sort of a projection or a number to this particular question. I am sorry, that is the sort of 
policy which we have. 
Rahul Gajare: 
In that case, is it possible you all can highlight the kind of growth that you are thinking of when 
you are talking about classifying certain industries into high growth or medium growth or low 
growth? Is that something you can do? 
T. K. Sridhar: 
Actually, we don't give any growth projections, right? So, we only say our ambition is to be 
there in the trajectory of how the market is moving and what do you call, maintain that 
momentum of what we have seen. And I think, of course, post COVID, we had a very, very fast 
growth trend which is now softening out. So, our always ambition is to be in the double-digit 
corridor as what Sanjeev was mentioning earlier. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Appreciate that. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Aditya Mongia with Kotak Institutional Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: 
My question was more at a broad portfolio level gaps that you see emerging as the market 
conditions change as well as opportunities that may be coming in the market that we don't 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
currently serve. In a sense from an inorganic perspective, how actively are you thinking about 
your portfolio at this point of time?  
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, I can take this. So, at a global level with the robotic sale as well as how we generate cash, I 
think we are a quite robust company globally. And also at a local level, our cash reserves are 
quite healthy.  
 
So, our global CEO in the last call has made it very clear that ABB is looking for large ticket 
inorganic options around the world. And whenever such options are exercised, they also have a 
footprint effect in India and we participate with our books in those acquisitions as well.  
 
So, that is one part which is very much in the play. And I think that is a very strong and solid 
intention of the management to grow our bolt on portfolio. So, that is what we are looking for 
that the existing businesses should acquire businesses which complement their existing portfolio 
and also their ability to serve their customers even more effectively or the channel partners or 
the channels even more effectively.  
 
So, that is very much on. And we also have a similar focus in India for inorganic approach other 
than the global, wherein we do have a list, but it takes two to tango. So, that we are working on. 
And we stay again focused on the bolt on opportunities for the existing businesses and also the 
specific new emerging market segments, which are relevant in India and relevant for our 
business in India, they find that focus. And this is done not only by us, but it is also participated 
by our global divisions. And they together with our local divisions, they are always focused on 
those opportunities, and we do have a pipeline. We will let you know soon we succeed either 
globally or locally with these opportunities we see in the marketplace.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-
and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. T. K. Sridhar for 
closing comments. 
T. K. Sridhar: 
Thank you very much. I think it was a very interesting discussion on QCO on the market 
dynamics and the opportunities as well as robotics piece of it. So, thank you for supporting us 
and also thank you for giving some valid inputs around our businesses and wish to talk to you 
next time after the full year results in the month of February and have a good closing. Thank you 
very much all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ABB India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
----------------------- (This document has been edited for improving readability) ----------------------- 
 
 

 
ABB India Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Investor / Analyst contact: 
TK Sridhar 
Chief Financial Officer and 
Chief Investor Relations Officer 
sridhar.tk@in.abb.com 
 
Sohini Mookherjea 
Country Communication Manager 
sohini.mookherjea@in.abb.com 
  
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
ABB India Limited 
Plot No. 5 & 6, 2nd Stage, 
Peenya Industrial Area IV, Peenya 
Bangalore 560058 
Karnataka 
 
CIN: L32202KA1949PLC032923 
https://new.abb.com/indian-subcontinent 
 
