 
 
 
 
CSL/2025-26/191 
17th November, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code :532443 
Scrip ID: CERA 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Scrip Code: CERA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 12th November, 2025 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to our letter CSL/2025-26/175 dated 30th October, 2025, intimating you 
about the Q2 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call held on 12th November, 2025, please find 
attached the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The same will be available on the website of the company, i.e. www.cera-india.com  
 
We hope you will take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Cera Sanitaryware Limited, 
 
 
Hemal Sadiwala 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As Above 
 
HEMAL 
JANARDAN 
SADIWALA
Digitally signed by HEMAL JANARDAN SADIWALA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=1769, 
pseudonym=831e288729424ea383d3e6222fd99076, 
2.5.4.20=2f1a0a53e3d0c48658014c43dea3989dc5933
5ec2f1a70b9d67f9e73d4395917, postalCode=380008, 
st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=f2fe036f7fce318ced974ed8837dfa1e1c
2da169e5861098ce6b05679d5c9f6e, cn=HEMAL 
JANARDAN SADIWALA 
Date: 2025.11.17 17:58:53 +05'30'

 
 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 1 of 14 
 
 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 12, 2025 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Cera Sanitaryware Limited 
earnings conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh 
rom CDR India.  
Devrishi Singh: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the earnings conference 
call for Cera Sanitaryware Limited for Q2 and H1 FY '26 earnings, which were 
announced yesterday. We have with us today the management team comprising; 
Mr. Vikas Kothari - CFO; and Mr. Deepak Chaudhary - VP, Finance and Investor 
Relations of Cera Sanitaryware. We will start with brief opening remarks from the 
management, following which we will open the call for Q&A. 
 
A quick disclaimer before we begin. Some of the statements made in today's 
conference call may be forward-looking in nature, and a detailed note in this regard 
is contained in the results documents that have been shared with all of you earlier. 
 
I will now turn the call over to the management for their opening remarks. Thank you, 
and over to you, Deepak. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of the management team of Cera Sanitaryware 
Limited, I would like to extend a warm welcome to all of you to our Q2 FY '26 earnings 
conference call. I will begin by sharing a brief update on our operational and strategic 
progress, following which our CFO, Mr. Vikas Kothari, will take you through the financial 
highlights for the quarter. 
 
In the backdrop of demand environment that remains subdued, particularly on the 
retail side, we are pleased to report a steady performance this quarter. Our 
Sanitaryware segment delivered a year-on-year growth of 1.4%, supported by stable 
demand and continued traction in our product portfolio. While the Sanitaryware 
segment continued to face headwinds, the pace of contraction moderated 
compared to the previous quarters. We believe that improving macro fundamentals 
and policy measures, including the recent GST changes will aid recovery in retail 
demand over time. 
As indicated in our previous earnings calls, I would like to reiterate that over the past 
few years, we have continued to strengthen the organization's strategic foundation 
through sharper brand segmentation, differentiated channel strategies and a 
focused innovation agenda. These initiatives are already enhancing our market 
readiness and execution agility. We believe that as the demand cycle turns upward, 
these efforts will translate into meaningful growth momentum across the business.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Our B2B segment continued to demonstrate healthy traction during the quarter, 
supported by steady order inflows from the real estate sector and sustained 
construction activity. Project sales accounted for 39% of our topline in Q2 FY '26. We 
continue to benefit from our strong brand equity, execution reliability and deep 
relationships across the developer ecosystem, which are enabling us to participate in 
larger and more complex projects. This remains an important growth pillar for us and 
helps balance the current softness in retail demand. 
 
Another important initiative during the quarter was the rollout of our ‘Dealer 
Management System’ (DMS), which marks a major step in strengthening our 
distribution network and improving data visibility. We have successfully onboarded 
about over 200 dealers so far with system integration and data connectors now 
activated at their end. Since each dealer operates on a different platform, achieving 
this level of alignment has been a challenging task, and we are proud to have made 
strong progress on this front. The DMS gives us better visibility into secondary sales, 
dealer-wise inventory and retail coverage, information that was earlier not available 
in real time. This enhanced visibility will improve accountability, track market 
movement more closely and support faster and more informed decision-making. 
Over time, the system will also aid better demand planning and channel 
management. We plan to extend DMS coverage to more dealers in the coming 
quarters. 
 
On the strategic front, our premium brand, Senator and recently launched Polipluz 
continue to make encouraging progress.  
On Senator: We remain firmly on track to achieve our FY '26 flagship rollout target of 
45 to 50 stores with 28 stores already operational as on date. The format and 
positioning are designed to create a more immersive brand experience backed by 
an expanded product range, a dedicated dealer network and a focused 
engagement model. Over the past few months, we have strengthened the team 
structure, bringing on board experienced professionals across sales, business 
development and brand activation to drive the execution at scale. 
 
On Polipluz: We have ramped up our efforts on Polipluz, our differentiated offering 
aimed at deep value segment where the unorganized market still holds significant 
share. The team build-out is nearly complete, and we have initiated targeted on-
ground activations and promotional campaigns to establish brand presence in key 
Tier 3 and Tier 4 markets.  At present, Polipluz is being distributed through 38 distributors 
and 650 dealers with a target to expand the network to 100 distributors and 2,000 
dealers by March 2026.  
The early response for both the brands has been encouraging, validating our 
approach of segmentation of the portfolio to address distinct consumer and channel 
opportunities. In the quarters ahead, we will continue to expand distribution reach, 
enhance market visibility and build on this early momentum.  
Innovation and new product development remain core to our strategy. During the 
quarter, new product launches contributed about 33% of the overall sales, reflecting 
our continued focus on keeping the portfolio contemporary and relevant. On our new 
designs, our new designs are developed through regular market feedback and are 
‘designed to trend’, aligning with evolving consumer preferences and emerging style 
themes. We will continue to strengthen our design and innovation pipeline to ensure 
sustained differentiation across categories. 
 
By strengthening our brand segmentation and aligning products and channels with 
different customer segments, we are expanding our market reach while maintaining 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 3 of 14 
 
 
clear focus across categories. This approach, which covers a wide range of price 
points and regions gives us flexibility to manage short-term challenges while staying 
focused on our core values of quality, innovation and customer trust. These ongoing 
efforts are building a solid foundation for future growth as market conditions improve.  
While the exact timing of a broad-based retail recovery is still evolving, we remain 
optimistic about the long-term growth trajectory of the industry. Structural drivers such 
as continued formalization, rising consumer aspirations, urban redevelopment and 
housing programs and sanitation initiatives remain intact. Alongside these, policy 
measures such as the recent GST changes should aid sentiment and activity over time. 
Taken together with our brand strength and distribution reach, we believe the 
category remains well placed for steady expansion. 
 
We continue to invest in brands, distribution and product innovation to stay ahead of 
evolving consumer needs while maintaining firm cost discipline. The benefits of 
ongoing cost optimization initiatives and operational efficiencies are visible in 
strengthening of our ability to sustain margins in a mixed demand environment. 
 
Furthermore, during the quarter, we completed the exit from two of our LLPs; Race 
Polymer Arts LLP and Packcart Packaging LLP, effective from 29th of September of this 
year, thereby streamlining our portfolio and sharpening our focus on core categories. 
With the divestment in these two entities, Cera does not have any subsidiaries and 
hence, will report numbers on a standalone basis only henceforth. 
 
To conclude, Q2 FY '26 underscores stable execution in a soft retail environment, 
coupled with steady traction in project sales and encouraging strategic progress. As 
we move into the second half of the year, we remain cautiously optimistic about 
improving demand trends and confident in our ability to respond with speed and 
scale. Our ongoing investments in brand architecture, channel segmentation and 
new market development, supported by strong internal capabilities are building a 
robust platform for sustained growth. We remain focused on disciplined execution, 
enhancing consumer engagement and creating enduring value for all stakeholders. 
 
With this, I would like to hand over to Mr. Vikas Kothari, our CFO, who will present the 
operational and financial highlights for the quarter ended 30th September 2025. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Kothari. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Thank you, Deepak, and a very good morning to everyone. I will now take you through 
a brief overview of the Company's financial performance for the quarter and half year 
ended 30th September '25. 
 
Revenue from operations for Q2 FY '26 stood at INR 488 crore, remaining largely flat 
compared to INR 490 crore in Q2 FY '25.  
EBITDA without other income was at INR 67 crore as compared to the corresponding 
quarter of the previous year at INR 70 crore. EBITDA margin slightly declined from 14.2% 
in Q2 FY '25 to 13.8% in Q2 FY '26, primarily due to increase in input costs. However, the 
said impact is partially mitigated by improved operational efficiency and cost 
optimization program. 
 
Gas costs witnessed a slight decrease during the quarter with the weighted average 
cost standing at INR 33.79 per cubic meter in Q2 FY '26 compared to INR 33.95 per 
cubic meter in Q2 FY '25. Our costs remain well below the industry average, reflecting 
the benefit of our balanced sourcing strategy and operational efficiencies. During the 
quarter, gas consumption was sourced 80% from GAIL and 20% from Sabarmati. 
Overall, gas cost as a percentage to revenue stood at 3.6%. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 4 of 14 
 
 
 
For the quarter under review, revenue contributions by segment were as under: -
Sanitaryware at 47%, Faucetware at 40%, Tiles at 11% and Wellness at 2%. On a Y-o-Y 
basis, Sanitaryware revenue grew by 1.4%, Tiles by 3.1%, Wellness by 3.2%, while 
Faucetware revenues declined by 3.5%. Revenue from Faucetware segment appears 
lower Y-o-Y, mainly due to the high base of the previous period, which was driven by 
the price increase implemented then. 
With no price revision taken in the current financial year, sales volume have remained 
healthy, and the apparent decline reflects the base effect rather than any weakness 
in the underlying demand. Our core categories, sanitaryware and faucetware 
together accounted for 87% of the total revenues. 
 
On the capacity utilization front, capacity utilization stood at 85% for Sanitaryware 
and 97% for Faucetware during the quarter under review. In terms of product 
positioning, 42% of our sales came from premium category, 36% from mid segment 
and 22% from entry-level products. From a geographical standpoint, Tier 3 cities led 
with 41% of sales, followed by Tier 1 at 36% and Tier 2 at 23%. 
 
Profit after tax stood at INR 57 crore as compared to previous year's quarter at INR 68 
crore. The profit after tax appears lower mainly due to deferred tax income 
recognized in the previous year arising from a change in the capital gain tax rate on 
long-term investments. The current year's figures reflect normal operations without this 
onetime tax impact. 
 
Earnings per share for the quarter was at INR 43.92 compared to INR 52.44 in Q2 FY '25. 
In terms of the working capital management, inventory days increased from 80 to 83 
days. Receivables raised from 31 to 33 days, while payable days remained stable at 
39 days, leading to a Y-o-Y increase in net working capital days from 72 to 77 days. 
 
For the half year under review, the Company reported net revenues of INR 907 crore, 
an increase of 2.2% as compared to H1 FY '25. EBITDA without other income was at 
INR 120 crore, a decrease from INR 126 crore in H1 FY '25 and the profit after tax 
reported at INR 103 crore, a decrease from INR 115 crore in H1 FY '25. 
 
As of 30th September '25, our cash and cash equivalents stood at INR 736 crore.  
For financial year '26, we have earmarked a capex outlay of around INR 23 crore. This 
primarily covers the routine maintenance requirements, along with focused 
investments to strengthen our brand presence and expand our retail footprint. Our 
capital allocation approach continues to remain prudent and aligned with our long-
term strategic priorities, ensuring that every rupee is deployed with clear visibility on 
returns and long-term value creation. 
We remain confident in Cera's financial resilience and its ability to deliver sustainable 
performance through cycles, supported by a healthy balance sheet, continued focus 
on operational efficiency and prudent working capital management, we are well 
placed to navigate the current environment with agility. Our disciplined capital 
allocation and cost optimization initiatives provides us with the flexibility to invest in 
strategic priorities and capitalize on emerging opportunities as the demand 
environment improves. 
 
With this, I would now request the moderator to open the line for Q&A. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from the 
line of Archana Gude with IDBI Capital.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 5 of 14 
 
 
Archana Gude: 
Congrats on the sequential improvement earnings. I have three questions. Firstly, on 
full year FY '26 earnings; - in the last earnings call, you guided for high single-digit sales 
growth and given we have grown just 2% in H1 of FY '26. Is the net sales growth of 13%, 
14% doable in H2 FY '26? Or do we have to rework the growth guidance, both on 
topline as well as operating margin front?  
Deepak Chaudhary: 
We continue to be optimistic about the H2 performance. Like we have done 2% in H1, 
we anticipate that H2 will be improving with all the macroeconomic factors being 
positive. So we anticipate that we should be ending H2 with something like 10% to 12% 
of a growth number. So that for the full year, we should end up at something like 7% 
to 8% growth for the full year. 
Archana Gude: 
Sure, sir. But then that also means we need to slightly reduce our operating margin 
guidance also? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Operating margin should be remaining at that region of 14.5% to 15% that we are 
seeing right now. Typically, because the numbers are smaller in the first half, you will 
find that operating margins are also slightly lower. Once the numbers improve in H2, 
which is typically higher than H1 by typically, it is 45% in the first half and 55% of our 
total sales coming in the second half. So, with improved volumes, the margins 
automatically improve in the quarter 3 and quarter 4. So, we should continue to 
maintain margins in the range of 14.5% to 15%. 
Archana Gude: 
Sure, sir. So, you spoke about capitalizing on this emerging macro demand tailwind. 
Can you help us understand it better in terms of any particular product segment is 
witnessing higher demand? Or is there any specific regional level revival? Also, how 
has the performance been in October and early November so far? 
Vikas Kothari: 
As far as the macro factors are concerned, whatever numbers we have told or the 
initial expectation we have given in H1, remains conditional on the recovery in the 
end market demand. But we see very positive signs in macro environment like the 
interest rates are stable, steady GDP growth is there, increased Government spending 
on housing and infrastructure and the recent rollout of GST 2.0, which simplifies the tax 
framework. So, overall, all these factors are encouraging in terms of improved H2, like 
Deepak highlighted earlier. And our understanding is that we will be able to reach the 
numbers, but we remain cautiously optimistic about the demand recovery, we stated 
would happen in H2 FY '26. 
Archana Gude: 
Sure, sir. In October and November, did we witness some green shoots in demand or 
was it still okay-ish; and do we need to give some more time to see the actual 
recovery? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, just to give you an overview, what we have seen is over the past several quarters, 
the demand is sluggish across all the categories. But what we have seen in H1, or 
towards the late start of H1, is that the Sanitaryware segment in our case, which was 
almost muted or in some quarters was degrowing, that degrowth has been arrested. 
And for the last two quarters, if you have seen, in this quarter, I think we have grown 
by 1.4%. 
 
And Faucetware is growing at a good speed, except this quarter, which was just a 
onetime adjustment in terms of the price rise that we took last year. So, Faucetware 
again is growing at a speed of 8% to 10%. So our understanding is that the growth, 
which is going to be there will come in H2, and we will definitely be able to see better 
months coming in the H2. 
Archana Gude: 
Sure, that was pretty helpful. Thank you so much and all the best, sir. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 6 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Praveen Sahay with PL Capital.  
Praveen Sahay: 
My first question is related to the divestment. So, in the press release, you had 
mentioned that you have received a consideration of around INR 18.7 crore. So is that 
booked in the P&L for Q2 or yet to be booked? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So Praveen, thank you very much for asking the question. Just to update, as we have 
already given our financials also, the Company has divested its stake in two subsidiary 
LLPs i.e Race Polymers Arts LLP and Packcart Packaging LLP. 
This is owing to the relatively lower business magnitude and limited strategic 
relevance, and with respect to the focus that we want to develop in our core business 
activities. So that was the event which occurred in Q2 before the closure of Q2. 
 
And regarding the deal which was completed, the total consideration we have 
received for these two LLPs is what you have rightly told is INR 18.75 crore. And we 
have recorded the profit on divestment of INR 5.54 crore, which forms part of this Q2 
and is in other income. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay, thank you for that. Second question is related to your guidance of 7% to 8% 
growth on the overall side. You also mentioned that the retail is a bit slow. And to offset 
that, you are entering in the project business. Now it is up to 39% contribution from the 
project business. So, the way forward in the latter year, we will see this contribution to 
increase further to bring the growth? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Praveen, it is very difficult to say, because whether the project size would as a 
proportion of the total business would be growing or not. Essentially, that is totally 
dependent upon how the demand revives. If retail improves, then obviously, this 
proportion will remain same and then over a period of time, steadily decline to the 
levels that we anticipate of 35%.  But if that sluggishness continues, then obviously, this 
proportion will most probably remain at this level or maybe again go up slightly. But 
that will totally depend upon the kind of growth which happens in retail. 
In the shorter term, let us say, for the H2 kind of the numbers that we are seeing, we 
think that it should remain at the current levels at the level of 40% because we have 
started seeing green shoots in the retail environment also. So we anticipate that it 
should be remaining in the level of 39%, 40% for the current year ending March '26. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Secondly, on the brands, Senator and Polipluz. So, are there any contribution 
so far from these two brands in our numbers? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Currently, it is more about the setting up of the team, setting up of the distribution 
channel and getting the products in place. So as of now, there are no significant 
numbers. The costs have started coming in, but the sales will be starting in Q3 and Q4. 
We anticipate that we should be ending the year with both these brands at 
something in the region of INR 40 crore to INR 45 crore. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Sorry, I missed. How much you said? INR 40 crore, INR 45 crore? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Correct. For Senator and POLIPLUZ taken together for the next two quarters? 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay, good to hear that. Thank you, sir, and all the best. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Thanks.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jaspreet Arora with Equentis PMS.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 7 of 14 
 
 
Jaspreet Arora: 
The segment-wise growth rate that you mentioned, just to clarify that sanitaryware 
registered 1% growth and faucets minus 3%, that was for Q2? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Right. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
Okay, and what would be, sir, for H1, the similar number? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, if you talk about H1, so in case of H1, Sanitaryware has grown by 0.58%, 
Faucetware has grown by 3.5%, Wellness has grown by 8.2% and Tiles have grown by 
roughly 4%. So overall growth in terms of H1 is 2.2%. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
So, faucets had grown 3%? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
3% plus and despite quarter 2 being negative. So the first quarter growth was very 
good? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes. So, you will see the impact in Q3, because like I told, in case of Faucetware, the 
price increase impact last year was taken because of the rising brass prices. And 
because of that anticipation, preorder bookings were done, resulting in a 
corresponding growth of roughly 20%; - that was a onetime impact. 
 
But overall, we are quite positive in terms of Faucetware demand. So there is a good 
demand in Faucetware. The impact, if you see for H1, was around 3.5%. The growth 
in Q1 was partly offset by this onetime effect. But we are quite positive that by the end 
of the year, the numbers which we are saying roughly 8% to 10% growth in 
Faucetware, seems achievable. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
Okay. So full year, we are saying 8% to 10% faucet revenue growth? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
And what would be the volume and price mix within this? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Volume and price mix is very difficult to say in case of Faucetware because both in 
case of sanitaryware as well as Faucetware because it is a completely mixed basket. 
And we have a lot of SKUs, which are in completely different price ranges. So we will 
always go by in terms of the revenue growth. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
But some idea, would a large part be price, I understand sanitaryware is difficult. Or 
even there, yes, so if you take one standard product or whatever, just to get a sense 
because volume at the end of the day is a barometer of how the economy is growing. 
Price is always secondary. I mean that is not in our hands. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
See if you look across, let us say, last 3, 4 years, there has been hardly any price 
increase which has been taken. Last year, we have taken a price increase of roughly 
on an average, it was working out to 5.5% to 6% for Faucetware. Even that, you will 
find that the price increase takes some time to get implemented because of the fact 
that for all the projects, you will have prices which are more or less remaining constant 
for the delivery period, which would be typically something from 1 year to 1.5 years. 
 
So, for projects, the rise starts happening only after the certain time lag. In retail also 
because the dealers normally you have an effective date, but the pickup starts 
happening only after some time. So the price increase has been only to the extent of 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 8 of 14 
 
 
6% last year. Apart from that, everything what has come, the increases which are 
coming are coming on account of volume only. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
Okay. And we are saying that for the second half against 2%-odd growth in revenue 
in the first half, in second half, we are expecting closer to 12% to 13% revenue growth. 
Is that what you said? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Correct.  
Jaspreet Arora: 
Okay. And just to understand that part, you mentioned there are certain 
macroeconomic factors which will come into play. So what I could not understand, 
what were those macroeconomic factors which were absent in 1H and which will now 
come into force in 2H? 
Vikas Kothari: 
No. So, like I talked about, there is a freeze as far as discretionary spending from the 
consumer side is concerned. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
There is a freeze? Slowdown. You mean a slowdown. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
Yes, you mean there is a slowdown in discretionary spending? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes. So, with all the positive signs which are coming, like the interest rates are stable, 
we see that a lot of spending is happening from the Government side as well. And all 
these factors, we believe will help us in terms of changing the mindset of the consumer 
in terms of whatever decisions they have postponed. So they will start initiating those 
decisions. And this will support the building material industry, including our sanitary and 
faucet industries as well.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Resha Mehta with Green Edge Wealth.  
Resha Mehta: 
So, just two questions, actually clarifications. Maybe I missed the opening remarks, but 
you have guided for a 7% to 8% overall topline growth for the full financial year? Or is 
that just for H2? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
For the full financial year. 
Resha Mehta: 
And within that, faucets will grow in double digits. Is that understanding right? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Correct, yes. 
Resha Mehta: 
Got it. And also, you mentioned that the 2 new brands, Senator and Polipluz will 
contribute to INR 40 crore, INR 45 crore in H2? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Correct. 
Resha Mehta: 
And in terms of gross margin, so why did we see a compression in gross margin this 
quarter? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Gross margins is more or less remaining the same. You will find that across quarters; 
there will always be a variation of 1% or 2%. But otherwise, it is always in that range of 
52% to 55%. The discounts, typically, you will find that the gross margin is a function of 
two things. One is the kind of discounts which is being offered by the Company. 
Second would be the cost of the products that we are selling. So discounts have kind 
of remained stable over the last couple of quarters, you can see vis-a-vis Q1, we have 
seen that discounts are not going up. They are stabilized. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 9 of 14 
 
 
But if you look at in comparison with the previous quarter, you will find a slight 0.5% 
kind of a difference between the kind of discounts we offered in Q2 of the previous 
year as compared to Q2 of the current year. But now that discount trend has been 
arrested. 
 
So, there are a lot of factors which go into making that the kind of stock which was 
being uploaded, the kind of mix which has been sold. So there is a slight variation on 
a quarterly basis. But overall basis, you will find that the gross margin remains constant. 
Resha Mehta: 
Right. And any input cost inflation? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, regarding the input cost, largely what we have seen is that the brass cost, which 
has shown an increase last year, after that, it remained within the range of INR 590 to 
INR 600 per kg. So that remains there. But again, when we talk about the current 
scenario, as of November. The metal price, the brass price has again taken a sharp 
increase. It is beyond INR 600, roughly around INR 620 or INR 630. So that is one factor 
which has impacted the margins, and the profitability. So we are cautiously watching 
this in terms of any subsequent rise and if the brass prices are continuously on a rising 
trend, that will be taken care of. But we are right now reviewing the market scenarios 
in terms of the metal market. 
And with respect to other prices, other input prices like clay and feldspar chemicals, 
which are used. There is an increase versus Q2 of last year. So those prices have 
increased slightly. But largely, the focus is with respect to the brass prices. So, what we 
are smartly doing is with these prices increases, we are improving, offsetting, or 
partially offsetting the impact with our improved operational efficiencies and the 
ongoing cost optimization initiatives, we are taking across the categories. 
Resha Mehta: 
But no price hikes being planned, right? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes, it is not planned because I think in the month of October, November, the brass 
prices have grown drastically. But still, we want to see the pattern. And then if we see 
there is an impact because in case of Faucetware, almost 60% to 65% of the cost of 
the product pertains to the input cost. And if we see the stable trade in terms of the 
price increase, then we may take a decision. But right now, there is no such plan. 
Resha Mehta: 
All right, thank you. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Karan Bhatelia with Amsec.  
Karan Bhatelia: 
With respect to the Senator and Polipluz portfolio, while you mentioned that INR 45 
crore, INR 50 crore could be seen in the current year. How do we see next 2, 3 years 
in terms of revenue potential and the scale up in the margin profile as well? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
In respect of the margin profile, like Senator will have slightly higher margins as 
opposed to the kind of mix that we are having right now. We expect that it should 
have margins to the tune of 20% to 22%. Polipluz, we expect it to be slightly higher. It 
should be in the range of 25%. The kind of volumes and the numbers that we have 
projected for the next 2 years, like this should be contributing to something like INR 150 
crore of turnover from Senator and Polipluz taken together. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Right. And what kind of new product launches we have seen in the core category of 
sanitaryware, faucet for first half and the expansion in the network? 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 10 of 14 
 
 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
There has been no new launches in Sanitaryware and Faucetware because we had 
quite a few launches in the last couple of years. Our product portfolio has undergone 
a complete change in the last 2 years. So this year, the launches were mostly in 
Polipluz and in Senator, where the new products, all the new range has been 
launched. So for the first half, there were no further launches in sanitaryware and in 
faucets. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Okay, that is it from my end. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Syed Nawaz, an Individual Investor.  
Syed Nawaz: 
So, I have a few questions about the premium products that we are launching, 
specifically the Senator brand and Polipluz. Since the Company is transitioning into 
the premium market segment where 42% to 43% has been the average contribution 
to the overall revenues. How are we expecting to compete in the segment where we 
have already established players in the Sanitaryware segment, such as Hindware and 
some other players as well who specifically cater to the premium category? What is 
the marketing position of the Company how are we looking to further capture the 
market in the premium segment? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
See, Cera has a long standing, like we have been in the premium segment for quite 
some time. But now we are trying to go a level up from the premium segment that we 
are already present to address the one which is being currently catered to more of 
the multinational brands. So, the idea is to have a completely different kind of a 
product profile. The kind of products we are having for Senator is very different from 
what we are currently have in our Cera portfolio. So, there is an upgradation in the 
kind of both the aesthetics, the kind of features and complete different product 
profile, which we are offering for Senator. The kind of experience that will be offered 
to the consumer would be also very different. For this particular brand, we are 
targeting a completely new set of dealers, a new set of showroom and a customer 
experience, which will be very different from what is available for the Cera portfolio. 
So, the idea is to reach a set of consumers, which is not as of now being addressed 
by the Cera. There was no focus right now for those particular products. So the idea 
behind Senator is to give a more focused drive on the premium segment. 
Syed Nawaz: 
Any marketing burn or any marketing spends, etcetera? Because as you said that we 
are entering into a new segment altogether, which has not yet been explored by 
Cera. So are we expecting any marketing burn as well? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Like in the first year, like we are talking about, let us say, the two quarters which have 
gone by and also the H2, the focus would be mostly on the getting the showrooms 
ready and also more on the acting on the influencers, getting the influencers on 
board, making them aware about the brand because they are the ones who kind of 
bring in the consumer and the final decision tilt happens because of them. 
 
So, in the first year, it will be mostly focused on getting products and showrooms ready. 
So, the total spend that we intend to do would be carved out of the total budget that 
we have. We expect it to be in the range of INR 10 crore to INR 12 crore. From next 
year onwards, you will find that, that amount would increase, both for Senator as well 
as for the Polipluz also. 
Syed Nawaz: 
And I have another question about the forecasted profits that we have discussed. 
More specifically, again, it would be a very novice statement to make from my side, 
but I have observed that there is a reduction in the amount of sales achieved. And 
historically, again, at least in 4 or 5 years, we see that there is a slight reduction in the 
revenue of the Company. I have studied the data for the past 10 years. And I just 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 11 of 14 
 
 
wanted to get clarity, on whether we are looking at a sluggish market or at least lower 
demand in terms of real estate development projects being undertaken? Or what is 
the exact reason behind the fall in revenue or fall in the general demand for the 
products? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
See, if you look at, as you are mentioning in respect of Cera, we had a good growth, 
let us say, till 2 years back or rather 3 years back from which the numbers have 
stagnated. We have been in the region of INR 1,800 crore to INR 1,900 crore over the 
last 3 years. So as you mentioned, the demand has been sluggish. It has been 
especially true for the retail segment over the last, you can say, 7, 8 quarters, 2 years. 
 
But over a period of time, we have found that our project business has started growing 
traction. The project which business which used to constitute something like 30% earlier 
has now gone up to 39%. And we anticipate that once the retail demand picks up, 
that growth, which has been missing over the last 7, 8 quarters, should again be back 
on track. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Lakshmi Narayan with Tunga Investments.  
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Sir, I observed that in the sanitaryware category, the competition is quite high, and 
we see that an entrant who has been restricted to Faucetware has actually started 
getting traction in sanitaryware. Now does that explain some amount of slowness in 
our growth? That is my first question. Second, - how the realization of sanitaryware 
improved in the last 1 year or so? And what is the average realization for sanitaryware 
for us? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, like you told, in terms of the entrants or in terms of the players who are dealing in 
Faucetware, they have got an opportunity to come into the sanitaryware segment 
also. So, we have seen for the last several quarters that there are new entrants who 
have entered into the bathware zone. So again, since we are seeing that the market 
itself is not very growing because of the sluggishness in the environment. Overall, the 
comment from Cera's side would be that Cera being a brand which is established for 
more than four decades and with product lines, quality and other things well 
established, brand loyalty and the type of innovation we put in our products, is going 
to be a sustainable model.  
 
 
Again, with respect to comparison with the new entrants, the service differentiation, 
we provide in terms of after sale and the wide dealer network we have, that is the 
plus point. So, there is an opportunity for them in a period where demand is sluggish. 
But on a long-term basis, we are quite confident that once the demand pattern will 
improve, definitely, our revenues will improve as we have projected in terms of the 
overall growth. 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Just on that one, if I look at some of the housing sales, etcetera, at least in the premium 
segment or even in the INR 50 lakh to INR 1 crore, the registrations in top metros 
continue to grow. And even some of them have actually taken possession. So, I am 
just trying to understand what is the correlation one can actually expect between 
that and our industry growth because there seems to be some kind of disconnect, 
though we always know that only towards the end people actually install the 
sanitaryware, but somehow it is not adding up. Can you just explain to me why is this? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
What you are saying is correct. Like if you look at the scenario which has happened 
post-COVID, the growth traditionally, Cera has been there in the premium and the 
mass premium brand. And the growth over there in those particular markets have 
been kind of stagnant. You have had quite a new players who have been coming in 
over there. You also have a segment which has been growing quite well, the 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 12 of 14 
 
 
premium, the luxury segment, the metro market, where you will find that a few players 
have been able to capture that market, where Cera was not having a very strong 
presence. So that is the idea that we have come out with that brand Senator, which 
is targeted towards the market, which is as of now showing traction. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Arun Baid with ICICI Securities.  
Arun Baid: 
Sir, just one clarification. You said your margins will be 14.5%, 15%. This is for the full year, 
right? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Correct, yes.  
Arun Baid: 
And second thing is in the first half of this year, how much money we would have 
booked in the P&L with regards to Polipluz and Senator because of expense for the 
employees? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
In the current half year, which has ended, the sales have been marginal because it 
was more about getting the products and the leadership in place. So, the amount of 
sales in the first quarter is kind of negligible. 
Arun Baid: 
No, I am asking for expense because you must have hired people, branding expense 
you have done, how much would that be? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
See, for the kind of showroom development, which has happened, it is an ongoing 
thing. The cash outflow happens, but the actual expenditure comes in by way of 
depreciation, which will be happening over the next, you can say, a few quarters. In 
terms of branding, there would have been some expense. We have not initially 
categorized it specifically for Senator, what amount has been spent. 
 
The main impact would be on the people front, where we anticipate that for these 
two brands taken together, we would be having an annualized expenditure of 
something like INR 15 crore, you can say INR 14 crore to INR 15 crore for the full year. 
So the team development had started. So, a part of that expenditure would have 
been, the main expense would have gone into Senator and Polipluz. 
Arun Baid: 
So, roughly the first half, would it be right to assume that you would have spent, I am 
talking of the employee expense only, around INR 5 crore to INR 7 crore would be the 
right assumption for the first half? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
It will be in the range of, yes, INR 5 crore. 
Arun Baid: 
Okay. And the second thing is, you mentioned that INR 150 crore is what you budget 
from these 2 brands. This is by FY '27? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Correct. FY '27. 
Arun Baid: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jaspreet Arora with Equentis PMS.  
Jaspreet Arora: 
Just to clarify, sir, you mentioned this extra income or a one-off income of INR 5.5 crore. 
So, the PBT of INR 72 crore would become whatever lesser by that much, right? INR 66 
crore, INR 67 crore. Is that how to read it, the recurring PBT? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
The EBITDA without other income is in the range of INR 67 crore as opposed to INR 
69.60 crore in the previous corresponding quarter. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 13 of 14 
 
 
Jaspreet Arora: 
And the PBT of INR 72 crore includes this INR 5.5 crore of exceptional income? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Yes. INR 5.5 crore. Correct.  
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes. It is with other income, correct. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
Okay, that helps. And just lastly, are there any measures within the cost side, 
particularly on the fixed side? I understand on the variable side, it might be difficult, - 
there is already inflation and price increase is difficult. 
So, on the cost side, because other building material companies are doing a fair bit 
on the cost side, on the fixed cost side, whether it is salaries or overheads, do you have 
any scope for adjustments there to ensure that the margins do not dip beyond a 
point? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
See, this is a continuous exercise. Like over the last eight quarters where we have not 
witnessed an increase in revenue, the topline has not been growing. You find that the 
kind of margins that we have been able to maintain has been primarily because of 
the fact that we have undertaken a continuous basis cost optimization program. That 
is across the functions, across all categories, across all functions. So other players may 
have started doing it now, and that is why... 
Jaspreet Arora: 
No, any specific areas you can highlight? Sorry to cut, any specific areas you want to 
highlight and also give the impact because this is a little bit generic what you are 
saying, which we appreciate. But quantum will help rather than generic and specific 
areas where you have done something? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
That is what I am trying to explain that it is not some one area which is kind of... 
Jaspreet Arora: 
But the biggest area, the top two areas, because you will understand the quantum 
that way, and the quantum if you can share? As a percentage of revenue, how much 
from what to what? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
One area where we have really tried to extract more value and not increase is the 
publicity spend. If you look at the kind of publicity spend that we have been doing 
earlier, you find that it has more or less remained constant or has slightly decreased. 
So one would be that area. 
 
Second area has been the kind of efficiencies which we have been able to get within 
the plant. Efficiencies is not by way of expense kind of reduction only. It is the kind of 
output that we are able to generate with the same amount of resources. That has 
gone up tremendously both in the sanitaryware as well as the faucet plant. How it 
really helps is that earlier you were incurring all costs for gaining a certain amount of 
output. Now the same cost, slightly increased cost is going for a much higher level of 
output. So essentially, the kind of rejections which you were having earlier. If you look 
at the sanitaryware plant, you will find that this is a major, major issue. Across, you will 
find that whenever a new player is setting up a plant in sanitaryware, they find it 
extremely difficult to stabilize because of the fact that rejections are extremely high. 
 
If you introduce a new product, you will find the rejections goes up and it takes time 
to stabilize. So we have been able to kind of bring out higher efficiencies over there, 
reduce the level of rejections so that earlier you were incurring all costs and then 
throwing away the piece. Now you find that you are incurring the cost, but you are 
getting a higher output so that your costs are getting spread over a larger number of 
units. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q2 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 14 of 14 
 
 
Jaspreet Arora: 
Understood. And the employee cost, - inflation looks to be 4% to 5% in the first half. Is 
that how to read for the full year employee cost inflation? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Typically, the employee cost because for the staff, it has gone up in the range of 10.5% 
to 11%. For the workers, you will find that it will be in the range of 5%. But we are 
anticipating a wage increase to happen in the second half. So that should take it for 
the whole year to be in the range of, let us say, 7% to 8%, if that happens in this year. 
Jaspreet Arora: 
Okay. 7% to 8% for the full year, the entire wage bucket? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Correct.  
Jaspreet Arora: 
All right, this really helps. Thank you so much for the clarification and best wishes. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the 
end of question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Thank you, everyone, for attending this call and showing interest in Cera Sanitaryware 
Limited. Should you need any further clarification or would like to know more about 
the company, please feel free to reach out to me or to CDR India. Thank you once 
again for taking the time to join the call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Cera Sanitaryware Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The 
transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
