GUJARAT STATE FERTILIZERS & CHEMICALS LIMITED
ffi
Fertilizernagar - 391 750. Vadodara, Gujarat, lNDlA.
CIN : 199999GJ L962P1C00112 1
NO.SEC/SE/TRANSi2O25
l8th November,2025
The Corporate Relationship Department
BSE Limited
lst Floor, New Trading Ring
Rotunda Bldg., P.J.Towers, Dalal Street
Fort, MUMBAI - 400 001
SCRIP CODE: 500690
The Manager, Listing DePartment
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
'Exchange Plaza', C/1, Block G
Bandra-Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), MUMBAI - 400 051
SYMBOL: GSFC
Dear Sir / Madam,
Sub.: Transcript of the Investor ConCall held on Wednesdav. 12th November' 2025
We refer our submission vide letter dated 4ft November, 2025 wherein the intimation was made that the
Conference Call with Analysts is scheduled on 12ft Novembet,2l25 from 3:30 PM IST'
we are enclosing a copy of the transcription of conference call. The aforesaid information is also disclosed on the
website of the company at www.ssfclimited'com'
Kindly take note of the above.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd"
Nidhi Pillai
Company SecretarY &
Vice President (Legal)
MembershiP No.: A15142
E-mail : investors@gsfcltd.com
Encl.: a/a
Ph. : (O) +91-265-2242451,2242651,2242751 ' 2242641
Fax: +91-265-2240966 -2240119 o Email : ho@gsfcltd.com . Website :www.gsfclimited'com
lso 9001,1s0 14001, lso 45001 & lso 50001 Geilified Gompany
\?
nesponslbt€ C.re'
NIDHI 
PILLAI
Digitally signed by NIDHI PILLAI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2478, 
2.5.4.20=bbb3c8fa5142141b378911a384a80
e11c82368e2fbbec6e58ff309662d738d7c, 
postalCode=391750, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=63f90854491d7703e944f1895
2481d557dab34868885430561e699f882871
e40, cn=NIDHI PILLAI 
Date: 2025.11.18 15:10:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
“Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited 
Q2 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 12, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. S.K. BAJPAI – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, (FINANCE 
AND LEGAL) AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – GUJARAT 
STATE FERTILIZER & CHEMICALS LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. S.V. VARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, (AGRIBUSINESS, 
HRS & IR) – GUJARAT STATE FERTILIZER & CHEMICALS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Gujarat 
State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited Conference Call for 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings. This conference call is being hosted by 
Anurag Services LLP on behalf of GSFC Limited. 
From the management, we have Mr. S.K. Bajpai, Senior 
Vice President (Finance &Legal) and CFO; Mr. S.V. Varma, 
Executive Director (Agri Business, HRS and IR) and other 
senior members from the management. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. S.K. Bajpai, (Senior 
Vice President (Finance & Legal) and CFO, GSFC Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
S.K. Bajpai: 
Thank you. So good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for 
joining us for Q2 2025-26 Earnings Call of Gujarat State 
Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited. It's always great to connect 
with all of you and share the key updates that we have from 
the quarter. I'm hoping you had a chance to review the 
financial results, media release and investor presentation 
available on the stock exchanges and also on our company's 
website. 
 
If we see consolidated financial performance on Y-o-Y basis 
Quarter 2, revenue from operation expanded by 21% Y-o-Y 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 3 of 19 
 
from (Rs.2,635 crores to Rs. 3,187 crores. PBT rose by 11% 
Y-o-Y from RS. 387 crores to Rs. 428 crores and PAT by 
9% from Rs. 298 crores to Rs. 324 crores. 
 
If we see half yearly result Y-o-Y, revenue from operations 
grew by 12% from Rs. 4,798 crores to Rs. 5,372 crores. PBT 
rose by 23% from Rs. 500 crores to Rs. 613 crores and PAT 
rose by 20% from Rs. 386 crores to Rs. 463 crores. 
And now if we look quarter-over-quarter, then being the 
high season for fertilizer segment, revenue from operation 
grew by 46% from Rs.2,184 crores to Rs. 3,187 crores. PBT 
jumped by 132% from Rs. 184 crores to Rs. 428 crores and 
PAT by 134% from Rs. 139 crores to Rs. 324 crores. I think 
you have also seen these results published, and I'm not 
repeating the numbers on a standalone basis. But it is more 
or less similar because, there is no much difference in 
consolidation and standalone numbers. 
The company commenced the second quarter of current 
financial year with its strongest ever performance, 
registering total sales of Rs. 3,140 crores, up 20% on a year-
over-year basis and profit after tax of Rs. 320 crore, marking 
6% improvement over the corresponding period last year. 
The fertilizer business saw a 21% gain in revenue and 
increased sales volume from 5.47 lakh metric ton to 6.08 
lakh metric ton, including significant DAP trading which 
was the main driver of growth. 
 
However, due to sharp rises in the cost of imported raw 
materials like phosphoric acid by 20%, sulfuric acid by 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 4 of 19 
 
123% and sulphur by 150%, EBIT moderated to Rs. 224 
crores from Rs. 257 crores, offsetting the advantage of 
increased realization in P&K fertilizers. The 15% drop in 
urea realization put pressure on margins, although softer 
natural gas and ammonia prices offered some respite. 
The Industrial Products segment registered a strong 
turnaround with sales up 13% year-on-year basis to Rs. 618 
crores and EBIT improving from a loss of Rs. 17 crores to a 
profit of Rs. 54 crores. The improvement was led by higher 
sales of traded products such as ammonia and higher 
production volume of HX Crystal, which overcame the 
headwinds in caprolactam and other major industrial 
products. 
While the caprolactam benzene spread declined from $620 
per metric ton to $512 per metric ton. Cost optimization 
measures 
and 
product 
mix 
management 
supported 
profitability. Overall, the company maintained a healthy 
performance in Q2, demonstrating resilience against raw 
material volatility and sustaining growth momentum across 
both business segments. 
 
We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet with no 
long-term debt, healthy net worth and adequate liquidity. 
Our liquidity position has also been supported by the timely 
disbursement of government subsidies, reflecting a proactive 
fiscal approach by the authorities. 
As of date, the company has received subsidy dues for P&K 
fertilizers up to third week of September and urea claims up 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 5 of 19 
 
to second week of October. This provides the foundation for 
advancing our capex roadmap as detailed in the investor 
presentation.  
The Sulfuric Acid V project is slated to be commissioned in 
coming quarter of current financial year, providing both 
incremental capacity and cost efficiency benefits. The 
project will cater the requirement of Sulfuric Acid for 
manufacturing of Fertilizers like Ammonium Sulphate and 
Ammonium Phosphate Sulphate. Further, the steam 
generated therefrom shall be available for utilization at 
Vadodara Complex. 
 
Against the backdrop of an ever-normal southwest monsoon 
and higher minimum support prices for key Rabi crops, 
healthy demand for agri imports is expected to sustain in the 
upcoming quarter. The Government has announced an NBS 
subsidy rates for second half of '25-'26 with a 10% increase 
in phosphorus and sulphur nutrients, aligning with the rise in 
the global raw material prices. 
The country also enters the Rabi season with comfortable 
opening fertilizer inventories. During the third quarter, the 
company is well-positioned to achieve sales in line with 
availability built up through its domestic manufacturing 
capacities. 
 
The caprolactam benzene spread is expected to remain under 
pressure in coming quarter amid oversupply conditions, a 
prolonged shutdown in China, enhanced US tariffs and 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 6 of 19 
 
continued influx of low-priced Chinese imports, which may 
keep prices across the nylon value chain subdued. 
Demand for melamine is projected to remain steady in both 
domestic and export markets. HX Crystal demand is likely to 
stay soft in the domestic market, though export volumes are 
expected to improve. 
Demand for other industrial product is expected to remain 
stable during the quarter, though pricing pressure may 
persist due to cheaper Chinese imports. Overall, the 
company anticipates a stable demand and turnover in the 
Industrial Products segment in the next quarter. 
 
I'll now turn over the call for questions and answers. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of 
Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, first is on our volumes for ammonium sulphate and 
ammonium sulphate phosphate. So last time when we 
interacted, you tell us on the conference call that our 
expected volumes for FY '26 would be close to around 10 
lakh tons as against 11.5 lakh tons, which we have clocked 
in FY '25. So, since we have already done 650,000 tons of 
volumes in first half, are we revising that guidance in terms 
of the production and sales volume for both these grades? 
S.K. Bajpai: 
Actually, total volume may be 6.55 lakhs tons. But in the last 
quarter, there was urea revamp. So availability of urea was 
lesser. And ammonium sulphate and ammonium phosphate 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 7 of 19 
 
sulphate, the production is continuous. I don't think any 
lesser capacity utilization is there. However, Mr. Varma the 
ED Marketing will give more justification on that. 
Sanjeev Varma: You are talking about overall... 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yes, yes. So even if you can guide for both these grades of 
fertilizer, what we are expecting for this financial year and 
also for Q3, that would be very helpful. 
Sanjeev Varma: Actually if you see the overall fertilizer, next quarter, we are 
expecting this quarter, Q3, again, 5.5 lakhs tons to 6 lakhs 
tons this thing. But Q4 is again a lean season for fertilizers. 
And that is what we will be we have been a little 
conservative on that thing. But we are trying to see that our 
plants are running completely on 100%. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Okay. Okay. Because, sir, last year, Q4, we did close to 
around 350,000 tons of manufacturing volumes. So safe to 
assume that the number would be closer to that 350,000 tons 
in Q4? 
Sanjeev Varma: Yes, yes. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. Correct. Also, sir, this improvement in profitability 
on a sequential basis, though on a Y-o-Y basis, it is down on 
a per ton basis for Fertilizer segment as a whole and you 
rightly explained because of the increase in the raw material 
cost. So since the subsidy rates have been revised upwards 
for phosphoric for the P grade, are we expecting some 
improvement in the margin for Q3? Or should the similar 
number holds true for Q3 also? 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 8 of 19 
 
S.K. Bajpai: 
There will not be much variation because only 10% 
phosphorus and sulphur content is increased. So that around 
5% to 7%. 7%, in case of DAP increase, which is not a very 
big increase. However, if you see the prices of phosphoric 
acid has increased 20% and sulphur, you know that it is 
150%. So we are commissioning Sulfuric Acid V project. 
So, sulfuric acid will be available for production of 
ammonium sulphate and ammonium phosphate sulphate in 
Vadodara complex. So that will give some type of relief 
while the increased price of sulfuric acid and sulphur. So that 
may have a positive impact on the profit margins of the 
ammonium sulphate and ammonium phosphate sulphate. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. And sir, on the trading side, when we see our 
volumes, predominantly on the P&K side, like we did close 
to around 1,07,00 tons of volume. So was it more of the 
DAP side where government is compensating close to 
around 5% of the MRP as fixed margins to the players so 
that we can keep on importing the DAP? So is this because 
of the higher DAP volumes in the trading side? 
S.K. Bajpai: 
Yes, you're right that around 1 lakh metric ton and over 1 
lakh metric tons, we have imported DAP and government 
prescribed 4% return on the MRP. So that is a secure 
business. So we imported and to make DAP available in the 
Indian market, Indian farmers, we imported mainly DAP 
during the last quarter. 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. And sir, the sales guidance of this 5.5 lakhs ton to 
Rs.6 lakhs ton what you mentioned for Q3 also includes our 
trading volumes, right? 
S.K. Bajpai: 
Yes. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. Got it. Sir, second question is on, let's say, based on 
our current production of AS, ASP and let's say, the smaller 
amount of DAP, what we produced. Can you help us 
understand how much is our annual requirement for 
ammonia, phos acid and sulfuric acid? 
S.K. Bajpai: 
See, in case of our Sikka unit, we need around 3 lakh ton to 
3.5 lakhs ton PA solution for running the plant at 100% 
capacity, the way we are running today and around 1.5 lakh 
tons of ammonia. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Okay. And Baroda complex, sir? 
S.K. Bajpai: 
Baroda, we have our own manufacturing. So we are 
producing, we have been manufacturing PA and ammonia 
both here. So it's there. And we are not dependent on 
anybody here. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. Correct. And sir, this improvement in industrial 
products, what you mentioned in your opening remarks, we 
had done some ammonia trading also, and from last one 
month, we have seen a substantial increase in the ammonia 
prices. 
So last quarter, you mentioned that we did something around 
Rs.20 crores of profits through ammonia trading in first 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 10 of 19 
 
quarter. So if you can also help us to understand what was 
this number for Q2? And how we are seeing Q3 because of 
this increased ammonia prices? 
S.K. Bajpai: 
No, our mainly long-term contracts for ammonia is based on 
the imported price plus delta. So whatever the increase in the 
price will not impact the margins in the ammonia trading. 
And we are continuing the ammonia trading from the Sikka 
Unit, whatever imports of ammonia we are doing for our 
consumption, along with the volume for the trading we do it 
from Sikka Unit. So, I don't think that there will be much 
impact on our margins due to the price hike of ammonia. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Right. Any numbers you can quote for Q2 in terms of 
profitability from ammonia trading out of this Rs.53 crores 
what we have reported for Q2? 
S.K. Bajpai: 
No, this Rs.53 crores is not only from the ammonia. The 
major part of the profitable product is HX Crystal, which we 
are producing in the Baroda complex and it comes under the 
IP segment. So the HX Crystal is a good product where the 
intermittent product HAS of caprolactam product is diverted 
to the manufacture HX crystal. 
So that new plant has started the production, and we are 
getting a good margin on that. So caprolactam is not that 
much profitable because of the international prices of the 
caprolactam are squeezing to a bottom-line level. So we are 
producing and concentrating on other products like HX 
Crystal. So ammonia trading is one part of the IP segment, 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 11 of 19 
 
but there are some more activities for improving this IP 
segment results. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Just to add here, like what's our current capacity of HX plant 
and what rate we are operating currently? 
S.K. Bajpai: 
Capacity is 9,000 metric ton per annum. We are having two 
plants, HX Crystal 1 and HX Crystal 2. Both together, the 
capacity is 9,000 metric ton per annum. Our pricing, I would 
not like to share because it is a very sensitive pricing. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So it is operating at full? 
S.K. Bajpai: 
Yes, it is operating at full capacity, sir. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. Sir, last question from my side. Sir, we have already 
completed our urea revamp project, I think, sometime in 
June 2025. So have we seen the benefit in terms of 
improvement in profitability? Last time you touched upon 
that we are in discussions with the government in terms of 
reimbursement of the cost what we have incurred for this. So 
any thoughts here? 
Also, if you can share like any discussions with the 
government in terms of the fixed cost reimbursement like 
since it is pending since long. So if you can just touch upon 
both these aspects that will be very helpful. 
S.K. Bajpai: 
Yes. Urea revamping project, as you rightly said, has cut 
down the steam consumption. And the government has still 
not fixated the subsidy. So it is under consideration of the 
government, and they will provide something whatever the 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 12 of 19 
 
rate they are fixing for GSFC, for subsidy reimbursement. 
And we have already requested government to consider this 
return on net worth, what we have incurred the capital cost 
for the revamping project. 
So it is under consideration on government. Second, fixed 
cost, it is also going on from the government level, and we 
have represented and given our fixed cost expectation and 
they are in dialogue with all the companies, not only from 
GSFC. So in fact, after a few days only we are having a 
meeting with the government to represent our case what is 
the fixed cost we are incurring. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket 
Kapoor. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, in the case you alluded in your opening remarks that this 
has been the best quarterly performance for us. So going 
ahead, sir, how you are seeing the profitability will shape up 
for the second half? And how will the demand for the Rabi 
season will be there as the water reservoir levels are at an 
optimum level? 
S.K. Bajpai: 
The fertilizer demand is always there. There is no problem. 
There was some heavy rains in some pocket of India. But 
barring that, our business is distributed in 15 states. So we 
strategize placement based on that thing. So it is not 
impacted and we are small in fertilizer compared to the 
overall requirement. So business is not much affected. 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
And as far as profitability of the current quarter is concerned, 
so whatever measures we have taken for cost optimization 
and like urea revamping and putting the solar plants and all 
other measures what the company has taken. So this is not a 
one-off its kind, but it will continue for a longer period. So I 
think this profitability will continue. There is no hindrance I 
am just now foreseeing for the next quarter or coming 
quarter and years. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, and what have we factored in, in terms of the 
subsidy received for this quarter? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
Subsidy received during the quarter? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. And also that, the one which has been shared with 
the revenue from operations? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
Actually, subsidy disbursal is not the problem for us and the 
government reimbursed the subsidy very quick. So up to the 
last week of the last month, we have received the subsidy. 
Subsidy received during the quarter 2 is Rs.1,176 crores. 
Moderator: 
There's a follow-up question from the line of Nirav Jimudia 
from Anvil Wealth. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yes, sir, just a follow-up. Sir, since we are starting our 
sulfuric acid plant in Q3 with a capacity of 198,000 tons, 
would there be any surplus sulfuric acid available with us to 
sell in the open market? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
No. We may not sell in the open market because we need in 
Sikka also it's completely based on financial things we'll take 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 14 of 19 
 
the decision, but we can send it to Sikka because we need 
sulfuric acid there also. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. Okay. And sir, with this expansion, if you can just 
help us understand like what is our current capacity of 
sulfuric acid at both the units also for ammonia and 
phosphoric acid? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
Ammonia is 1,350 metric tons per day which means it is 
around 4.4 lakhs tons. And current sulfuric acid 5.77 lakhs 
metric ton per day, ammonia is at 4.45 lakhs ton. And in 
case of phosphoric acid, we have here 60,000 metric ton 
only capacity. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. Correct. And this 450,000 tons of capacity for phos 
acid, what you mentioned, is that capacity operating at full 
because then we would be required raw. 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
We are talking sulfuric acid. Both are different, Nirav. I 
think the sulfuric acid, we have 5.7 lakh tonnes capacity here 
in Baroda unit. We are adding 1.8 so it will be 7.5 
approximately. And in case of phosphoric acid, we have only 
60,000 capacity approximately in Baroda, not more than 
that. Ammonia also 4.45 lakhs in Baroda. In Sikka, we don't 
have any capacity there for production. It's completely 
imported. 
Moderator: 
There is a follow-up question from the line of Saket Kapoor. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, the first point was about the Industrial Chemicals 
segment. As you mentioned that we have taken necessary 
steps to improve the profitability. And you did mention 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 15 of 19 
 
about one of the components of the intermediate products 
that we are selling to avoid dumping more of caprolactam. 
So how do we see this segment performing for the remaining 
half of the year? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
It will continue as it is, I think, because the HX crystal plant 
is running at full capacity, and there is no much change in 
the margins and sales of HX sulphate. But it all depends on 
the caprolactam benzene spread. If it improves, then further, 
there will be improvement in the margin of IP segment.  
Other than that, there is a melamine product where the sales 
realization in India is not that great if you compare it with 
the export sales. So we have increased the export side of the 
melamine. So we are realizing at least 20% higher sales price 
by exporting the melamine. So that is one more factor, sir, 
that improves the IP segment margins. 
Saket Kapoor: 
But sir, if you take the granular details of we did industrial 
products revenue of Rs.618 crores for the quarter and our 
PBT comes out at Rs.54 crores. So as you mentioned that the 
contribution has been from HX crystals and melamine. Can 
you further split into what are the major components to this 
profitability, which have contributed to the profitability? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
Main is the ammonia trading actually, whatever ammonia we 
are trading, it comes in the IP segment. Exact number it is 
difficult to share, but there are 3, 4 factors I have narrated. 
One is the HX crystal, one is ammonia another one is 
ammonia trading. Third is melamine export, we have started, 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 16 of 19 
 
so there is better realization. All these factors coming 
together improves the margins of the IP segment. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And what would be the ballpark contribution from 
ammonia trading and this activity we are going to continue 
going ahead? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
Yes, yes. This is long-term contract actually. So whatever 
import price is there, I have narrated earlier with some delta, 
we are providing ammonia to the corporate. So this will 
continue. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, can you give a color on the contribution for this 
quarter or for the first half? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
Contribution of which? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Profitability from the trading of ammonia under the 
industrial products segment. 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
Just now it is difficult for me to share the contribution and 
individual product contribution. So we will discuss some 
other time regarding these details because it is price sensitive 
to the market. We would not like to disclose it just now. 
Saket Kapoor: 
But there are factors in continuity that will allow us to create 
these margins in the trading business going ahead also? Or 
this is any one-off period that we are enjoying this facility? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
No, no, this will continue. As I have narrated that it is import 
price plus delta. So it is a term contract. So that margin will 
always be available till the time our contract is there with the 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 17 of 19 
 
corporates. And we are supplying ammonia with the same 
margin. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, now coming to the capex part. What have been the 
capitalization for the first half? And sir, going ahead, our 
capital work in progress closing balance is Rs.413 crores. So 
if you could just give some color which projects you will be 
capitalizing for the second half? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
Second half is sulfuric acid V project, which is slated to be 
commissioned just within a month or so. So that work in 
progress must be lying in the capital work in progress. But 
apart from that, there is no major project to be capitalized in 
the near future. We have just started this in Sikka DAP trend 
to be converted for or having an additional facility to 
produce NPK grade of fertilizers. So that there is no much 
expenditure till now. But other than that, capital work in 
progress does not have much pending capital to be 
capitalized. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, there were news of fertilizer shortages, 
especially with the urea part for the last the kharif season. So 
what is the current status of the same? And how you see the 
Rabi season preparation in terms of the shortages or the 
issues faced by the farmers with respect to the availability of 
fertilizers? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
See, the Rabi will be good. Government has done great work 
by arranging for imported DAP and urea in time. So I don't 
think there will be any issues for any fertilizer in the Rabi. 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, there have always been a land effect in terms 
of getting the price revision, as we have already mentioned. 
So where are we in terms of the raw phosphate -- sulfate 
prices and the RM prices and finished prices for the DAP? 
So are there any revision pending? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
No. No revision pending as of now. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And what has been the impact of last revision, sir? 
That could have taken place when? 
S V Varma: 
I think NBS has recently been done. So there is change in 
the subsidy for all the products for NPK fertilizers. As Mr. 
Bajpai said it is a down from 7% to 1% based on different 
proportion. So nothing is pending as such and market is 
going clear on that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir. And sir, traditionally, Q2 -- Q3 is a lean quarter 
for this fertilizer segment, sir? And Q2 is… 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
Q3 is a good season always. Rabi comes in Q3 only. Yes, 
Q4 becomes lean season for fertilizers. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. If we take, we are already 40 days into the quarter. So 
depending upon the requirement and the business 
environment, we see a sustainable growth in the sales for 
this season also, for quarter 3? 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
Q2 was again a good season. Q3 is always good. So they 
will be in line. It's again dependent on the availability of the 
fertilizer because imports -- there will be a proportion of 

 
 
Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited
 
 
November 12, 2025 
Page 19 of 19 
 
import also. So it'll be a good season for Q2, Q3 normally 
good for the company. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. S.K. Bajpai from GSFC 
Limited for closing comments. 
Sanjay Bajpai: 
Yes. Thank you, investors, for participation in this 
conference call organized by Anurag Services. I hope that 
whatever questions have been asked, we would have given 
the satisfactory reply. And again, thank you for your 
participation. We'll meet again after three months after the 
end of quarter 3. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. On behalf of GSFC Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
