                   FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited  
 
 
Registered Office: 104 Vasan Udyog Bhavan | Sun Mill Compound | S. B. Marg | Tulsi Pipe Road | Lower Parel (W) | Mumbai – 400013 
 
Website: www.nykaa.com | Phone: +91 22 6838 9616 | Email – nykaacompanysecretary@nykaa.com  
CIN: L52600MH2012PLC230136 
 
November 12, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
Symbol: NYKAA 
BSE Limited 
 
Scrip Code: 543384 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of the Conference Call for Analyst / Investors  
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Analyst / Investor Conference Call held on November 07, 
2025, with regards to the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
This intimation is being submitted pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
We request you to take the above information on records. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
P Ganesh 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Encl.: As Above 
GANESH 
PADMANABHAN
Digitally signed by 
GANESH PADMANABHAN 
Date: 2025.11.12 18:41:04 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
“FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 07, 2025 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. FALGUNI NAYAR – EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON, 
MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – FSN E-COMMERCE VENTURES LIMITED 
(NYKAA) 
 
MR. ANCHIT NAYAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, BEAUTY – FSN E-
COMMERCE VENTURES LIMITED (NYKAA) 
 
MS. ADWAITA NAYAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, NYKAA FASHION AND HEAD OF 
OLD BRANDS – FSN E-COMMERCE VENTURES 
LIMITED (NYKAA) 
 
MR. VISHAL GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
NYKAA DISTRIBUTION – FSN E-COMMERCE 
VENTURES LIMITED (NYKAA) 
 
MR. ABHIJEET DABAS – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT 
– NYKAAFASHION.COM – FSN E-COMMERCE 
VENTURES LIMITED (NYKAA) 
 
MR. P. GANESH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – FSN 
E-COMMERCE VENTURES LIMITED (NYKAA) 
 
 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Hi, Good evening, everyone. This is Michelle from Chorus Call. Welcome to FSN E-Commerce 
Ventures Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call. From the management at Nykaa, we have  
Ms. Falguni Nayar, Executive Chairperson, MD and CEO;  
Mr. Anchit Nayar, Executive Director and CEO, Beauty;  
Ms. Adwaita Nayar, Executive Director and CEO, Nykaa Fashion;  
Mr. Vishal Gupta, CEO, Nykaa Distribution;  
Mr. Abhijeet Dabas, Executive Vice President, Nykaafashion.com;  
Mr. P. Ganesh, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we start, we would like to point out that some of the statements made in today's call may 
be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier. Kindly note that this call is meant for investors and analysts 
only. 
 
By participating in this event, you consent to such recording, distribution and publication. All 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation from management concludes. 
 
With that, over to you, Falguni, for opening remarks. Thank you, ma'am. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Thank you very much for being on the call with us today. As you are aware, Nykaa just finished 
the Board meeting and have reported our results to the exchange, and it's a delight to present 
these to you today. So starting with our Q2FY26 performance snapshot. Just happy to say that 
the GMV for the quarter was at INR 4,744 crores, which is about 30% year-on-year growth. 
 
Also, please note that this is the highest year-on-year growth in the last 6 quarters. So happy to 
report a little bit of a growth momentum. On the net revenue basis also, the quarter ended at INR 
2,346 crores of net revenue, which is a 25% year-on-year growth. 
 
Again, Nykaa has delivered consistent mid-20s growth since last 12 quarters, and this journey 
continues. On the gross profit side, happy to say that the gross profit has come out at INR 1,054 
crores, which is about 44.9% of net revenue and about 28% increase on a year-on-year basis. 
Again, similarly, the highest gross margin over the last 12 quarters. 
 
On the EBITDA front, the EBITDA has come out at INR 159 crores, which is 6.8% of net 
revenue, a 53% year-on-year increase and highest EBITDA margin since IPO. And also on the 
PAT, it's come out at INR 33 crores, which is about 1.4% of NR and 154% year-on-year growth. 
 
Next within this, the beauty growth has been robust and the fashion has also seen revival, helping 
aid this overall growth. 27% NSV growth across both the verticals in quarter 2. So looking at it 
from a Beauty perspective, one can see that the Beauty growth has come out at 28% on a year-

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
on-year basis. And on a first half basis, the growth is coming out at 27%. These are all numbers 
on the GMV. 
 
When you look at it from an NSV perspective also in Beauty, the Beauty NSV came out at INR 
1,981 crores for the quarter and for the half year at INR 3,815 crores. And that is 27% growth 
on the quarter basis. And the EBITDA margin for the Beauty for this quarter, it comes out at 
9.0%, which is about 40 basis points higher compared to a year ago when the EBITDA margin 
for the Beauty business was at 8.6%. 
 
On the Fashion front, what you can see is that the Fashion has come out with the GMV at INR 
1,180 crores, which is almost a 37% year-on-year growth. But on an NSV basis, the Fashion 
growth is at 27% which is about INR 346 crores of net sales value of Fashion, and that is 27% 
year-on-year growth. 
 
Fashion vertical EBITDA has improved to only minus 3.5%. This has come down from minus 
9.0% a year ago, which is a huge improvement on a year-on-year basis. On a half year basis also, 
the numbers are similar. So renewed growth in Fashion has helped us spread our costs over 
larger sales, and that has helped in this improvement in overall margin structure. 
 
Today, One Nykaa cumulative customer base is at 49 million, and this is about 32% year-on-
year growth. So we are continuing to accelerate our customer acquisition. We have also 
continued to accelerate our Beauty store network rollout. 19 stores were opened in this quarter, 
and the total number of stores now stands at 265. And this is in 90 cities, addition of about eight 
new cities in this quarter alone.  
And the best of global and domestic brands, we offer both on beauty and fashion. So, on beauty, 
we offer about 4,200 beauty brands and on fashion, the number is now at 5,000 brands.  
And as you are all aware, we have launched Nykaa Now, which now has 53 stores across seven 
cities. We are also doing hyperlocal delivery from our stores now that allows us to offer a 
differentiated range of larger luxury goods in and around our stores. So both these are now live. 
And the annualized GMV across all the platform is now running at $2.2 billion. 
 
Next, Nykaa welcomes Global icon Deepaka Padukone as our brand ambassador. Deepika 
reflects a modern Indian consumer, self-assured, authentic and global in her outlook, aligning 
seamlessly with Nykaa values. I'll just play a small video which shows you our brand 
ambassador. 
 
Thank you. With that, I now hand over to Anchit to talk about Beauty multi-brand retail business. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Okay. Great. And I hope I'm audible. We are traveling on the road. So the Internet connectivity 
might be a bit weak. So please moderator, let me know in case I'm a bit choppy. So in terms of 
, as was mentioned earlier, Nykaa Beauty has had another good quarter of growth, delivering 
28% growth on GMV and in absolute terms, the highest GMV we've delivered in the last 
multiple quarters. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
So a very strong quarter in what is seasonally not the strongest period of the year. A lot of this 
is driven by the continued focus Nykaa Beauty showing on penetration in terms of annual unique 
transacting customer acquisition and growth as well as certain premiumization initiatives that 
are playing out nicely. 
 
Next slide, please. I've said before, Nykaa's dual objectives are that of penetration and 
premiumization. On the penetration front, we continue to make investments that are paying off. 
We believe that India has some of the lowest penetration of beauty consumption in the world 
and investment needs to be made to continue to drive that. 
 
So, we have invested behind customer acquisition, and that reflects in the Marketing and S&D 
expenses as a percent of NSV being at about 13.1% this quarter, but it has resulted in very strong 
annual transacting customer growth of 27%, taking our AUTC number up to 17.5 million for the 
quarter. 
 
Quarter 2 was also a standout quarter in terms of the number and the quality of international 
brand tie-ups, which Nykaa managed to achieve. On the left side, you will see a mix of some of 
the luxury and prestige brands such as Prada Beauty, IT Cosmetics, which is owned by the 
L'Oreal Group and was launched exclusively with Nykaa in India. We are also the importer and 
distributor for that brand. 
 
La Prairie, which is an ultra-luxury skincare brand owned by Beiersdorf was also launched 
exclusively on Nykaa this quarter as well as the fragrance brand, Maison Margiela. Korean 
brands, which are trending globally as well as in India. Nykaa continues to lead the efforts there 
in bringing the best the world has to offer into India. And as you can see, brands like RYO, Mise 
En Scène, Torriden, Dr. Althea some of the best-known brands globally out of Korea are being 
launched in India through Nykaa. 
 
So just double-clicking and spending a minute about on the Korean beauty initiatives that Nykaa 
is taking. We believe that Korean Beauty is a strong growth driver for skin care adoption 
amongst Gen Z as well as young millennials. And as I mentioned earlier, it is also trending 
globally in many markets, including North America. 
 
Why do we believe that Korean brands are going to spearhead the adoption of skin care and 
makeup in the coming years in India is because of the affordable pricing, highly efficacious 
products and good quality R&D as well as very fun, playful packaging. 
 
So this makes Korean brands favorites in India as well. And you can see today, Nykaa has the 
largest assortment of Korean brands in India and this portfolio continues to grow at a very 
healthy clip at about 60% growth year-over-year. We are driving awareness and building 
education around Korean Beauty through our digital as well as our offline channels and events 
and experiences. And we have launched now a K-Beauty store on the app to allow consumers 
to experience Korean beauty brands that are exclusively available on Nykaa. 
 
Next slide, please. The next big focus for Nykaa as we have also outlined in our Analyst Day 
earlier this year is the focus on Gen Z. We believe that Nykaa has a right to win amongst Gen 
Z, who we see as the next frontier for growth in beauty. As I'm sure many of you are aware, Gen 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Z accounts for 26% of India's population today and almost 50% of its consumption. So what is 
Nykaa doing to build brand equity with Gen Z. 
 
As you can see here are a couple of initiatives we've taken. The first is the Gen Z Campus 
Ambassador Programme. Today, college students can become ambassadors for Nykaa on social 
media and create a tremendous amount of content. Already this programme having launched this 
quarter already 7,000-plus pieces of content have already been created. which have generated 
over 45 million in terms of reach. So this program is something that we are very, very proud of 
and a lot of the college going students have taken a big interest in. 
 
The second is creating immersive on-ground events. We have started to go to college campuses, 
where we are doing a lot of education and beauty bars and other fun engaging activities with 
college students, who we believe will be the next group of consumers as they get into the job, as 
they get into the workforce, their requirements on the beauty side will also increase. So we're 
preparing them for that next stage in their life. 
 
Third is the on-site on our app, the Gen Z store. So content, as Nykaa has always said, content 
and commerce need to go hand-in-hand. So in addition to the content and the events and 
experiences we're creating, we're also looking to commercialize those outcomes through 
building Gen Z-specific stores that are hyper-personalized based on our understanding of the 
kind of brands Gen Z shoppers are looking for as well as very robust recommendation engines 
that help to recommend the relevant products to our consumers to make the introduction to the 
world of beauty easier for this younger demographic. 
 
And last but not least, we have partnered with Snapchat to launch India's first Gen Z beauty 
creator incubator program. And that is something, again, as we look to continue to grow the 
addressable market for beauty, this is how one does that, which is through investing in the 
community and building the ecosystem around it. So these are just a couple of examples of how 
we are building a salience and a right to win amongst the Gen Z population in India. 
 
Coming to physical retail. Today, we have 265 stores across 90 cities. So we've added 8 new 
cities this quarter and 19 new stores. In terms of total retail space that we occupy, it's about 2.7 
lakhs sq.ft. plus, and it's been about a 37% growth year-over-year. 2/3 of our GMV in store 
comes from premium brands. You can see that our retail stores serve as an excellent point of 
premiumization for us, for customers to discover more premium, more prestige brands and for 
our brand partners as well. So now we do have the largest specialized beauty store network in 
India. 
 
So very much a truly omnichannel retail platform and really moving well, well beyond the top 
10-15 cities now with us now, almost reaching our target of being in the top 100 cities in the 
near term. 
 
For us, retail stores are not just points of sale, but truly experience centers as we call them. So 
we believe the future of retail is experiential and Gen Z and young millennials are looking for 
places to engage, educate themselves and also have an experience in store. So to that extent, this 
quarter, we are happy to announce that currently almost 1 in 3 of our customers who go to our 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
retail stores are now actively getting a makeover in our store. And that is a great way to educate 
consumers and also to deliver a very superlative experience. 
 
Second, we've elevated the skin care and fragrance experiences in our store with skin care 
diagnostics as well as fragrance finder bars that allows customers to discover the world of 
fragrances and should drive penetration for that category. 
Last but not least, we are working with many brand partners to create exclusive and bespoke 
brand experiences in store. One example on this slide is what we did for Kay Beauty, one of our 
owned brands, where we've created a very innovative Kay Cafe concept to bring both coffee and 
beauty together to again further the experiential element of beauty retailing in the country. So 
these are just a few examples of how we continue to innovate and drive experiential retail. 
Now coming to convenience and speed, something again, we've spoken about with you in the 
past few quarters. Just to reiterate, we have 265 stores, 44 warehouses and 53 rapid stores today. 
And all of our 265 stores are tech-enabled to deliver what we call as hyperlocal delivery, so 
service online orders through our retail store network. 
In terms of what does that result in, that has resulted in 70% of our order volume being fulfilled 
within the next day in the top 110 cities. And now Nykaa Now, of course, is live in all top seven 
metros. We've got 53 stores servicing 2 million orders till date over the past several months. 
What's really unique about Nykaa Now, is that we have the largest assortment of beauty products 
and brands compared to any of the other platforms currently available with within 30-minute to 
120-minute delivery. So a very large assortment spanning all the way from FMCG and mass to 
premium and luxury brands available through Nykaa Now. 
Next slide, please. Finally, we've also spent a good amount of time this year on developing 
cutting-edge beauty technology that can help us to replicate the offline experience online as 
closely as possible now that's made possible through technology. So this quarter itself, we 
launched the skin analyzer tool where you can take a selfie on the app and then it can let you 
know your skin type, your skin concerns and recommend products accordingly. 
Second is the beauty portfolio. So now we are also able to collect from our customers 
information about what their concerns and their skin type is, etcetera, that will allow us to hyper-
personalize our recommendations. 
So we see this as incredibly powerful because we'll be able to make much more relevant 
recommendations and help the customer to make the right choices for themselves on the 
platform, which, of course, is in and of itself a fantastic outcome for us, but it also has the impact 
of improving conversion on the platform and also driving further penetration of new categories 
and new products through the personalized experience, which we're now able to provide the 
customer. 
Finally, the last slide, just to share some very interesting statistics for you. This quarter itself, 70 
million beauty products were sold on Nykaa. One in every three retail customers got a makeover 
in our stores, 450 million visits to the app this quarter itself, which is a very large number. We 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
sold six perfumes every minute, so almost one perfume every 10 seconds. The fastest delivery 
we did through Nykaa Now this quarter was done in 7 minutes. 
And finally, we sold 15 sunscreens every minute - So, 1 in every 4 seconds. So I think, again, 
showing you how building awareness and education for sunscreen usage in India has allowed us 
to ultimately commercialize that through very deep customer penetration of this category. So 
with that, I will hand it over to Adwaita to take you through the House of Nykaa slides. 
Adwaita Nayar: 
Hi, everyone. It's great to be here today and get to present this section. Speaking about the House 
of Nykaa, we've spoken about this before. Nykaa is transitioning from being just a retailer to 
also being a brands business and having this House of Brands. We've been working on this 
strategy in a very concerted manner over the last couple of years. And today, this House of 
Nykaa business has reached INR 2,900 crores of annualized GMV run rate. It's growing very 
well at 54% year-on-year. 
We're building about 10 brands. I would say four of them are sort of established and have had 
breakthrough velocity, and we'll double click on those. I would say another handful, three, four 
are emerging. There is good product market fit. And I think next year onwards, we'll start scaling 
those up further. And then there are a couple which are still being incubated. 
Moving on. Within that INR 2,900 crores GMV, 75%+ comes from our beauty brands. And on 
this slide, you can see that in Q2, our beauty brands delivered INR 627 crores of GMV in the 
quarter. This is a 74% year-on-year growth. So this particular segment has grown really well. 
On the right-hand side, you can see how this revenue splits across Nykaa online, which is 
highlighted in pink, Nykaa stores, which is at 9% in Q2 and other channels, which is at about 
44%. So other channels include GT, MT, it includes other online marketplaces.  
And as we've mentioned before, we're not building private labels. We're genuinely building 
brands. And for that, having a logical distribution strategy brand by brand, which extends outside 
of Nykaa as well is a priority for us. Today, this whole portfolio is the second largest homegrown 
brands business within the country. 
Moving on. I'll double-click on three brands, which have hit a particular size and scale that's 
critical size and scale and have had a very strong trajectory over the last couple of quarters. The 
first is Dot & Key. This is a brand which has now crossed INR 1,500 crores from a GMV 
perspective. It's grown 110% year-on-year. 
It's a very profitable brand for us with high teens EBITDA margins and it's doing extremely well 
in terms of customer love and retention. It's amongst the top five skin care brands on Nykaa. 
And in many categories, it's number one. Retention numbers are also extremely strong for this 
brand with 50% retention with Nykaa consumers who try it. 
On the right-hand side, you can see some launches for this brand, which have done very well, 
whether it's the lip palm or it's the oil-free hydration and moisture control moisturizer, which has 
also been a big success. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
We can move on. The second brand I'll talk about is Nykaa Cosmetics. This brand has crossed 
INR 400 crores of GMV annualized. The new launches have been a big part of bringing a lot 
more energy to this brand and driving serious growth. And I think those new launches have hit 
well. Today, 20% of this business comes from new launches, which is a good number to drive 
that energy and excitement back into the brand. And again, there have been some really strong 
launches this year, whether it's the jelly brush or the eye pencils that we've launched. 
Moving on. We'll quickly show you this video. This is an example of how we're trying to build 
a brand for each of our brands. And like this, we're creating content for all the brands, but we'll 
quickly show you this one, which is a pretty strong festive asset that we've come up with. 
All right. So, moving on, we'll talk about Kay Beauty. So, this is a brand that we've built with 
Katrina Kaif and it's a joint venture that we have with her. This brand has crossed INR 350 crores 
in GMV. It's growing extremely well, again, making great strides in terms of rank within the 
makeup category. And today, it's amongst the top five makeup brands on the site. One of the 
most recent exciting launches has been the Cushion Foundation, which has brought fantastic 
Korean technology, very suitable for Indian skin tones and colors. 
We can move on. I'll quickly again show this video. Another big highlight for the Kay Beauty 
brand has been the launch in Space in the UK earlier this year. I think it was actually in 
September. And it's had a very strong response in the UK market. It's been launched in 13 stores. 
And in many of those stores, it's a top five brand. It's also doing very well on their online website. 
In general, we're seeing an amazing response from the UK audience, and it is making us think 
harder and deeper about the international expansion for this brand, which I believe there's a lot 
of potential here. 
We can move on. A lot of the other brands, which I mentioned, which are either emerging or 
being incubated are also finding good success. We're building things in bath & body. We're 
building things in fragrance. We're building things in clean beauty and brands in skin. 
We can move on. Like I mentioned, of that INR 2,900 crores GMV for the House of Brands 
business, about 75%+ is coming from beauty and the rest is coming from fashion. In fashion, 
we're focusing mainly on our lingerie brand now. And here, you can see the year-on-year 
degrowth. What I think is important to say here, and I've mentioned this in the last couple of 
analyst calls as well is that there's been a concerted strategy to actually shut down some of the 
non-Nykaa channels in fashion. 
So, we've been shutting down a lot of the GT/MT, large-format store, third-party distribution. 
We feel it's better and higher quality business to focus on Nykaa as a channel and fashion in 
particular. So, there's been sort of a reorientation of strategy here. And I think for me, what's 
really important is across both businesses, and across both sets of brands to pick the right brands 
that play in the right categories. And generally, at this point, there's more focus for us on our 
beauty brands portfolio. 
Within fashion, the one particular brand that we're really excited about is Nykd, which is our 
lingerie brand. I think structurally, lingerie is a really, really great space for us to be building in, 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
very good gross margins and very high moats, and it's hard to build lingerie. So that's a brand 
that we're going to continue doubling down on. 
And on the next slide, you can see how that brand is doing. So that brand has crossed INR 175 
crores GMV. It continues to grow 30% year-on-year on Nykaa channels, and it's the number one 
lingerie brand on Nykaa Fashion. Clearly, it has strong product market fit, and we'll continue to 
accelerate and double down on this business continuing into next year as well. 
We can move on. And with that, I'll hand over to Vishal to walk us through the Superstore 
business. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Thanks, Adwaita. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm happy to report that we continue on our path 
to profitable scale. And even in this quarter, we have grown our transacting retailers by 41%, 
adding 1 lakh new retailers over last year with 42% year-on-year order growth. 
Our GMV was slightly lower at 25% growth. That was mostly on account of, as you all know, 
there were GST changes and 40% of our portfolio had GST cut to 5%. So, there was some short-
term transitory business loss due to retailer buying behaviour and postponing of retailer buying, 
but we are quite confident that the impact will be quite positive in the coming weeks and months 
in terms of offtakes, and therefore, overall retailer need for more stocks. So, we'll get back to 
that growth, but our expansion continues at a good pace. 
And our scale and reach is very exciting to our brand partners, and you can see that we have all 
kinds of great brands, whether national, regional or D2C brands, and we continue to add brands. 
Like recently, we have added Colgate-Palmolive, we have added Cetaphil in regional D2C 
brands, we have added Pilgrim, Plix. So, we continue to attract, and we are a trusted partner to 
our brand partners. 
Next. And like I keep saying that this is a scale business, and as we improve scale, we definitely 
improve our profitability. You can see that our EBITDA margin has improved by 422 bps driven 
by a lot by the operating leverage, while gross margin improved by 134 bps on account of better 
brand mix. 
The only thing is our contribution margin had a short-term dip of 62 bps, but that is only because 
we have invested in field force in quarter two, and they take about one month or two months to 
become productive, but we have done the hiring that we have to do till Q2, and then they will 
get results in Q3 and Q4. So, we'll continue to keep going up as we build scale on our path to 
profitable scale. 
Abhijeet Dabas: 
Thanks, Vishal. So again, very happy to be here with you all today and also very happy to 
continue to share the upward trajectory that the fashion business is on over the last few quarters. 
As Falguni ma'am covered a little while ago, this has been a strong quarter for the fashion 
business. We clocked 37% growth in GMV year-on-year. Also, for fashion, similar to beauty, 
the GMV that we clocked for this quarter was the highest ever GMV in a quarter which is 
typically not the highest for the business during the year, INR 1,180 crores and a 37% growth. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Equally significantly, we saw a massive improvement in EBITDA, 550 basis points 
improvement in EBITDA from minus 9.0% to minus 3.5%. And we believe that with the 
structural changes, structural interventions that we have made in the business over the last year 
or so, we are well on our path towards profitability. 
Next slide. Underlying the business improvement has been a much healthier customer funnel, 
right from how many customers we are acquiring to how many we are retaining through their 
life cycle. 
As you can see starting from the top, we have seen significant growth, 30% growth in the visits, 
similar growth in the monthly active users on the platform, close to 50% growth in the new 
customers acquired year-on-year, which is something which augurs well for quarters to come 
because always customers acquired in recent months form the core of revenue in future months. 
So very healthy signs for the business. 
And as a result of all of this, we have seen also significant improvement in marketing expenses. 
So, towards the end of the slide, you will see that there's been a marked reduction in marketing 
spend, which is a large item in the P&L. That has contributed also in a meaningful way towards 
the EBITDA improvement that I spoke about on the previous slide. So overall, structurally, the 
user funnel looks healthy, which is a positive sign for quarters to come. 
 
Next slide. Another very core underlying tenet of this has been the addition of marquee brands 
across all categories. We have some logos on this slide, which gives a snapshot of the kind of 
brands that we've been onboarding. 
 
One of the key pillars of our strategy is to bring the right brands to customers to bring authentic 
products to customers across the country and across categories, just some names on this slide 
are self-explanatory. 
They don't need any introduction, the likes of GAP, GUESS, MEENA BAZAAR, MUFTI, 
newer brands such as a RARE RABBIT or The Souled Store. Overall, just the addition of a very 
strong portfolio of brands and immediate growth for those brands has augured well for the 
business. 
Next slide. Also very excited to share with you that in a few days from now, H&M debuts on 
Nykaa Fashion. As we all know, H&M has been one of the most successful international brands 
to enter the country in the last few years. H&M also just completed a decade in India. 
And I think it just continues to surprise us just how real the appetite for consumption of global 
brands is by Indian audiences across the length and breadth of the country. So very excited to 
partner with H&M and complement their portfolio of channels in the country. And again, a very 
strong addition to the portfolio of brands that we are able to offer to our customers. 
 
Next slide. So, on one side, while we have continued to add and partner with the marquee brands 
in every category, equally important in a category like fashion, which is long tail is to also bring 
forth to our customers brands which they may not be so aware of or to sell trends and what is 
trending in the market. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
I mentioned in the Investor Day earlier in the year as well as in our previous presentation, that 
the Nykaa Fashion Edit is a property that we have created recently with the use of a lot of 
technology in the back end to be able to understand trends in the market and then to be able to 
curate different kinds of assortment, different kinds of stores, which our customers fancy. And 
that has seen significant traction. 
We are almost seeing more than a 50% increase quarter-on-quarter in the salience of 
merchandise through these stores. And this is something that we want to continue to invest in. 
So, we are both continuing to work with big brands as well as create opportunities for smaller 
brands and for trend-based shopping to happen for customers in a tech-enabled kind of way. 
So overall, like I said, very happy to share that a very strong quarter again for fashion, and we 
seem to be on the right track in fixing the fundamentals of the business and very optimistic for 
the future. With that, I will hand over to Ganesh. 
P. Ganesh: 
Thank you, Abhijeet. Good evening, everyone. I'll now share a detailed overview of our 
quarterly performance. So, as you have seen in the earlier sections, Nykaa has had a good quarter 
2 performance and has been consistently delivering strong top line growth for the last many 
quarters while improving its profitability too. 
Our revenue from operations grew by 25% during the quarter to INR 2,346 crores, sustaining 
our momentum of delivering mid-20s growth consistently for several quarters with both our 
business verticals outperforming the industry during the quarter. Profitability also saw a 
meaningful improvement with our EBITDA margin in quarter 2 at 6.8%, an improvement of 
125 basis points, driven by strong focus on driving efficiencies across the P&L. 
 
I would like to highlight that in quarter 2, we have achieved the highest profitability margin 
since our IPO. Our PAT grew 154% Y-o-Y, which is 6x of revenue Y-o-Y growth and 3x 
EBITDA Y-o-Y growth, delivering a 1.4% PAT margin during the quarter, again, the highest 
since IPO. 
Going to the next slide. Here, we have a snapshot of our profit and loss statement. Gross margins 
saw a healthy 111 basis points improvement during the quarter, coming in at 44.9%, once again 
the highest in the last 12 quarters. 
 
Our fulfilment expenses increased by 34 basis points during the quarter and coming in at 9.7% 
due to focus on faster delivery in our fashion vertical, which resulted in some level of increase 
in air shipments, while fulfilment expenses in Beauty remained largely flat in spite of investment 
in rapid delivery. 
We have stepped up investments in performance marketing, brand and category building 
initiatives, leading to a 44 basis points increase in our marketing and S&D, which came in at 
15.7% during the quarter. 
We are already seeing a healthy return on this investment with accelerated new customer 
acquisition in both Beauty and Fashion verticals reflected in the strong AUTC growth. Our brand 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
and category building activities are driving strong growth in House of Nykaa brands and 
enhancing the premiumization journey for the consumer in the beauty ecosystem. 
Moving ahead, as evident from the slide, we have seen strong industry-leading growth in both 
businesses with NSV growth of 27% Y-o-Y, while delivering healthy EBITDA margin 
improvement in both businesses. Beauty witnessed almost 40 basis points Y-o-Y expansion and 
Fashion showed a significant 550 basis points improvement, led by unlocking of marketing and 
S&D as well as lower overheads. 
 
Next slide. Yes, here, we have a detailed vertical reporting, which again reflects the strong 
performance both on top line as well as on margins.  
Moving ahead, we continue to invest in beauty stores rollout, fulfilment capabilities and tech 
while driving efficiencies in our capex utilization, which currently has come down to 1% of 
revenue during H1 FY '26. We have invested INR 58 crores in capex, most of it in the form of 
investments on our beauty store network as well as in our tech capabilities. 
Going to the next slide. Yes, here, we can see that our continued and relentless focus on driving 
efficiency on our balance sheet. This has resulted in ongoing improvement in our fixed asset 
turnover ratio, which is now at 9.7%. 
Our working capital efficiencies have continued to pan out, and now it's close to 1 month in 
terms of net working capital days. So strong profitability as well as tight control on the balance 
sheet in terms of capital employed has resulted in a smart increase in ROCE, which has nearly 
doubled over the last 3-year period, coming in at 14.1%. 
 
Yes. With that, I would like to hand the call back to the operator to start the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Ganesh. The first question is from Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. Please 
accept the prompt, unmute yourself and proceed with your question. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Congrats on a great set of results again. My first question was on Fashion. So, on Fashion side, 
basically, when we were doing Investor Day, it was tough to envisage such a recovery in terms 
of top line as well as improvement in the losses that we are delivering on. So, congratulations, 
first of all. 
Secondly, the question being, first is how sustainable is this trajectory, both on bottom line and 
top line? And on the same piece, how much of the delivery that we have seen in H1, will you 
give credit to Nykaa specific or Nykaa Fashion-specific initiatives that the company has taken? 
Or if there is any improvement in market environment as well that is helping? 
Abhijeet Dabas: 
Thanks for the question. On the first part, like I said, I think we look at the intrinsics of the 
business from our side and try to keep improving the underlying intrinsics which determine the 
success of the business or not. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
And for a marketplace business, I think the core is the assortment that we have and the user 
funnel that we have. Are we able to add the right assortment? Are we able to work with brand 
partners to deliver growth both for them as well as for us? 
And then are we able to attract the right quality of customers and provide them an experience 
with which they decide to come back to the platform. So, on both aspects, I think the intrinsics 
give us confidence that structurally, we are on the right path as far as the future also goes. I hope 
that answers the first part of the question. 
On the second one, it is indeed true that there seems to be in the broader market also more 
positive signs compared to last year in the first half of this year. And that obviously plays a role 
in how our business is also performing. 
But I feel confident that we have delivered faster than or rather significantly faster than market 
growth in the first half of the year. And with significantly better and continuously better 
intrinsics, I think that should continue to be the case going forward also. So, I don't think it's a 
first half phenomenon alone. With the right intrinsics, we are optimistic about what is to come 
as well. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Sounds good, Abhijeet. My second question is for Anchit. On Nykaa Now basically, right, so 
the plan earlier used to be that we'll focus more on personal care side while also looking to 
deliver in 30 minutes to 2 hours. 
Over the call today, I think it was mentioned that luxury SKUs are also being distributed and the 
fastest delivery was in 7 minutes. So just to understand, is there any change in the strategy there? 
Are we thinking of becoming faster or trying to do more than what was earlier planned? Thank 
you. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. So, thanks, Sachin, for the question. No, I think just to clarify doubts, we believe that Nykaa 
Now will allow Nykaa to have a bigger share of the pie within personal care, which has 
historically been a lot more fragmented amongst ourselves as well as the other horizontal 
platforms and quick commerce players, whereas Beauty was always an area where we had very 
dominant market share. 
So Nykaa Now was one of the aftereffects of Nykaa Now was that we would build share in 
personal care as well, which is happening. We are seeing customer penetration of certain 
products, which are personal care products like shampoos and conditioners and body wash 
increasing on our platform and growing very healthily, which means that people are now looking 
at Nykaa not only as a beauty destination, but also as a personal care destination. 
But that was not the only objective. The other objective was also to allow customers to have 
access to the beauty assortment with quicker delivery. And that's really what Nykaa Now has 
enabled. I think one thing we did not foresee in the early days was that we would have the ability 
to even sell luxury products by enabling our retail stores to become hyperlocal delivery hubs for 
luxury. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
But if we realize that we can do it and we can do it in a cost-effective manner, so why should 
we not allow customers to also get access to the best luxury products with quick delivery speeds. 
So, both are working well. 
We're seeing Nykaa Now working well for both our expansion of market share and our customer 
penetration in personal care categories as well as the ability to deliver in the top 7 cities with 1 
or 2-hour delivery speeds, even beauty products all the way from mass to luxury. 
Sachin Dixit: 
A quick follow-up on this. This 7 minutes, I think, seems like a pick and drop delivery properly. 
So, are you getting into a pure-play pick and drop model as well? Or all the plan is to stick to 
what we planned earlier? 
Anchit Nayar: 
I'm not sure what you mean by, our quick commerce is very much, we have 53 Rapid stores 
across 7 cities. So if you live within a certain vicinity of one of our Rapid stores, the order is 
dispatched quite with speed. And so, 7 minutes is an example of how quickly we are able to do 
it. But I think most of the Nykaa Now orders are being processed and being delivered anywhere 
from 30 minutes to 70 or 75 minutes. 
Sachin Dixit: 
Fair enough. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead. Please accept 
the prompt, unmute yourself and proceed. 
Kapil Singh: 
So, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good performance for the quarter. 
This quarter had a couple of disruptions or I would say, on account of GST, firstly, we saw there 
were certain changes. So, I would like you to just call out the impact across businesses that you 
see on account of the GST changes, if at all. Second is that the festive season came in a bit 
earlier. So just your thoughts if that had any significant impact on the performance for the 
quarter. 
And then secondly, just on the operating leverage for your beauty business, we see that fulfilment 
costs, marketing costs, etcetera, have been ballpark, I would say, in the same range, but not see 
much operating leverage. So how to think about the operating leverage in both the businesses 
going ahead? 
Falguni Nayar: 
Sorry, I think there will be confusion in such a mixed question. So, I think I'll take some parts 
of it. I think from the operating leverage perspective, you are seeing a fair amount of operating 
leverage come in on both beauty as well as fashion vertical. I think on Beauty, clearly, there are, 
beauty vertical is a mix of combination of omnichannel beauty business along with our owned 
beauty brands, which are now contributing a reasonable amount and eB2B business.  
So, there is also a mix impact. But overall trend that each of the businesses are increasing their 
EBITDA margins and working on a path to improve the EBITDA margin and then the final 
numbers here reflect a combination of those. Within that, I think in fashion, own brands, clearly, 
there was a little bit of a drag over the last couple of quarters.  

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
And as said, it was not very heavy this quarter, but in some of the earlier quarters, but even this 
quarter is deprived of growth of fashion owned brands as well as their profitability. So, there are 
improvements clearly visible on the fashion journey, both on fashion.com as well as fashion 
owned brands. And on Beauty, also, like we do believe that a little bit of improvement can come 
through leverage. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Maybe I can add, if helpful. But I think, again, let's remember the beauty vertical is a 
combination of 3 or 4 very different businesses. And sometimes what you're saying in terms of 
the margins, I think in each of the individual businesses that make up the beauty vertical, you 
are seeing, you are seeing some operating leverage.  
You are seeing an improvement in margins. But again, because some of the younger businesses 
like eB2B continue to grow faster than the core retailer business that we have, they start to 
account for a larger percent of the overall mix. So, I think some of it is mix. But also, as we said 
in our opening remarks, we are investing.  
We continue to believe in the opportunity to drive further penetration of beauty in India given 
it's globally some of the lowest penetration rates in the world. So that journey continues, and we 
continue to invest behind growth. We continue to invest behind customer acquisition. So even 
the efficiencies we are able to derive from fulfilment and marketing, we are reinvesting that.  
So, I think a quarter in which we have taken on a new brand ambassador, which is Deepika 
Padukone and we have spent behind brand building and we have spent behind marketing in 
terms of customer acquisition.  
And we have also invested behind rapid stores and quicker delivery to keep fulfilment and 
marketing in the similar ballpark, I think, still is a very positive outcome. So that's the question 
on operating leverage. And I think fashion has definitely seen meaningful operating leverage, as 
you can see from the improvement in EBITDA margin. 
In terms of GST, what I'll say is the GST impact, I think the GST changes were more around 
personal care products than beauty. There wasn't too much impact on beauty categories and 
beauty SKUs. So, Personal Care did see some relief on GST, and that has translated in some 
better Personal Care sales. But otherwise, I would say that it hasn't really affected the core of 
our business, which is beauty. 
P Ganesh: 
Just to add to what Anchit said, when we look at the overall business, the impact on GMV is less 
than 1%. And because taxes are netted off by the time you get to NSV, there is no impact beyond 
that. And there is no impact again on profitability because it is pass-through. 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes. No, I understand that. I mean my question was more also on the growth. 
Falguni Nayar: 
I think you're asking about deflationary impact of GST. It is small in our business. But yes, on 
eB2B business, there was some amount of deflationary impact on their ASP and AOV but 
because in our beauty.com business, a lot more weightage for premium products and a lot more 
weightage for beauty products, I don't think it was very significant.  

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
And in fashion, some adversity at high end, but some benefit at the low end on demand pickup. 
P Ganesh: 
Plus as well as minus. And as Vishal mentioned, in superstore, yes, about 40% to 50% of the 
volumes were impacted. Because Superstore is a relatively small portion of the business, when 
you look at a one Nykaa, the volumes which are impacted was about 8%. 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes. No, what I was trying to understand is, is there a longer-term impact of this on the growth 
of particularly any of these businesses or not really, particularly fashion business, for example, 
do you see any impact? 
Falguni Nayar: 
We don't see a major long-term impact. Some minor benefits, some minor near-term adversity. 
So that's what it was. 
Kapil Singh: 
And on the early festive, if there was anything to call out there in terms of, is it significant? Do 
you think or -- because usually, our second half is stronger, particularly the third quarter. Can 
we expect the same trajectory this time as well? 
Falguni Nayar: 
Definitely for Beauty, we think our third quarter will be strong because of Nykaa, Pink Friday 
sale and also Nykaaland that’s happening now. I think on fashion, we did see some benefit of 
Diwali because Diwali is more of a fashion purchase. So, we did see that benefit. But we think 
the momentum will continue this quarter, hopefully. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you, so much and best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please accept the prompt on 
your screen and proceed with your question. 
Aditya Soman: 
So, two questions. Firstly, you indicated that Kay Beauty has done well overseas in London, you 
indicated that. So, can you explain a little bit more about the opportunity for Nykaa owned 
brands overseas and how you're looking to expand that?  
And second question on the sort of arrangement with H&M, will this also include sort of sales 
in physical stores or it's purely a sort of online arrangement? And how, if there will be a 
difference in pricing between what's available in their stores and what's available online and a 
difference in assortment? 
Adwaita Nayar: 
Alright. So, I'll comment first on the U.K. opportunity. So, we're definitely going to double down 
on the U.K. and within that the Space NK partnership. And I feel that every geography requires 
a lot of attention and focus and bringing the right level of passion and energy to build that brand 
in that region.  
So, I think while the response has shown us that there is a lot of potential internationally for Kay 
and possibly even for a couple of our other brands, we'll sort of be doing it in a measured manner 
and picking geographies one by one and picking the right retailer partners within it, rather than 
going for a very wide distribution. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand. And just a follow up on that. I mean, is there any plan then to also have the platform 
also extend overseas? Or this is just for the brands and nothing to do with the platform? 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Adwaita Nayar: 
This is just for the brands. It has nothing to do with the platform. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand. And then maybe one more follow-up on this. In terms of the salience, what 
proportion of the owned brand products is now coming from outside of the platform? 
Adwaita Nayar: 
So, at a consolidated level across the beauty brands, about 44% is coming from outside of the 
Nykaa ecosystem. 
Falguni Nayar: 
But I think this includes GT, MT also. It's not all just offline. It's not just third-party e-com. It's 
a combination of GT, MT distribution. It's a combination of other stores, if at all, and then also 
other platforms. 
Adwaita Nayar: 
Yes. And a large part of that 44% is actually GT, MT.  
Aditya Soman: 
Clear. Thanks. 
Abhijeet Dabas: 
So, I'll take the second question on H&M. So, it is an online partnership across their fashion 
portfolio and the recently launched H&M Beauty portfolio. It will not be retailing in our offline 
stores, if that was the question, Aditya. I'm not sure if that was the question. So the scope is 
online. Was that your question? Hope I got that right. 
Aditya Soman: 
Yes, yes. That was the question. And the other bit was just in terms of pricing and assortment, 
if that differs from what they have in their stores. 
Abhijeet Dabas: 
Yes. So, the assortment will be the entire assortment that H&M has for India across categories, 
across fashion, beauty, kids, home, the entire assortment. Generally, for brands of that size, we 
work very closely with brands to ensure that not just availability, pricing is also on parity with 
whatever it is on their own D2C platforms or offline. So, we'll be working very closely with 
H&M on that piece. So, pricing will also be by and large on parity. 
Aditya Soman: 
Thank you. That’s very clear. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vijit Jain from Citi. Please accept the prompt on your 
screen and proceed with your question. 
Vijit Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have just one question. Could you give a broad sense of what 
is fragrance now in your overall mix? And I see that you've added 19 stores in 2Q. This is in the 
beauty side faster than you've done in the last few quarters and 8 new cities as well. So, I'm just 
wondering, specifically on the fragrance side, is that sizable enough of a category in its own 
right for you, especially also on the store expansion plan side? Yes, that's my question. 
Anchit Nayar: 
Yes. So, fragrance, and I think I mentioned in the past is one of our fastest-growing categories 
consistently every quarter. globally, you're seeing fragrance as being the category which Gen Z 
is really, really adopting. And you're seeing the same thing in India. So, I think fragrance is 
going to be a big driver of growth for beauty globally as well as in India and same applies to us. 
So, we are focused on it.  

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
In the past, we've spoken with you about all the initiatives we're taking around building 
awareness and driving education for fragrance usage amongst consumers in India, which 
historically fragrance has not been part of daily life for Indian consumers. So really bringing 
about that habit forming change is something which we're working on leveraging all of our 
digital and non-digital channels.  
Fragrance is also a big part of our retail stores because really the ability to test and smell a 
fragrance can only be done in physical retail. And so that fragrance is one of the three main 
pillars in our retail stores as well. So, fragrance is one of, if not the fastest-growing category on 
the platform, a big part of our retail store network, a high ASP item, very, very good for average 
order values and ticket sizes.  
So, it's a great category. We're definitely very behind it. And it continues to grow from strength 
to strength. And we're not talking about it in this particular analyst call, but we are about to open 
a fragrance-only store called Nykaa Perfumery. So, you will start to see some of those stores 
popping up across several key metros in the coming months. 
Vijit Jain: 
Thanks Anchit and best of luck with that new initiative. Any broad sense on where you think 
fragrance could be in your overall GMV mix, right now or if you prefer where you want it to be 
in a few years' time? 
Anchit Nayar: 
So, the great thing about selling fragrance is that it doesn't cannibalize existing makeup and skin 
care sales, right? It's not either/or, it's very much additive. So, our ambition is just to continue to 
drive penetration of basket through fragrance, so making sure people are already shopping 
makeup and skin care, start buying fragrances as well. But the reality is we want each of our 
categories to grow as fast as they possibly can.  
And so how the mix shakes out in the near term, we're not really focused on it from a mix 
perspective because that would mean artificially trying to grow it faster than other categories. 
We want all the categories to grow as fast as they can. So, we'll see where it shakes out. It's more 
an output than an input.  
But I think longer term, if you look at global retailers in more developed markets, fragrance is 
usually anywhere from 15% to 25% of their total business. And in some markets like the Gulf, 
it's even more than that. So, India is still far away from the Gulf when it comes to affordability 
and consumer behaviour. 
But I think we're definitely on our way to getting closer to where it's really an equal 
representation in our overall revenue mix, but we're not committing to any timelines. We're not, 
as I said, we're not artificially solving for it. But I think the way the customers are evolving, you 
will see fragrance starting to become clearly a very meaningful part of the overall pie. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Hi, guys. Am I audible. 
Moderator: 
Yes. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
So, I just had two questions, both on fashion. The first one was if you look at the new brands 
that you also onboarded, as well as with H&M coming in, just wanted to know whether you 
expect a little bit of an AOV dilution going forward. First half has seen very strong AOV growth 
also in the fashion business in mid-single-digit. So, the kind of brands you're onboarding, as well 
as with H&M coming in, do you expect a little bit of AOV dilution going forward as well on the 
fashion business? That's my first question. 
And the second one was, again on fashion. So, the first half has seen exceptionally strong growth 
in terms of whether monthly average unique visitors, number of visits. And this has come despite 
an early double-digit growth in Marketing and S&D. So just wanted to get your sense on whether 
it's been really driven by the significant expansion in onboarding new brand partners, which is 
the key driver of getting more people on site or is it just better utilization of marketing ad spend? 
If you could just spend some time on what's driven this despite marketing, going up? 
Management: 
So, on the first one, we don't see a dilution of AOV per se. It could be a little bit here or there. 
But generally speaking, for the same brand, which is live on Nykaa, as well as on other platforms, 
the AOV for the same brand is also consistently higher on Nykaa, because the day and age that 
we live in is one where the same consumer has access to multiple apps, but it's different kinds 
of use cases, which bring customers to different apps. 
Nykaa Fashion is positioned as a slightly more premium platform. It's a platform where 
customers come in to buy more high fashion product. And that has consistently been also, when 
we do consumer decrypt, it's consistent feedback that we have received. So, the positioning of 
Nykaa Fashion as a platform under the Nykaa umbrella is such that the use cases that bring 
customers to us even for the same brand are different from the use cases of the same brand, 
which take them to other platforms. 
So, for that reason, we don't see there being any meaningful dilution to AOV on the first point. 
And even in the first quarter and quarter four of last year and even before that, we've always 
onboarded different ranges of brands. But in spite of that, our AOV has remained where it has 
remained. So don't foresee any significant dilution. 
On the second part, I think, like I mentioned, intrinsically, what has led to an improvement in 
the new customer acquisition rate has been a revival on all of the fronts. So below under the 
hood, there is, of course, a very large percentage of our business, which comes from female 
customers, but there's also a kid’s business. There is also a men's business, which are smaller in 
share, but which are very fast growing. There is a smaller but very fast-growing home business. 
And these are interesting categories which are growing almost at the clip of close to 70%, 80% 
even year-on-year. 
So, we are seeing a very healthy customer acquisition across the board on all four of them, not 
just women, but women, kids, men, as well as home. And that is what is driving this new 
customer acquisition. And once new customer acquisition is healthy, that leads to obviously 
much healthier funnels in the months to come. 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
What I will also add is that now with the addition of brands such as H&M, which have portfolios 
across both beauty and fashion, that also leads to a lot of cross-pollination across both platforms. 
Once we have brands like these, customers who may be acquired through one portfolio will also 
end up transacting with us within the universe of Nykaa and other portfolio. And there's more 
like these, which are lined up. So, overall, I think the flywheel will continue. We are hoping and 
we are quite optimistic that it will continue to look the same or better. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Prateek Pareek from ICICI Prudential. As the current participant is 
not answering, we move on to the next question, which is from the line of Pankil Shah from 
Narotam Sekhsaria. 
Pankil Shah 
Can you hear me now? 
Moderator: 
Yes. Please proceed. 
Pankil Shah: 
Hi. Just a quick question regarding the spend by brands in terms of advertisement on quarter-
on-quarter basis, are we seeing increase in that on the platform? 
Anchit Nayar: 
So, maybe I'll kick it off with beauty. So, I think the short answer is yes, there has been, I think 
a couple of things have happened. One is, as I've spoken to you in the past about is a lot of 
investments, we've made towards creating more advertising opportunities for brand partners. So 
now we've got ability for brands to advertise across the funnel, so not just top of funnel, but even 
mid and lower funnel through PLAs and in-line widgets and other in-line banners and other such 
opportunities for advertising. So just creating a lot more real estate. 
Second is we've also started to personalize, which means now brands can really be a lot more 
targeted about whom they target when it comes to advertising. And third, we've launched self-
serve dashboards and real-time data sharing. So also gives brands the ability to manage their ad 
campaigns more in real time, that is a big benefit to them and makes the platform a lot more 
attractive. So, I think a lot of investments beyond what we call as ad tech have been made over 
the past several quarters. And those are resulting in a lot of interest from advertisers. 
Secondly, I think for any brand who is retailing beauty products or any brand that's selling beauty 
products, there is no platform with this size and scale of relevant shoppers in a very relevant 
demographic with the kind of affordability and behaviour that they see on Nykaa. So, and as we 
continue to invest behind customer acquisition that we do for penetration purposes, the brands 
get the benefit in terms of having a larger audience with which to engage. 
So, as we continue to invest and spend on marketing to acquire customers, we're then able to 
also get more ad dollars from our brand partners to advertise to a larger base of consumers and 
a relevant base of consumers. So, there has been good progress on that front and continues to be 
an area of focus for us. And also, as I mentioned in my presentation, a lot of new brand launches 
and brand launches are a good time for brands to overinvest in marketing and we do see that 
play out on the platform. 
Abhijeet Dabas: 
Yes. I'll just add a very short 2 cents on top of that for fashion. So, yes, we are seeing significantly 
higher interest from brands and marketing income as a more and more meaningful line item in 

 
 
FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited (Nykaa) 
 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
the P&L. But also, the fashion business compared to where beauty is in terms of its evolution of 
the sophistication of our tech platform to provide opportunities to brands to invest and to see 
ROI on their investment is, we are in the more early stages. 
I think fashion is also a much younger business compared to beauty on the Nykaa side. But there 
is significant upside in this, because there is a lot of interest from brands to want to invest to 
attract and retain the right kind of customer. So, a lot more to come in the quarters to come. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Devanshu from Quantum Advisors. Ladies and gentlemen, as the 
current participant is not answering, we will conclude the question-and-answer session. You 
may reach out to Nykaa's Investor Relations team for any additional queries. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to 
you, ma'am. 
Falguni Nayar: 
Thank you, everyone, for being on the call with us. And I hope we've answered all the questions 
and do get in touch with us if there are any clarifications needed. With that, have a good evening 
and thank you for being with us again today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of FSN E-Commerce Ventures Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now exit the meeting. 
Thank you. 
