 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 14th November, 2025 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051.
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001.
Scrip Symbol: CEWATER 
Scrip Code: 544315 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015: Transcript of Conference Call held on 10th November, 2025 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of Conference Call of Concord Enviro 
Systems Limited (“Company”) held on 10th November, 2025.  
 
The same is being uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed at 
https://www.concordenviro.in/investors.php.   
 
The above is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
Prerak Goel 
Director 
DIN: 00348563 
 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: As above 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
101, HDIL Towers, Anant Kanekar Marg, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051, India 
T     
F     
E     
W   
CIN
+91 22 6704 9000 
+91 22 6704 9010 
cs@concordenviro.in 
www.concordenviro.in 
L45209MH1999PLC120599
PRERAK 
GOEL
Digitally signed by 
PRERAK GOEL 
Date: 2025.11.14 
11:47:11 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
  
“Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRAYAS GOEL – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – CONCORD ENVIRO 
SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MR. PRERAK GOEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
CONCORD ENVIRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MR. ANISH GOEL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – CONCORD ENVIRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MR. SUDARSHAN KAMATH – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – CONCORD ENVIRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
MR. ABHIJIT GHALKE – HEAD STRATEGY AND 
M&A – CONCORD ENVIRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KANAV KHANNA – ERNST & YOUNG (EY 
LLP) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Concord Enviro Systems Limited Q2 and 
H1 FY '26 Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on a touch-tone phone. Please note, this conference is going to be recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kanav Khanna. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Kanav Khanna: 
Thanks, and good morning to all the participants on the call, and thanks for joining our Q2 and 
H1 FY '26 earnings call of Concord Enviro Systems Limited. Please note that, we have mailed 
out the results to everyone, and you can see these on our website and also uploaded on our stock 
exchanges. In case you have not received it, you can write to us, we'll be happy to send it over. 
 
And before we proceed to the call, let me remind you that the discussions may contain some 
forward-looking statements and may invoke known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and factors. 
It must be viewed in conjunction with our business and could also cause future results or 
performance to vary significantly from what is expressed or implied. To take the results of this 
quarter and answer to all your questions, we have the management of Concord Enviro Systems 
Limited with us. 
 
Please welcome Mr. Prayas Goel, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Prerak Goel, Executive 
Director, Mr. Anish Goel, Group CFO, Mr. Sudarshan Kamath, CFO, and Mr. Abhijit Ghalke, 
Head of Strategy and M&A. We'll be starting the call with a brief overview of the quarter and 
H1 gone past, and then we'll follow it up with some questions and answers. 
Now with that, being said, I'll transfer the call to Mr. Prayas Goel. Over to you, sir. 
Prayas Goel: 
Thank you, Kanav. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to Concord 
Enviro's Q2 and H1 FY '26 earnings call. 
 
Thank you for taking the time to join us today. Let me begin with a quick recap of our company 
before moving to the highlights of the quarter and the half year. As you know, Concord Enviro 
has over three decades of experience in water and wastewater management, and as established 
itself as a technology-driven, globally integrated solutions provider. 
 
Our focus continues to be on zero-liquid discharge and energy-efficient technologies that help 
industries meet their water sustainability goals while optimizing costs. Our business continues 
to operate across three key segments, systems and plants, consumables and spares, and 
operation, maintenance, and digitization. This covers the entire value chain from design and 
commissioning to life cycle management. 
 
We have also forwarded into compressed biogas or CBG systems last year, aligning with India's 
growing clean energy agenda. In fact, our CBG projects are getting off the block in Q3 FY '26. 
Also, we have a strong and experienced team with us to lead the execution of these projects for 
CBG. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
We serve a diverse client base across industries, such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, food and 
beverages, defense, automobile, energy, steel, and textile, reflecting the versatility and 
scalability of our technology. 
On the R&D front, our 31-member team continues to drive innovation in membrane design and 
system efficiency. As of this quarter, we hold nine patents and 21 more applications are under 
process. Our solutions are developed from cost principles, not assembled from off-shelf 
components, which is a key differentiator for us. 
We are pleased to share some of the exciting technology advancements made during the year. 
We have successfully completed field trials of our oil fluid membrane, and in parallel, we are 
developing a new line of heat exchangers based on our evaporation technology, which use non-
corrosive plastics in place of stainless steel, thereby offering a cost-effective and durable 
alternative for a wide range of process applications. 
 
Additionally, our team has formulated a proprietary chemical mix to reduce silica content in 
effluent streams, helping to lower both chemical consumption and sludge generation costs. We 
have also designed new profit schematics for treating high-strength acid and alkali wastewater 
generated during solar panel manufacturing. Trials for this solution are currently underway with 
one of the leading solar panel manufacturers in India, and early results are very encouraging. 
 
We are also expanding our innovation efforts beyond wastewater treatment into process 
separations and emerging sustainability areas, such as solar photovoltaics, green hydrogen, 
carbon capture, and semiconductors, where we are partnering with leading industry players to 
co-develop next-generation technologies. 
In fact, we are close to signing our first solar PV order for retrofitting an existing ZLD system 
to value-add in terms of performance, opex reductions, energy savings, and eventually 
greenhouse gas emission reduction as a main target. Talking about revenue from operations for 
Q2 FY '26, it stood at INR1,248.45 million compared to INR1,618.94 million in Q2 FY '25.  
The year-on-year decline is optically due to an exceptionally strong Q2 FY '25, which had a 
significant billing from our Mexico project back then. Also on the project execution front, we 
have faced an unexpected delay in one of our Africa projects due to pending approvals from 
local authorities. This has temporarily deferred execution and revenue recognition. 
 
Consequently, we are revising our FY '26 revenue growth guidance from 18% to 20% to now 
around 12% to 15%. While this has impacted our short-term performance, we remain confident 
that project execution will normalize in the coming quarters and contribute meaningfully to 
growth thereafter. As of September 30, 2025, our order book stood at INR5,354 million. 
 
Segment-wise, about 53% of this pertains to zero-liquid discharge-type projects, 15% to 
compressed biogas systems, and the rest coming from the operation and maintenance contracts 
and spares and consumers. Additionally, we are in advanced discussions for new projects worth 
approximately INR2,700 crores with encouraging conversion costs. Our significant new product 
launch has been the raw effluent membrane, or the REM product. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
This is a revolutionary new membrane system which can treat raw effluents directly by 
membrane in tough applications such as paper, textile, food and beverage, and several others. 
Use of this REM membrane majorly simplifies the treatment and reuse process for our clients, 
saving them energy, chemicals, reducing sludge, and more importantly, reducing the use of 
valuable real estate. With increased penetration of the REM product, we will have a significant 
competitive advantage in the marketplace. 
 
We also recently participated in the IFAT event, water event, in Mumbai this year, and we are 
glad to share that we received an overwhelming response at this event. Looking ahead, we 
remain encouraged by strong structural tailwind, rising regulatory focus on wastewater 
discharge, increasing importance of water security, and growing ESG commitments by global 
corporations. These trends reinforce our long-term growth potential and leadership in sustainable 
water solutions. 
 
With that, I'd now like to hand over to Mr. Prerak Goel, Executive Director, to walk you through 
the financial performance of Q2 and H1 FY '26. Thank you. 
Prerak Goel: 
Thank you, Prayas. Good morning, everyone. As stated earlier, our revenue for the quarter stood 
at INR1,248 million. This is up 22% from the previous quarter, but it was down 23% year-on-
year. As Prayas mentioned, this was primarily due to the large billing that we had in Q2 FY '25 
for the Mexico project, which did not contribute this year, as some of the export projects were 
H2 heavy. Additionally, the EBITDA, without other incomes, stood at INR77 million compared 
to a loss of INR9 million in the first quarter, and INR273 million in Q2 FY '25. 
 
The year-on-year decline in absolute terms reflects both higher employee costs. This is mainly 
due to ongoing leadership and business expansion with the CBG and carbon initiators for the 
business, and the elevated base from last year's export order. This obviously is in conjunction 
with the delay of the Africa project, which is impacting some of it. 
 
So we do also want to revise EBITDA guidance. We expect about a 1% down from the EBITDA 
targets that we had set for the year. PAT after discontinued operations stood at INR45 million 
compared to INR51 million in Q1, and INR189 million in Q2 FY '25. 
 
For H1 FY '26, revenue stood at INR2,272 million, EBITDA at INR68 million, and PAT after 
discontinued operations at INR86 million. This is compared to INR129 million for the same 
period last year. While the near-term performance reflects the impact of the Africa project delay, 
our order visibility remains very strong. We are confident that the strategic investments we are 
making in talent technology and execution will enable us to deliver sustainable long-term value. 
With that, we now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. On the margin side, EBITDA margin 
have been compressed in H1 nearly 3% compared to 11.6% in last H1. I think this H1 is basically 
like lower-based and having the lower fixed cost absorptions. I think in H2 maybe a 60% to 65% 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 5 of 14 
 
kind of weightage will be there. Whether we can be able to achieve double-digit margins in H2 
and we can be able to maintain nearly 14% to 16% kind of margin in overall in FY 2026? 
Prerak Goel: 
Hi, thanks for your question. Yes, I think we're quite confident. As I said, I think it's about a 1% 
hit in EBITDA, what we expect. So we should be in that. I think the guidance was about 16% to 
17%. So we should be between the 15% to 16% given the projections. 
 
As you said, the H2 order execution that we have based on the order book that we currently have 
and some of the orders we expect to close in Q3, we should be in that 12% to 15%, sort of, 
revenue growth range. So that's the maximum impact that we see. We are confident that we will 
hit the margins and the top-line that we are now kind of giving out because these are backed by 
orders and pretty much in the advanced stages of execution. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. Sir, CBG projects starting from Q3, and what is the current timeline for revenue 
recognitions from your initial CBG projects? And with a target of 3 to 5 industrial projects per 
year, maybe 100 core kind of potential, what is the scalability and the margin profile of this 
segment compared to your core ZLD business? 
Prerak Goel: 
Prayas, you wanted to just talk about the CBG? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, sir. 
Management: 
Yes, sorry, sir. 
Prerak Goel: 
CBG projects. 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, yes, yes. So, yes, we have penciled in about a INR45 plus crores top-line in the next two 
quarters, so in terms of execution of two of the three tested projects. In terms of the industrial 
pipeline for CBG, we've seen a lot of exciting kind of openings which are coming across 
wherein, you know, the industry already has access to captive waste, which has been one of the 
major kind of factors which has been ailing this industry, so that is going to bring us a lot of 
security in these projects. So the pipeline remains strong. In terms of the margin profile, we see 
it being relatively similar in terms of EBITDA contribution to our ZLD. 
Prerak Goel: 
And just on the large projects, as you had asked, so, yes, generally we have about, you know, 
half a dozen larger projects that we would execute during the year. So, currently for this year, 
you know, we had projects in Africa, out of which one of them has faced a little bit of a delay in 
terms of the civil startup approvals. 
 
So, because of that, it looks like the civils will only get underway in Q4, which may impact 
revenue recognition in this financial year. So, that's the reason why the revenue recognition has 
been revised. Barring that, the other large projects that we are currently executing are on track. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay. Thanks, so on the order book side, order book remains flat in at least 535 growth rate of 
change. And how this order book visibility and what is the inquiries, especially in domestic and 
international markets? And you mentioned about the African project has been shifting to next 
year, financial 2027. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
And what kind of inquiry levels, especially we are getting from Africa and Middle East levels? 
And is there any shift to USD denominated contracts impacting your competitive positioning in 
these regions? And secondly, you mentioned about L1 number better than 400 million order in 
nuclear sector. 
Prerak Goel: 
Sorry, 400 million? 
Balasubramanian: 
400 million nuclear sector order. 
Prerak Goel: 
Nuclear, yes, yes. Sorry, yes. Yes. 
Balasubramanian: 
So what has been your conversion case from L1 into the final order year? Is there any timeline 
for this such process in the government or the nuclear sector? 
Prerak Goel: 
Right, right. Yes, so I'll just start with your, yes, so just let me start with the nuclear bit. So, this 
is a seawater desalination tender that we have – we are L1 in that tender. And it's generally about 
a two-month process for the government to kind of convert that into an order. So, we are 
currently expecting this to – order to materialize end of November, early December. And 
execution will be about eight to nine months for this particular project. 
 
So, yes, on the desalination side, there is a lot of focus both from industry and governments to 
tap seawater along the coast for the industrial requirement. And again in conjunction with the 
projects that we have completed for Divi's Laboratories, for Sterling & Wilson for a project 
where they were building a solar power plant and they wanted water for rinsing. So, we definitely 
are consolidating our position around to see what we sell market, especially for these small to 
midsize requirements. 
 
Just in terms of, sorry, you also talked about the pipeline. So I would like to say that I think India 
is seeing a very strong focus in terms of growth and the inquiry pipeline that we're getting from 
large corporates for investing in water recycling is very, very strong. I think, you know, the 
relationships that we've had with the large corporate, especially people like Tata Motors, Tata 
Steel, we are reaping those benefits today. 
 
And I think, you know, we continue to focus on these inquiries. So, also, if you're aware that 
India is kind of launching certain recycling applications to large water consumers. So that will 
also kind of help the business in the upcoming years. 
 
So the inquiry pipeline in India remains quite strong. Now, internationally, we continue to focus 
on key markets, markets like Mexico, South Africa, where the local governance or the local 
standards that the countries are implementing in terms of wastewater discharge have been 
becoming more and more stringent. And the implementation of this has been kind of now being 
focused on by these countries. 
 
So, for example, Mexico will go by March 27. They have obligations for a lot of the industries 
to meet the new standards. So as a result of that, in Mexico itself, we're talking to some of the 
large alcobev companies, the food and beverage sector, something like yeast to be expecting a 
large order as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
So, there is a lot of discussion happening in markets like Mexico. Africa is another area where 
there is a lot of development happening and a lot of green capital flowing in there, which then 
requires companies to follow good practices in terms of their Zero Liquid Discharge. So that 
continues to see strong focus as well. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. So my last question, the 7.5 TPT carbon capture project, I think is a key proof-of-
concept. And what’s the targeted commercial in this business in terms of sale of systems, carbon 
credit sharing, and the services side? And what are the key regulatory or technological 
milestones that would require a broader rollout beyond FY 2027? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes. So thank you for that question. It's a very interesting focus area for us. And the deployment 
of the first commercial pilot is going well. And in Q4, we should be stabilizing that pilot. 
Consequently, we expect kind of revenue to come  in H2 of kind of 2027 from thereon. 
 
The pipeline, again, there is very interesting across a wide range of industries, driven largely not 
only by regulatory but also by kind of more voluntary requirements from export-driven markets 
and also local clients looking to switch over to eventually to greener solutions. So, we do expect 
on the technology side there have been good improvements in terms of ROE ratios for the 
biological systems that we are kind of deploying. So, yes, we request you all to stay tuned to get 
more updates on this in the coming quarter. Thank you. 
Balasubramanian: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Ochiramani from Alpha Alternatives. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Sir, my question is on business side. There are a lot of countries those are making membranes, 
RONF, UF, and MF. Countries like US, Japan, Korea, China, Germany. And when we talk about 
desalination or any other process. So, there has been disconnect with the market and we want to 
understand the technology you guys have which is what we claim is a little different or what is 
the mode we have, what is the core competency we have that we exist in broader markets like 
Mexico or even India. What is our core competency in this business? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, thank you for the question, sir. Our core competency and our mode really in these 
businesses are twofold. Firstly, it's coming out of our products and our IT backed product which 
is solutions such as differential membrane, different mainframe type systems which we 
manufacture. 
 
So, it's coming out of the hardware, let's say, number one. And number two, it's coming out of 
our knowledge of these industrial wastewater, the application development that we make, 
understanding what contributes to the pollutant load in the wastewater, what kind of solutions 
need to be made. So, we have two decades of piloting and R&D on this subject. 
 
We have a huge body of knowledge and expertise in these areas. So these are two things which 
contribute to really building a very strong kind of you can almost say a pull from key clientele 
in understanding that this is the kind of solution that they need and is what is driving kind of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 8 of 14 
 
global value seekers in terms of recycling and zero-liquid discharge to kind of look to Concord 
to provide them solutions. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
So, this is the experience we have with the clients, I understand. But can we quantify in the sense 
of efficiency, how are you placed with the global players versus the global players? Are we any 
better in terms of efficiency or cost? Like you've said, we are cheaper, 10%-15% cheaper to 
global guys. But simultaneously, are we more efficient? Why would any customer choose us? 
Just to understand on business front?  
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, sir. So, I'll just maybe take another minute to bring you back to the fact that India is being 
one of the leaders in zero-liquid discharge and recycling. So, if you look at the global 
marketplace, on a global scale, India is the leader. And the kind of technology and experience 
that we have in reuse and zero-liquid discharge, to be very honest, is not there on the global side. 
 
And as a result of that experience and that head start, which we have in India and companies 
such as ours, we are able to provide, in certain cases, a very massive advantage to the client in 
terms of operating costs, where the technology that we provide can lead to up to a 50% operating 
cost advantage in many cases. 
 
And in zero-liquid discharge, the kind of lifecycle operating costs or the annual operating costs 
is the key driver for any customer in the decision making. It's not just the capex where, obviously, 
given our lower cost base coming out of India, we are competitive compared to global players 
on capex. 
 
But more importantly, on operating costs, that's where the customers try to do the lifecycle cost 
analysis and then say, hey, this is a significant saving. And that turns out to be the key decision-
making factor for them in choosing a partner in the plan. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
And in terms of efficiency, are we any better? 
Prayas Goel: 
We are miles ahead, sir. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Can you quantify? Because desalination needs some 99% and more of sufficient. 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes, I'm talking in general about zero-liquid discharge. But yes, in terms of desalination, for 
example, I can say that if you compare the recent order wins that we've had, our captive power 
requirement has been at least 12% to 18% lower than what the other bids our customer has 
received. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Thank you so much. This answers my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Soniya Varnekar from Dalal & Broacha PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Soniya Varnekar: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So firstly, I want to understand, what is the size of this 
African project which saw delay in approval? And secondly, you have revised your FY '26 
guidance lower. So you expect this approval to come in FY '27 for that African project. So what 
is the guidance for FY '27? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Prayas Goel: 
Thanks, Soniya. So the size of the project was about $6.7 million. And it was broken up into a 
bit of local civil works and supply of equipment. At the current moment, we expect the approvals 
to come into Q4 of our financial year. So we expect to start the civils somewhere in that quarter. 
So there will be, let's say, a minor revenue recognition coming into this quarter, maybe to the 
extent of about $1 million. And the balance, about $5.7 million, is what we expect to go next 
year, I mean, in terms of execut next year. 
So, I mean, see, we've not worked out detailed numbers. We go through our budgeting exercise 
closer to December. So we don't have a finite FY budget. But I think in conjunction with the 
growth aspects, we see generally a year near growth. We are kind of still looking at 18%, 20% 
there's nothing, which has changed our forecast for growth. 
It was just the export orders, as we always have said, that we have a longer visibility for these, 
because these are generally executed over periods of 10 months to 12 months, sometimes even 
longer. So just from our export order book at the current moment this has seen a little bit of a 
slippage. 
 
So it should help us in exceeding some targets in FY 2027. But I think it's too early for me to 
give you guidance on that once we have our internal meetings, the numbers we can probably 
give us more. And I think probably in the Q3 earnings call, since we'll have completed our 
budgeting activities, we'll probably be more, you know, probably correct on the numbers. 
Soniya Varnekar: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Prerak Goel: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Ochiramani from Alpha Alternatives. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
So, I wanted to understand. Thank you for taking me back in the queue. But regarding CBG 
project, what is the competency again here we have, because lot of players in the market are 
doing, I understand we have a capable team. But in terms of are we getting the raw material 
cheaper to make the – or what is the competency and what will be the margins? What will be 
the asset tons we are expecting in terms of what we are investing and what we are getting? 
Prerak Goel: 
Kunal, thank you for the question again. So, yes, I think in terms of competency within the team, 
within the fact that we've been delivering biogas projects for the last three decades, this focus 
that we have on industrial waste, Kunal, is basically to say that we are focusing on areas where 
the industry is itself generating organic waste, which today is being sent for external disposal. 
And in many cases, that disposal comes at a cost. So you can say there is a negative cost for 
waste. 
 
We are not relying on any feedstock for the CBG plant or the biogas plant coming from any 
external source. It is an internally generated waste today, which is in complete control of the 
company, right. So that is the main focus of our CBG plant. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
And in terms of margin, should we be better compared to…? 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes. I would say the range bound in terms of the similar EBITDA or kind of profile to our core 
business, I would say, in terms of our F&E or our variety. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Fair enough, sir. So in August, con call , you said that you aspire to continue at 20% growth. 
And current year might be a shift of revenue to next year. But as I understand, there is no order 
loss or revised expectations in terms of numbers. So it was kind of hinted that we should reach 
a INR1,000 crores top line, but it was not explicitly guided in FY27 call. And current capacity 
should do a revenue of INR1,300 crores, INR1,400 crores. So do we still stand at the same 
guidance, 20% growth and somewhere reaching the current capacity utilization by FY 2028 or 
2029? 
Prerak Goel: 
Yes. I think long-term, that is what we are looking at. So I think even from the capacity 
expansion perspective, yes, I mean, with the new investments that we will be putting in from the 
proceeds that we raised in the IPO, getting up to INR1,300 crores, INR1,400 crores is not a 
problem and the long-term guidance remains at 20%. We see the business growing very strongly 
over the years. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
And thirdly, Sir, you said some INR20-odd crores is available for further tech and licensing 
deals in last con call. 
Prayas Goel: 
Yes 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Just wanted to understand what are these licensing deals and how will this benefit us? Are there 
any things on the table and when should we expect this? 
Prayas Goel: 
There are a couple of advanced stages that we are in. So in the current quarter, we expect to kind 
of deploy some of these funds. The focus remains more on technology licensing, more value-
added in terms of solutions, which will bring in, not only technology but also some ability to do 
some contract manufacturing as well. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
And how should this benefit us? 
Prayas Goel: 
The benefits will be mainly in terms of applications, in terms of the competitiveness of our 
solution. As I mentioned, we will be able to open up new sectors in terms of industrial waste, 
water reuse and zero-liquid discharge. And thirdly, like I said, also add some top line in terms 
of contract manufacturing as a licensing. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Perfect. Sir, and couple of bookkeeping questions. So Sharjah is 9% tax rate. So what should be 
our effective tax rate for the next couple of years? And secondly, we've had forex losses in terms 
of peso and USD hedging. So will we expect any forex losses or this has been contained from 
now on in the next two-three years? 
Prerak Goel: 
Yes. I think we've done two things in terms of forex losses. At least, whatever we have in 
exposure on the books currently, we've tried to contain as much as possible. So whatever hedging 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 11 of 14 
 
and everything that was possible to be done and a system set up to monitor that has been put in 
place. 
 
I think this year, because the peso has appreciated against the USD, there has been a significant 
gain in our forex loss. So the forex losses we had last year, we've almost overcome them. So 
obviously, whatever was the real forex loss that we had last year was accounted last year. But at 
least whatever was the unrealized has kind of got reversed and changed. 
 
The long-term policy from a group perspective, what we've done also is that we have switched 
our order currency mainly to US dollars. So wherever we are taking new orders, the exposure 
for supply of equipment, which is done from our India and Sharjah entities, is all going to be 
dollar denominated. 
 
And only the local works in terms of the installation, in case it's the EPC, then the civil, that will 
continue to be in the local currency, which will obviously then not impact us on the forex 
margins. So that's the plan going forward. 
 
And I think even if you look at the projects in Africa, etc., we follow the similar model. So yes, 
we don't expect anything large. We just need to manage the USD-INRrisk that we would be 
having as an organization. So your first question, the first part of that question was -- I' am? 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Tax rates? 
Prerak Goel: 
Tax rates, yes, sorry. So in UAE, the 9% corporate tax is for entities which are doing business. 
So just to clarify, we are a free zone establishment. So in UAE, what they have said is that if 
you're a free zone establishment, you're eligible for tax only if you're doing work in the mainland. 
So if I'm selling from my free zone into Dubai or into UAE, then I'm subject to tax. 
 
For all revenue where I am exporting goods outside the country, the tax rate is not applicable to 
us. So we continue to enjoy a tax-free benefit in the UAE. This is as of the laws at the current 
moment. So, given that our profits are split equally between the two jurisdictions, we expect the 
average tax rate to be between the 12% and 14% sort of a wage. And obviously, this will keep 
fluctuating as projects keep moving, right? So depending on where the larger order base is 
coming from. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
This should be the larger 20% to 18% tax rate for next couple of years, I assume? 
Prerak Goel: 
It looks like by the segment-wise revenue in terms of exports and what we're doing in India, I 
would say between 12% and 14% generally would be the tax rate, the effective tax rate for us. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Sir, and also, I understand that we move all the contracts to USD. But what is the policy of 
hedging? Do we book the hedging rates at the day of booking the orders or how does it work? 
Prerak Goel: 
No. So I see there is always an order execution cycle and the payment cycle depending on that. 
So, we can only book the hedge once we have a sort of a crystallized cash flow from those 
projects. So, basically when we have invoices where we can actually have the final date on 
payment, that's when we can typically hedge. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 12 of 14 
 
 
It becomes very difficult and expensive to hedge a project upfront at the time of getting the order 
because cash flows might move depending on the project cycle. So, yes, it is basically done once 
the payment is available and confirmed. So, on that basis, then we start doing that. 
 
We also obviously have a lot of imports in USD. So, on the import side, we typically hedge 
everything that we have a liability that has to be paid for once the orders are in. 
Kunal Ochiramani: 
Thank you, sir. This was very helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Prerak Goel: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask a question may press star and one on the touchtone 
telephone. The next question is from the line of Aditya Arora from P4 Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Arora: 
Good morning, Prayas and Prerak. Just a follow-on question. How are you seeing this 
consumable spare parts and O&M business growth, which in the last six months and for the next 
six months and even going forward? 
 
That's one part of the question. And second was, you know, if we split the revenue for FY 2026 
and 2027, let's start with 2026. Are you seeing ZLD or system business largely flat this year 
versus the previous year? 
Prerak Goel: 
Okay, thanks. Thanks for the question. So I'll just answer the first part of it. So, on the O&M, I 
would say a lot of the large projects that we've done last year, especially like Mexico, you know, 
they went into O&M gradually from Q2. So, you know, Q3 and Q4, we will see that O&M 
getting pretty much solidized, all the plants will be working there. 
 
So, that will obviously boost up revenues. Even in India, some of the large projects that we've 
done are currently in commissioning and handover phases. So, you know, we see some growth 
in in H2, from our O&M business. And that's how we are kind of forecasting the overall growth 
for the year. 
Trading in spares remains strong. You know, we've been also given that, you know, for the 
Mexico projects, there will be some spares that the clients will procure from us for their ongoing 
maintenance, etc. So, we see that to be quite strong as well. 
The third-party O&M business also is doing well. We've got some good traction there. So, I 
think last quarter we had spoken about a project that we'd got from a large EPC player. So that 
kind of, you know, we're consolidating that position. We're hoping to get more contracts from 
that same player for other projects as well. 
 
So that , the O&M and spares is obviously a big focus area. We want it to kind of grow to 40%, 
45% of revenues. As we always say, it's kind of the best contribution to the bottom-line as well 
and gives us a lot of insights into client workings. 
 
In terms of the revenue forecast for the current year, see, I think, you know, obviously the export 
business was lumpy last year as well because we had this large order from Mexico. So, if you 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 13 of 14 
 
look at what's happening is that the Indian business segment has been growing. The exports will 
probably shrink as compared to what we had last year. 
 
So, given that, we should be at about a 14% to 15% sort of growth for the full year basis on the 
systems and plants business. Yes, I mean, so yes, we generally see that kind of growth coming 
in from each of the segments. So, I don't see a flattish kind of a thing, but you will see a shift 
between exports and domestic. 
Aditya Arora: 
Got it. Okay, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vineet Mehta from Ashika Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Vineet Mehta: 
Sir, I have a follow-up question on basically Outlook. So with new R&D processes coming and 
new CBG project coming, so 2026, you have said that 14% to 15%, but what about 2027, like, 
what do we expect in 2027, 2028 going down the line, like, what will be the growth rate in CBG 
projects? 
 
And if the starting range of CBG projects margin is 14% to 15%, how, when it gets on full scale, 
how can you leverage it more further, like, will it go more 100 basis, 200 basis points ahead? 
And what will be the implications of that new R&D process you have taken, which will also 
boost margins? So, what will be your margins going forward? What are the targets for margins 
going forward? 
Prerak Goel: 
Yes. Sure. So, sorry, just answering your questions in part, so I think just on the growth profiles, 
as I said earlier as well, I think overall we don't see any change. We do see 20% sorts of growth 
rates that we should be able to achieve, you know, going forward. So while we have not done 
our exact budgets yet for FY 2027, I think the general guidance and the sentiment in the country 
and given the kind of inquiries that we have, you know, the growth targets for us remain in that 
segment. 
 
In terms of the margin profile, especially for CBG, see, we've been doing a lot of the biogas 
projects, even the Mexico project, a large biogas project. Right now also we bid for a large 
biogas project for wastewater in South Africa. So, there is a lot of projects that we do for biogas. 
Now, tuning that to CBG, the core technology is the same. 
 
You know, you still need the same tanks, the same systems to set up a CBG plant as well because 
the biogas piece is almost similar. And then you need some specialized equipments like 
compressors, et cetera, to concentrate that gas and clean the gas. That's where CBG gets a little 
different from the industrial biogas projects. 
 
So, you know, I think starting off we're definitely seeing that, you know, because we have a core 
team which will be running the CBG project, there will be some local site works that will be 
required. So, you know, we're kind of expecting a 14% to 15% sort of a margin. See, it will 
increase as we keep doing more projects, the more scale that we get, more multiple projects 
running together. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concord Enviro Systems Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 14 of 14 
 
 
So I think we can definitely increase our project base there. As I said, for any business that we 
like to run, we generally like to target about 18%, 20% sort of EBITDA numbers over longer 
terms. So, you know, we like to enter the businesses if we see that being scalable and possible 
to get up to those numbers. 
 
So that continues to remain our target. But, yes, as we scale up, we will continue to, you know, 
look at what's the best numbers that we can get. It's also market-dependent, as Prayas said. You 
know, this is a solution that we're giving to a lot of industrial clients who have capital waste. So, 
you know, it's about getting the project economics right for them so that they can, you know, 
invest in these projects and actually get a return from their waste. I'm sorry did I miss any part 
of your question? 
Vineet Mehta: 
No, no, that was part of it. 
Prerak Goel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the contents over 
to the management for the closing comments. 
Prerak Goel: 
Thank you, everyone, for your time on the call today and the questions. We look forward to 
connecting again in the Q3 call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Concord Enviro Systems Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
