9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
TCS/SE/137/2025-26 
November 4, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
 
P. J. Towers,   
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)   
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400051    
 Mumbai - 400001   
Symbol - TCS 
 Scrip Code No. 532540 
Dear Sirs, 
 Sub: Transcript of the Investor Call held on October 31, 2025 
In furtherance to our letters dated October 27, 2025, October 30, 2025, and November 1, 2025, 
and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor Call held on 
October 31, 2025 at 04:00 PM (IST), for your information and records. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tcs.com. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited  
Yashaswin Sheth 
Company Secretary 
ACS 15388 
Encl: As above 
YASHASWIN 
NARENDRA 
SHETH
Digitally signed by 
YASHASWIN 
NARENDRA SHETH 
Date: 2025.11.04 
16:42:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page | 1  
 
Fireside Chat 
TCS’ AI Data Center Investment and Opportunity 
October 31, 2025, 16:00 Hrs IST 
 
Corporate Participants: 
Samir Seksaria, Tata Consultancy Services Ltd - Chief Financial Officer 
Mangesh Sathe, Tata Consultancy Services Ltd - Chief Strategy Officer 
Deepesh Kiran Nanda, Subject Matter Expert 
 
Moderator: 
Kawaljeet Saluja, Kotak Securities Ltd – Head of Research and Lead Analyst – IT 
Services  
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Kawaljeet Saluja, Head of Research 
and Lead IT Analyst at Kotak Institutional Equities. I'll be your host 
and moderator for this session.  
Today, we have with us the Ace team of TCS for a fireside chat on the 
topic of TCS's AI Data Center Investment and Opportunity. Let me 
start by introducing the team. 
The Gentleman in the center is Samir Seksaria, needs no 
introduction. He is CFO of TCS. Our next panellist is Mangesh Sathe, 
who serves as the Chief Strategy Officer at TCS, he also serves as the 
head of Global Consulting Practice and oversees the M&A function 
of the company. More recently, he was the CEO of Tata Strategic 
Management group at Tata Sons, where he supported group 
Chairman’s office and CEO of Group companies in strategy and 
transformation initiatives. 

 
 
Page | 2  
 
Our third panellist for today is Deepesh Kiran Nanda, who brings with 
him over three decades of leadership across technology, energy, and 
infrastructure. He has led large scale power and digital initiatives 
from India through Japan and Australia, including senior roles at Tata 
Power and GE. Deepesh is widely regarded as a thought leader on 
sustainability, clean energy and the intersection of power and digital 
transformation.  
We'll start the fireside chat, post which we will open the floor for 
audience Q&A. Do note that this call is only to discuss TCS’s Data 
Center initiatives, so I will request the participants to restrict the 
questions on those lines. 
Okay, let's kick this off. The first question for you, Samir. Why data 
center? What prompted TCS to get into building co-location data 
centers, and what are the adjacencies that you have with the core 
services business? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Absolutely. Great question to start with, Kawal and, if you recall, 
during our Q2 earnings call, we announced our aspiration to become 
the world’s largest AI-led technology services company. AI and 
sovereign data centers are a key component to the overall AI value 
chain. And it provides TCS a unique opportunity to offer an end-to-
end  
 solution in this value chain. So, it's not a standalone 
decision or an isolated decision, but part of the overall  five-pillar 
strategy which we called out  during our earnings call. Now, the key 
driver to the investment is the demand and supply mismatch, and 
addressing this demand creates a nice niche and an adjacency for 
TCS, which we believe will give us long-term, committed annuity 
revenues. 

 
 
Page | 3  
 
Now, if you look at it from a synergy perspective, we benefit from  
both front-end synergies as well as back-end synergies, so that is 
another driver. 
Data Center provides a unique opportunity to TCS to deepen its 
partnership with the various hyperscalers and AI companies. And 
while driving this efficiency, we also can leverage the One Tata 
synergies. So, all in all, if we  look at TCS's dominant position in the 
India IT services market, the strong  partnerships with global 
technology companies which we possess, the access to 
capabilities, and most importantly capital, and the support from 
Tata companies, which we can look at towards connectivity, green 
power,  infrastructure development, will be the key differentiators. 
And, then data center forms the core foundation for our overall 
aspiration to become the world's largest AI-led services company. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Fantastic. That's a great way to start off. 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
Just one point I'll add. See, if you look at globally, data center market 
itself is also expected to see a lot of capital investments over the 
next decade. And this, I'm not talking only about India, I'm talking 
across the world, especially US, Europe, etc. One of the other 
benefits, will also be that our expertise in  working in this sector, we 
will be able to also then provide services related  to this sector in 
other markets as well, because that's also an important  element.  
So, because a lot of build-out is happening. Which I feel, technology 
services companies like ours, should participate and accelerate 
that whole capital investment as well. So that's an added benefit to 
all the other reasons that, Samir outlined. 

 
 
Page | 4  
 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
So, when you refer to the capabilities that you can take outside 
India, is it largely the services capability, or would you also be open 
to asset-heavy business outside India? 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
No, I was referring to the services. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Got that and would the investment initially, be largely on co-location 
side, or are you looking at integration with active infrastructure as 
well? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Our overall current business plan is to look at only passive data 
centers.  We  are not averse to active data centers, but it has capex 
sensitization, 
technology 
refresh 
considerations. 
So, 
any 
incremental considerations on the active side will be more bespoke 
commercial arrangements with our anchor customers. So, as it 
stands, it is more passive. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Mangesh, Samir made an important point that there's a demand-
supply mismatch in the Indian markets today. But, when you look at 
the co-location data center space, the space is heating up with 
multiple conglomerates announcing a Gigawatt(GW) capacity 
plans. So how would TCS's approach differentiate itself from the 
competition, which also seemed to be in a rush to announce the 
Gigawatt capacity as such? 
 

 
 
Page | 5  
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
I think there are two-three factors here. One, the overall demand 
itself. So, if you see the current footprint, which is around 1.5 GW, 
which is installed in  the country. What we see from a potential 
perspective over the next 5 to 7 years, we see this to grow anywhere 
between 10 to 12 GW, so that's a significant headroom that is kind 
of available. If I were to add all the plans that have been announced 
so far, I think there is still a significant headroom available. Given, 
today the players that are currently in the market, plus, additional 
players who are planning to come into the market. So, if I add all of 
that, also still there is a headroom. I don't see any challenge from a 
demand perspective. The second part would be where is this 
demand going to come from? If you see the Indian market 
specifically, I think we are going to probably look at hyperscalers 
driving a large part of the demand, and we see the same globally. I 
think the percentages in India would be similar to global or slightly 
higher, but I think hyperscalers would certainly be one key 
component. 
The second interesting segment that has emerged is the AI 
companies and AI companies, of course, there are a few which 
everyone is aware of, but then there are also new companies, new 
model companies, new application companies in AI who are also 
scaling up and are also thinking of raising a lot of money globally, 
and they also need to invest into data centers. And then, of course, 
there is the private sector and the public sector as well, 
Now, why can TCS really garner this demand? If you look at across 
all these four segments, hyperscalers, AI companies, public sector, 
and private sector, we are working with all four, either on the global 
side, or on the India market side and today we have a front-row seat 
visibility on what those requirements are, right.  

 
 
Page | 6  
 
And as a company, or anyone wanting a data center, they don't really 
want to just do a very transactional piece where they're just talking 
to a data center operator, saying, give me a data center, then speak 
to somebody else for some other services. They would ideally like 
somebody to come in and provide, as Samir said, the end-to-end 
capabilities and offer it to them. We see that as a unique proposition 
that we can provide compared to some of the competitors that exist 
in the market. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Okay, that's fascinating and clear as well. Moving to Deepesh, what 
are the specifications of the planned data center that you have in 
mind? Would this be, let's say, Tier 3 or Tier 4 data centers? What 
kind of rack density are you looking at? What kind of cooling 
infrastructure? And  who do you think are the competitors in the 
market today in India, which are operating those Tier 4 data centers? 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
Thank you, Kawaljeet. Taking a cue from what Mangesh mentioned 
earlier, we are focused on the AI side of the data center. So, if I were 
to look at the  market and I broadly split the market into non-AI and 
AI, our emphasis is largely going to be on the AI side of the data 
centers. That being said, it comes with a much higher rack density. 
So, we're looking at anything greater than 50 kilowatt (kW) per rack, 
all the way up to 180 kW per rack, and on the upper band, around 
370 kW per rack. We should average out at 240 kW per rack. With 
this comes the impact on cooling. So, these would be heavily 
skewed towards more liquid cooling. We are looking at upwards of 
70% liquid cooling. And that will then reduce our PoE’s to anywhere 
between 1.25 to 1.3, as compared to the current PoE, what you see 

 
 
Page | 7  
 
in the country, driven by air cooling of 1.45 to as high as 1.6. So, 
more focused on the AI side, more focused on High rack densities, 
more focused on more liquid cooling, and hence, our PUEs will be 
capped between 1.25 and 1.3. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Do you think that you require that kind of high-power density,   
superheated 240 kW racks? Because for that, essentially, what you 
would require is Large Language Model training or some use cases 
around that. Otherwise, those 10 to 12 kW racks can do fine. So, are 
you basically sensing demand on AI Large Language Model training, 
for you to support this kind of a capacity build-out? 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
That’s a great question, and that's the space that we want to occupy. 
And to  answer your question specifically, that's the kind of demand 
that we are seeing in the early days of the announcement that we've 
made. The demand is more on the AI side, and with that comes 
quantum load, concentrated load, which is in, say, 100 MW 
multiples. So, the answer to the question is yes, there is demand, of 
that nature from international AI companies. In the Indian market 
currently, the AI load is in the range of 2-4%. Globally, it's the range 
of 10-15%. It's the right opportunity for India to get into that AI load 
servicing, and that's exactly what we'll be catering to in the first 
phase of the rollout. 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
I think as far as, training versus inferencing, I think each company 
and depending on how their data center footprint is distributed, 
they are designing basis their own considerations, and latency, and 
where their markets, demand pools, etc are. We cannot comment 

 
 
Page | 8  
 
on whether, if training will be more or inferencing will be more. At the 
end of the day, whether it is inferencing or training, the GPUs will 
require a certain amount of infrastructure that will need to be 
supported. And what we are talking about is, creating an 
infrastructure which should be ready to support those loads, 
irrespective whether it's training or inferencing. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
I’m curious to know Mangesh, is inferencing workloads better 
supported by edge data centers, or would your large data centers 
also be effective for inferencing? 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
It depends on the use cases that will be there, also who is putting 
up that capacity. If it is a hyperscaler kind of a capacity, they would 
ideally want to put it up in a larger data center. Of course, if it is a 
private enterprise, optimizing its own loads in, for their specific 
footprint, could be a manufacturing footprint or any other footprint, 
they will probably design it differently. So, each one will have a 
different view. 
From our perspective, I think our capacities, are not really edge data 
centers. We are creating the core data centers and that's where our 
focus will be right now. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Do you hit the ball out of the park by straight away starting off with 1 
GW, or Samir, will that tone everyone down with a smaller capacity 
initially? 
 

 
 
Page | 9  
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Building it at 1GW would require a lot of, many things, not just 
capital, in terms of availability of infrastructure and everything also. 
Our plan is to phase it out. It would be in the range of 100 to 200 
Megawatt (MW), each pod or phase. And it would be across multiple 
phases. So, it would be over a period of probably 5 to 7 years, when 
we'll hit peak capacity. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Let's say for the first 18 to 24 months, 100 to 200 MW, right? How 
much would it cost to build this data center? And how do you fund 
it? 
 
Samir Sekaria: 
Practically, as we had said, in our earnings call, this capacity will be 
approximately a billion dollars, and it won't be completely funded 
through TCS's cash war chest. It would be a combination of debt 
and equity. And the equity could be one or more partners, and we 
are, currently in advance discussion with a few partners, and in 
advance discussion with multiple bankers on the debt structuring 
side. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
And just to be clear on the earnings call, Samir, what you essentially 
said is that 1 GW would cost around say 6 to 7 billion dollars, so 
when you're talking about 100 to 200 megawatts, it would be in 
proportion, maybe $600 million to a billion dollars. 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Right. 
 

 
 
Page | 10  
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
What do you think should be the optimal, debt-equity structure in 
these kinds of businesses? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
We'd not like to call that out, Kawal, but we have a structure in 
mind. It would be typical of what data centers operate at, but right 
now, we will be unable to share further details. However, you could 
assume a similar structure. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
When you're looking at, equity partnership, would you prefer that 
now, or would you prefer after maybe 2-3 years, once the capacity 
is up and running, and the possibility of better valuation, or are you 
basically looking for equity sourcing, right up front? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
It would be a combination. The partners could be just the equity 
partner, or a technology-cum-equity partnership. 
Options are open, we could have a different combination in each 
phase as well. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Samir, the question which everyone has, on the top of their mind is 
that such kind of businesses alter the ROE and ROCE profile of 
TCS, makes the business capital-intensive, etc. What are your 
thoughts and how would you respond to other those questions and 
criticisms as well? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Given the size of the strong balance sheet and the surplus funds 
which we have, this particular investment per se, is not going to be 

 
 
Page | 11  
 
a significant drag on the TCS balance sheet. It allows us to 
smoothly navigate the investments which we would require. 
Anyways, they are going to be phased out, and not the entire 
investment which you talked about, you mentioned about $600 
million to a billion dollars, is not going to be entirely a cash outflow 
for TCS. So, given that, I don't see it as a major drag, in any of the 
return ratios. TCS has maintained industry benchmarks in terms of 
margins, as well as ROE. Yes, it won't get the same ROEs as you 
would expect from the TCS business, but we are confident we'll be 
able to maintain industry-leading return ratios. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
A question for Deepesh. Let's say you start off today, by what time 
would the basic shell be ready? How much time does it take to 
build a power-optimized design, build those racks, and start 
getting in the revenue streams? And let's say, how much time 
would it take to sell that capacity? If you can just give a broad 
indication of the timelines of both the build part and the sale of 
that capacity, as in when it's ready. 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
Thank you. I'll answer your second question first, we are not 
building any speculative capacity, its build on a firm demand. 
And to answer your first question, from the time we have land 
available, we are targeting completion of an 18-month full 
construction cycle. So, from start date, when we press the button, 
land being available, the delivery will happen in 18 months. 
 

 
 
Page | 12  
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
It's fascinating Deepesh, that you say that you have a firm demand 
in place, because when you look at hyperscalers, the way they have 
been working in India is a little bit different from the developed 
market experience. In developed markets, you end up contracting 
even before the groundbreaking day, because the clearances are 
rather easy. Whereas in India hyperscalers want to identify a spot, a 
location, but only give a firm contract once all the approvals are in 
place. What you seem to indicate is that you already have that 
demand in place, and a firm contract in place. Is that correct? 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
I'd say that there is an active interest, there is inbound inquiry, but 
the way the business planning has been designed is that there is no 
speculative build-out. The build-out is based against firm demand. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
So, effectively, the first revenue stream that you would have, this 
would be more towards end of FY28-FY29, is that right, Samir? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Technically, you should get that around the FY27-28 mark. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
What are your thoughts on the ROE and ROCE profile of this kind of 
a business? Does it, let's say, can it generate returns which are 
comfortably above the cost of capital? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Definitely, it would be comfortably above the cost of capital. The 
IRR we expect, on each of the phases at the project level, is in mid 
to high teens. 

 
 
Page | 13  
 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
That's interesting and, fascinating as well. Deepesh, have you 
identified the land parcels and the location of the initial capacity? 
Are you privy to disclose that? And typically, let's say a Data Center 
would involve a lot of land clearances, land procurement 
clearances, civil infrastructure, cabling, electrical substations, 
there are so many elements involved. Do you intend to build these 
capabilities in-house, or leverage partners from outside, or leverage 
the group capabilities? And if you can just give some broad thoughts 
on execution of the same. 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
We're looking at land parcels across all the key areas where data 
center buildouts are happening, which includes Navi Mumbai, it 
includes Hyderabad, Bangalore, New Delhi, Pune, as an illustrative 
case. In terms of how we go about construction and the contracting, 
all the key items will be contracted. It's a level playing field for 
everyone. We, of course, have in-house strengths, which will be 
leveraged, but it'll be available for competitive bidding across the 
board and that's how we plan to go about, making sure that the 
business gets the best that the business needs, and that'll be the 
plan to build out these data centers. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Initially, the contracting phase would focus largely on 
hyperscalers, or will it be a mix of build-out for both hyperscalers 
and enterprise workloads? 
And you just briefly mentioned about PUE, which I guess you're 
using air and liquid cooling, which will differ from traditional 
workloads. In that case, how would the Capex differ from your 

 
 
Page | 14  
 
traditional data centers, which are normally based on traditional 
cooling mechanisms? 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
To answer your first question, we are looking at large AI load, and 
that could come from pure play AI players, it could also come from 
hyperscalers. Not to say that we won't have a play in enterprise and 
so on, really a combination of offering. In terms of the design of the 
data center, again, it's built to suit, so if an AI data center has a 
specific build to suit, there will be a specific corresponding PUE. 
While the costing will be appropriate to the PUE but so will be the 
returns equation in terms of the revenue that that type of a data 
center would attract. 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Just to add to it, the capacity would be led by an anchor customer, 
which could be an AI-led company or a hyperscaler. And, majority 
of the capacity, if not all, would be led by that, and the incremental 
capacity which would be available would be available for enterprise 
or sovereign. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Question for Mangesh, if you look at some of the hyperscalers, they 
seem to be building out capacities on their own as well. I think AWS 
does have their capacity of their own. Microsoft has some land 
parcels. I think somewhere in Pune, I mean, we don't know Google's 
plan, but Google's also have some similar plans. How do you look 
at a scenario wherein, let's say these hyperscalers are setting up 
their own data centers versus working with partners, and how would 
this dynamic play out in your way? 

 
 
Page | 15  
 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
Today, if you see other markets also, the same dynamic is already 
present, where you will have hyperscalers having their own data 
centers, plus they're working with data center companies, as well. 
So, I don't think it'll be any different here. From a capacity 
perspective, I think, especially the larger companies which require 
multi-megawatt,  kind of a footprint, they will always have a 
scenario where they will have some in-house plus some,  
contracted data center spaces. And the reasons could be many for 
doing that kind of a split, so I don't think, that would change here as 
well.  
There are two other factors in India specifically, given, as I told you, 
the demand outlook that we are seeing, which is, now, where is this 
demand going to come from? Deepesh and Samir talked about the 
AI part. Also, if you look at, the total amount of data that gets 
generated in the country, and amount of that getting processed in 
the country.  
There is a certain ratio that one tracks. So today, India as a country 
will, be probably somewhere closer to a lower single-digit number, 
on that. If I take some of my Asian peers, or some of the more 
leading emerging country players, they will probably be, higher 
single digits. And then, of course, somebody like U.S, etc, will be in 
double digits. So, from that perspective, I think data consumption in 
the country going higher is absolutely a given trend, and I don't 
think, we need to really validate that. 
 I think you talked about edge cases, etc., so the amount of stuff that 
will now need to be processed and the quality of that process also, 
like the latency that will be involved, cost, I think we have not 

 
 
Page | 16  
 
covered that part, but, cost of, I would say, data center per unit, will 
be absolutely a big factor for anyone to consider, right? For 
hyperscalers, it's a capital allocation plus capacity allocation. For 
us, it is going to be a factor of what can we create uniquely in the 
country. So, I think from both supply and demand, there is sufficient 
room, for us to add value. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Okay, that's a very, very helpful perspective, Mangesh. Maybe a 
question for Mangesh and Deepesh, both of you. I know 
interconnect plays a major role in enhancing the stickiness of a data 
center and, boosting revenues, right? How does the company plan 
to address this opportunity, and would that be addressed by TCS, or 
would it be group companies or, someone else would capture that 
opportunity as such? 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
In terms of the topic of interconnect, yes, ours will be a highly 
interconnected design, both within our own DC network and also 
cross DC network. 
On how we do it, I've answered this earlier, there's a level playing 
field, and we'll do all that it takes to be absolutely competitive in the 
market, such that the benefit is retained in the company, and we win 
market share. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Just a final question from my side, and after that, we will open this 
up for participants to ask questions.  Samir, you're getting into a 
capital-intensive phase. There also seems to be a greater appetite, 

 
 
Page | 17  
 
for large M&A. Would it mean that there'll be any changes to capital 
allocation policy that you have in place? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
As I said earlier, we have a strong balance sheet and substantial 
surplus funds, which we have been sitting on for quite a period of 
time, and we get beaten on both sides for spending the money or 
not spending the money.  
But coming to the capital allocation perspective, our capital 
allocation policy has been to return substantial free cash flows 
back to our shareholders. And if you look at the last 5-6 years, we 
have been typically returning 80%-100% of our free cash flows. We 
have, at various points of time, clarified that free cash flows would 
be after all investments we typically make. Our target will be to 
maintain the 80%-100% range. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Okay, that's clear. Now we'll open the floor up for participants to ask 
questions. The first question, which is there in my chat window, let's 
go with that. 
What's the Capex difference between air versus liquid cooling? I 
guess that's a question for you, Deepesh. 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
The capex difference between air and liquid cooling, I'd say it's in 
the range of a ₹35 to 45 crore mark. We are more towards the 45 
crore per MW mark. With the AI data center focused, high on liquid 
cooling, there'll always be a mix of liquid and air. We'll be in that 
bracket of 70-30. 

 
 
Page | 18  
 
And again, the other cost aspect is on Tier 3 versus Tier 4. We'll be 
in that range of Tier 3 plus, which is the demand that we're seeing 
currently in the market. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Deepesh, would these 45 crores also include the interest 
component during the build phase of the data center, or this is 
excluding interest costs, etc? 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
Excluding. This is a capital cost; this is a CapEx investment. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Capital cost. Okay, got that. The other question is that we are seeing 
Indian telcos target the data center opportunity. They seem to have 
partnerships with hyperscalers, domestic enterprise, and AI 
companies, and willing to spend more CapEx. So why compete with 
them? 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
I'll go back to the same piece, right? I would have agreed with this if, 
let's say, the market growth was, I would say in single digits, or 
probably early double digits. We are talking about multiple factor 
growth here, right? So, from that perspective, there is a lot of 
headroom, and given the substantial capital investments that are 
required in doing this, I don't think this is a market where one entity 
can, in a way, dominate the capacity. I feel there is sufficient room 
for more players to come in. And then, I think all the elements that 
we outlined in terms of our right to win, or our ability to win in this, 
makes us, a more attractive company to participate. 
 

 
 
Page | 19  
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Got that. Now, the next question I have in the chat window is that 
what kind of challenges or pushbacks did you face from the board 
and within the top management team when the idea of entering this 
segment was first explored? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
I think, as a team, we evaluated it, put it up to the board. The board 
was receptive enough. Given, as I said, we have been sitting on 
surplus free cash flows, we have been considered conservative over 
a period of time. It's a bet which we are taking, and the board was 
receptive to the same. 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
Just to add, I think if you see, it goes in line with what Samir started 
off saying, which is the whole five-pillar piece for AI, right? So, this 
is not a standalone investment decision, it was one amongst 
another proposal that we had taken to the board. 
I think it comes as a very core part of our overall aspiration, and I 
think if we don't invest in this, we'll not be able to meet our 
aspirations. So, I think this is a very important ingredient. 
From that perspective, of course, it also ticks off all the other boxes, 
it becomes, certainly an attractive proposition. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
The next question from the chat window is that, can you elaborate 
on the tenure of the contracts with the hyperscalers? Is it 9 years 
plus 6 years of renewal, or is it 6 plus 6 plus 6? Any insight on the 
tenure of the contract, and if there's any price escalator embedded 
in these contracts as such? 
 

 
 
Page | 20  
 
Samir Seksaria: 
As we said, we are in the early stages of negotiation, so there is no 
contracting which has firmed or finalized yet, but as our discussion 
states, these will be long-term contracts. That's where I said we 
expect long-term committed annuity revenues. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
What is your GTM and cross-selling strategy in the business? 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
The go-to market for us, as I had talked about various segments, I 
think the first two being on the technology partner side, which is the 
hyperscalers and AI companies, and then there is the enterprise 
side, which is on the public sector and private sector. 
On the hyperscaler and AI companies, these are more core 
partnership conversations. Where, our focus is to really discuss 
with each of these companies to see what we can shape together, 
and how can we support their aspiration in this market, or other 
parts of the world as well. In terms of enterprise, we anyways are 
the leading system integration technology services company 
servicing the India geography. 
I think we are already in all those right Boardroom, CEO room, CXO 
rooms, where these conversations are happening today. So now our 
ability to shape those will become better, because we'll be able to 
provide that entire end-to-end piece. So, I think on both those parts, 
we are well covered. 
And as we progress, we'll see what additional capabilities will be 
needed to support this further. 
 

 
 
Page | 21  
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
And on that part, Mangesh, are the buyers of the decision makers 
involved in data centers completely different, let's say, from the 
hyperscalers with whom we have a partnership on the cloud side? 
How do you build those cross-connects and synergize so as to 
derive the maximum value from this venture? 
Mangesh Sathe: 
So, sorry, I didn't follow. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Let's say on the hyperscaler side, people who take the decision on 
data center, colo, would be completely different from the 
relationships that you would have on the partnership, and go to 
market on the services side. There are two different worlds, so how 
do you make the two meet? 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
I think all the companies that we are talking to and all the partners 
we are talking to, I think our partnerships are pretty deep and long-
term. So, this element is absolutely being facilitated by the 
organization right from the leadership level, where they are 
facilitating these connects, so it's not just about transactional 
conversation where I'm going to somebody who I normally deal with 
for a service or a deal. It's being done in a very strategic way at the 
leadership level, our leadership, as well as their leadership level. 
We are not seeing any challenges on that aspect as well. In fact, 
they are very forthcoming on that. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
The next question in the chat window is that, are there plans to enter 
the cloud segment, or convert your co-location capacity into cloud 
in the future?  

 
 
Page | 22  
 
Would you assume that cloud-center, will be a more-sticky 
business versus colo, and will it help, differentiate a business model 
versus other players that are also simply building co-location 
capacity? If so, do you have any expertise in the cloud segments and 
the approach going forward. 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
We have already launched our sovereign cloud business for India 
and a few other parts of the world. The short answer is yes. I think 
as we scale up our sovereign cloud business, we will be leveraging 
the infrastructure that we are building, even for that business as 
well. 
And the cloud services that we are offering, both in terms of AI as 
well as the non-AI part, are things that we will be scaling up to, both 
public sector as well as private sector. So, yes. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Got that. And the next question is how big, in your view, is the AI 
training and inferencing data center market in India? And will the 
services business of yours also get a boost as you provide infra 
related to the same? That's one of the questions in the chat window. 
So, the question is that how big is the AI inferencing and training 
data center market in India? How much would that grow by? And 
would that provide you with any edge in your AI services business as 
such? 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
If I look at it in two parts, One, if I see, as of today, as well as how do 
we see it going further. Of course, as of today, the market is small, 
given the nature of the services that we are talking about. But what 

 
 
Page | 23  
 
we are talking about are services that we expect to come in the 
future, basis both the requirements, directly consumed by the 
enterprises, or, by the AI companies and the hyperscaler 
companies. 
I think we talked about a few percentages earlier, so I think globally, 
if you see around 10-15% of the DC capacity overall goes with the 
AI, and that part is only going to keep increasing, as more GPUs 
replace CPUs. 
In our case, I think we expect a similar number as we go ahead, in 
terms of how much capacity is from a direct AI load that will get 
consumed. See, there are two other factors. See, one also is a factor 
where a lot of GPUs will also be replacing CPUs on a longer-term 
basis, that's another piece that we might see. That's one part that 
we need to factor in. And then the third part from a sovereign 
perspective as well, we will see AI capacities that we will need to 
deploy to serve the sovereign needs as well. So, I think given all 
these three, we feel the percentages will go up. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Okay, that's reasonably clear. The next question is, does Tata 
Communication have any role to play in the interconnect, which you 
offer in the data center? And do you see them as a part of your GTM, 
as and when the capacity comes up? 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
One of the vendors, in addition to the other vendors that we will, 
release RFPs to. So, the answer is that, yes, they'll be in the mix of 
the vendors that will give us networking solutions. 
 

 
 
Page | 24  
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Deepesh and Mangesh, can you just help us, with the unit 
economics of the data center business? What would a revenue per 
MW look like, how much EBITDA can be generated per MW, the 
payback period, etc. And second is that let's say when you think 
about revenue streams, what are the potential revenue streams that 
are possible in the initial phase? 
I guess there'll be capacity revenue, power revenue, interconnect 
revenues, but if you can just, provide your perspective on it, along 
with unit economics, if you are ready for it, I think it's too early, but 
nonetheless, I think that's the question that has come up in the chat 
window. 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
Okay, too early, but yes, that'll be the model. We're looking at a 
relatively high EBITDA margin business. And in terms of, what will be 
the contracting structure, typically there is a rental yield. And then 
there is margin on the power supply that will be made. Networking 
is typically pass-through. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Typically, Deepesh, what would be the useful life, in your view, of 
various assets that go into your data center? So, at one end of the 
spectrum, you would have a building or a shell which would have a 
life of 30-odd years. On the other hand, you'd have, powers and 
cables which may have a different life. A battery or UPS may have a 
very short life. So, when I basically look at the useful life of a data 
center, what is the duration, and various components’ useful life? 
 

 
 
Page | 25  
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
We can get into design specifics, but I'll give a broad answer that 
we're looking at a 15-year point before any major overhaul happens. 
So, it's not that life comes to an end at the 15th year. Because if you 
look at the power gear, the power gear runs for at least 25 years. 
These are normally governed by the number of operating hours. So, 
the year terminology is a bit misleading. It's on the operating hours. 
The amount of redundancy that's built into these plants also makes 
sure that equipment’s are run to that ratio of the redundancy, and 
hence the life in terms of calendar years tends to be much higher 
than the operating number of hours. So, if you're looking at an 
answer in terms of years, it's upwards of 15 years. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
And Deepesh, if you look at Equinix, let's say their big point of 
differentiation is the points of interconnect and the software fabric 
they have, and the moat they have built around, that aspect as such. 
So, let's say within TCS, you have mentioned in various ways your 
differentiation, in multiple questions. If you have to summarize 
differentiation for TCS overall versus, let's say, some of the global 
players, like an Equinix, or maybe a Digital Realty, what would those 
be? 
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
I think, we have a right to win in this space. We have the 
relationships that was very well explained by Mangesh. We are in 
the ecosystem. We understand power, we understand water 
cooling solutions, we understand networking. In India, as such, all 
these industries are quite mature. 
We are in the infra business as a group. There is enough 
infrastructure experience that's available. And then, the approach 

 
 
Page | 26  
 
in terms of how execution would happen, we would look at safety, 
that's our number one priority. Absolutely safe operations, 
everybody goes home. 
Number two is in terms of quality. The benchmarks that we're 
looking, in terms of all the process quality, we're having good 
discussions with most long lead vendors in terms of how you 
benchmark, their process quality and so on.  
Third is execution, in terms of delivery. Once we get the first two 
right, which is safety and quality, 70% of our focus is on execution. 
And last is cost. This order is very important for us, that we are going 
safety first, quality second, execution third, and fourth is cost. 
 
Mangesh Sathe: 
If I just add one or two points here, I think, from anyone setting up 
data center capacities, I'm not talking about the physical 
infrastructure, I'm saying, once the physical is done, then I need to 
put in all the chips, etc. See, it requires a lot of integration services 
and most of these, large companies that we are talking, 
hyperscalers or AI companies, may not have requisite capacities 
here, the resources here to do that. From TCS's perspective, we can 
absolutely help them get the data center up and running. What you 
said earlier around other players, we will be able to do that very, very 
effectively. You know, that's one very important part. 
Second part, from a differentiation perspective, would be that if you 
look at the market, while of course, we are talking about a certain 
growth rate, we still have to create that market. Market making is 
very important in this case, right? So, we will be partnering from a 
TCS side, we will be partnering with these companies to also 
support them create that market. 

 
 
Page | 27  
 
Now, creation of that market would mean, what kind of applications 
will be needed in a certain enterprise, or, in a public sector, what's 
the kind of offering will you need? And there, it will always be a 
combination of a cloud, or services, or some other elements of 
applications that we'll need to take. So, I think our ability to really 
shape that becomes a big differentiator when a partner is talking to 
us, because then we will be working with them to make the market 
as well. So, market making and then the services to accelerate the 
deployment 
also 
become 
very 
important 
capabilities 
to 
differentiate. 
 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja:  The next question from the chat window that I have is that I think 
somewhere in the answers, it was mentioned that you would make 
some margin on power? But I guess most of the contracts, the way 
it's structured in India, more or less, power is a pass-through for 
hyperscalers. So, Deepesh when you said that you'll be able to 
make some money or some margin on power business, where does 
that belief come from? 
 
Deepesh Nanda:  
This is to do with the mix of the power that we would offer. It would 
be high on green energy, and hence the cost of power that you see 
today and the mix of power versus the cost of power, and the mix 
that we will offer in the cost of power, there is enough margin for us 
to make, and yet, be competitive. Because the green power is at a 
much lower delta, even on a round-the-clock basis, as compared to 
the current prices on the grid. 
 

 
 
Page | 28  
 
Kawaljeet Saluja:  Right. But wouldn't that be baked into the hyperscaler agreement on 
the power mix between green versus the normal coal-fired power 
plants? 
 
Deepesh Nanda:  
Early days, I've just given you a kind of directional answer, that we'll 
be extremely competitive on the cost of electricity, and that gives us 
a right to earn a higher margin. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja:  Right. Let's say, even on the renewables side, in many cases, what 
ends up happening is that there's a wheeling charge that you have 
to pay to the power distributor. Does that leave you enough savings, 
if you go for renewables in the process? 
 
Deepesh Nanda:  
As landed costs to the data center, at my GIS point, all things being 
equal, the mix that we are looking at in terms of RE versus Grid 
power will be more competitive, in terms of the Levelized Cost of 
Electricity, (LCOE) will be lower, all things considered, as compared 
to what we are seeing currently. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja:  That's very helpful. The second last question is that globally, power 
is a major bottleneck in terms of data center build-out. Is that a 
bottleneck in India as, with any potential bottlenecks that could 
delay your capacity rollouts? 
 
Deepesh Nanda:  
That's a great question, and I say that with a lot of pride being here 
in India, because over the years, our grids have become much more 
reliable and hence, when you compare with the example that was 

 
 
Page | 29  
 
compared to. There's a lot of back-of-the-meter happening in the 
Western world, because the grid connectivity is not available, as it 
is available in India. While in India, though, there is much higher 
demand, but then the situation in India, on a comparative basis, is 
much better than what's available overseas right now. And hence 
that runaway market that you see in the Western markets, on the 
back of the meter, that's not the situation in India. 
Number two, we are seeing the designing of the data centers. We're 
looking at dual connections coming in from, say, two different 
substations. In addition to that, we have captive power being made 
available. And also, newer technologies with the advent of large-
scale battery energy storage systems, it gives us a much, higher 
quality power solution at a much lower cost on an LCOE basis as 
compared to the Western market, which makes India as an 
attractive market when compared to the Western markets on a 
power availability, quality, and LCOE basis. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
That's a very fascinating point of view, Deepesh. Okay, I was not 
keen to ask the last question, but there have been 8 versions of the 
same question. Do you intend to get into GPU as a service?  
 
Deepesh Nanda: 
I think this was answered earlier by Samir, that there's a passive 
layer, and I think the takeaway from this call is that we are all in, all 
hands-on deck, and we're very deep in terms of understanding the 
MEP build-out, the timeline of that, the safety, quality, delivery cost. 
And then, we are open to looking at the active layer. We are open to 
looking at the active layer. But once we get the first part right, in 
terms of making sure that execution is flawless, then the day will 

 
 
Page | 30  
 
come, when we will start graduating towards the active layer, we are 
open to all conversations at this point. 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Reiterating what I had said earlier, incremental active data center 
considerations will be dependent on bespoke commercial 
negotiations with our anchor customers. It won't be an incremental 
add-on to what we are planning on the passive data center side. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Fantastic. Samir, Mangesh, Deepesh, you have been quite patient. 
It's very early days, but you have answered a raft of questions. I 
really appreciate your honest answers. Thanks a lot for that 
insightful session. Thanks a lot, to all the participants for your 
interest. Until the next webinar, stay connected, stay well, everyone. 
Have a good day. 
 
Samir Seksaria 
Mangesh Sathe  
Deepesh Nanda: 
Thank you everyone. 
 
Kawaljeet Saluja:  Thank you, everyone. Take care, bye. 
____________________________________________________________________________ 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a 
verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
