 
 
 
 
CIN: L90001MH2001PLC130485West) - 400601 Phone: 022 – 4213 0300 | Email: info@antonyasia.com | Website: 
www.antony-waste.com 
 
Registered Office:  A-59, Road No. 10, Wagle Industrial Estate, Thane (West) – 400604, Maharashtra, India 
Phone: 022 – 3544 9555 | Email: info@antonywaste.in | Website: www.antony-waste.com 
 
 
Ref.: AW/COMP/SE/2025-26/62 
                                                
  Date: November 10, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 543254 
To, 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C-1,  
Block G, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400051 
 
Symbol: AWHCL 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
 
Sub. 
: 
Transcript of Earnings Call held on November 03, 2025 
Ref. 
: 
Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and in continuation to our letters having 
reference number AW/COMP/SE/2025-26/55 dated October 27, 2025 - regarding intimation of Earnings 
Call and AW/COMP/SE/2025-26/61 dated November 03, 2025 - regarding uploading of Audio Recording 
of Earnings Call, please find enclosed the transcript of the discussion that took place during the said 
Earnings Call held on November 3, 2025, at 3:00 pm (IST) w.r.t. discussion of operational and financial 
performance for Q2 & H1FY26 of the Company. 
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
i.e. 
at 
https://www.antony-
waste.com/investors/financial/.  
   
This is for your information and records please.  
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For and on behalf of  
ANTONY WASTE HANDLING CELL LIMITED 
 
 
 
HARSHADA RANE 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
A34268 
 
Enc. a/a 
 
HARSHAD
A PRADEEP 
RANE
Digitally signed 
by HARSHADA 
PRADEEP RANE 
Date: 2025.11.10 
10:24:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
“Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 03, 2025 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 03rd November 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JOSE JACOB – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ANTONY WASTE HANDLING CELL 
LIMITED 
MR. N. G. SUBRAMANIAN – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ANTONY WASTE HANDLING CELL LIMITED 
 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited Q2 
FY '26 Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jose Jacob, Chairman and Managing Director from 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Jose Jacob: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call. With me, I have Mr. Subramanian, our Group CFO; and SGA, our Investor Relation 
Advisors. Our investor presentation for Q2 FY '26 is now available on the Stock Exchanges and 
on our company website. I'm pleased to share that building on the momentum established over 
recent quarters, we once again delivered a strong and consistent performance in the second 
quarter of FY '26. 
 
This performance reflects our disciplined execution, operational agility and our continued focus 
on innovation and sustainability. We have been proactive in leveraging our experience and 
technical expertise to strengthen project execution, enhance efficiency, expand our capabilities 
in waste-to-energy while maintaining high service standards across our portfolio. 
 
We are pleased to report that we closed second quarter of FY '26 with a strong year-on-year 
growth of 16% in operating revenue, reaching Rs.233 crores. This growth was driven by a higher 
tipping fee, steady contribution from fixed shifts, trips and household collection fees, along with 
continued improvement in operational efficiency. These factors collectively demonstrate the 
strength of our business model and our ability to deliver consistent performance across the 
projects. 
 
From a segmental perspective, our Collection and Transportation business delivered healthy 
growth with revenue rising 14% year-on-year to Rs.161 crores. The Processing segment also 
performed robustly, recording 22% year-on-year growth with revenue reaching Rs.72 crores. 
 
This balanced growth across both verticals underscores the effectiveness of our integrated waste 
management strategy, combining operational excellence with strategic infrastructure 
investments that are yielding sustainable returns. Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.57 
crores, reflecting a solid  18% year-on-year growth with margin at 22%. 
 
This performance underscores our ability to drive efficiency improvements while pursuing 
revenue growth initiative. Overall, these results reaffirm our commitment to executing our long-
term growth strategy and maintaining high standard of operational excellence. 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Furthermore, we are delighted to share that we have secured two new Waste to Energy projects 
in Andhra Pradesh with a combined value of around Rs.3,200 crores. This achievement stands 
as a strong reaffirmation of our leadership in the sector. This wins not only demonstrate our 
proven capability to deliver large-scale, sustainable infrastructure, but also reinforce our ability 
to consistently expand our presence in this high-growth segment. 
 
We take pride in setting new benchmarks in Waste to Energy Solutions and remain committed 
to driving the next phase of sustainable growth across the country. As India takes the lead in the 
ICC World Cup 2025, our pride extends beyond cricket. Alongside the on-field victories, our 
team have ensured every match reflects India's growing environmental commitment. 
 
From the match between Sri Lanka and Bangladesh on 20th October to the grand final against 
South Africa on 2nd November, dedicated team and special vehicle worked tirelessly across 
venues collecting and lifting over 60 metric tons of single-use plastic waste. 
 
Each match demonstrated that sporting spirit and sustainability can go hand in hand, whether it 
was 8 metric tons collected during the early rounds or 16 metric tons at the final. Every effort 
shows India's resolve to keep its venues clean and responsible. As our champions raise the World 
Cup, we celebrate another thing. India leading not only in cricket, but also in creating a cleaner, 
greener legacy for the world to follow. 
 
Looking ahead, our focus remains on expanding processing infrastructure, enhancing 
profitability and strengthening our presence in high-growth emerging sector. Backed by a strong 
operational and financial foundation, we are well positioned to meet the evolving needs of urban 
India. 
 
As the nation accelerates its transition towards sustainability and circular economic principle, 
we are fully prepared to deliver solutions that are practical, scalable and outcome-oriented, 
driving long-term value for our stakeholders. 
 
Thank you. And I am now turning to the financial and other operational aspects. Let me get       
N. G. in. N. G., over to you. Thank you. 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Thank you, Jose. I would like to provide a brief update on the operational performance of Antony 
Waste Handling Cell Limited and its group companies. During the quarter, our Collection and 
Transportation operations efficiently handled approximately 0.54 million tons of waste, while 
our processing facilities managed around 0.73 million tons of municipal solid waste, reflecting 
year-on-year growth of 3% and 10%, respectively. 
 
Overall, total tonnage for Q2 FY '26 reached about 1.27 million tons, marking a 6% increase 
compared to the previous year. For the first half of the fiscal year, the total tonnage stood at 2.6 
million tons, representing a strong growth of approximately 9% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 
Our operations continue to demonstrate resilience, consistency and excellence across various 
sectors. Waste to Energy plant at PCMC sustained strong performance momentum, generating 
over 41 million green units in the second quarter and more than 66 million units during the first 
half 2026. 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
This performance not only reaffirms our technological capability and operational efficiency, but 
also our commitment to clean, green energy generation. Through these efforts, we avoided 
approximately 2,347 tons of carbon dioxide emissions in second quarter and around 5,780 tons 
of CO2 emissions in H1 FY '26, making a tangible contribution to India's renewable energy goals 
and reducing our carbon footprint. 
 
The consistent performance of our WTE facility serves as a benchmark for similar projects under 
development in Andhra Pradesh, further reinforcing our leadership in sustainable energy from 
waste. Our Construction and Demolition Waste Recycling Facility also continued to operate 
efficiently, achieving an industry-leading recycling rate of 96%. 
 
This achievement reflects our ability to convert waste to valuable resources and reinforces our 
commitment to advancing circular economic practices. Such consistent performances across 
facilities highlights our operational excellence and focuses on building scalable, sustainable 
infrastructure solutions. 
 
Our Resource Recovery segment delivered an exceptional performance in H1 FY '26, recording 
its highest-ever sales. Refuse Derived Fuel sales surged by an impressive 48% Y-o-Y to 
approximately 95,600 tons, while compost sales remain healthy at around 9,800 tons for the first 
half year. 
 
And for the quarter, RDF and Compost sales stood at 40,000 tons and 3,200 tons, respectively. 
This significant improvement underscores our steady progress in advancing circularity. On the 
ESG front, we continue to make tangible strides in line with our sustainability roadmap. 
 
The Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for the half year stood at 13,300 tons and 1,450 tons of 
carbon dioxide emissions, respectively, while awarded emissions were estimated at 5,800 tons, 
reflecting our efforts in resource efficiency and carbon reduction. Our on-going workforce 
strength expanded to 10,550, demonstrating our continued investment in building a skilled and 
committed team to drive operational excellence. 
 
Now, let me take you through the consolidated financial performance for Q2 and H1 FY '26. In 
Q2 FY '26, our total operating revenue witnessed an excellent growth of 16%, reaching Rs.233 
crores compared to the same period last year. And for the half year, our total operating revenue 
stood at Rs.456 crores, marking a strong growth of 15%. 
 
In second quarter FY '26, MSW Collection and Transportation contributed 61% of the total 
revenue, while Processing accounted for 27% and Contracts and Others comprised the remaining 
12%. This is almost similar to what were the ratios in the last year period, where the respective 
contributions were 62%, 26% and 12%, respectively. 
 
For the quarter, the group reported an EBITDA of Rs.57 crores, representing a strong 18% year-
on-year growth, while EBITDA margin stood at 22%. For the first half, EBITDA stood at Rs.119 
crores, reflecting a 15% Y-o-Y growth with EBITDA margin at 23% as per our stated guidance. 
These results underscore the group's operational efficiency and financial discipline. We could 
have done better, but due to the softer processing volumes, which reflected in under-absorption 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
of certain fixed costs and due to extended monsoon period were the main reason why the margins 
could have been better. 
 
The profit after taxes for the quarter was Rs.17 crores, reflecting a notable growth of 13% as 
compared to Q2 FY '25. And for the first half, PAT was Rs.40 crores, which is a growth of 10% 
over the same period last year. 
 
This is despite an increase of 25% in depreciation costs and a 23% increase in interest expense 
due to optimization of the WTE and C&D projects and the rollout of new NNMC C&D contract. 
As of September 2025, the group's gross debt stood at approximately Rs.438 crores and cash 
and cash balances of around Rs.95 crores, reflected in a net debt of approximately Rs.343 crores. 
This indicates a net debt to equity of 0.4x. 
 
The group's weighted average cost of debt is approximately 9.4%, and our DSOs remained stable 
during the quarter at 114. I would also like to highlight an important corporate update regarding 
the ongoing restructuring initiative. 
 
As stated before, as part of our strategic plan to optimize both operational efficiency and 
financial strength, the company had earlier proposed a merger of AG Enviro Infra Projects 
Private Limited, our largest wholly owned subsidiary with Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited, 
our listed holding company. 
 
I'm pleased to share that this merger is now in its final stage as the Honorable NCLT Mumbai 
bench has admitted the Joint Company Scheme Petition. This development marks a significant 
step forward in our efforts to streamline our corporate structure and unlock operational synergies 
and enhance long-term shareholder value. 
 
This concludes our remarks. We would now like to open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rohan Mehta from Nexus Capital. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Sir, firstly, you mentioned earlier that the company aims to reduce the dependency on the 
corporation. Could you just share any updates or progress that we have made towards 
diversifying into the other business segments? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Yes. So we have been looking at diversifying our revenue sources. So with the start of the Waste 
to Energy project, our revenue stream ships from corporations to state electricity boards. So with 
the bagging of the two new Andhra Pradesh WTE projects, we are able to kind of derisk that 
project significantly. 
 
Additionally, with the Construction and Demolition Waste Project, our revenue from sale of 
byproducts is a significant shift in our revenue dynamics from that particular segment. So these 
two initiatives have tried to increase our revenue footprint from a non-municipal corporation 
level. 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Sure. Sure. And sir, secondly, so for H1 this year, if we see EBITDA margins are around 23%. 
So do we expect margins to sustain at this level? Or I mean, is there potential for further 
improvement in the coming quarters? How do you see the EBITDA margins going forward? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So we normally expect the margin to be in the range of 22.5% to 23%. I mean, that's what we 
have seen historically. Now, with the monsoon period slightly extending beyond the September 
period, we are seeing these margins to be sustainable because going forward, we expect upsides 
from higher process volumes to kick in. So 23% is our stated goal to achieve these margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ketan Shera, an Individual Investor. 
Ketan Shera: 
I've got two questions. One question is on our receivables. Now with passing time, we are getting 
more and more projects, but at the same time, our receivables are increasing significantly. So 
what can we do about the receivables, which are outstanding? 
 
I understand there are some receivables with municipalities and there are litigations going on, 
but the ones which are not under litigation, how we can improve the receivable situation? And 
the other question is on the return metrics like our ROCE and ROE. Even though our margins 
are pretty good, but our return ratios are pretty low and in fact for the past couple of years, they 
have fallen significantly. So how can our return ratios also improve going forward? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Yes. So on the receivables part, if you look at our DSOs, we have been pretty steady over the 
last 7 to 8 quarters. I mean, given the nature of our business, which is with municipal clients, 
though we have diversified list of client types, we have kind of spread ourselves across very 
stable municipal corporations. 
 
So if you look at our tables that we have provided over the last 14 quarters, our receivables have 
been steady in the range of around 90 to 114 days. Whether we like these to come down, the 
answer is definitely, yes. 
 
So we are working in a way where we can increase the non-municipal corporation pipe over the 
next couple of years, wherein the revenue from sale of power from the Waste to Energy projects 
and from EPR credits and also from sale of byproducts keep increasing. Once the revenue pipe 
from that segment increases, we expect our DSOs to also to be addressed. 
 
Your next question on the ROCE and the ROE front, I would like to draw attention to Slide 
number 34 in our presentation. One of the main factors why we are seeing the ROCE and ROE 
numbers being softer is mainly because of the capital employed phase over the last 3 years. 
 
From FY '21 onwards, our capital employed stage has gone up from Rs.591 crores to around 
Rs.1,300 crores. And that's mainly because of our scale-up of operations in various C&T projects 
and the WTE projects and our Construction and Demolition entities. 
 
So as and when we do our capital phase, the denominator increases, but the stable EBITDA 
nature also provides us a stable revenue stream and a profitability stream, which kind of extends 
over a period of time. 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
So that is one of the main reason why you are seeing a softer trend in ROCE, ROE because the 
capital initiation phase was what drove most of this fall. Now, going forward, assuming that we 
don't bag any new contracts, we will start seeing a healthy growth in our margins and the ROCE 
and ROE metrics. 
Ketan Shera: 
Okay. So does it mean that because of the capital-intensive nature, our return ratios would always 
be depressed going forward? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So there are two phases to it, Ketan. So what happens is if I bag a new WTE project, for example, 
I need to incur the capex on day one, right? Only after the capex has been done, do I start the 
operations of that front. So you will see a denominator spike up, but the revenue and EBITDA 
will be a smaller amount. And these are 20-year projects. 
 
So as and when the assets get depreciation, the denominator falls off, but your EBITDA margin 
remains the same, right? So that expands your ROCE and our ROE numbers. Now if the 
company is continuing to bag new contracts, your denominator will keep increasing, but that 
will also give a significant revenue growth pipeline. 
 
Currently, we are exiting September 2025 with a total order book position of around Rs.12,500 
crores. So that is the kind of orders that we already have, based on the capex that we have 
invested. Any new capex that we do will also increase the order book and the revenue visibility. 
Ketan Shera: 
Yes. No, of course, I mean, I appreciate that. And it's also visible in the numbers that 3 or 4 years 
ago, our revenues were at a different level and the revenues are at a different level currently. Fair 
enough. And one more question I have is you've got some intangible assets and intangible assets 
under development. Could you throw some light what are these? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Okay. So these are actually capital expenditure done under DBOOT projects. So these are under 
Accounting Standard 115. Since we do a lot of waste processing contracts, any capital 
expenditure that I do sits as intangible assets or as financial assets and not as plant and machinery 
or land and building. 
 
So these are the assets that we have created for our Kanjur project and our PCMC WTE projects. 
So those are what is getting reflected in the books of account as intangibles. They get amortized 
over the project life. 
Ketan Shera: 
Okay. Okay. Sure. And we also -- like I was observing the balance sheet, so like in balance sheet, 
we've got the receivables. And then we also have the other financial assets, which also includes 
receivables under service concession agreement. So in a way, I find that the receivables were 
coming under 2 different headings. So any specific reason why we have receivables and also 
receivables under the other financial assets? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So this is as per the Account Standard 115, where we need to split the receivables that is accrued 
to the project over the project life of 20 years or 21 years. So that is receivable over a project 
life. So that gets amortized as a line item against my revenue. The other receivables in my current 
assets is my current receivables. So we have a detailed note on our website, which explains the 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Accounting Standard 115, which works with the project costing and the project accounting 
methodologies here. 
Ketan Shera: 
Sure. Sure. Okay. I'll do that. And then just last question, if I may. Our cash position also has 
dropped. So is the money blocked in some EMDs, etcetera, for some new projects that we may 
have bidded? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Partly yes, partly it has been spent on EMDs and bank guarantees that we have provided for 
projects under pipeline. And also because during the first quarter and the second quarter, we 
have seen a spike in our working capital deployment. So that is one of the main reasons why we 
have seen a fall in our cash and bank balances on a Y-o-Y basis. We expect these things to 
improve in the second half of the financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa & Company. 
Amit Agicha: 
So my question is like given the finance cost increase, like what is the average cost of debt now 
versus earlier? And what is the scope to optimize by refinancing or ratings upgrade? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So currently, our cost of debt as of September 2025 is around 9.4%. And we are currently A- 
rated at a large subsidiary and a BBB+ rated by CRISIL and CARE. So I mean any improvement 
thereon will always see a benefit coming in to the company. 
Amit Agicha: 
And sir, about the Andhra projects, which you said -- like you said Rs.3,200 crores is the capex, 
right? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
No, Rs.3,200 crores is total revenue over 20 years. 
Amit Agicha: 
This is for which year? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
This is Rs.3,200 crores to be earned over 20 years. 
Amit Agicha: 
20 years. 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Yes. 
Amit Agicha: 
Okay. And sir, the debtors days also increased to 114. Like can you just outline the plan to reduce 
this? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Sorry, your audio was not clear. Can you please repeat the question? 
Amit Agicha: 
Sir, my question is connected to the debtors days. The debtor days have risen to 114 days, no? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Right. The DSOs are 114. 
Amit Agicha: 
Yes. Is the company comfortable with this like clientele milestone? Also, like any... 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So normally, we have seen an improvement from third quarter onwards. So if you look at the 
first quarter numbers and the second quarter numbers, we have seen a slight stability in our 
receivable cycles and that has been reflected in our payable cycles also. So yes, I mean, our 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
working capital cycle has been slightly stretched now, but we see things improving going 
forward. 
Amit Agicha: 
And sir, last question, as far as Kanjurmarg is concerned, like what is the current throughput and 
residual life of the bioreactor landfill cells, like any planned capex and scope for higher gas to 
energy recovery? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Okay. So currently, the total waste that has been accepted at Kanjurmarg is around 6,300 tons a 
day. The capacity can go all the way up to 7,500 tons over the next couple of years. And the 
project has a life until 2036. So that's the project balance life that we still have at the site. 
 
Currently, we are generating around 0.97 megawatt of power completely for internal 
consumption. We are currently thinking of doubling up the capacity and even looking at solar 
power installation, but given the feedback from the meteorological department, we need to 
revisit that, given the extended monsoon period in this part of the country. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saaksha from Old Bridge Capital. 
Saaksha: 
So a couple of questions from me. Firstly, if you could just share what is the revenue of this 
quarter for the new C&T contract? And secondly, could you just help us understand the progress 
on the new Waste to Energy projects, like where are we in that process? Has the construction 
already started? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So the incremental revenue from new C&T projects have been similar to what we have done in 
the last quarter, which was around Rs.14 crores. So that is the kind of revenue that we have had 
from the new C&T part, which is Navi Mumbai Corporation. That's there. 
 
On the AP WTE projects, I mean, the concession agreements have been signed with all the 
clusters, which basically means 18 various municipal corporations have executed a contract and 
the concession agreement is signed. We are in the process of executing the PPA agreement with 
the APSPDCL. 
 
So that we expect to be completed by the end of this current month. And the financial closure to 
also be achieved by the end of the current calendar year. So once that is done, we'll start with 
the construction phase by the last quarter of the current financial year. So once that stops, we 
have  24 months, of construction phase to start, and that will start from Q4 2026 onwards. 
Saaksha: 
Got it. Clear. And if I could just follow up two more here. So firstly, on your working capital 
going back there, two things that I noticed. One is that this is the first time probably that there 
are some inventories on your books. 
 
So is it related to the C&D contract that you have? Is it that? And secondly, if you could just 
share some more information on what has really led to this spike in receivables? Is it any 
particular contract? Or is it just a broader shift from C&T to Waste to Energy? 
 
What is really driving this increase because if I compare your H1 this year versus H1 of last 
year, there's a stark difference in DSOs, right? So if you could just share some more details there. 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Yes. So to answer your first question, there has been a change in the accounting policy internally. 
We have started having a robust inventory accounts because we have started investing in a 
central stores system, wherein we have started negotiating with OEM suppliers for bulk 
purchases and inventory being kept at stock holds across the system, which was not a practice 
in the past. In the past, we had a very decentralized procurement policy. Now, we have gone in 
for a centralized stores management system. 
 
So that is why you're seeing inventory as a line item over here. On the working capital and the 
spike, this has been something to do with the cash collection front from various municipal 
corporations, not limited to only one. Multiple municipal corporations have faced the same 
issues. And subsequently, we have realized a significant collection coming in. So that has been 
the change. 
 
So you have seen a spike in our receivables during the September quarter. The same has got 
rectified in the month of October. And adjusted for the subsequent collection, our DSOs are 
around 86. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neerav Dalal from MIB Securities India. 
Neerav Dalal: 
A few questions. One is on the couple of contracts that we won, the Rs.3,200 crore contract that 
we won. What is the envisaged capex of the contracts? And is it similar to what we had done for 
the Pune project? And I guess in these contracts, there is no subsidy that we are going to get. If 
you could just give some details on that. 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Yes. Neerav, so the capex will be similar to what we have incurred in the PCMC WTE project. 
So these are two WTE projects very similar to the construct that we have done of 15-megawatt 
MSW-based power plants. And these are 21-year projects, and there is a viability gap funding 
to the tune of Rs.65 crores each from the state and from the municipal corporations there. 
Neerav Dalal: 
So if I were to just clarify, the PCMC was about Rs.250 crores, and we had Rs.50 crores of 
viability gap funding. So even in this, would that be similar? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So the capex over here would be slightly higher because of the time -- the PCMC one was done 
almost 5 years back, right? So there has been an increase in cost of machines and materials and 
everything. So we are seeing the capex to be around Rs.300 crores to Rs.325-odd crores. And 
you are right, in PCMC's case, there was an Rs.50 crore VGF. In this case, it's Rs.65 crores VGF. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Okay. Okay. And the other thing was regarding the -- so for the PCMC project, I have two 
questions. One is we -- last quarter, we had spoken about EPR, and we said that we've used 20% 
of -- for the first year allocation. So that number was about some 94,400 metric tons. 
 
So if you could just very quickly give a brief in terms of -- so would this 94,000 and 95,000 
metric tons accrue to us every year? And so I believe the price -- because it is -- I don't know -- 
I'm just guessing because it is plastic, it would be about Rs.1 or Rs.1.25 or something for the 
EPR. 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
So if you could just give a broad clarification in terms of what would be the realization or what 
would be the amount that we would get every year on this EPR? That was one question. And the 
other was what would be currently the outstanding debt for the PCMC project?  
N.G. Subramanian: 
On the EPR aspect, I think we would be slightly conservative here because the numbers are still 
going on because the waste characterization is not very -- it's a heterogeneous waste that we 
collect. So each month, each quarter, the quality of plastic, the quality of waste that gets burned 
needs to be ascertained for the EPR number to be quantified. 
 
So maybe in the next 2 quarters, we will be in a much better position to quantify the total EPR 
that we can actually look at it. And the numbers are likely to be of an annual number, and it will 
only improve going forward because of significant segregation that's happening in the PCMC 
city. On the debt position of PCMC, I think we have come down to around Rs.142 crores of debt 
at the project level. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Okay. And just lastly, in terms of Kanjurmarg project, if we were to look at the waste that we're 
getting in, so is that number become stagnant or it has declined slightly over the years because 
the expectation was that obviously at some point in time we'll be reaching 7,500 tons to 8,000 
tons a day, but we stuck at this about 6,000 tons, 6,300 tons a day? 
 
So is there something -- so is it that this is what we are getting and the increase would only 
happen, say -- eventually, say, in the next 5 or 10 years? I don't know. If you could just 
comment... 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So on the waste generation in the city of Bombay, I mean the total tonnage that has increased, 
bulk of the waste has been transferred to the Kanjurmarg site. The other 2 sites, which is Deonar 
is -- there's a Waste to Energy plant, which is under construction, still going on, and the 
biomining is yet to happen. So we don't see a spike from the current levels. We can at the most 
see a 3% to 7% increase going forward over the next 3 to 6 quarters. That's the sense that we're 
getting today. 
 
Also, there is a higher level of segregation that's happening. So bulk of the Construction and 
Demolition waste, which was also bundled along with MSW, that is not getting transferred to 
the Kanjur site. 
 
So today, when we are talking about 6,300 tons, it's pure MSW waste as compared to the earlier 
quality of waste. So the quality of waste has changed drastically. We are seeing higher organic 
materials being transported and inorganic fractions. We don't see inerts being shipped to the 
Kanjur site now. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Okay. Okay. And just on the EPR just lastly, when you say we are monetizing 20% of the first 
year allocation of -- so the first year allocation is about 94,000 metric tons, and of that, we would 
have monetized 20%. Would that be the right way to think... 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Yes. So that's the safe assumption because that was based on the first quarter waste 
characterization that we got. Now, with the second quarter and until November, waste 
characterization samples being done, the numbers are slightly stretching on the upper side. So 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
once the entire cycle is completed, we would be in a much better position to quantify the EPR 
generation from PCMC WTE for FY '26. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Okay. Okay. And so even at Rs.1 or Rs.1.5, it would come to anywhere between Rs.25 crores to 
about Rs.40 crores. Would that be right?  
N.G. Subramanian: 
I would not like to estimate at this point of time because it's not just the quality of plastic, right? 
There's a lot of things that goes into the waste, so it's not pure STP or end-of-life plastic that gets 
consumed or converted into the EPR metrology. So each batch has a different metrics over here. 
Neerav Dalal: 
Okay. Okay. So there is no -- so because -- so there is no direct correlation... 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Yes. So we are also kind of being very conservative because the metrologies used by other 
industries may not fit our because we get mixed waste. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shivam Parakh from ValueWise Wealth Management. 
Shivam Parakh: 
So my first question was I needed an update on the dividend policy. Since we have a stable 
business and we are profitable from quite many years, so any update on when the management 
thinks of passing on dividend to the shareholders? 
 
And second question, I needed some light on the progress in Construction and Demolition 
business. And whether any updates on vehicle scrapping business, whether any MoUs or any 
land that we have gotten from the government that we were considering in the last few con calls? 
And third, was any update on the WTE project that was being considered for the Kanjur project? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Yes. So on the dividend policy, the Board is considering the proposals over here -- one of the 
main reasons for merging the subsidiary to the holding company was to make the listed company 
much more stronger operationally and have a very good balance sheet and income statement. So 
the Board is evaluating that proposal. 
 
On the Construction and Demolition project, I think we have seen a slight uptick in the volumes 
that we are handling at the Dahisar C&D project, we expect in the dry season, the volumes to 
increase. And also, there is a very concerted effort by the BMC to kind of increase the 
Construction and Demolition Waste that is handed over for waste processing because that is also 
an EPR mandate to be given to the developer community over here. 
 
Your third point was with respect to the auto scrapping business and the tire recycling business. 
We are currently in touch with MIDC for sourcing out a non-trade zone for the land parcel. Once 
we get an understanding with the MIDC, we will be able to brief you on the same. 
Shivam Parakh: 
Okay. Sir, what tonnage are we handling in the Construction and Demolition business roughly 
per day? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So currently, we are handling around 225 tons per day, but this was also the wettest period that 
we have seen. So it has been swinging from 80 tons per day to around 225 tons per day. Once 
the monsoon period is over, we should be back to around 350-plus tons a day. 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Shivam Parakh: 
Okay. Sir, in the last around 2 to 3 con calls that we were considering around 600 tons per day, 
that was our ambition. So in what years or in how many quarters are we expected to achieve 
that? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So currently -- the BMC is currently working on a proposal where this tonnage can be 
transported to us in the next 2 to 3 quarters. So we expect the tonnage's ramp-up to happen maybe 
by second quarter of FY '27 itself. 
Shivam Parakh: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And sir, another question, any update on the Waste to Energy project that was 
being considered for the Kanjur project? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So the corporation has kind of put a hold on the project for now. That is basically waiting for 
clarification from the Supreme Court of the country, wherein the usage of the land is being 
cleared for that aspect. So once we get a clarification on the same, the Waste to Energy project 
will be back on the table. 
Shivam Parakh: 
Okay. And sir, around a few months back in the Maharashtra budget, there was a proposal to 
increase the solid waste collection fee from the users. So any update? Like have we started 
increasing from the consumer point of view? Or is the BMC only paying you currently? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So the gazette clearly mentioned that the BMC will collect user collection charges directly from 
the generators. Unlike other cities, like in Noida, Varanasi, Jhansi, the operator of the collection 
and transportation is not authorized to collect these charges. So BMC will be collecting this 
money directly from the various residential buildings and commercial establishments. 
 
The last we heard is the BMC is yet to get into the system. What they have done is they have 
stopped private collectors of bulk -- waste from bulk generators and local operators like the 
collection and transportation companies like Antony has been authorized to collect the waste, 
but the payment continues to be paid by the municipal corporations today. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Bharadia from Wallfort Financial. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, just had a couple of questions. The first one being, 
sir, as of today, our Construction and Transportation-- C&T Waste to Management business is 
restricted to Delhi and Bombay, are there any plans in the pipeline to diversify into other states? 
 
And secondly, sir, I think a few quarters ago, we had given a guidance of around 25% CAGR 
on revenue over the next 3 to 4 years, whereas last 2, 3 years have been muted. So any indication 
on that with the new projects coming up? Can we see that momentum sustain? Or is there any 
revision in that guidance? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So for the first question on the 25% CAGR growth, I mean that's over 4 to 5 years. That guidance 
still is on track because, I mean, we are not in a very linear kind of a growth. So the movement 
we bag a contract, it takes us anywhere between 6 to 24 months for the mobilization of the assets 
and the revenue to start kicking in. 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
So, if you look at our revenue chart over last 5 years, from FY '20 to FY '25, you've seen a jump 
of around 26% CAGR growth with the revenues jumping from, say, around Rs.465 crores to 
Rs.950 crores. 
 
With the 2 new WTE projects coming in, and over the next couple of years, we'll see this kind 
of revenues also coming into the system. So the guidance for a 25% CAGR growth over 4 to 5 
years still holds good. 
 
The 17% to 18% growth that we are showcasing today is based on contracts that's already there 
in the system. And this is organic growth, both led by tonnage and tipping fee increase. So that 
is very much in the play for us for now. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Understood, sir. And sir, do we have any plans in the pipeline to diversify into other states for 
collection and transportation of waste because currently, we are only in Delhi and Bombay, I 
think? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
I think -- I mean, we are present in a lot more other places. We are in MMR and NCR region. 
So  we are in Navi Mumbai, Panvel, Nasik, Nagpur, Jhansi, Varanasi, Greater Noida and Malda. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Sorry, sir. I meant other states apart from Maharashtra. 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Yes, we are definitely looking at various states in Southern India and Eastern part of the country. 
I mean, we're also very conscious of the kind of clients that we work with, so we are definitely 
working with a few large cities in Southern India and eastern part of the country. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Got it, sir. And just a last follow-up question in terms of the vehicle scrapping and tire recycling 
venture. I know you said that we are in the process of acquiring a land parcel and in the process 
of gaining on the approvals from MIDC, but what would the timeline be broadly once we get all 
those permissions in place? 
 
How long would it take for us to construct the facility? And what kind of turnovers can we 
expect over here? Let's say, if we invest Rs.100 crores, what kind of asset turnovers can we do 
over here? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
I mean, the cost of construction and putting a plant in place would not be more than 6 to 9 months 
is what we estimate because it's all bolt-on acquisitions that you do from the plants, so it's not 
something that -- except for the civil work of putting a shed and everything; otherwise, 
everything is you just procure the machines and your -- it's a plug-and-play model. 
 
On the scalability of the project of auto scrapping, I mean, based on large companies like 
Mahindra CERO or Rosmerta, I mean, we have seen that anywhere between 20 to 80 vehicles 
per day is a required threshold limit to kind of scale it up. We would be looking anywhere 
between 40 vehicles to start with as a basic idea to kind of get the juices in. 
 
Revenue realizations would be on a gross asset turn. We don't expect it to be as high as C&T 
operations. We see that to be around 0.2x to 0.25x. So Rs.100 crores is your capex that you're 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
pumping in. Till the time the assets and the market improves, we would see around Rs.15 crore 
to Rs.25 crore of an annual revenue there. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Got it. But sir, the margins will definitely be higher on that. 
N.G. Subramanian: 
I hope so. I mean, otherwise, I won't -- otherwise, it's like I am happy doing my MSW business. 
I mean, it is giving me 23% EBITDA. It is giving me a 9% PAT, and I know this business very 
well. For the last 25 years, we have been doing this business. So, the auto scrapping business 
should at least give me a better run for my money. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Got it, sir. So we can expect those approvals and broadly the construction to start in this year, so 
we can see some contribution from those businesses in FY '27, hopefully. 
N.G. Subramanian: 
We are definitely working on with these time lines. I mean, we are also working with few large 
players to help us take this forward. So we'll keep you updated on this front. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Sheth from Vadodara. 
Harsh Sheth: 
First of all, I think my question was answered, but I just wanted to understand more about the -
- I think the Rs.12,000 crores pipeline that we have. I get it, the pipeline is a long process. But 
when do we expect the orders to be executed? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So when we talk about orders, we are basically -- see when we bag a C&T contract, it's a 7- or 
a 10-year contract, right? So the capex is already done. So an annual revenue is, say, Rs.100 
crores. 
 
So -- and let's for example, we are in year 3 today, so I've got 7 more years to go in a 10-year 
contract, and Rs.700 crores is my order pipeline. So that is what we mean when we say Rs.12,000 
crores is my order pipeline. These are basically contracts that the company has signed, capex 
has been done and execution is ongoing for us. 
Harsh Sheth: 
So in the Rs.12,000 crore orders that we currently have, so we have the capacity for that, and 
whatever new orders we might get we might have to incur capex from the new orders? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Yes. Yes. If the capex -- I mean, if you're looking at a Collection and Transportation contracts, 
there are two natures of contracts. On one hand, sometimes the corporation provides the capex, 
like what we have seen in projects like Panvel, Jhansi, Varanasi, wherein the corporations 
themselves buy the assets and give it to you. So those are capex-light model, so the order pipeline 
jumps just by bagging those contracts. In other contracts, you need to incur the capex. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shivam Parakh from ValueWise Wealth Management. 
Shivam Parakh: 
So just a follow-up question. Any update on further prospective orders that we have applied for 
and we can expect to come through for us in this or the next financial year? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So we have bid for a few C&T contracts and two other waste processing contracts, but it's too 
early. They are still in the letter of intent state. So I think we don't expect any further update till 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
February now. And maybe in the last quarter, we'll been in a better position to give you color on 
that front. 
Shivam Parakh: 
Okay. And sir, the new two Waste to Energy projects that we have applied for, if you -- if it is 
possible from your side, we have applied it in which region of India? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
It is in Andhra Pradesh. 
Shivam Parakh: 
Okay. In Andhra Pradesh, okay, sir. So if we bag that, so we'll have 4 Waste to Energy projects, 
correct? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
Sorry. My mistake. So the -- no, no, the other two projects are in the western part of the country. 
It's not in Andhra Pradesh. It's in western part of the country. So those are still under wraps yet. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Agicha from HG Hawa and Company. 
Amit Agicha: 
Sir, like what are the key risks to margins in the next 12 months, like fuel, wages, equipment, 
maintenance, interest? I mean, how are these mitigated contractually? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So the fuel part and labor component for us is around 60% of the operating cost is completely 
passed through in all our contracts. So except for the timing mismatch, we are pretty much 
hedged on that front. 
 
We have also initiated this centralized stores, purchase and everything, which has helped us get 
some bulk discounts and also leverage on our tie-up with the OEM. So we are seeing a slight bit 
of advantage coming into these ranges. So on the material part, spares, labor and fuel, I mean, 
these are kind of pretty much hedged for us in that situation. 
 
What we have seen is a slight spike in wage bill. In order to attract good talent into the system, 
we have tried to be slightly be aggressive in the market, and that is reflected in a slight increase 
in our wage bill over the last couple of quarters. So if you look at our numbers, you can see a 
14% increase in our wage bill on a year-on-year basis. But as a percentage of total revenue, it's 
been constant at 31% of the total revenue. 
Amit Agicha: 
And sir, like are there any delays in collections with any municipalities? Like what is the current 
aging profile? 
N.G. Subramanian: 
So currently, our total DSOs on a weighted average is around 114, and we have not seen any 
spike or significant delays happening over and above what has been seen over the last couple of 
quarters for us. So I mean, we have not seen any particular corporation delaying over and above 
what has been the normal course of business for us. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the last question for today. I will now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Jose Jacob for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Jose Jacob: 
Before we conclude, I want to take a moment to express my heartfelt appreciation to our entire 
team for their unwavering commitment and exceptional contributions. Your dedication and hard 
work have been instrumental in driving our success and sustaining our growth momentum. As 

 
 
Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
we look forward, our focus remains firmly on delivering consistent performance, enhancing 
shareholder value and strengthening our leadership in sustainable waste management. 
 
We will continue to invest in innovation, technology and operational excellence to further 
consolidate our position in the industry. I'm truly excited about the journey ahead, as we continue 
to build a cleaner, greener and more sustainable future for our communities and stakeholders. 
Thank you once again for your continued trust and support, and I wish everyone a Happy New 
Year and a pleasant evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Antony Waste Handling Cell Limited, this concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
