 
 
19th November, 2025 
 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 544320 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: CARRARO  
 
Sub.: 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, 17th November, 2025 in 
respect of the Company’s Unaudited Financial Results for quarter and half year ended 
on 30th September, 2025.  
 
Ref.: 
1. Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”); 
2. Intimation of Earnings Conference Call dated 27th October, 2025 (Earnings Call 
Intimation”); and 
3. Intimation of Audio recording of Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, 17th 
November, 2025 dated 17th November, 2025 (“Audio Recording Submission”). 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to above-referred Listing Regulations and in continuation to Earnings Call Intimation and 
Audio Recording Submission, we are pleased to submit transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held 
on Monday, 17th November, 2025 in respect of the Company’s Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2025. 
 
The transcript has been hosted on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.carraroindia.com/investors/investor-information/announcements-and-notices.  
 
You are requested to take this intimation on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Carraro India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Nakul Shivaji Patil 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A39990 
 
Encl.: As above. 
Digitally signed by Nakul Shivajirao Patil
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, T=4079, OID.2.5.4.65=
714540752603480a9efe98348c806d1a, Phone=
1fb3bd24d8179a8bdfbc429185cd07fd986a5798b54122612964
1c6cbf9d7a5f, PostalCode=431002, S=Maharashtra, 
SERIALNUMBER=
062047731a524973c558db3644217f1833721407c9c2301259e
cc7cd18b785fc, CN=Nakul Shivajirao Patil
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2025.11.19 15:01:51+05'30'
Foxit PDF Reader Version: 12.1.1
Nakul 
Shivajirao Patil

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Carraro India Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 17, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the Stock Exchanges on 17th November, 2025 shall prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. BALAJI GOPALAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
CARRARO INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. DAVIDE GROSSI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – CARRARO INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. SUDHENDRA MANNIKAR – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – CARRARO 
INDIA LIMITED  
MR. ASHOK RAI – DIRECTOR SALES & MARKETING – 
CARRARO INDIA LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Carraro India Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Dr. Balaji Gopalan, Managing Director of Carraro India 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. Thank you very much. This is Balaji Gopalan, Managing Director, Carraro India Limited. 
Good morning to all of you, and thank you for joining us today for Carraro India Limited’s Q2 
and H1 FY26 earnings call. 
I am joined today by Mr. Davide Grossi, our Whole-Time Director and CFO; Mr. Sudhendra 
Mannikar, our Chief Operating Officer and Whole-Time Director; and Mr. Ashok Rai, our 
Director of Sales and Marketing, along with members of our leadership team and our Investor 
Relations Partners, Strategic Growth Advisors. 
Let me start with an overview of our performance for the first half of FY26. The first half has 
been steady and encouraging for Carraro India. Revenue from operations grew 18% year-on-
year, supported by healthy volume growth across both domestic and export markets. 
On the domestic side, revenue was up by 11% year-on-year, led by strong demand for four-
wheel drive axles in the agriculture segment and a stable performance in construction equipment. 
Exports delivered an even stronger growth of 31% year-on-year, largely driven by teleboom 
handler axles. 
While indirect exports of agricultural drive lines remained subdued, resilient domestic market 
helped us maintain overall volume momentum. Volumes have remained strong, reinforcing our 
confidence in the sustainability of our performance. That said, realizations and margins were 
temporarily impacted by a change in product mix. 
The growth in domestic four-wheel drive axles, though very encouraging was concentrated in a 
lower margin family of products within the agriculture segment. As a result, we are experiencing 
some near-term pressure on profitability. Nonetheless, we remain firmly on course with our 
middle-term margin roadmap. Several focused actions are already underway to strengthen our 
product mix, accelerate localization, and drive deeper cost and process efficiencies across our 
operations. 
Also, on the localization front, we have made steady progress with localized raw materials now 
accounting to 78% of our total requirement and expected to touch 80% by the end of this year, 
thus strengthening our cost structure and supporting long-term profitability. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Now, let me take a moment to delve deeper and share some color on the performance across our 
key segments. I start with construction equipment segment, the teleboom handler ramp-up of 
our new range of teleboom handler axles for a major global OEM continued through the quarter 
and is progressing very well. We see strong visibility for sustained growth here. Our new projects 
with both domestic and international customers in this product family are also on track. 
Coming to backhoe loaders, exports registered positive performance supported by strong 
demand from China and early signs of recovery in other overseas markets. Overall, exports of 
construction equipment for Carraro grew 33% year-on-year. 
On the other hand, the domestic construction equipment market declined by around 9% in H1 
FY26 versus last year with backhoe loader volumes down 12% mainly due to a prolonged 
monsoon and the slower adoption of higher cost BS-V models. 
Coming to agriculture segment, in the domestic agriculture segment, the shift from two-wheel 
drive to four-wheel drive has accelerated following the GST reduction, which has nearly 
equalized pre-GST two-wheel drive prices with post-GST four-wheel drive models. In response, 
Carraro India is ramping its capacity to meet the anticipated rise in four-wheel drive demand 
over the next few years. 
Coming to higher horsepower transmissions, export markets were relatively flat, but are 
expected to recover in the coming quarters, which should improve offtake for high horsepower 
tractor transmissions. 
Its also worth mentioning the two OEMs leading in India, including one from India and the other 
is a global one, showcased tractors equipped with Carraro's high horsepower drivelines at 
Agritechnica show in Hanover, Germany just recently, a proud moment that underscores our 
engineering strength and technological capability. Gear business remained subdued during H1 
FY26 with lower sales compared to last year. We expect this segment to remain stable in the 
near term with limited upside until the overall market improves. 
Coming to engineering services business, we are seeing strong traction with growing inquiries, 
especially for higher horsepower and more advanced configurations. A major highlight this half 
was our INR17.5 crores agreement with Montra Electric for industrialization and supply of e-
transmissions for electric-powered agriculture tractors. This marks a key step in our technology 
roadmap and aligns well with our vision of enabling next-generation clean and efficient power 
trains. Revenue from our engineering services business was INR50 million in Q2 FY26, up from 
INR17 million a year ago. 
Capacity expansion. During H1, we invested INR211 million into our world-class facility at 
Ranjangaon with two new sealed-quench furnaces and 800 mm pallet Mazak machining center. 
We also installed the TLB test bench in July and a robotic washing machine in September, 
further strengthening our operational readiness for future growth. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
After-sales network is an area where we have focused very recently and to reinforce our after-
sales network, we have partnered with one distributor and two authorized service centers to 
enhance our aftermarket and spare parts coverage. Innovation continues to be a key focus for 
Carraro India. During the half, we developed six new prototypes and we productionized three 
from those developed last year. 
Further, we dispatched two units of our high horsepower T100 EVO-HD prototype to a large 
Indian OEM and successfully completed the pilot batch of CVT automatic transmission units, 
which marks a significant step towards commercialization of this automatic gearbox technology. 
We are delighted to share that Carraro India received for the third consecutive year the 
Caterpillar SER award, the highest global recognition for operational excellence, quality and 
customer commitment. 
With that, let me now hand over to Mr. Davide Grossi, our Whole-Time Director and CFO to 
take you through the financial performance. Davide? 
Davide Grossi: 
Thank you, Balaji, and good morning to everyone. We will quickly go through the main figures 
and then we will give some space for questions as usual. 
Starting with Q2, income from operations grew by 33% year-on-year to INR5,863 million, 
INR586 crores. The total income stood at INR5,931 million, INR593crores, also growing by 
33% year-on-year. Our EBITDA grew by 25% year-on-year, coming at INR593 million, 
translating to an EBITDA margin of 10%. 
Our profit after tax for the quarter increased by 44% year-on-year to INR317 million, translating 
to a profit after tax margin of 5.3%. Agricultural vehicle segment grew by 16% year-on-year to 
INR2,541 million, INR254 crores, while construction vehicles grew 57% year-on-year to 
INR2,665 million, INR266 crores. 
Moving to the results for the first half, we registered income from operations growing by 18% 
year-on-year to INR10,792 million, INR1,079 crores, driven by domestic volume growth and 
teleboom handler new business in export. 
Our total income stood at INR10,930 million, INR1,093 crores, also growing at 18% year-on-
year. Our EBITDA grew by 13% year-on-year, coming at INR1,141 million, INR114 crores, 
translating to an EBITDA margin of 10.4%. 
Profit after tax for the half year increased by 22% year-on-year at INR608 million, translating 
to a PAT margin of 5.6%. Agricultural vehicle segment grew 6% year-on-year at INR4,760 
million, INR476 crores, while construction vehicles grew 35% year-on-year to INR4,843 
million. 
Our focus remains firmly on achieving the guided margin profile through disciplined cost 
management and portfolio optimization. Our revenues are growing well with the market 
absorbing Carraro products and technology, and our balance sheet remains strong with healthy 
liquidity levels that enable us to fund operations comfortably, support strategic investments, and 
remain agile in capturing growth opportunities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Looking ahead, we stay optimistic about the rest of FY26, supported by strong revenue growth, 
rising contribution from engineering services, and incremental benefits from localization. 
With that, we can open the floor for question. I think we are ready. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. We are ready for the questions. As I explained in the beginning, I have the CFO, Davide 
Grossi; Mr. Mannikar, Chief Operating Officer; Ashok Rai, our Director of Sales and Marketing. 
So, any questions, we can now take with the concerned people chipping in as required. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Congratulations to the management team on absolutely phenomenal results, and also receiving 
the Caterpillar Award. Firstly, on full year, EUR215 million to EUR220 million was the previous 
guidance. Would you be at higher end or beyond the guidance, which you previously gave? 
What can lead to upside to the previous expectations? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. Thank you very much for the call, and thank you for your good wishes and good words. 
We are also excited by the situation that is emerging in the Indian market and our global exports 
are turning out to be much better than what we had anticipated. Coming to your specific 
questions, the guidance for the full year has been, realistically, we said EUR215 million and we 
said we will target EUR220 million. 
 
Now we are very confident that we will surely touch EUR220 million and probably something 
more could be an added sugar to the entire revenue that we have. But things are very positive 
and we are very excited with the growth in revenue that is coming up. You have seen we have 
already clocked 18% higher revenue compared to the comparable numbers last year and the 
going goes in the way it is now, we should surpass even the EUR220 million guideline that we 
had given for the full year. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Great, sir. Great. Good to hear that. One of the drivers is export. Export is going really well for 
you, 31% growth in H1 led by orders for teleboom and backhoe loader. Will it continue to 
support performance in H2 and FY27, the orders which you have? And specifically, on the TBH 
axle, how much is the revenue in H1? And how do you expect the full year revenue for FY26 
and FY27? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. The teleboom handler business and the backhoe loader, these are new businesses that have 
come up this year and the requirement is to understand that it is a ramp-up phase that we are in. 
So whenever we are in ramp-up phase, the initial takeoff is a little bit gray area because we don't 
know how the customers are responding to the new model, how the OEMs are looking at it from 
expanding their market with this product. So market penetration and market acceptability 
becomes the challenge whenever there is a new ramp-up. 
And I'm very happy to share with all of you that the response from the market has been quite 
overwhelming and to that reason there has been a big push for increasing the volumes from the 
big global OEMs. That shows, that only vindicates that Carraro products are exactly fitting the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
market requirements and there is a recognition and appreciation of the value-add that Carraro 
brings to the table for the OEMs. 
Coming to your specific question, are we looking at the same numbers to sustain? Yes, for sure, 
because it is a ramp-up and it is not something sporadic with some tender or a contract that the 
OEM has won that they are supplying to that region. This is a normal market absorption through 
their regular dealerships and this will continue and this is what is giving us the confidence that 
we will hopefully surpass the EUR220 million guideline for the year end. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Wonderful. Good to hear that. So, will the TBH axle order be in excess of EUR20 million for 
the full year and for next year, can it go to EUR30 million? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Next year, yes, for sure, the numbers are looking close to the figures you have shared. This year, 
answering your previous question, in the first half, we have billed roughly around INR87 crores 
for Teleboom Handler -- this should continue in the second half as well. So it will be quite close 
to the numbers that we were projecting in the past, but INR87 crores is what we have done for 
this year. Additionally, for the same OEM -- the global OEM, in the backhoe loader, we clocked 
around INR34 crores - INR35 crores. So together, if you see, it is giving us a significant share 
of our exports in teleboom handler or in, I would say, the construction equipment as a whole. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Thank you, sir. This is very helpful. To Mr. Davide Grossi, if you can kindly indicate domestic 
agri and construction equipment revenue for Q2? 
Davide Grossi: 
Yes. Okay, so we had construction for Q2 was 45% of our total revenues from operations and 
agri was 43%. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Domestic construction. 
Davide Grossi: 
Domestic. Sorry, okay. I will get to that. Domestic construction was 38% and agri 53%. If we 
look at export, we have construction at 57% and agri at 27%. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. That is very helpful. And would we look at maintaining the 
margin guidance of 12% for next year and would we be closer to 11% for the current year? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Okay. See on one side, we are seeing development which is beyond what we had anticipated and 
that has resulted in higher revenues of 18%. EBITDA in the absolute value sense, we have grown 
13% and PAT, Profit After Tax has been a very impressive 22% higher than last year. 
So the numbers are all in our favor, but we want the market and the investors to understand that 
whenever there is a ramp-up and the technology absorption, in the beginning the margins do get 
affected because the kind of exponential growth that has come in, certain element of localizations 
were factored in because the numbers would have grown higher next year, by that time, our 
localizations have kicked in. 
But when something gets advanced like this, then a lot of our cost-saving initiatives in terms of 
plant efficiencies, purchasing efficiencies, all these things get overridden because our target is 
more on achieving the revenue because we need to feed the market. And at that point in time, in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
that rush, sometimes some of the costs are kind of going beyond what is to be the most efficient 
cost structure. 
So answering your question, this year we are not saying that we will be very far away from the 
guidance that we gave. Our endeavor will be to run faster and try to catch up in the second half. 
But we don't want to look at a change in our guidance for next year because we are quite 
confident that all our cost-cutting initiatives and the localizations will kick-in and it will support 
us next year. 
Having said this, we want to be as transparent as possible. And we have shown a history of 
saying what we do and doing what we say. So I would factor in a little bit marginal reduction, if 
at all, if it is there in spite of our best efforts. So, 11% could be 10.9%, 10.85%, something like 
that. But we are not looking at something very dramatic reduction. 
And we are hopeful because all other parameters are positive for us. The efficiencies have to 
kick-in, localizations have to kick-in. The validations took time because we were expecting 
things to get validated because there is a cycle time, there are cycles for testing. So we were 
expecting those to happen by next year when the four-wheel drive market would have grown 
bigger. 
From the 17%, 18% that we were anticipating, I don't have the real market numbers, but the 
feelers I have got is the four-wheel drive market has touched close to 24%, 25%, which we were 
expecting it next year. So these kind of big jumps that are happening sometimes puts our 
efficiencies and those things at a stress. 
But answering again for the margins, next year, if not 12%, probably 11.9%, you know, those 
kind of numbers is what we are looking at. So we are close to the guidance that we are giving. 
If things go well, surely, we will exceed it. So in the long term, we are very, very confident of 
achieving what we have committed. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Thank you, sir. That is very helpful. The trajectory most importantly is very meaningful and in 
the right direction. Just a last question on the capex part, can you please indicate, given that there 
is capacity additions happening, can you please indicate how do you see FY26 and FY27 capex? 
From the financials, I can see that first half it was about INR147 million kind of investment in 
capex? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. Looking at the ramp-up that is happening and the kind of demand that is coming for our 
products and also the inquiries that are coming in exactly the areas that we want to penetrate in 
the market that is high horsepower transmissions, the CVTs, teleboom handlers. These are giving 
us a lot of hope at the same time pressure to build our capacities. 
But as a management, we have decided not to go in for a big expansion and leave the capacities 
idle for a couple of months before the ramp-up takes place. Instead, we are adopting a very step-
by-step approach. You have seen we have spent over INR20 crores this year. We have introduced 
the Mazak machine, horizontal machining center. We have introduced two sealed-quench 
furnaces, test benches. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Now this is what we call as a progressive improvement in our capacity. So, we leverage on 
whatever efficiencies and improvements, concurrent improvements that we can do in our 
existing facility before we really start building another factory or another plant, which we call 
as plant 3. That activity should start next year. But again, it will be step-by-step. So we will defer 
it or rather stagger it over two years or about 30 months starting from now onwards. 
 
So the incremental improvements and investments that we are making should hopefully take us 
through next year as well. Davide, would you like to add a few words? 
Davide Grossi: 
Just a couple of things, Raghu. The amount that we have spent this year so far is mostly what 
we call as maintenance capex, which means that those are capex for a replacement of machine 
or making sure that our plant in general remain at the quality that we need, and also some 
interventions to create some debottlenecking of a few lines. You might have noticed that the 
growth is mostly happening on axle side. So, we have to make sure that those lines can sustain 
the volumes that the market is demanding. 
When we look at the future, we know, we have always said it, that if we want to reach our target 
of EUR350 million, more important capex and real expansion capex will be required. We are 
starting this. We have a few ideas, a few options on the table because when you do this kind of 
capex, you have to look not just at three, four years ahead, but maybe 10 and more than that. So 
probably for the next two years, three years, you will see an amount of capex which will be more 
significant and this will be for meeting such future requirements. 
But as Balaji mentioned, it will be a phased manner approach. We also have to be mindful of 
how the market is reacting, whether the global economy is recovering, whether our markets -- 
the markets where we sell are recovering or not. So we have to be cautious also. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Thank you. Thank you for that. Overall, wonderful performance again and congratulations and 
wishing all the best. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
Davide Grossi: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Yes. Sir, congratulations. Great set of numbers. Sir, the most heartening part was the recovery 
in export. I think earlier we were slightly cautious on export side, but exports have rebounded 
significantly. So, do you think this is sustainable? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. As we said, the exports were basically banking on the teleboom handler for a large global 
OEM. And that was a new launch. The market had to test it. The market had to accept it. And 
that is why it was little subdued in the beginning, considering the global scenario at that point in 
time. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
But when the market -- the test batch and the pilot batch went into the market, the response was 
overwhelming. And that product got accepted by the market. And that is the reason they have 
kind of upped the ramp-up to a very sharp numbers, and we are now in that position to meet that 
expectations. 
We have a requirement roughly of around 1,700 numbers per quarter, and we want to meet the 
customer expectations of higher volumes as well. So answering your question, the ramp-up will 
take place. It will continue, and we hope that it will sustain for the next one or two years when 
the market fully gets covered by this new product that the OEM is launching. So the answer is 
yes. 
Davide Grossi: 
If I can just add one thing. Actually, the performance that we expect in the future from the export 
should be much better than this one because as of today, we keep repeating. To be honest, this 
increment that you see today is due to new projects that we have acquired in the last 1, 1.5 years. 
But there is a big bunch of sales for which we are still waiting for a recovery of the market. 
Export market in general still remains not very sparkling at the moment. So when the market 
bounce back, you will be probably able to see a much better performance in the export segment, 
which is what we are also betting for the future. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure. Great to hear, sir. And sir, earlier, we were indicating that we will improve margins by 100 
basis points every year for the next two, three years. So, what I heard from you is that because 
of the ramp-up and the sudden demand and scaling up the businesses, instead of 100 basis points, 
we could -- it be around 85, 90 basis point improvement in margin for next year. Am I right, sir? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. See, as we said, for us, the margin calculation is always dependent on the product mix. And 
when we say product, it is not just the large product like a teleboom handler, axle or four-wheel 
drive axle, that is the family. But in that, the configuration that goes in also matters in our 
marginality. 
Now when the new technology is getting absorbed into the market, there is always a tendency 
to start at the lower spectrum and then keep adding on to the technology as the product stabilizes 
in the market. 
 
So to that reason, our product mix keeps changing because depending on the region, depending 
on the dealer, the overall numbers for the year may get captured within what we have estimated. 
But quarter-wise, month-wise, sometimes we are unable to predict and estimate the impact of 
the product mix on our EBITDA. So to that reason, from the beginning, we have been using this 
slogan that for Carraro, trust us in the long term, don't get too disturbed by what you people 
perceive as some disruptions, but we see it as a normal business activity that is happening. 
 
And we know it because we are here for 27 years. So we won't go wrong. It is a matter of trusting 
what we have been saying. The numbers we have shown, the revenue, EBITDA, PAT at absolute 
value, everything has gone up. The market is accepting us. The market is accepting our 
technology, this is what is the North Star for us. This is what will keep us going. And we are an 
organization who want to be humble. We don't want to browbeat too much the kind of revenues 
we are achieving. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
You have seen we have maintained a very low profile last quarter when we gave the guidance, 
although we knew something good may happen this quarter, but we kept it subdued. We want 
to be realistic. We want to be reliable. That is more important. And look at the numbers, the 
growth and the market response to Carraro in India. This is very important. 
 
And Carraro globally, that is coming up with the kind of exports, although the export market is 
low, our product, our segment is doing very well. So we are exceeding the market numbers for 
exports. We are exceeding the numbers in India as well in some of the segments that we are 
operating in. So my suggestion, again, I reiterate, please don't look into 100 points, 90 points or 
80 points. 
 
In the long run, we will achieve the guidance we have given. And the fact that the market is 
coming to us and our revenues are growing, that should give us confidence that Carraro India 
will achieve what guidance we have been giving. So there will be some fluctuations up and 
down, but don't read too much into it. As long as the market is growing, our revenues are 
growing, the margins will catch up. It is only a matter of time. 
 
And as human beings, we have been estimating, these have been our targets, and we are working 
towards it. But there are some temporary setbacks that come in. These are not fundamental 
structural setbacks. These are momentary, temporary setbacks that come in, which will get eased 
off as we grow in the future. 
So again, I reinforce look at the organization, look at the technology, look at how the market is 
treating us, and you will realize what we have been saying is well within what we have 
committed in the past. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaymin from Ardeko Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Jaymin: 
Thank you so much for this opportunity, sir. On the teleboom handler ramp-up, I mean, we have 
seen a strong ramp-up with the major international OEM and your domestic programs are also 
progressing well. So just wanted to understand one thing, for this specific major international 
OEM, can you clarify -- I mean, it's just a regional award or eventually is a part of the broader 
global sourcing opportunity? 
 
And secondly, in domestic program, when should we expect the additional customer wins or the 
program nomination for this teleboom handler platform? Is it like it's going to be in FY '26? Or 
is the pipeline more back ended? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Okay. See, as far as Caterpillar, who is the big OEM that we were talking about, we have shared 
it in the past as well. That is a global project that we are doing with them. So they will be sourcing 
it from India for their global requirements. So answering your question, it is a global project and 
the market is being managed by them, and we are exporting it to one of their plants. From there, 
they are further distributing it into their market. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
So the going will be good. As I said, this is not a small project, localized project. It is a global 
project for that entire platform. So that is why it is a very prestigious and very significant project. 
And the fact that we are able to give a product like that to a very big reputed OEM, which is a 
benchmark for quality standards, that only strengthens our position as a very good product 
supplier, and that is a normal, I would say, go-to factor for other OEMs that they come to us 
because we have already established the credibility and the performance of our product. 
 
So this is a big, I would say, a marketing tool, a big advantage that we are building into our 
portfolio that our product stands validated and accepted by one of the world's largest OEM player 
in the construction equipment. So that is the reason there are many inquiries coming in. So we 
will have a competitive advantage when it comes to finalization of the contract. These are ramp-
ups. 
 
Again, keep in mind, it will take time. They will initially take small numbers, test the market 
and then go in for the ramp-up. So, it will all start next year, but the real meat, I think, will come 
after about 24 months. Ashok, do you want to add something? Our Sales Director, he is in Europe 
now, he could probably add a few words. Ashok? 
Ashok Rai: 
You are absolutely spot on, sir, regarding the -- it will take 18 to 24 months before the serial 
production start with the local OEMs because we have given the prototypes to them. And there 
are certain prototype we have given in this quarter and a couple of prototypes we'll be giving in 
the next quarter. So that will take around 18 months for field validation and all. So it will take 
18 to 24 months to get into the serial production. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. Thank you. Another indication, like we always say, the bellwether for our future revenue 
is the prototypes that we give because we build protos only when there is a serious contract for 
the project. We don't make protos and keep it in our portfolio. So this year, we are -- we have 
already delivered six different prototypes for six different products. And this year, we have 
productionized three of the previous prototypes that were tested by OEMs. 
 
What I'm trying to say is there are these prototypes which are in the pipeline, including six of 
this year, which means we are getting six new additional contracts in the future. And our 
revenues, our market penetration seems very, very encouraging. There are no two ways about it. 
Carraro is really breaking the barrier and entering into the OEMs for higher horsepower 
transmissions, for automatic transmissions and for the backhoe loader segment. So we are doing 
exactly what we wanted and the market is responding favorably to us as of now. Thank you. 
Jaymin: 
I mean it's great to hear. Just one piece. You highlighted, I mean, temporary factors which are 
affecting a few basis point margin profile on annual guidance. Apart from mix driven, is there 
something I mean delay in localization or cost reduction program, which might affect your 
annual guidance? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. See when we -- yes. Have you finished? Can I answer? 
Jaymin: 
Yes, sir. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes, okay. See, when we talk about localization, these are estimates that we are doing based on 
how we are able to clear the testing process, testing and validation. Testing happens at the 
component level and at the aggregate level and then at the vehicle level. So three different tests 
are done, and these are called basically validation process. 
Very often, the third level of validation at the vehicle level gets delayed. And because of that, 
our program, the absorption of that localized part into the product or into our revenue gets 
affected. 
 
So that is why we said these kind of things slightly here and there, a little bit, it will happen, but 
they are not anything structurally wrong or we have flawed in any of our efforts that it's a dead 
end and we are not able to move any further. This is ongoing, and we have consistently said that 
the margin improvements will come because of higher growth, absorption of fixed cost, 
localization, improvement in efficiencies, cutting non-critical expenses. 
So we are doing it across the enterprise like a business process reengineering and making our 
organization very lean and very efficient so that we are one of the benchmark in the industry that 
we are in. 
 
So answering your question, nothing fundamental, nothing structural. These are all small 
variations that are happening. If the validation is delayed by four months, my absorption of that 
localization is deferred by four months. So even the absorption, some OEMs are willing to totally 
change into all their supplies that we are giving. Some say, bring in 25%, then after three months, 
another 25%. So they also want to have a ramp-up in terms of the localized product into their 
vehicle. 
 
So all these things are a little situational, very difficult to predict. That is why we give that factor 
and tell you that long term, we will achieve. Short term, please overlook any of these ups and 
downs that are happening. Have I answered your question, sir? 
Jaymin: 
Yes, sir. I mean, you have perfectly answered it. If you allow, I mean, can I ask more on this 
one? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Jaymin: 
So I mean, when you look at the Carraro Group, I mean, India plant has been doing exceptionally 
well in terms of the performance and across, I mean, other factors also. Is there any Carraro 
Group, as a whole, they are undertaking any manufacturing footprint rationalization globally, 
which will lead to indirect benefit in terms of your higher volume or the product transfer to the 
India plant over the next one to two years? 
Balaji Gopalan:  
Yes, see, we are working on the industrial footprint of center of excellence. Okay. So, anything 
that is working in the agriculture transmission side, globally, wherever we get contracts, and if 
it is of a significant volume, then it comes into India, from anywhere in the world. We are not 
setting up any new facility as of now. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
We just have expansions that are happening in whichever market we are growing, okay, from 
the infrastructure point of view. However, we are exploring new markets, with the US Trump 
issues that gave us an opportunity to look beyond what we are normally catering. And we are 
seriously looking at exploring all other markets. 
And we will have some benefits because of the TLB, the transmission for Backhoe loader, that 
is also gaining some momentum in some countries like China and other places. And those 
volumes automatically will come into Carraro India. 
So, we could see a growth in the TLB transmissions for Teleboom, which we have a couple of 
models from various technology standpoint. And that seems to be gaining momentum in our 
global market. And that is being sourced out of India. 
So, answer is yes, but it's not going to be a game changer, but it will help me in reaching my 
higher revenue guideline that we are looking at today of crossing that EUR220 million target 
that we had earlier given, which we said is optimistic. But now that has become realistic, 
optimistic could go to EUR225 million or something close to that. 
Jaymin:  
Sure, sir. Thank you for answering my questions and best of luck for the future. 
Balaji Gopalan:  
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Yes. Good morning, sir. Just one question. You know, I understand that we are, we, you know, 
most of our products are system based and not necessarily, you don't have like a build to print 
kind of product, right? You know, having said that, how do we explain that our margins, our 
gross margins are low because even if you look at forging companies and some of the other axle 
companies, they have a higher gross margin. 
So therefore, is it possible for us to do even much better than what we are actually looking at in 
terms of 11% margin or so? Just want to hear your thoughts. Are we kind of under promising 
that we can't increase more because all the comparables you look at in the industry, be it forging 
or be it some of the axle companies stand higher gross margin, right? So, what prevents us from 
aspiring even higher margins? 
Balaji Gopalan:  
Okay. So this is a very good question. And this is a question that has been in every investor's 
mind right from the beginning. We don't manufacture to the OEMs design. It is Carraro 
technology. It is our IP and we manufacture it. We only co-design and adapt it to the vehicle 
performance that is sought by our OEMs. Okay. So this is our strength that we have. 
Now, don't compare us with a forging company because they make huge margins. We are stuck 
in between. We have the components which are below us, which have their set of margins 
because there is a big demand for them. If not for Carraro, they can give it to somebody else. 
They can go to automotive, they can go to any field and they can fill their capacity. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
So there is always a demand at the component level and thereby the margins are higher over 
there. Even in our own Carraro India, the gear plant, obviously my internal margins are much 
higher compared to my main plant. In the main plant, we are bringing in technology, we are 
doing machining and we are doing assembly. That is largely the activity that we do with a paint 
shop that we have. 
Now, when we introduce it into the market, there are factors. Our main competitor is probably 
in-house itself. So they have their numbers on their table and they have to take a make-by 
decision. In that, we have to get that foothold into the organization. Looking at the long term, 
we have to sometimes look at a lower margin in order to get entry into that product line for a big 
future. 
Now, when we do these kinds of alignments, our margins are reduced. We are not 
underperforming. We are not away from the benchmark. We have to take the right benchmark. 
If you take, say, our competitors like similar, like Dana off-highway or Comer and others, we 
are quite within that range that we operate in and we don't think there is going to be a very big 
improvement that will happen. That is why we are looking at localizations. Something that is 
intrinsic will be in my control. 
 
What is eccentric, that is external, which goes to the OEMs for negotiation, price negotiation, 
repricing, or going to our suppliers for alternate sourcing or a lower price sourcing. These are 
things that happen and these are ongoing. But the actual, we are banking on something that we 
have to do by ourselves and that is improving efficiencies, fixed cost control, localizations. These 
are things that will surely come into the kitty and that is why sometimes there are some 
fluctuations. And answering your question, sir, we have benchmarked ourselves with other 
companies in the processes that are common and we feel that these are quite appropriate. 
To improve our margins now, we are also looking at spare parts because spare parts, as 
everybody knows, has a higher margin and we have a better leverage in negotiating for the spare 
parts because these are original spare parts and the kind of duty cycle guarantees we give for 
performance is much better than what is in the aftermarket products that are available to them. 
So that is why we have increased the dealership, we have increased service centers, we are 
pushing OEMs to take more of our spare parts, we are monitoring it, and I would say all in all, 
using these kinds of strategies, our margins are bound to increase. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it, sir. As we go along, now what are the critical places where we may get bottlenecks? Is it 
our supply chain, which is your inbound supply chain or your capacity internally, which you can 
actually manage? So as you grow, especially in exports, what are the places where you think 
bottlenecks will be there? 
And second, exports, I always understand that it comes with some kind of an order book, whereas 
in India, you have maybe rolling three months. So in these two aspects, what kind of visibility 
we have in terms of order book? And secondly, in terms of what would actually constrain us 
from an inbound supply chain because we rely on other suppliers to provide us materials? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Balaji Gopalan:  
Yes. So, these are, I would not say real constraints, these are challenges in front of us. And being 
a mature organization and having gone through the business cycles over the last many years, 
today we are able to anticipate and kind of contain any of the things that are disrupting. Looking 
at the supply chain, yes, it is a challenge when there is a boom then capacities at the supplier end 
also gets affected. 
So we have to factor in all that. So we get into a very detailed analysis on which are the suppliers 
we are dealing with? Are they sustainable from a financial point of view, from a capacity point 
of view, from a quality point of view? 
So we keep doing these kind of regular assessments because these are perceived as risks that if 
ignored can create a disruption. And to what is scientifically and humanly possible, we are 
anticipating it and we hope that there will be no disruption going by the way we are looking at 
those instances that can crop up when we are growing. 
 
The future is very strong for us and you have, I must compliment you, you have rightly 
highlighted the point that although the revenue could grow, what are the other challenges that 
could pull us down? And let me assure you, we are very well clear on what could be the issues 
that are coming up and we are having a very scientific and systematic approach in handling those 
kinds of disruptions, potential disruptions that could come up. 
As of now, we don't see anything major. If there is a shipping line issue, if there are disruptions 
in the sea and in the port that is something we have to handle it at that point in time. In the past 
also, the Mumbai JNPT port was full, was choked, but we had to go to the Gujarat port and then 
transport it by road into our plant. 
So that gave us a delay of about a week or 10 days. So these are kind of small, small things that 
come up, but nothing structural, nothing fundamental. That is what I would like to reassure all 
of you. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Yes sir. Sir, on the order books of exports, how you think about it? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
The order books for exports are more or less stable. There is no spike in the second half, nor 
there is a big reduction. So I would say we would sustain more or less at the same level. Davide, 
anything you want to add? 
Davide Grossi: 
No, no. This is also what we mentioned at the beginning when we commented the expectation 
for the full turnover for the year. We have a decent visibility. We believe that what we have seen 
so far can pretty much continue for the next six months. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it, sir. Thank you for your detailed answers and very good disclosure. Thank you so much. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satyan Wadhwa from Profusion. I'm sorry. The 
participant has left the queue. We'll move on to the next question, which is from the line of Vijay 
Pandey from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Vijay Pandey: 
Thanks sir. Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations for excellent numbers. Sir, I, 
very recently started to look at the company to have few understandings, so wanted to check. In 
the axles two-wheel drive business, in the prospectus it was mentioned that non-captive is like -
- what will be the non-captive business in the axles two-wheel drive and what will be our market 
share? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Two-wheel drive market share? 
Vijay Pandey: 
Yes. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
We are -- yes, two-wheel drive is largely captive, and historically, Carraro had never wanted to 
compete in the two-wheel drive, because the OEMs are well having the capacity and the right 
price points because they have been doing it historically. 
 
What Carraro does, because we are a technology company, we want to focus on where the future 
is going to go with the adoption and absorption of the technology that we would be providing. 
 
So in terms of market share, I don't think we have anything worth talking about in the two-wheel 
drive market, because that is a dead axle. It's a very low-end product, there is nothing, anybody 
can do it. Largely, it is a fabricated axle. It's a fabricated beam, whereas four-wheel drive is all 
casting. So it is the same material that gearboxes are built. 
 
So to that reason, our focus will be only in the four-wheel drive market and that is where the 
future is. As I said, five, six years back, four-wheel drive was zero. It was 100% two-wheel 
drive. Today, unconfirmed sources talk about 23% to 25% penetration of four-wheel drive. Once 
technology like four-wheel drive gets absorbed in the market then the ramp-up becomes very 
steep. So, what we were anticipating 40% after three to four years, seems like we will achieve it 
in the next 12 to 18 months period itself. So, our focus is four-wheel drive. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay. So sir, that means that the addressable market for us will increase significantly over the 
next 12 to 18 months? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes, yes. Not in two, three months. Did I hear two, three months? 
Vijay Pandey: 
12 to 18 months. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes, exactly, because these kinds of technology absorption two, three months is nothing. A 
relevant period, the least count should be at least 18 to 24 months. 
Vijay Pandey: 
And sir, when we talk about the export in the construction equipment, so what are the sales in 
the second quarter? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
The second quarter is more or less mirroring the first quarter. 
Vijay Pandey: 
In construction equipment? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. Export, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Vijay Pandey: 
Yes, yes. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes, yes. It is more or less mirroring the first quarter -- sorry, first half. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay. And sir, how are you seeing the domestic construction market coming up, because there 
has been a good decline? You mentioned I think 9% decline. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. 
Vijay Pandey: 
So in terms of our business, it has been similar. And are you seeing the momentum to pick up 
from like October onwards or is it still very weak? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. See -- yes, the domestic market largely because of the heavy rains and extended period of 
rains. Usually when you have rains and this kind of environment, then the construction industry 
goes into a kind of a low-level sustenance situation. That is what we have faced. 
 
We are, as usual, we don't want to be over optimistic or commit or get too excited and excite the 
investors as well. We want to be steady. We want to be realistic. We will assume that the market 
will be subdued till the end of the year and then, probably pick up for next year. But we don't 
want to factor in something that is not in our control. So we are factoring in that it will remain 
subdued for the rest of the year as well, and probably it will show a ramp up in the next financial 
year. 
 
Our Sales Director is there, Ashok Rai. Would you like to double-click and say a few words on 
this, Ashok? 
Ashok Rai: 
Yes, sir. In case of construction market, as we said -- as Dr. Balaji said a few minutes ago, 
because of the rain and also, the Stage V prices, because we introduced the Stage V norm in 
January 2025, the prices of the machines were high. So both the factors have kept the sale of the 
new machine at the lower level in the first half. 
 
In the second half, we are expecting slightly better than the first half, but not as a… overall year 
would be more or less flat. We are not expecting to have an increase in the sale of the machine 
in the full year vis-à-vis the previous year. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Okay. One question, sir, if I may. I wanted to check, like, in terms of the new emission regulation 
that is expected to come. So, is that still in the pipeline? How is the discussion looking? Because 
a couple of OEMs have said that it may be delayed for the tractor business, and how much that 
will impact our four-wheel drive business for FY27, if that becomes the case? 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. Ashok? 
Ashok Rai: 
Okay. I'll answer this question in two parts. One is the emission norm in the Tractor segment is 
delayed. That is confirmed. It is expected to be after 2027. 
 
Second part, it doesn't affect our four-wheel drive business, because that engine and the emission 
norm, has no link with our product. Basically, the conversion which is happening from two-
wheel drive to four-wheel drive is irrespective of the emission norm, it will continue to happen. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carraro India Limited 
 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
It is like this. In the past, people were not using the power steering, and as soon as they started 
using the power steering, they never gone back to the manual steering. 
 
The same is happening in the four-wheel drive axles. Any customer who has started using four-
wheel drive tractors, he rarely goes back to the two-wheel drive. And this conversion will 
continue irrespective of the emission norm, and it has no bearing on the conversion of two-wheel 
drive to four-wheel drive tractors. I hope I answered your question. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Thank you. Thank you, and all the best for upcoming quarters. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now hand the 
conference over to Dr. Balaji Gopalan for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Balaji Gopalan: 
Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you all the participants for taking interest in Carraro India. 
The going is good. We are in control of the situation. The market is responding very well to our 
products. OEMs are respecting what Carraro can bring to the table. 
 
A lot of discussions are going on for new projects with OEMs, so we are very confident of a 
very successful future. The next half is going to mirror what we have done now. So, all-in-all, 
we are feeling that we are in control of the situation, and we will be surely able to fulfil the 
guidance that we have been giving from time-to-time. 
 
And I hope all of you will support Carraro as a long-term investment and long-term opportunity. 
So, thank you very much once again, and good day to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Carraro India Limited, that concludes 
this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
