 
 
 
 
EFC (I) Limited 
Regd. Office: 6th Floor, VB Capitol Building, Range Hill Road, Opp. Hotel Symphony, Bhoslenagar, Shivajinagar, 
Pune-411007, Maharashtra I CIN: L74110PN1984PLC216407 
Tel.: 020 2952 0138 I Email Id: compliance@efclimited.in I Website: www.efclimited.in 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001. 
Scrip Code: 512008 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai-400051. 
NSE Symbol: EFCIL 
Sub.: Earnings Conference Call – Transcript. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 (6) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith copy of the transcript of 
Analyst/Investor Meet held on Wednesday, November 12, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the above information is also being hosted on the Company’s website 
at https://www.efclimited.in/investor-relation/investor-presentation/  
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For EFC (I) Limited 
 
 
 
Aman Gupta 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As Above. 
 
 
Aman 
Kumar 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Aman Kumar 
Gupta 
Date: 2025.11.17 
15:12:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“EFC (I) Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 12, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. UMESH SAHAY – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – EFC (I) LIMITED 
 
MR. NIKHIL BHUTA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – EFC 
(I) LIMITED 
 
MR. UDAY VORA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – EFC 
(I) LIMITED 
 
MR. AMAN GUPTA – COMPANY SECRETARY – EFC (I) 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. KASTURI BASU – MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the EFC India Limited Q2 and H1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by MUFG Intime India Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Kasturi Basu from MUFG Intime. Thank you and over 
to you, Ms. Basu. 
Kasturi Basu: 
Thank you, Heena. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Q2 and H1 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call of EFC India Limited. Today on the call from the management side 
we  have, Mr. Umesh Sahay, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Nikhil Bhuta, Whole Time 
Director; Mr. Uday Vora, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Aman Gupta, Company Secretary.  
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more 
details, kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the 
company's website and stock exchanges. With that, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. 
Umesh Sahay for his opening comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir over to you Umesh sir 
for your opening comments.  
Umesh Sahay: 
Thank you, ma'am. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us on the 
Q2 first half financial '26 results conference call today. At the start of Q2, we were listed only 
on the Bombay Stock Exchange on 20th August 20th extremely sorry. At the start of Q2 '26, we 
are only listed on Bombay Stock Exchange. On August 20th we also got listed on National stock 
exchange, which was a very exciting event in our journey as a still very young company.  
On the operational front, the total number of seats, including 5,900 under development, jumped 
to more than 68,000 seats at the end of Q2 financial '26. We currently manage 3.23 million 
square feet at 86 sites located in the 10 cities. On Design & Build segment, we have achieved a 
turnover about INR196 crores, which is about 74% growth year-on-year, half year basis.  
While our Furniture segment has got established firmly with half year turnover crossing INR26-
plus crores. I believe that our employees are the real reason behind our success story. I take this 
opportunity to thank our esteemed employees. We will continue to innovate and execute on our 
strategy to keep growing across all our verticals, while leveraging our integrated business model 
to drive efficiency and cross-selling opportunity. 
 
I will now invite Mr. Nikhil Bhuta to speak on the company business and operational 
performance. Thank you. Nikhil-bhai. 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Thank you. Thank you, Umesh sir. Good morning to all, and a warm welcome to the Q2 and 
half yearly FY '26 earnings conference call. I'll just provide a quick overview on our company 
before going further. EFC India Limited operates as a real estate as a service company with three 
integrated business verticals, which offer managed offices, interior design solutions and 
furniture manufacturing segments.  

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Our unique value proposition is that we can provide a wide range of real estate solutions from 
customized workplaces, commercial interior design and furniture products manufacturing. In the 
last quarter, we have built on our success with implementing the integrated business model. We 
have added multiple large corporate clients to our leasing vertical, further strengthening our 
enterprise portfolio, which generates long-term and stable revenue stream for the company.  
On the back of the successful execution of Ahmedabad and Hyderabad Passport Seva Kendras, 
EFC India was awarded another general work contract for a new Passport Seva Kendra at Pune 
in September. As part of our rate contract for the development of PSKs across India, the contract 
is for complete interior turnkey fit-outs and is a key win for Design & Build vertical.  
During the quarter, we have successfully completed more than 80% of shipment of for exporting 
the furniture products to Saudi Arabia as part of our previously announced international export 
order. We've been constantly trying to innovate and recalibrate ourselves since the past few 
months. 
 
In November 2025, we announced our foray into retail leasing with premium showroom and 
shop spaces in key commercial hubs in India. We believe we can leverage our deep domain 
expertise in the office segment to extend our addressable market into the retail market. The 
robust macro economy, a rising work population and a higher disposal income drive an ever-
expanding consumer landscape.  
We believe that we are very well positioned to take advantage of immensely potential available 
in our ever-growing economy. We reckon that our integrated real estate as a service business 
model empowers us with the right to win in not just our core but also such peripheral market. 
Going forward, we will continue to explore such compelling opportunities and kind of take our 
companies to the newer heights. 
 
I thank you all for your continued support and faith in us, and we are genuinely committed to 
perform and deliver best interest of our stakeholders. Thank you so much. And let me invite our 
CFO, Uday Vora, to give you more insights into the financial of our company for the Q2 FY '26. 
Thank you so much. 
Uday Vora: 
Good morning, and thank you for joining us for today's call. In Q2 FY '26, our consolidated 
revenue from operations grew at a robust pace to reach INR2,546 million, on the back of broad-
based growth across segments. EBITDA improved to INR1,108 million, which was a jump of 
40% year-on-year. In half 1 of FY '26, our revenue from operations grew by 76.6% year-over-
year, while EBITDA jumped by 69.4% year-over-year.  
Our stellar growth was achieved on the back of strong demand momentum across all our 
segments. Rental grew by 61% year-over-year, while interior jumped by 74%. Moreover, 
furniture vertical added to top line growth during this period. The net profit almost doubled 
during the first half of FY '26 when compared on a year-over-year basis.  
We believe we are fully well positioned to deliver strong growth going forward as all our 
verticals delivered strong growth, showcasing the robustness of our business model. We believe 
that as an integrated real estate as a service player, we have immense opportunities ahead of us, 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
which we will continue to explore. With that, I will conclude my commentary on the recent 
quarter and half year performance. I will now request the moderator to open the floor for 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Sahil Sharma an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sharma: 
First of all, congratulations to everyone for another wonderful quarter. My first question is that 
when we are entering this retail space, what is our strategy there? Will we just leave the complete 
like mall or whatever from a builder and then give individual shops to individual people or like 
what's the strategy? 
 
Another important thing I wanted to understand that unlike office spaces, what I've seen with 
malls is that as newer and better malls get built, it also becomes harder to sell mall space, that if 
let's say today, there's a mall, but a better mall comes up, the older mall becomes harder to sell. 
I'm also wondering like will we like basically be able to adjust there properly and will similar 
kind of mechanics play out there as it's playing out in offices. 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Well, I mean, thank you, Sahil, for your wishes. And coming to your question, Sahil, at the 
outset, we are not getting into the mall management per se. What we are getting into is basically 
tying up and partnering with large corporates who have kind of retail chains across India. 
 
And we are kind of helping them to kind of expand rapidly with our ability to not just lease, 
identify the right property for them because you understand for retail businesses, opening the 
right stores at the right location is very critical. So our ability to source the property and also our 
ability to do the design and build at a quick turnaround time and doing it across India because 
as you understand that we have now a complete integrated business model where we have the 
ability to identify properties. 
The ability to design and build with a quick turnaround and also to provide the necessary 
furniture, which is required to kind of operate such places efficiently. So what we are trying to 
achieve is we're trying to achieve is partner with such large retail established brand and also 
trying to kind of help them expand while getting a steady revenue for our businesses. 
 
So we are not going to get into mall management per se, but we are going to get into helping the 
large corporates in retail expansion in their own businesses. Only we'll be targeting those 
shortlisted clients who are have a strong growth trajectory and are also growing well with their 
existing business models. I hope I've tried to clarify that question, Sahil. 
Sahil Sharma: 
So if I understand the model, it would be similar to Awfis where you will lease it. So why not 
like let's say, there's a Tata showroom for cars, why will they not lease it directly from the 
landlord? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
So listen, I mean, like I said, today, the entire logic behind getting into leasing model is also 
from their point of view, going capex light, right? They want to focus on their core businesses, 
correct? And that is where we are trying to come in and pitch in. We are not trying to kind of 
get into situations of getting into managing their businesses. 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
We are just helping them to go capex-light, focus on their core businesses, and becoming their 
partner in their entire journey so that we are able to and also provide the professional kind of 
setup in terms of managing those real estate as that is our core strength. So we are coming in 
from that angle and that thought process. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Understood. And actually, one more thing is on this, if you look at offices, we have complete 
buildings where we have hundreds of thousands of square foot of space available. In this case, 
like how would we develop such economies because retail shops are much smaller, right, in 
size? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
So we are not looking at doing some retail shop of like, say, only some 1,000 square feet kind 
of a thing. We're looking at a sizable space where any that is what I tried to explain to you that 
we are looking at tying up with those large brands who have a format of at least having 5,000 
kind of square feet of area. 
 
And what we are trying to add is that, let's say, if I'm able to add 5,000 square feet and let's say, 
in 25 cities, that makes a total kind of coverage of 125,000 square feet, which is a very sizable 
kind of leasing area that I can build in with one single client. And that kind of helps me to not 
expand into different cities, but also kind of strengthen my core strength of being there in across 
the country and leverage on my expertise. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Understood. My last question is, do we have any updates on the REIT and are we still pursuing 
it? And like what are the like when are we expecting to have the REIT finished? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
We are really actively pursuing it, and we really see a lot of value in those structures. Yes, it has 
taken a little time. But why it has taken time is, as you know that as a company, we are very 
cognizant of the fact that we only get into opportunities where there is a substantial profitable 
and sustainable business is available. So we have now established a kind of a suite of properties 
that we can bring them into the REIT structures. And soon we'll come up with announcement 
relating to the same, but we are actively pursuing those structures and looking at those business 
opportunities. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Thank you and All the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kush Tandon from Ananta Capital. 
Kush Tandon: 
Good Morning Sir, Many congratulations on a consistent set of numbers. And last four, five 
quarters, there has been quarter-on-quarter growth. Sir, I would like to understand the company 
by segments. So if we just talk about the Rental segment, we have been adding around 4,000, 
5,000 seats a quarter. And now we have reached a revenue of around INR129 crores, INR130 
crores. 
Sir, can we expect a similar addition of seats going ahead? And if you take a 3-year view on the 
business, what is the aspiration of the company to reach number of seats? And so that is the first 
question, sir? 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Yes. Thank you so much, Kush. And yes, I mean, as we've been kind of targeting, it is that we 
are trying to add on an annual basis, about 20,000 seats plus to our portfolio. And on a quarterly 
basis, as you can see that we are trying to add roughly about 5,000 plus here and there kind of 
seats on a quarter-on-quarter basis. And that is the kind of target that we want to really work 
with. 
 
Yes. I mean, I won't be able to kind of give you an exact estimate into the future years. But what 
I'm trying to, as an organization, achieve is that we add at least 20,000 plus or minus seats. 
Looking at the business, looking at the market right now and looking at the penetration that this 
business model is doing in the market and for the large corporates, we believe that adding 20,000 
seats is fairly reasonable to achieve in a year. 
 
And again, like I've explained earlier in our calls that while we go we can probably add in 
inventory point of view, more seats easily, but what is important is that we kind of sustainably 
deploy them and get them occupied with 90% plus occupancy. If we can't achieve them, then 
just adding seats and adding numbers doesn't really turn into any sustainable profitability. And 
that's where we are. 
 
So from a leasing vertical point of view, Kush, we are focused of adding about 20,000-plus seats 
on a year-on-year basis, and we believe that we should be able to achieve this target year-on-
year, at least going forward next couple of years. 
 
That's where we are in terms of the overall. And that's how the revenue will keep increasing 
because as you can understand, this is a linear business to that sense, and the leasing vertical 
really is offering that stable cash flow that we deserve for our overall business model that we 
have created. 
Kush Tandon: 
Also, if you can explain what is the churn in this business from the client perspective because 
it's largely a recurring 3 year, 4 year locking business. Would you be able to give us a number 
on the churn of clients? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
If you Kush, if you refer to our presentations, we have kind of mentioned that my average kind 
of lock in or average kind of contract tenure is roughly around 45 months, so which you can 
would appreciate that it's just about 4 years, that kind of contract period that we are looking at.  
So we are fortunate, and our business model has been very clear that we look at developing the 
enterprise clients more and more and look at developing relationships with large corporates in 
terms of their commitment with us for 4 to 5 years. 
Churn rate is obviously something not sometimes in our hand because it depends upon the 
businesses of those respective clients who are sitting with us, but if we have witnessed as an 
organization about 4% to 5% churn rate that we have witnessed over the years. And we've been 
successful in able to refill them and maintain the occupancy levels that we have been able to 
maintain, Kush. 
Kush Tandon: 
Okay. Sir, coming to the second business of Design & Build, is there an order book concept 
here? And we've seen lot of growth there. So can we think of this business as an order book 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
business? And if yes, then what is the current order book? And what can we expect the order 
book at the end of the year, financial year? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Yes. Kush, the order book concept is there because what happens is that Design & Build is not 
a kind of a contract where you just kind of get a business and you start operating or start 
executing on day 1 because there is quite a bit of lag work which is required, starting from getting 
your design concepts approved and then which itself takes its own time and then get into the 
execution.  
And the kind of order book that you've seen, in the beginning of this financial year, we had an 
order book of about INR200 crores, then the next quarter, the Q1, we had an order book of over 
INR110-odd crores. And this quarter, we had an order book of about INR140-plus crores, 
INR145 crores roughly. 
 
So basically, what happens is that the order book is created on a particular obviously, on a day, 
and then they get executed over a period. It is not necessary that, let's say, if I won the contract 
of INR145 crores today, all of such contracts are going to be executed in a single quarter. 
 
Obviously, like I said, depending upon at different phases, depending upon different handover 
happening from the clients and also different agencies involved, those agencies giving me hand 
over, all that factors also matter. But order book concept is there. And like we mentioned, for 
this quarter, we have right now about INR145 crores worth of contracts in hand for execution. 
Kush Tandon: 
Sir, so the order book has come down a little bit. So my and you mentioned this in your 
presentation, I just saw that. Sir, just a question that how sustainable or how recurring business 
can this be in terms of growth? Because right now, we are experiencing a lot of growth in this 
segment, and we hope that the growth continues. So if you can throw some light on how many 
is it a tender or is it more of a one-to-one business? And what kind of growth guidance or order 
book guidance can you give in this segment? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
So first of all, there is no I just want to clarify, Kush, that there is no decline in the order book. 
Please understand that, like I was explaining, that we get contracts at different point of time, and 
then we start executing them over the years. So if you look at from this financial year's point of 
view, we have got an order book of more than INR400 crores together, more than INR450 crores 
together.  
Now this INR450 crores worth of contract would be executed during this year or maybe some 
of it may get spill over to the next financial year also depending upon the nature of work, nature 
of contract and the client kind of handover, etc, related matter. So there is no decline in the order 
book. I just wanted to clarify. 
 
Secondly, in terms of growth, if you see, we have been maintaining the fact that we are in a 
position that this business is growing rapidly, not just in if you look at our presentations and also 
some of the market data, it is growing at more than about 28% CAGR, which is really a great 
sign for this particular vertical. And if we are able to achieve a growth rate of anything around 
50% to 60%, that's what our target year-on-year is for next 2 years. 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
So if you look at my last financial year, my business was at about INR250 crores we closed in 
FY '25. And you look at this financial year, we closed half year at INR196 crores. So the kind 
of growth that we have achieved on a half yearly basis is 74%. 
 
And we are very cognizant of this fact that because of our ability to win the large contracts with 
the corporates, where, obviously, a tendering and an open kind of auctioning process, kind of 
L1, L2, L3 process run through, it is not that it's just a one-on-one negotiation. Yes, negotiations 
do take part.  
But there is always a process because large contracts can't be kind of allotted by these corporates 
simply on a relationship basis. So there is a detailed stringent process that we have to run 
through. We have to compete with our kind of peers and offer them the best solutions, and that's 
what we've been able to achieve. 
 
And so like I explained, the growth point of view, we are very confident and for next at least 
couple of years, we're really confident to achieve 50% to 60% Y-O-Y at least, and that can be 
witnessed in the kind of growth that we are anyway achieving even in the first half of this 
financial year. 
Kush Tandon: 
Thanks for clarifying that. The third and the last vertical, sir, about the Furniture business, I also 
understand that we have overtaken Pepperfry in our other company, TCC? Sir, what is the logic 
of taking Pepperfry there? And is there any synergy that EFC can derive from that business? 
And in general, your overview on the Furniture business, the capacity, the capacity utilization 
growth going ahead? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
No, certainly, I mean there is a lot of synergy in kind of Pepperfry transactions. First of all, it is 
very important for everybody to understand that Pepperfry is a tech platform, which is an 
omnichannel for enabling more than thousands of retailers to sell their product online through 
this platform that they've created, a brand that they have created over a decade, which is a very 
successful brand that they've created. 
 
And it was necessary for us to look at it from that angle rather than looking at it as a furniture 
company because it's not a furniture company at all. It's a tech technology platform. And they 
have a robust technology team. They have strong back-end team for marketing and they've 
strong back end team for sourcing.  
So as far as the acquisition of Pepperfry was concerned, it was more looked as the technology 
company acquisition than a furniture company. Secondly, with regards to the synergy, which is 
possible with EFC is concerned, 100%, there is a synergy possibility because today, me as an 
Ek Design, who is the manufacturer of kind of furniture I have an ability now to access this 
platform myself and list my product on this platform and also try to kind of sell through this 
platform rather than getting in B2C segment myself.  
Secondly, the Pepperfry has got a lot of physical presence across the country. That kind of more 
than like 26 to 28 states where they have their presence. That enables me to reach out pan-India 
on day 1. If I'm able to get into a synergetic relationship with Pepperfry, I've now ability to put 
across Ek Design products across these 28 states on day 1. 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
And that's the kind of synergy that we are looking at, not just exploring the online omnichannel 
platform, but also capturing the retail physical presence across the country, and that kind of helps 
us grow substantially, establish real good synergy, and we are very confident that together, we'll 
be able to kind of achieve newer heights in the Furniture segment. 
Kush Tandon: 
And sir, in our own manufacturing, what is the capacity, capacity utilization, etc? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
I mean, as of now, we are doing capacity utilization target is that this financial year, we should 
end at about achieving around 40%. Depending upon my synergies with Pepperfry, if that kind 
of kicks in very quickly, then this may also go up a bit because now that the we are already in 
process of kind of developing certain specific products, and putting them on the Pepperfry 
platform. 
 
So we are expecting that this financial year, at least we should be at about 40% to 45% kind of 
capacity utilization out of my total capacity of around INR275 crores to INR300 crores. And 
going forward, we should be able to do much better, and we should achieve capacity utilization 
certainly of 70% to 80% in the next financial years. 
Kush Tandon: 
And sir, optimal at optimal capacity utilization, what can be our margin in this business? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
We are very confident that this business is one of the value accretive business. You please 
understand that this is where we create the value addition, right? It's a manufacturing business. 
And we are confident that even at the current situation, we are we believe that we should be able 
to achieve anything around 30%-plus kind of margin in this business, sir, at an optimal capacity. 
Kush Tandon: 
Okay. Understood. Yes. So what I understand is that largely, we are a run rate business, and 
there will be a quarter-on-quarter growth. So maybe this is our new base in terms of revenue and 
profitability. And going ahead, sir, we can expect better quarters and better years going ahead? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
I mean, this is what we all strive for, and this is what we all aim for. Mr. Kush, you please 
appreciate that under the leadership of our Chairman, Mr. Umesh Sahay, we have created a very 
robust kind of platform where we just don't have the stable revenue, but we have substantial 
growth opportunities. So you look at the way these entire businesses are getting shaped in, we 
have businesses which are offering linear and stable revenue. 
We have tie-ups, we have strategic synergies, which is getting me confirmed kind of sure shot 
revenue streams. So we are getting into a model which is not just stabilizing my revenue streams, 
but also able to capture the growth opportunity available in those sectors. So and this vertical 
expansion across different segments that we have created is really helping us to grow year-on-
year basis. And we are very confident that next 3 financial years are going to be really exciting 
for us at an EFC level, and we are really working hard to kind of achieve and work for the growth 
of our investors and all the ecosystem stakeholder participants. 
Kush Tandon: 
Sir, wish you very best. Thank you for patiently answering all my questions. All the best sir. 
Going ahead. 
 Nikhil Bhuta:                        Thank you so much Mr. Kush                  

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mohan Mishra from Edge Capital. 
Mohan Mishra: 
Thankyou Mam, First of all, congratulations for EFC's tremendous growth on quarter-on-
quarter, year-on-year. My first question is towards  you mentioned that you are already managing 
3 million plus square feet under OpCo or PropCo model. How does this reflect in your debt 
structure and return on equity? And then is there any way forward or plan you have, a model 
which can contribute to margin expansion in the coming years? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Thank you so much, Mr. Mishra. And yes, this model certainly helps. I mean, it gives me a lot 
of pride, as first-generation entrepreneurs, we've been able to kind of also get into situations 
where we are able to implement an OpCo, PropCo model because to acquire real estate, own 
substantial real estate is not an easy task, as you could appreciate. 
 
So again, like I said, since about more than a year, our Chairman has been very clear that we 
want to create this model, and we have created different structures to achieve this. Presently, as 
you know, as we have mentioned in our presentation, about 9% of our total AUM. The total 
AUM is about 3.23 million square feet.  
Out of that, about 9%, which is roughly around 270,000 square feet of area that we own as a 
freehold properties and rest are all our leasehold properties, which we've taken from the 
landlords. You would appreciate that when I'm obviously, when I have the properties under my 
own ownership, my margin profile increase substantially because I don't have to pay rentals, I 
don't have to go for escalations. 
 
What I have to probably pay for is the interest that I may pay for the debt that I've acquired, debt 
that I availed to acquire these properties. So in terms of margin profile, it helps me significantly, 
and that is you can see in the overall margin profile of my leasing business. So one of the critical 
reasons for kind of better margin sustaining ability for us is that about right now, about 9% of 
my portfolio is under ownership, and that is what we are trying to achieve it to up to 20%. 
 
And understand from 9%, if I take  I'm able to take it to up to 20%, then for 20% of my property, 
I'm not required to pay rent, but I'm just required to pay interest to the extent I have taken the 
debt or the borrowings that I've availed. So that kind of significantly adds on my bottom line, 
my margin. 
 
In terms of debt profile, yes, most of this property, we do about 20% to 15% of margin that we 
need to give to the banks and the financial institutions to acquire such properties. Balance is 
obviously funded through these banks and financial institutions. You would appreciate again 
that these assets generate a lot of lease revenue. And we, as a group also, has substantial free 
cash flow from the lease revenue available. 
 
So our ability to get debt at a very lowest rate possible because lease rental discounting, a product 
which is available for acquiring real estate is one of the cheapest product that one can really look 
at and we have been able to kind of now kind of consider that and able to kind of even avail 
property at a very competitive rates from the banks and the financial institutions. So my debt 
exposure, if you see, today, I'm owning about 270,000 square feet.  

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
On that, my debt is even not more than INR200 crores, which is primarily linked to the properties 
that I have acquired. That INR200 crores debt anyway, like I said, is being taken care through 
the cash flows that are generated from those properties or otherwise at a corporate level. 
 
And we will always maintain the kind of margin that at least 2.5x of the cash flow is always 
available for the total exposure that I have on the EMIs so that I never get into a stress situation 
from a debt perspective. If you look at my debt equity ratio today, that's just about 0.04, which 
is way below an ideal debt structure also one can look at from an organization point of view. So 
in that sense, we are fairly debt-light while acquiring and amassing these properties to our books, 
Mr. Mishra. 
Mohan Mishra: 
Great, great. Understood, understood. Another question I have on Design & Build vertical, 
which is showing a strong order book for now. We have discussed order book thing in the 
previous discussion as well. But how do you plan to leverage the cross-selling?Because I see 
there are lots of cross-selling between the three verticals. Can it accelerate your growth? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
100%, and that is the entire reason why this integrated business model has been created, where 
we are not just kind of creating kind of an anchor client between all the three verticals but we 
are also kind of able to kind of expand otherwise with the external parties. So I think the cross-
selling, like we do, let's say, from a Design & Build point of view to the landlords of the Leasing 
vertical or, let's say, from a Furniture point of view to the principles of the Design & Build 
contract awardee. 
So this cross-selling is very, very kind of part and parcel of our entire business model. And that 
gives us a stable contract and stable revenue, committed businesses across and also allows us to 
take those opportunities where we can expand rapidly without really worried about doing the 
breakeven at each vertical. So that kind of gives us a lot of freedom because we have that stability 
added to each vertical. And hence, we are able to grow substantially under each vertical, Mr. 
Mishra. 
Mohan Mishra: 
My last question is, in the next 3 years, how should us investors define EFC, a managed 
workspace platform, a design and build powerhouse or something else? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Mr. Mishra, I mean, that's an exciting question for all of us because we keep inventing, 
reinventing ourselves over the quarters, as you can probably see the way we are growing. But 
our like I said, our MD's vision is absolutely clear that we want to grow as a real estate as a 
service company. 
 
We want to establish the complete ecosystem for the real estate solution providing as our 
offering, and under all the three verticals, we don't distinguish between them. We see them as 
one. We would like to see them as one. And we would like investors also to tag us as a real estate 
as a service company, a unique proposition that we have created, a unique business model that 
we have created and look at us in that light, rate us in that light, give us the value proposition in 
that light and kind of be with us, support us over the years, please. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vandit from Sageone Investment. 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Vandit: 
Good Morning Everyone. Two questions. First on the... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Vandit, you are not audible to us. You need to increase your volume from 
your end. 
Vandit: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are. 
Vandit: 
Yes, two questions. First on the leasing business. So in our presentation, I see two figures. One 
is around 68,200 seats and the other is around 56,000 seats, 90% occupancy. So could you help 
me bridge these two numbers? And also help me tie up the inventory and under-development 
seats that we have mentioned around 6,000. So if you could help me tie up those numbers. 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Yes, surely. I mean, basically, when we talk about the total number of seats, which is like I 
mentioned, like you know that it's about 68,241, that is the seats which are total capacity 
available at our on the leasing vertical side, out of which roughly around, let's say, 55,924 seats 
are the seats which are presently getting billed, where my customers are sitting and I'm billing 
them. 
So the difference of roughly about 5,900 seats is the kind of a difference which is towards the 
capacity under development, which is what do I mean by capacity under development is where 
the construction work is going on and the handover is expected in next, kind of, let's say, 30 to 
45 days. And then there is an inventory of 6,400-odd seats, which is the kind of total number of 
seats which are contracted for, but where the development work is yet to start. 
 
So if I break down the complete thing, you have to do the three additions. 55,924 seats are the 
billed seats, then there is about 5,900 seats which are capacity under development. And then 
there is an inventory of about 6,417 seats, okay? So all this put together becomes about 68,241 
seats. And that's how and the vacancies is created based on the inventory and the billed seat, 
okay?So that's how the equation works, please. 
Vandit: 
So if I may put it that way, 56,000 55,924 is the operational seats right now? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Yes, there are seats which are getting built as we speak. 
Vandit: 
Right. So the 90% occupancy will be applied on 56,000 or 56,000 plus 6,400 of inventory? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Yes, 55,924 plus 6,417. That will be like a total capacity under operation. And on that, if you 
take 6,400, you'll get the we'll see that, that is about 10% vacancy that is what is there out of the 
total operational capacity. 
Vandit: 
So if I just do the back calculation, our average rent per seat comes out to be slightly higher than 
what is mentioned around INR7,000, comes slightly higher than that. So any color on that? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Yes. So listen, I mean, what happens is that average rental is obviously  it's a function of where 
some of the earlier my seats, which I would have leased out in like I mentioned also, the 45 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
months is my contract tenure, right, with my enterprise clients. So now I would have contracted 
with them, let's say, in 2022, 2023 or 2021 also.  
So the rates at that point of time would be much different than probably the rate at which I'm 
contracting today. Today, my contract rates are not less than INR7,500 or maybe even sometimes 
more than INR8,000 per seat. But on an average out basis, that's how we have given a range. It's 
something in the range of INR6,750 to INR7,250.  
Yes, if you do a pure calculation, you may come up with a rental I mean, average of about 
INR7,500 plus kind of a number. But that is, again, like I said, it is there is a lot of dependency 
on at what point of time the seats have come into billing point of view. They might be contracted, 
the billing might have started 15 days later.  
Revenue might have got realized accordingly. So if you do a simple division on the total rental 
by total seats, you may not get the right average seat rate. But based on the weighted average 
that we calculate and based on the overall average that we arrive at, that is the range that what 
we have mentioned in our presentation is the correct number to really refer to at this point of 
time. 
But as I said, currently and in the current situation, we are doing over INR7,500 per seat kind of 
a rate that we are achieving. On an average basis, that is the range, as mentioned in the 
presentation of INR6,750 to INR7,250, that's what we achieve. 
Vandit: 
Got it. That was pretty helpful. My second question is slightly broader, which is around the cash 
flow. So even on an H1 basis with a 70% increase in EBITDA, our net OCF has remained largely 
similar. And with taking in account the INR65 crores, INR66 crores of rental payments, is 
actually slightly negative. And there are high amounts of receivables and INR125 crores of 
IndAS noncash item, as mentioned. So if you could help me understand the cash flow and any 
outlook on how do you see the cash flow going forward? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Sir, I mean, you would appreciate that broadly, all my three of my businesses are very capex-
light businesses in that sense, if you look at it the way the business models are defined, except 
for the property acquisition we do, right, but obviously, both Design & Build and the Furniture 
vertical, which now today, if you see, roughly contributes 50% of my total revenue, they are 
quite working capital-heavy businesses.  
And in the current circumstances, we don't have any working capital significant leverages, which 
we are already in process of planning. Once we are able to kind of plan our working capital with 
winning a substantial working capital facilities from the banks, etc., which is, like I said, is in 
process, our ability to kind of improve on the working capital cycle will become much better, 
and that will have an impact on my operating cash flow as well. 
 
But otherwise, like I said, the free cash flow that I generate from my leasing vertical also, to 
some extent, get ploughed in to kind of support the working capital requirement at a holding 
company level in terms of the different verticals that I operate. So broadly, that's where if I have 
to give you a fundamental answer to this question, obviously, we can get into detail on each item 
and explain to you and give you a reconciliation on how the cash flow is operating. 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
But broadly, like I said, that's where the cash flow works, where the leasing vertical will 
contribute substantially while both the other verticals will have some sort of working capital 
deployment, which will have a little kind of impact on my overall operating cash flow that I 
generate.  
But on an overall basis, like I said, it's just a question of a lag because depending upon a 
particular point of time, the contract getting completed, the revenue getting realized, some 
because these are all like a running build concept when it comes to the Design & Build and when 
it comes to the furniture manufacturing, there are certain credits, which are obviously granted 
under the industry. 
 
So all that factors taken into consideration, overall, the cash flow looks positive to us, except for 
the working capital deployment that is required primarily. I will be in a position to answer this 
question in more detail if you allow me to kind of give you more clarification specific which 
you require, if any, apart from this clarification that I've given right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus AMC. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Hi,Am I audible? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Yes. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. Sorry sir, I just joined the call a bit late. So pardon me if this 
question was already asked. But if you can help me understand this new rental leasing venture 
that we are getting into in terms of unit economics or how it will function, what kind of revenue 
targets we are trying to achieve in the next 1 to 2 years? And what kind of margin profile would 
this business have? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Mr. Nikhil, yes, I mean we did address, but I mean I would certainly answer your question is 
that, number one, the business that we are getting into, yes, it's an exciting opportunity that we 
look at it. At this point of time, give you any estimates, give you any kind of targets for that 
would be a little difficult for me in this quarter. 
 
Maybe in the upcoming quarter, I would be able to specify in terms of numbers, and also the 
margin profile because I mean, we do have our own estimates, our own budgeting around that, 
but we would certainly like to test the market and look at how we are able to kind of achieve 
those targeted numbers. 
 
But rest assured, as an organization, we will certainly not work at a margin profile which affects 
the overall margin profile as an organization, number one. Number two, as a business model, 
just to clarify and put it to you is that we are going to kind of tie up with large corporates who 
have retail presence across India, who are looking at who have kind of a retail presence of more 
than 5,000 square feet of a single location, and they are in multiple cities. 
 
I will be able to leverage all three of my verticals, my strength under all three of my verticals in 
terms of property identification, in terms of design and building and in terms of furniture 
providing to this retail outlets, and helping them to become capex-light and focus on their core 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
businesses, which is what obviously is the core mantra behind this entire flex office business, 
and that is what we are trying to achieve through that. 
 
What we are trying to achieve and how we look at this business is that at the end of the day, we 
are acquiring substantial square feet AUM under our management either through retail tie-ups, 
through these corporate tie ups that we do for the retail chains or through the co-working spaces 
that we offer.  
So at the end of the day, that is the business target. Our margin profile broadly, we would like 
to keep around the same margin profile. But like I said, allow us a quarter or so to mature this 
particular vertical, and see that how we can grow further and achieve the similar kind of margins 
or better margins under this vertical. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir, just one clarification over here. This is going to be a property which we first will lease from 
the landlord and then pass it on to the retail or we are going to look at ownership of any 
properties? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
No, certainly, this will be more or less kind of getting on the complete lease model only where 
we will kind of take it from the landlord on lease and develop them, maintain them, handle the 
facilities, kind of do the repair and maintenance, etc, required from time to time. And that's what 
we'll do. 
 
Certainly, we'll not look at to begin with on ownership model as we have done in our all other 
different business verticals that our capex exposure would be limited. And we'd rather kind of 
focus on facility side and providing the complete solution to them so that they can focus on their 
core business. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood. Sir, secondly, just another clarification, in our rental business, as you mentioned, 
9% of the areas which we own directly and we want to increase this to 20% is something which 
I've heard. Now my understanding was that you are trying to take the freehold properties and 
put it in the REIT business if I'm not wrong. So is that how it works or how do we see. 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
No, I mean, absolutely, if you have I mean we've been very clear from day 1 when we have kind 
of got into even creating the REIT structure, and we have maintained it very clearly that, listen, 
to the extent my balance sheet would permit, I will acquire the property on my balance sheet 
because it is necessary for me for two reasons.  
One is to create value for my company, the appreciation that you get in the property pricing, and 
also those property would enable me to kind of leverage those properties and raise some debt 
whenever required for the company to maintain the ideal debt equity structure from an 
organization point of view. 
 
But as an organization, I cannot build a multi-crore asset ownership structure under my own 
company in a very in a fashion where next 4 to 5 years, I'll be able to build that structure. And 
to enable me to do that, we have created this REIT structure where at least, we are ensuring that 
there is an AUM which is coming under our management. 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
So that's where the OpCo-PropCo model will work where either the property ownership will go 
on my own balance sheet or on the balance sheet of the REITs which I'm managing. And my 
operating companies will manage either the REIT or the properties, even if I'm also owning. So 
the entities under my company, which is owning my own property, they will act like a landlord 
internally, you appreciate.  
And from a REIT point of view also, REIT also will act like a landlord. As far as my operating 
company, which is, let's say, the EFC Limited, operating company will keep managing these 
properties as a managed office solution, under the managed office solution vertical and offering 
those solution across. 
 
So the ownership of the property to the extent my balance sheet permits will be acquired under 
my balance sheet. If not, then they will acquire through the REIT structure, wherein I will invite 
investors to participate and create an ecosystem where they get the rental yield. On the other 
hand, the EFC investor gets the revenue off managed office business because anyway, those 
assets are being managed under the operating companies. I hope I'm clear on this, sir. 
Nikhil Gada: 
I got that. So just sort of asking it differently, when you say that we want to make that 20% of 
our total AUM, can you give a breakup if there's something which is there in mind, how much 
would be through the EFC structure and how much would it be through the REIT structure? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
No. This entire 20%, I'm saying is through EFC structure only. And this is the target that we 
have, okay? So right now, like I said, it is 3.23 million, correct. Now this 3.23 million, as you 
know, that every year is growing. My AUM normally, every year is growing. If you look at 
20,000 seats are adding every year. So obviously, the AUM is growing. 
 
What we are talking about is to achieve a kind of a rate where at least 20% of the total AUM 
which EFC is managing should be under our own ownership so that we are able to achieve a 
better margin, also able to create an appreciation potential and also able to kind of create a better 
leverage potential. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood. Sir, just a couple of more questions, if I may. Firstly, sir, in terms of the rental 
business margins, we are already much better than most of our peers. So I think you sort of 
alluded that because we have 9% of our own properties as well. But apart from this, are there 
any other specific reasons where we are doing much better margins compared to peers? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
There are three, four very obvious and significant reasons. One is, number one, we are not into 
the revenue share model. We are into straight lease models. That kind of adds to your margins 
much better because then your revenue, your profit margins are not shared with the landlord, 
number one.  
Number two, we have this integrated business model, which enables largely to the leasing 
business because you please appreciate that the margin that we were otherwise passing on, on 
the Design & Build and on the Furniture to the third parties now retain at the group level. So 
that enables the leasing vertical to get much, much, much stronger and much profitable.  

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Thirdly, the property ownership also adds to my margins. You would appreciate that at the end 
of the day, only the interest cost, which will get accounted for while I don't have to pay out the 
rentals on these properties. And that kind of adds to the obviously, the bottom line and the 
margin. 
 
So some of these factors put together really help me to improve my margin much better. And 
the core of our company kind of philosophy, we are always very cost conscious. You would 
appreciate as a first-generation entrepreneurs, we were always in scarcity of kind of having a 
free cash flow or free flow of funds from only with the grace now that we've got such strong 
investors with us that we are kind of backing us.  
But otherwise, we have been always conscious of the fact that the cost control is one of the most 
significant aspect, and that also adds up to my margin profile overall. So I think these four, five 
factors significantly contribute. I mean, I can list down many. But I mean on a fundamental level, 
if I have to kind of tell you, these are four, five points which really can add up to a margin profile 
of 10% plus/minus easily than the peers that may be operating in the market. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Understood. And sir, one last question. Your Design & Build margins for the quarter we've been 
going while it's been a bit volatile across quarters, but I think we're fairly safe to assume that we 
can do 27%, 28% margin is what is visible. But now this quarter, we are at 24%. So any specific 
reason? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
No. I mean, Mr. Nikhil, I've always explained that it depends upon the nature of business 
contracts that we have been executing in that particular quarter. So obviously, that is one of the 
significant reason, but on an overall basis, like we know that we will be able to maintain the 
margin profile that we've been maintaining in a particular quarter because of certain specific 
type of so this, if you can see also that there are there is a jump in my indirect cost also on other 
expenses also.  
And that is also attributable to certain specific type of expenses that I had to incur for this new 
contracts that I was executing under the Design & Build and which had a little pressure on my 
EBITDA from the Design & Build vertical, which is kind of which can be which would 
definitely not be a consistent phenomenon because this is a very typical nature of certain 
contracts that we executed.  
We executed certain energy sector businesses where the certain specific requirements were 
there, some specific skill sets were required to be acquired. And once we have acquired it, now 
I don't need to acquire it again and again. And in a way, if you look at it, this is kind of a onetime 
expenses, but from an accounting point of view, I could not classify it like onetime expenses, 
and hence, I need to take consider it under our overall other expenses and the jump and hence, 
the pressure on the EBITDA for this quarter on the Design & Build vertical margins. 
Nikhil Gada: 
So the sustainable margins are 25%, 26% in this business? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Absolutely.  
Nikhil Gada:                          Great. Thank you so much and all the best. 

EFC (I) Limited 
November 12, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Nikhil Bhuta:                         Thank you so much Mr. Nikhil.   
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aayush Saboo from Choice Institutional Equities. 
Aayush Saboo: 
Yes, congrats on a great set of numbers. So actually, my main question has already been 
answered pertaining to the retail D&B that we plan to flow in. But also, if you could just confirm, 
the 90% utilization that you mentioned, this is on the total billed seats, right, or on the total 
capacity seats? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
No, total operational seats. So the 90% is the total operational seats, which is, let's say, 55,924 
plus 6,417 the inventory. So that is roughly around, let's say, around 62,000-plus kind of seats. 
On that, if you calculate, you will achieve the number of 90% plus occupancy. 
Aayush Saboo: 
Okay. So the total billable seats plus the seats in inventory, our total seat capacity, 90%, that is 
the 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Yes, yes. 
Aayush Saboo: 
Okay. And also, do we see do we still maintain INR400 crores turnover, I mean, guidance for 
the D&B vertical or do we see any upside relating to that, any possible upside? 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Aayush, I mean, we've been I mean, rather believing now in terms of delivering the results rather 
than getting into any guidances. But you see, this year, like I've already explained, we have 
achieved in half year a turnover of INR196 crores. I have already order book, which is, I said 
combinedly INR450 crores, out of which the new order book that we have received this quarter 
was INR145 crores. So we are really confident to grow at the rate, at the overall growth rate that 
we've been talking about of 50%, 60% plus at least and we are confident that we will be able to 
run with this run rate for the next couple of years for sure, Aayush. 
Aayush Saboo: 
Okay. So our guidance remains intact? Thankyou. 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Bhuta for closing comments. 
Nikhil Bhuta: 
Thank you so much. And first of all, again, thank you so much to come and participate in the 
Q2 half yearly conference call today. As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
now hand after the on behalf of EFC Limited, I would like to thank you all of us for joining. 
 
And we will strive hard in achieving what we are set out here for and we'll ensure that all the 
three verticals kind of work in tandem, not just help each other, but grow independently and 
achieve the kind of vision and goal set by our MD Mr. Umesh Sahay and work for the betterment 
of the company and achieve the success that it deserves. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of EFC India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
