 
 
12th November, 2025. 
 
The National Stock Exchange of  
 
   Corporate Relationship Dept., 
India Limited,   
 
 
        
   Bombay Stock Exchange limited, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
 
 
 
   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),         
   Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 051.   
    
        
   Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Conference Call held on 10th November, 2025.  
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the conference call for investors and 
analysts held by Venky’s (India) Limited on Monday, 10th November, 2025 at 02.30 P.M. 
IST.  
 
Kindly take the said information on your record and acknowledge the receipt. 
 
 
FOR VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
ROHAN BHAGWAT 
COMPANY SECRETARY &  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl:  As above 
Rohan Ajay 
Bhagwat
Digitally signed by 
Rohan Ajay Bhagwat 
Date: 2025.11.12 
17:19:02 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Venky's India Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. N. K. TOSHNIWAL – GENERAL MANAGER, OIL 
SEED SEGMENT – VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK KHOSLA – GENERAL MANAGER, AHP 
SEGMENT – VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. J. K. HANDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VENKY'S LIMITED 
MR. NITESH GANDHI -- AUTHORIZED 
REPRESENTATIVE – VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PROBAL SEN – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Venky's Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Probal Sen from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Probal Sen: 
Yes. Thank you so much. Good afternoon, gentlemen and ladies. Thank you for making the 
time to attend this post Q2 results briefing of Venky's. With us, we have members of the senior 
management from the company, including Mr. J.K. Handa, who is the Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. N.K. Toshniwal, the GM of the Oilseeds segment; and Mr. Deepak Khosla of the AHP 
segment, alongside Mr. Nitesh Gandhi, authorized representative for the company. 
The format is the same as always, we would hand over to the management for their opening 
remarks, post which we'll have an interactive Q&A session. So I'll just hand it over without 
further ado to the management. Over to you, sir. 
Management: 
Thank you, Mr. Hardik and Mr. Probal. A very good afternoon, and thank you all for joining 
us today for this conference call of Venky's India Limited. The company had published the 
financial results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2025, along with the 
information for investors on 7th of November. 
I hope you all have gone through the same. Today, we have with us the heads to answer all 
your queries in respect of their respective segments and the area of operations. Before we start 
discussing the company's performance, I would like to mention that some statements made in 
today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. 
After the end of this call, in case you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to 
the Investor Relations team. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Jiwan Handa, our CFO, to make the opening comments. 
Over to you, Mr. Handa. 
J.K. Handa: 
Good afternoon, everybody, and a very warm welcome to all our shareholders and investors. 
I'm Jiwan Handa, CFO. We are meeting today to discuss on the Venky's earnings call for the 
quarter and half year ended September 2025. I hope you have gone through the audited results 
and also the detailed information to investors. 
For the quarter ended September '25, the company's financial performance was affected mainly 
due to the unexpected fall in the profit margins to the poultry and poultry products segment. 
Sales turnover as well as profitability was affected to the lower realization, basically the lower 
realization in day old broiler chicks in CBF Birds and Broiler Hatching Eggs, all this has 
affected to the top line as well as the bottom line. 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 3 of 17 
 
This is mainly also due to the festival during this period, which is like Ganesh Chaturthi, 
Navratri, Pitrapaksh and abnormal rains and flooding in the northern region where the 
company operation is there. 
 
The Animal Health Products segment has registered satisfactory performance. Performance of 
Oilseed segment continued to improve. Recently, improvement in realization is visible. And 
with the onset of winter, we hope to see better performance. With this briefing, our senior 
management is available here to answer all your questions. 
You may go ahead with questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Ankit Kapoor, an individual investor. 
Ankit Kapoor: 
Sir, first of all, congratulations for the worst performance you have posted for this quarter once 
again, right? And for your record, your company has become the worst performer in stock 
market. I mean, who has invested 7 years ago, INR10 lakhs in your company, his money has 
become almost INR7 lakh now even after 7 years. 
So first of all, congratulations to the whole management team and to the promoter, okay? And 
if you can't handle the poultry business, why don't you just demerge the animal health care 
business from the poultry one? I mean, quarter after quarter, your company is posting losses 
and you're eroding shareholders wealth. 
And management is not able to come on the con-call, Mr. Desai and Mr. Rao. I mean I don't 
understand what kind of company are you? So I don't know as an investor where my money 
will go. Okay. Your share is trading at all-time low now. So I don't know where the business is 
going. I don't know. So I just want answers from the management team on a serious note. 
Management: 
We have taken note of your comments, and we'll get back to you shortly on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kiran from TableTree Capital. 
Kiran: 
Congratulations on a decent set of results, especially in Animal Health. Sir, I have one 
strategic question and one about specific question. The strategic question essentially is that it's 
been 8 years since we saw the cycle in poultry that's been happening. 
Is this the longest because you guys are experienced and we know too much about the cycles 
and everything else compared to us. So is this the longest you have seen before the poultry 
cycle plays out? 
Do you think the cycle is taking longer because more -- in terms of animal health, there has 
been more protection, more hygiene and therefore, the cycles are taking longer to play out in 
terms of shortages and everything else? If you could just give a strategic overview around this 
poultry cycle per se because it's been 8 years, it would be very helpful for us as investors to 
have the right expectations? 
Management: 
Handa, You will be responding? 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 4 of 17 
 
J.K. Handa: 
Yes, yes. I am responding. Mr. Kiran. In regard to the poultry cycle and poultry-related 
segment, see, every year, the first quarter remains good. The second quarter becomes bad due 
to the festivals involved during this segment. But this particular year, the prices were 
unexpectedly poor, lower than the market expectation, market requirement. This may be due to 
the demand and supply also. 
But due to the poor prices, the entire thing has messed up during the second quarter, which was 
not expected to the management also. If we see the broiler chicks, broiler bird and broiler 
hatching, even we have a pack production in line. But due to the poor prices, the segment has 
reported very bad. 
And due to this only, there's a huge amount of losses. But if we compare with the numbers 
which we are having and the drop in the prices, even if we compare with the previous year, it's 
a huge amount to the extent of INR140 crores. 
So it is not like that this has happened for the first time. It is happening every time. But this 
year, it is -- I mean, prices-wise, it is low what we expected normally in the second quarter. 
Thank you. 
Kiran: 
Got it, sir. No, sir, I was not really asking about quarter-wise. We understand the cyclicality in 
Venky's in terms of Q2 being the lowest, right? But my question was larger in terms of -- 
because you guys have 20, 30, 40 years of experience, much more than some of our ages. I 
was just asking if the poultry cycle, 8 years is a very long cycle before the prices perk up or is 
it reasonable? 
Is it every 8 years or every 6- to 8-year cycle, you have the general poultry cycle where prices 
go up? Or you're saying the cycle is longer this time because the hygiene standards in India 
have gone up, the medicines to poultry have gone up, and therefore, there are very little 
shortages that are coming through because of this. I was asking a larger question, sir. It's not 
about a quarter-to-quarter. 
J.K. Handa: 
No, that is all right. That is all right. But again, in the poultry also, there are different segments 
like layer segment, which is having a seasonal period differently. In the winter season, the 
prices are good. In the summer season, the prices are little on the poor side. But in terms of our 
business, since we are selling the day old chicks in this month, April, May, June is a fantastic 
month. 
I mean, in terms of layer segment, whereas the broiler segment is also good in terms of market 
rate and all in April, May normally. But as the summer starts, 2, 3 factors come into the 
picture. 
Summer -- extreme summer affects the product safety, which increased the cost as well as a 
lower realization. But in terms of layer segment is differently behaving. Layer segment goes 
off-season goes starting from July onwards till even December, January. So this is a separate 
segment. 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Broiler is a separate segment which is in general in all the years. But this year, the prices and 
the productivity on account of the -- I mean, weather conditions and all has affected a very low 
realization as well as the number. 
Kiran: 
Got it, sir. Got it. And sir, given we are mid-November almost, do you see the prices 
improving post Diwali? 
J.K. Handa: 
See, from -- even in the October, after Dussehra, Diwali, and Chhath Puja, which has come in 
1 month only in the month of October, in spite of that, the prices which were expected to 
increase from Dussehra onwards, it was not. Even after Diwali, it was not. But only in the last 
week of October, the prices have started moving positively in our favor. And presently, the 
prices are good, which is -- I mean, over the production cost, more than the production cost, 
which has started in the last week of October onwards, which was also expected a little early, 
but that has not happened. 
Kiran: 
Got it, sir. My last question on Animal Health, sir, in terms of -- because you've been growing 
that portfolio relentlessly and it's very good. One, do you see animal health, given that now we 
have established a brand and everything else? 
Do you see the progress of revenue on Animal Health accelerating from here on? Or do you 
still think it will grow in the 12% to 15% range in terms of revenue, sir, forget about 
profitability. 
In terms of revenue, do you still see 12% to 15% growth? Or do you see a little more 
exponential of 20% to 25% growth in Animal Health products? And how much of Animal 
Health revenue is captive and how much is non-captive? Those are my 2 questions on Animal 
Health. 
Deepak Khosla: 
Yes. It's Deepak Khosla here. In case of the Animal Health business, it's very consistent and 
growing year after the year, given the profitability as well as the top line. But it all depends on 
the poultry and live businesses. If you see that the poultry cost of production and selling price 
of the birds, the margins are tight or margins are a little negative. Definitely, it gives a pressure 
on the collection, dues, there will definitely be a pressure on that. 
But overall animal health business, we have commissioned our project last year, the new unit 
at Kesavadi, which is definitely adding value to our system, and we are bringing a lot of new 
product line, which is very tuned to the kind of a natural solution, which is required in today's 
poultry scenario. 
And definitely, these product line will definitely give us a quite edge in the coming years. And 
we are very confident that this business will definitely keep on growing this financial year 
also. 
 
Last year, we closed something at INR335 crores. This year, we are hoping to cross INR370 
crores, INR380 crores in the year-end further. And next year also, as some new things are in 
line, things will definitely happen good for this. Definitely from animal health business, it's a 
very stable business. 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 6 of 17 
 
It's not directly related to the poultry production cost and all because we have to take care of 
health of the bird, whether the price is low and if the prices are high. So that's where overall 
come into the picture, and we'll see that in the coming year also, it will be very stable business. 
I hope I have answered your question, please. 
Kiran: 
Sure, sir. Last captive and noncaptive sir. 
J.K. Handa: 
I'll reply that. In the outside customer, it is to the extent of 45% is the business. And in the 
group companies, it is 55% business of that AHP segment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I wanted to understand the realization per kg of broiler of DOC and of maize, soya and 
cost of production per kg for Q2? 
J.K. Handa: 
Okay. Mr. Garg, as far as the prices are concerned, day old broiler chick prices for this half 
year period in 9 months -- 6-month period is INR26.48 per chick, whereas the previous year, 
the same period of 6 months, it was INR37.22. That means there is a decline of INR10.74 per 
chick in broiler chick segment, day old chick segment. 
As far as the layer chick segment in this 6 months, it is INR45.39 and whereas the last year, it 
was INR43.14 and there is an increase of INR2.25 per chick price realization increase. In 
regard to the CBF bird per kg realization for this 6-month period is INR80.57, whereas in the 
last 6 months period, it is INR98.50 which means there is a decline of INR17.93, there is a 
decrease of INR17.93 per kg broiler chick -- broiler bird. 
 
In regard to the broiler hatching eggs, it was earlier INR17.02 -- this 6-month period, it is 
INR17.02 whereas the last 6 months, it was INR27.81 -- so there is a decline of INR10.79 per 
broiler hatching eggs. Similarly, in the case of DOC, the realization is INR33,571 per ton, 
whereas last 6 months, it was INR39,477 per ton. 
In regard to the refined oil per metric ton is INR122,462, whereas last year, it was INR96,670 
per metric ton. So these are the prices. In regard to the SPF, it was INR78.23 in this 6 months, 
whereas last year, it was INR78.58. There is a negligible reduction to the extent of INR0.34 in 
the SPF prices. I hope I have given all the prices of all the major segment of the poultry. 
Keshav Garg: 
No. But what about per kg price of maize and soya and cost of production per kg of broiler. 
J.K. Handa: 
The average rate for the maize -- maize for this 6-month period is INR25,290 per metric ton is 
the maize price. For the corresponding period, it was INR26,421 per ton maize prices. There is 
a reduction to the extent of INR1,131. 
In regard to the soya, the price of this 6 months is average of INR36,154 per ton, whereas last 
year, it was INR43,316 per ton soya prices. So there is a reduction of INR7,163 per ton soya 
prices -- soya meal prices. As far as our costing is concerned of CBF bird -- CBF bird it is 
almost INR85 -- INR86 per kg is the production cost of commercial broiler bird for this 6-
month period, whereas the last time, it was again on the similar line, almost INR86, INR87. 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, and this is for H1, what about Q2 numbers, Q2 realization of broiler DOC, broiler per kg 
and cost of production of Q2? 
J.K. Handa: 
This I have given the 6-month data -- half yearly data versus half yearly data. 
Keshav Garg: 
Yes, I know that. But what about second quarter because the losses in the second quarter are 
the highest. First quarter was almost breakeven for the poultry segment. 
J.K. Handa: 
Okay. I'll try to find out just quickly for this quarter results for the broiler chicks part is 
concerned. 
Keshav Garg: 
So, sir will it not be better if you could just provide all this information in the investor 
presentation for the benefit of all the investors. But in any case, sir, now the thing is that now 
poultry realizations are low for everybody, not especially for Venky's. So how is it that Godrej 
Agrovet poultry segment is breaking even comfortably? 
J.K. Handa: 
See, as far as the Godrej Agrovet, they are having the different geographical area for the 
operation, whereas Venky's is having a different geographical area for the operation in terms of 
broiler bird. We are operating from Jammu Kashmir to Bihar as per our business -- Jammu 
Kashmir, Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan and as well as the West. 
Whereas that Godrej Agrovet is not having the operation in regard to the broiler chicks or 
broiler bird or layer chicks in this area -- in this geographical area. As far as your suggestion in 
regard to provide the data in the results, that we will take up the matter with the management 
and Board. 
Keshav Garg: 
Okay, sir. So this quarterly data, you can kindly post call, you can send me? 
J.K. Handa: 
You can note down the second quarter data is also available. Commercial broiler chicks rate is 
INR21.42, layer chicks rate is just INR45 per chick. As a commercial broiler chicks rate, 
INR71.27 and broiler hatching it is INR18.96. The major four segments because the losses are 
in the broiler segment only chicks as well as the birds. So that I have provided to you the data 
for the second quarter only. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, now recently, maize and soya prices both are trading below MSP. I understand maize 
prices have declined from INR24, INR25 kg to something like INR18 kg. Can you confirm 
that? 
J.K. Handa: 
It is true. The soybean and maize, both the prices are -- even the Bajra, even the pulses, all in 
October, they have traded 25% below the MSP prices in the whole country. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, so that being the case, now are we seeing some spreads improving? And do you think in 
the second half of this financial year, the poultry segment will be able to make some money? 
J.K. Handa: 
Yes, sir. We are sure of that because we are having the pack production and the realization also 
seems to be better from the October last week onwards till date, things are very much positive 
and better. And hopefully, we'll cover up the -- not only the losses, we will try to make the 
money also because we are having the pack production with us. 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, now since our parent company has 75% market share in this parent bird placement, sir, so 
from that only, you can have some idea that whether there will be an oversupply in the 
industry or undersupply. So why is it so difficult for us, I mean, because if the parent bird 
placements are more than what the demand is, then prices will go down and vice versa. Sir, so 
as per the parent bird placements, what is the demand-supply equation like? 
J.K. Handa: 
Mr. Garg, as far as the parent placement is concerned, that is very much as per planning as per 
-- I mean, earlier period also. But what is happening in the poultry, like this festival season has 
come, for example, that today, the total availability of the material is -- there is 1 lakh kg 
material available. If the demand is there for those things, naturally, that material will be sold 
out at a normal average weight, maybe 2.2 kg and all. But if the price is not in favor, so people 
will try to postpone the requirement. 
So then in that case, the bird getting high body weight. So 2.2, it goes to even 2.4, 2.5 without 
having the parent placement in place though it is in place, the availability of the material goes 
up because the material movement is not as per the expectation due to the abnormality like 
festivals and many other things. 
So that hampered the demand supply situation anywhere in any geographical area. So that's the 
reason in spite of having many positive factors, this is not -- I mean, there, which could be, I 
mean, forecasted well. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, now lastly, our stock price as the initial investor also, he lamented about the wealth 
destruction of the shareholders. Sir, so the things that are not in our hand, we can't do anything 
about festivals, price of maize and so on but things that are in the control of management, at 
least do that, at least return the money of the company, which is due from the promoters and 
why not use that money to do a share buyback and the promoter holding can increase from the 
current level of 56% to 75%. 
Sir, will that not basically be more beneficial for the promoter group rather than just not 
returning the money of the listed entity, which anyway puts pressure on the stock price due to 
poor corporate governance. So kindly convey this message to the promoters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. 
Akhil Parekh: 
My first question is on the poultry segment. If I look at the EBIT losses, right, of around 
INR58 crores. These are kind of record losses we have seen in this segment over the last 5 
years and barring 4Q of FY '20, which was a COVID-impacted year. So there is definitely 
something to do in this business, and it's not just limited to the early festive season. 
So our channel checks are indicating that there is a substantial increase in the competitive 
intensity in the poultry segment. If you can please confirm that and how is the supply-demand 
situation right now in the poultry segment? That's my first question. 
J.K. Handa: 
As far as the demand-supply situation on the poultry and poultry products is concerned, layer 
segment is quite stable and behaving very well in spite of having early losses. In regard to the 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 9 of 17 
 
broiler, it has started very well in the first quarter as April and May, it went very well as per 
our expectation. 
But from June onwards till October last week, it is not as per the expectation. Though the 
second quarter always remain problematic due to the many conditions, many circumstances. 
But this was -- this year, this quarter was quite low on the front of the realization and demand 
supply situation. 
When the material is in -- I mean, the lower range or the rates get down, the buyer is also 
postponing their purchases. So ultimately, it is affecting the body weight, it is affecting the 
supply available. So hopefully, from October last week onwards, things are improved, not only 
in the northern region where the major operation is there of the company as well as the rest of 
operation. 
 
But all over India, things are improved. Hopefully, the material is also moving, and there will 
be a good price -- constant price would be there up till March onwards -- up till March. 
Akhil Parekh: 
So sir, just to reconfirm what we are indicating is it has -- it is more to do with the seasonal 
nature and there is no structural change in the competitive intensity in this segment. Is that 
understanding correct? 
J.K. Handa: 
Yes. Yes, it is there. Yes. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. So now given that the festive season is over, what you are suggesting is second half 
should definitely have far better realization and hence, operating profitability in the poultry 
segment. 
J.K. Handa: 
Looks like that. It looks like that. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sure. Sir, second question on the raw material pricing trend, right? You indicated that maize 
and soya prices are in a declining range. So should we see the benefit of raw material in the 
second half of this year? 
N.K.Toshniwal: 
Yes, I think the things are positive as far as the raw material prices are concerned. And we feel 
this is likely to -- the situation is likely to continue for some more time because agri business 
internationally taking a shift from the U.S. dominated to now Brazil, Argentine and China. So I 
think the agriculture situation, we see that there will be a lot of easy things now. And poultry 
will be able to take benefit of it. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sure. Third and last question on the oilseed business, right? I mean business has seen some 
improvement over the last 3 quarters. The EBIT margins are now close to 3%. Do you -- what 
are some of the factors if you would like to highlight, which is preventing us to reach the 
previous level of 4.5%, 5.5% of EBIT margins we have seen in this segment? 
N.K.Toshniwal: 
There are 2 things are taking place. One thing, the soybean, which is a raw material for the 
company, that has grown by the minimum support price. And material is already trading below 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 10 of 17 
 
almost 20%, 25% below MSP. So the possibility of getting a good margins happens only when 
there is upward trend in the market. 
Here, the prices are already trading below MSP. The farmers have the resistance to hold the 
material also. And the margin also declined. Why the prices are low because demand is not 
there. That's the reason. And when the demand is low and the price is downward, I think 
keeping that margin itself is a challenge. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sure. So is it a fair understanding like if the maize and soya prices go up, it's only then we'll 
see the improvement in the margins for this segment? 
N.K.Toshniwal: 
It is not the prices because what happened, the soybean prices are connected with the 2 things. 
One is the oil, one is the DOC both. So as far as the oil prices are concerned, already that is 
contributing to the inflation, it is under watch with the government. So there's not much room 
for the oil prices to go up. DOC prices are already trading at a very lowest level. 
So prices are not likely to move with both the segments. And another thing that we are -- that 
the USA, our tariff discussions are pending. So there's a quite uncertainty about the soya 
factor, what kind of a treaty, what kind of a tariff arrangements are going to take place with the 
USA. So I think maybe after November, the oil situation will become very clear. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sir, if the U.S. imports are allowed, will that be a beneficial situation for us? 
N.K.Toshniwal: 
No, not at all. Because today, what happened, we are importing about 70% of edible oil of 
India's requirement, mainly dominated by the palm oil, which is a cheaper option. And soya oil 
is imported from the Argentina. If government has to support the U.S.A. tariff, then the soya 
tariff has to come down, and that has to sell below palm oil prices. So that will be a negative 
for the Indian soya bean farmers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, now in the newspapers, they are saying that the negotiations between Indo U.S. is moving 
towards India permitting imports of GM corn for ethanol blending and exporting the DDGS so 
that the GM this thing does not contaminate the food chain. Sir, so assuming that this happens, 
then will this be beneficial for the poultry industry? Because I understand that our poultry 
division is being hit by high maize prices, whereas the Oilseed division is suffering due to the 
cheaper DDGS, which is a substitute to DOC cakes. 
N.K.Toshniwal: 
See, there are 2 things are there. One thing, the -- you are right that there is a talk that the corn 
import will be allowed for the ethanol manufacturing. But the compatibility of exporting 
DDGS is not there because the transportation logistic cost is very -- is going to be double 
logistic cost. So we will not be able to export the DDGS from India at a profit or at a 
competitive prices. So that aspect is, I think, is in question. 
Government has taken two actions in last about 1 or 1.5 months that the product which are in 
competition with the DDGS, one is the dual rice bran, they have permitted the exports of that. 
Second thing is a wheat brand that is again a competitor for the DDGS has been allowed to 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 11 of 17 
 
export now. But I think both of them have not given a very good results. The DDGS is widely 
available in the America at a much cheaper prices. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir so we don't have to export the DDGS to America. We can export it to any country which is 
tolerating GM food, GM crop. 
N.K.Toshniwal: 
The America can export why the India -- because India has to export corn, produce it here and 
then again, export DDGS, which is logistically expensive. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, even to the nearby subcontinent country, like, let's say, to Bangladesh also, we can't export 
or Sri Lanka, so we cannot export DDGS? 
N.K.Toshniwal: 
No, we cannot why the U.S. -- it can come directly from the U.S. to Sri Lanka. Why it has to 
be routed through India. And recently, the Bangladesh has already signed the agreement where 
they have said that they will be doing the soybean share of $1 billion. Now whatever the soya 
DOC India was exporting to Bangladesh is also has come to a standstill. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, just wanted to understand with declining raw material prices, how are the realizations 
expected maybe over the next 1 or 2 quarters? And sir, generally, does a decline in raw 
material lead to a realization decline for broiler birds as well as chicks? 
J.K. Handa: 
Yes. So as far as the broiler chick prices are concerned, broiler bird prices are concerned, your 
-- I mean, those are getting a decent -- I mean, over the cost of production nowadays from 
October onwards, it is expected to be there in the coming year also up to March because those 
is the consumption period and having a decent climatic condition in favor of the poultry also. 
So in that case, the -- what was your question in this regard sorry? 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand regarding the realization and spreads because if raw material prices 
are declining, sir, won't that reflect in our realizations going forward? 
J.K. Handa: 
See the cost of production is almost to the same range, that is INR85 to INR87 during this 
period also and earlier period also, which is likely to be remaining. The major and important 
factor is the realization. 
As I told you, even in this 6-month period versus last 6-month period, even the prices if we 
compare volume is intact, the difference would have been INR140 crores plus on the positive 
side. 
So this kind of variation in the broiler chick prices, broiler hatching egg and broiler bird prices 
because of the lower realization, that is a major and very important factor for the sake of top 
line as well as the bottom line. Raw material prices today, broiler birds and cost of production 
is not immaterial. That will be reduced once the crop is available like in the northern region 
where the major operation is there in the West, the maize which is 60% is having -- is not 
having the reduction in the rate that will start from the April onwards. 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 12 of 17 
 
So raw material side, cost of production side, it may not having a much impact, but the 
realization will make definitely difference in the top line and bottom line. 
Madhur Rathi: 
So is it fair to assume that the major raw material impact for Venky's will come next year 
rather than over the next 2 quarters? 
J.K. Handa: 
Sorry, come again? 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, whatever raw material pricing that is trading at below your MSP prices, so is it fair to 
assume that this improvement in raw material or cost of production for Venky's will come in 
next year rather than the H2 of FY '26? 
J.K. Handa: 
Toshniwal sir, he is asking about the soya prices basically, which is a raw material for the -- I 
mean, all segment also kindly reply. 
N.K. Toshniwal: 
See soya prices have been fairly stable last 6 months. And coming 6 months also, we don't see 
much of a difference in that. It is likely to be the same only. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, that is true for maize as well, so got it sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Vyas from Financial. 
Deepak Vyas: 
Yes. I want to know how much capital is tied up in poultry segment? And the second question 
is about your farms. How much is the average land being used for the poultry segment in your 
commercial farm and sir how much is the… 
J.K. Handa: 
Mr. Deepak, sorry to interrupt. Your voice is a little low. I mean, talk a little louder and repeat 
your questions again. 
Deepak Vyas: 
I want to know how much is the capital… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Deepak still your voice is coming low. This is the operator. 
Deepak Vyas: 
How much is the capital tied up in the poultry segment? 
J.K. Handa: 
Capital tied up in the poultry segment. 
Deepak Vyas: 
Yes. The second one how much is the initial plan… 
J.K. Handa: 
Voice is not clear. Your voice is not clear. 
Deepak Vyas: 
How much is revenue in commercial --  commercial farm. 
Management: 
Handa sir, can I answer? I have got his question. 
J.K. Handa: 
Yes, yes, please answer. 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Management: 
Yes. So the answer -- to your first question, how much capital is tied up. So if you see our 
financial results on the segment asset side, the poultry and poultry products for the quarter 
ended, it is INR814 crores whereas -- which is the same for all the periods. 
And about your question about the land under poultry segment, so basically, poultry segment 
has various operations, which are different. Some lands are some like contract dollar farming. 
So we don't own the land. That is owned by someone else. So this question to answer it is very 
difficult. You can e-mail us. We'll give you a detailed reply to it. 
Deepak Vyas: 
What is the e-mail ID I should. 
Management: 
You can share it on the company secretary's e-mail ID rohan.bhagwat@venkys.com. You can 
find it in the annual report also. You can share it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S.C. Gupta as an individual investor. 
S.C. Gupta: 
I would like to know what are the current prices of boiler and chick and what was the 
realization in October? 
J.K. Handa: 
As far as the current prices of broiler chicks and broiler birds is concerned, broiler chick prices 
ranging INR38, INR39 per chick -- and it's all 12 states which we are operating under Venky's. 
As far as the broiler birds are concerned, it is ranging from -- at present. I mean from 
yesterday, we can say it is INR98 to INR105 or INR106 is a price realization in the different 
states starting from Jammu Kashmir to Bihar as well as Maharashtra is INR105 to INR106. 
S.C. Gupta: 
INR105, INR106. And one more thing. My previous people have also asked this, with respect 
to there is a drop in maize prices by around 15%, 20% -- so it would have an impact on the 
cost of production? 
J.K. Handa: 
Toshniwal sir. 
N.K.Toshniwal: 
Yes, it should have. 
S.C. Gupta: 
So will that get reflected in this quarter? 
N.K.Toshniwal: 
It should reflect in the second -- yes, third quarter. 
S.C. Gupta: 
In the third quarter, that is the current quarter. 
Deepak Khosla: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
S.C. Gupta: 
And another question is with respect to the GST reduction in QSR segment. What is the impact 
of that GST reduction on our business? Is that business has done breakeven? And what are our 
expansion plans of QSR. 
Management: 
Handa sir did you get the question? 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 14 of 17 
 
J.K. Handa: 
Yes, yes. So as far as the GST prices which are reduced, ultimately, see, what we are -- I mean, 
getting the -- price structure was revised accordingly. If the price was INR100 and the GST 
was 18%, now it is INR12%. So ultimately, we are collecting less and paying the same thing to 
the government. So it's not having our -- impact on our realization and all. 
S.C. Gupta: 
No, my question was that because of GST reduction, whether demand has gone up for our 
CSR plant, the expansion plan will go up. 
J.K. Handa: 
It should surely be up. But as far as the capacity part is concerned, there are different -- I mean, 
product segment even in that. But surely, it should have a positive factor for the sake of, I 
mean, number. 
S.C. Gupta: 
Okay. And is this business doing breakeven as of now? QSR? 
J.K. Handa: 
It is still in the phase of, I mean, making the breakeven point because a lot of stress is there, all 
like the same is poultry because if the demand is not there, demand is on the low side, the 
breakeven point is also in a question. So during this second quarter, particularly, the sales 
prices or -- I mean, volume or business in terms of the QSR, also has -- gone down, which is 
not in the first time, which is every time when the poultry prices are down. 
S.C. Gupta: 
So it means it will again pick up in the second half as the poultry prices pick up demand -- 
demand picks up. 
J.K. Handa: 
Yes, yes. Yes, yes. It will be surely that. Yes. 
S.C. Gupta: 
And sir, my final question is with respect to cost of production for chick. What is the current 
cost of production for chick? 
J.K. Handa: 
The cost of production for the broiler chicks is to the extent of almost INR28 to INR30 per 
chick. And for the layer, it is somewhere around almost INR36 to INR37. 
S.C. Gupta: 
INR36 to INR37. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sagar from Sagar Private Limited. 
Sagar: 
I just want to know, I'm an investor from last 6 years, right? Earlier, 3, 4 years back, you used 
to say that raw material prices are so high, that's why we are not able to make profit. But this 
time, sir, if you see from last 1.5 years, the raw material prices have gone so down, the 
company is still not making profit. This is my first question. 
J.K. Handa: 
Mr. Sagar, as I explained earlier, cost of production remains almost the same in terms of our 
main line that is broiler chicks and broiler birds and broiler hatching. But as far as the 
realization, it is making a lot of difference. Like I told you, last 6 months, the price difference 
was INR10.74 in broiler chicks and CBF bird it was INR17.93 per chicks, and with broiler 
hatching it was again INR10.79 for broiler hatching. 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 15 of 17 
 
If we consider even the similar prices in this 6 months also, the price impact on the bottom line 
and top line to the extent of INR140 crores. So that is the impact. That is a vulnerability to the 
prices realization, which has impacted unexpectedly for a longer period than our expectation. 
Sagar: 
And what about for expansion plans? Is there any expansion plans? 
J.K. Handa: 
Expansion plan is as far as the SPF segment is concerned as far as is -- already going on. After 
the rainy season, it will start moving up as far as the capacity buildup is concerned. For the 
AHP segment already the capacity expansion was taken place. In regard to the poultry, we are 
thinking to plan in this '27, '28 in the layer segment to some extent. But right now, the numbers 
are – packed number with us, which will take care of the market requirement. 
Sagar: 
Okay, sir. And sir, my last question is regarding your -- I still remember like 2, 3 years ago, 
you mentioned that after introducing animal healthcare, you said that each segment will play 
like 33%, 33%, 33%. But we can't see numbers, sir. So mainly, I think your poultry business is 
around 70% to 80% of revenue that comes from poultry. But earlier, you mentioned that each 
revenue will give equal percentage, if I'm not wrong. 
Management: 
No, Mr. Sagar, I don't think so that this was what the statement meant. May be some 
confusion. But the poultry and the oilseed segment were always the dominant segments for this 
company. So AHP is a stable increasing -- gradually increasing segment. 
Sagar: 
I hope your company do better. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, in each of our divisions. So what would be the capacity utilization? Or in other words, 
what is the maximum revenue that we can generate if we operate at full capacity utilization at 
current realizations? 
J.K. Handa: 
Mr. Garg as far as the broiler segment is concerned, we are utilizing the 67% of capacity 
inbuilt with us. So there is a good room of 1/3 numbers can be jacked up if the opportunity 
comes. As far as the layer segment is concerned, again, it is almost 75% we are utilizing the 
capacity. And now the season will come from January, February onwards till June, July and 
all. 
As if the opportunity we get, we'll surely back up with more numbers, which is left out portion 
to the extent of 25% and all. As far as feed mill is concerned, which is mainly -- I mean, 
captive consumption for the broiler birds and all, we are having a 52% utilization of the 
capacity. 
In regard to the SPF, again, we are having a 50% utilization. Still we have a 50% production, 
which is left out -- if we get the good orders, we can surely use for the same thing. And 
similarly, in the oilseed segment also, the utilization of capacity to the extent of 50% to 55% at 
the moment. 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 16 of 17 
 
So if we get the opportunity, the numbers are good, Poultry requirement is also good. So things 
will start moving well. We are having good amount of capacity in hand for the utilization in 
the opportunity company. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, now before how it used to happen, sir, that once the industry used to make good profit, I'm 
talking about the poultry segment, the farmers used to increase the capacity, which used to 
result in overcapacity, which used to lead to crash in prices, which used to lead to losses at the 
farmers end, which used to farmers scrubbing capacity and prices again going up. 
So now I'm trying to understand that now industry since FY '22, now 4 years have gone by 
wherein the industry is either making losses or making hardly any return on capital. Sir, how 
long it would require, how much more long the down cycle is required for supply to go out of 
the market? 
J.K. Handa: 
If you see the numbers in bottom line as well as the top line, Mr. Garg, as our segment is itself 
saying AHP segment, Oilseed segment and poultry and poultry allied segment is concerned. 
One segment itself is taking so much dip, which is affecting the overall numbers in totality. 
Otherwise, in both other segments, things are quite stable. 
I mean, AHP already, we are increasing the top line as well as the bottom line. Even in the 
soya segment also, the -- I mean, if we compare with the last 6 months number, the numbers of 
jump in the top line as well as the bottom line is there. 
So poultry and poultry has behaved very bad that I had given the number earlier also that if 
these numbers, day old broiler chicks, broiler birds and broiler hatching, if we compare with 
the last 6 months versus this month, 6-month period, the last period rate would have been 
there, the jump of INR140 crores in the bottom line itself so you can well imagine the numbers 
where it will go. 
 
So it is all depending on the realization, which is not in the hands of the producer. Market 
behaves, I mean it may have multiple reasons, circumstances for the sake of improvement, but 
there is a market availability and there is a demand also nowadays, which is going. Hopefully, 
we will try to cover the numbers in the days to come in the months to come. 
Keshav Garg: 
So sir, let me rephrase what I'm trying to understand. Now we had roughly INR60 crore loss in 
poultry segment this quarter. The industry would also have had some losses depending upon 
geography to geography. 
So what -- how much capacity has gone out of the market if people are making losses, some 
people would have folded up, some farmers would have reduced their output or shut down 
altogether. Sir, so with -- that is what I'm trying to understand, whether any capacity has shut 
down. 
J.K. Handa: 
Yes, purely. One individual customer always looks for the market realization, market month 
season and all thing and then he shut down the things quickly because it's -- particularly it was 
broiler segment. In their segment, it's difficult. They are continuous. But in broiler segment, it 
is a circle of 45 to 50 days. 

 
 
Venky's India Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
Page 17 of 17 
 
So they take a call quickly, both ways, negatively and positively, the demand is -- I mean, rates 
are good. So they take the quick start to restart the operation. And if those things are not, they 
keep it empty. They are keeping the farms empty so that they should not have a more loss in 
that respect. So that is a call. 
I mean the people who are there in the industry, I mean, layer broiler farmers, they are very 
well aware -- they are very well aware of that price trend which is going on as well as the 
requirement. So it is very well there. I mean, market people who are operating, they close up 
and they start quickly. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, so then if they are closing, then why the prices are not going up? 
J.K. Handa: 
There is still -- as I told you, if the normal body weight is 2 kg in the summer, it is 1.8. But if 
the market is not taking the absorption of the material available. So automatically, the people 
will postpone the demand. So next day, the body weight will go up. When the body will go up, 
it will further make the material available, the price will have a negative effect on the price. So 
that's the reason, you know different poultry is behaving quite differently. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraint, this was the last question for today's conference. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Probal for their closing comments. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you for making the time to attend this, and thanks a lot to the management for taking 
the time and showing the patience to answer the questions in such detail. Sir, would you have 
any closing comments as we will close the call? 
Management: 
Yes, you can close the call. We thank all the participants. And if anything has remained 
unanswered, we can -- you can surely e-mail us. Thank you. That's all from our end. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you, everyone. You may now disconnect the call. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
