                                                                                                                               
OUR BRANDS 
 
 
SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY LIMITED 
Regd. OƯice: P-19, (Plate No.: D-403), Taratala Road, CPT Colony, Kolkata, West Bengal – 700088 
CIN: L40101WB2002PLC095491 GSTIN: 19AAHCS5842A1ZE 
T:+91 33 6521 6521 Email: contact@shyamgroup.com Web: www.shyammetalics.com Follow us on : 
    Power | Ferro Alloys | Pellets | Pig Iron | Billets | Sponge Iron | Wire Rod | Wire | TMT & Structurals | Aluminium Foil | Roofing Product | Stainless Steel | DI Pipes 
 
SMEL/SE/2025-26/83                                                 
               November 13, 2025 
 
The Secretary, 
Listing Department, BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 543299 
The Manager – Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G-
Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051, Maharashtra, India 
Symbol: SHYAMMETL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of the conference call for Un-audited (Standalone and Consolidated) 
Financial Results for the second quarter and half year ended 30th September, 
2025 
  
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, we 
forward herewith the transcript of the conference call with investors and analysts held on 
Monday, 10th November, 2025 for the Un-audited (Standalone and Consolidated) financial 
result of the company for the second quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2025. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
 
 
Birendra Kumar Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M No. F13320 
 
Birendra 
Kumar 
Jain
Digitally signed 
by Birendra 
Kumar Jain 
Date: 2025.11.13 
18:05:05 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
  
“Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2025 
  
 
  
   
   
         
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BRIJ BHUSHAN AGARWAL – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – SHYAM METALICS AND 
ENERGY LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - SHYAM METALICS AND 
ENERGY LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ HARLALKA – HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUMEET KHAITAN – MUFG INTIME INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
of Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited, hosted by MUFG Intime. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pankaj Harlalka, Head IR from Shyam Metalics. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Pankaj Harlalka: 
Thank you, Risha. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining us in the call. I, Pankaj Harlalka, 
Head of Investor Relations at Shyam Metalics, wish you all a very good afternoon, Shubh 
Dipavali, and a warm welcome to the second quarter FY '26 post results conference call. 
 
Before we delve into discussing the quarterly numbers, I hope you all had an opportunity to 
review our press release and the attendant investor presentation, read along with the Safe Harbor 
statement, which are available under the Investors section of our website and the same are 
accessible in the BSE and NSE websites. 
 
To discuss the second quarter and H1 results FY ' 26, I'm joined by Mr. Brij Bhushan Agarwal, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Deepak Agarwal, Executive Director, Finance and 
Compliance; and Mr. Sumeet Khaitan from  MUFG Intime, our Investor Relations partner. 
 
Now I would like to invite Brij Bhushan ji to provide his perspective on the performance of the 
second quarter of the current financial year. He will also provide his thoughts on our strength 
and strategies of the future. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Very, very good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining the call. As we all know, the 
industry faced a challenging macro environment during the quarter. While the domestic demand 
remains steady, the price of the raw material remained on the downward trend, reflecting a softer 
pricing environment. Against this backdrop, Shyam Metalics delivered a strong performance 
this quarter, driven by our comprehensive multi-metal portfolio and disciplined operation. 
 
Our focus on expanding value-added offering, enhancing process efficiency and managing cost 
leadership supported the robust financial results. Revenue for the quarter grew 23% year-on-
year, while operating EBITDA increased by 32%. Our volume for the quarter was up by 24% 
year-on-year. This performance highlights the strength of our integrated diversified business 
model and consistent execution by the team across all the divisions. 
 
On the operational front and the strategy, we have taken a decision to discontinue the DI pipe 
plant project, which was followed with the pig iron plant in Ramsarup. This decision was made 
after a detailed review of the technological shift and evolving market dynamics. We believe 
redirecting our capital towards higher-value segment will deliver stronger long-term result and 
improve the overall resilience of our portfolio. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
I'm also pleased to report that the blast furnace of Ramsarup Industries is on the final stage of 
commissioning. Stove heating and pre-commissioning began, and we expect to commercialize 
the production very soon. The 0.45 million tonne blast furnace will significantly enhance our 
capacity to serve the growing demand of alloy, carbon and special steel product. Revenue 
contribution from this product and project are expected from December 2025, marking an 
important milestone in our expansion journey and strengthening our integration capability. 
 
In another positive development, CRISIL ratings has upgraded our long-term rating from 
CRISIL AA+ stable -- to CRISIL AA+ stable from AA+ positive and reaffirmed our short-term 
rating at CRISIL A1+. This reflects our strong business risk profile, diversified operation, 
healthy financials, robust liquidity, prudent capital management and experienced leadership. 
 
Our growth road map remains firm on track. Our ongoing capex are progressing well, and we're 
steadily moving towards the completion. As on H1 FY '26, we have incurred INR7,529 crores 
of capex, which accounts 80% of the total capex plan  at INR9,425 crores, which we have 
capitalized, 4,908 crores, accounting to 52% of the total. The project execution is on the track, 
and we remain committed to ensure timely commissioning, operational efficiency, prudent 
capital deployment to support future growth. 
 
In line with our long-term vision, we continue to plan proactively for the next phase of growth 
and to ensure strong future cash flow as our current capex program is scheduled to be fully 
developed by March 2027, fully deployed. The new investment will enable us to move further 
up the value curve, enhance the margin sustainability and reinforce our position as the leading 
integrated metal player. We will share detailed updates on this plan in due course as we finalize 
specific project timeline. 
 
To conclude, we remain committed to driving sustainable growth, enhancing profitability and 
creating long-term value for all our stakeholders. Thank you for your continued trust, support, 
and we look forward to engaging with you in the quarters ahead. 
 
With now, I conclude my speech, and I would request our CFO, Mr. Deepak Agarwal to take us 
through the financial performance. Thank you. On to you, Deepak. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thank you, sir. A very good afternoon to all the participants, and thank you for joining us on the 
call. I will give a quick review of the reported consolidated financials for the quarter under 
review and for the first half. 
On a consolidated basis, the company for the second quarter of the current financial year reported 
a revenue of INR4,457 crores showing a growth of 23% over the last year quarter 2. We have 
been able to sell a higher percentage of finished steel volumes, which was -- which has enabled 
the company to overcome the rise in the input cost and modernization in finished steel prices. 
 
As a result, our EBITDA for second quarter of the current financial year on a consolidated basis 
stood at INR609 crores, a growth of 26% over the last year quarter 2. And the profit after tax 
stood at INR260 crores. To highlight this point, our revenue growth in quarter 2 of the current 
financial year has been primarily driven by a meaningful increase in the sales volume of pig iron 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
and color-coated steel. Pig iron's contribution in terms of revenue account for 11.3%. We have 
delivered a strong PAT of INR260 crores, supported by our robust balance sheet, healthy 
liquidity position and low leverage. 
 
I would also like to highlight a very important development that the CRISIL has upgraded our 
long-term rating from AA positive to AA+ stable and reaffirmed our short-term rating at A1+. 
This is the highest rating in our peer group and is strong external validations of the company's 
financial discipline, operational resilience and long-term strategic clarity. 
This upgrade reflects our consistent conservative capital structure, robust liquidity position, 
disciplined capital allocation, strong governance standards and the leadership depth within the 
organization. And the same has also been pointed out by the CRISIL India Rationales. 
 
Importantly, this rating places us in a select category of companies in the metal and mining 
space, reinforcing our credibility with the lenders, investors and stakeholders. It has strengthened 
our ability to access capital at favorable terms, enhances financial flexibility and positions us 
strongly to execute our next phase of growth without compromising on leverage or any risk 
parameter. 
 
Now I will quickly review the first half of the financial. For the first half of the current financial, 
we reported a revenue of INR8,876 crores, a growth of 22.5% over the last half year. In terms 
of revenue mix, the high value-added segment accounted for 28.5% of the first year of the current 
financial year revenue as against 25% of the financial -- the half year of the last financial year.  
The first half of the current financial year, we reported an EBITDA of INR1,242 crores, a growth 
of 21.8% over the last year's first half. Our EBITDA margin in the first half of the current 
financial year stood at 14% compared to 14.1% in the first half of the last financial year, 
reflecting a stable margin performance despite decrease in per tonne realization in few product 
segments. 
 
We continue to focus on improving our product mix, enhancing realizations, driving operational 
efficiency through cost optimization and rationalization measures. These efforts have enabled 
us to deliver a strong net profit of INR551 crores in the first half of the current financial year, 
representing a 12.1% growth over the last year's first half. 
 
We achieved a notable improvement in our working capital cycle. For the first half of the current 
financial year, our working capital days stood at 18 days as compared with the 22 days at the 
end of the last financial year. At all points in time, our gross debt-to-equity ratio has remained 
below 0.5x. The gross debt equity, which was 0.07x at the end of the financial year '25 is now 
at 0.10x at the end of the first half of the current financial year. 
 
At a net level, we remain cash positive with the current investments and bank balance of 
INR1,694 crores against a gross debt of INR1,075 crores. We wish to inform that the post 
dropping off implementation of DI pipe project, our announced capex since IPO aggregating to 
INR9,425 crores. We have already incurred INR7,529 crores against INR9,425 crores, which 
aggregates to 80% of the total capex. We have already capitalized INR4,908 crores. The 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
remaining capex of around INR2,559 crores shall be incurred over the next 2 years. We have 
spent INR945 crores of capex in the first half of the current financial year and INR526 crores in 
the second quarter of the current financial year. Our strategy has always been to incur capital 
expenditure in a smaller, well-phased manner to ensure that the balance sheet is never strained. 
 
At all times, we're closely monitoring liquidity solvency and capital efficiency ratio. I would 
like to assure you that the company continued to sustain a healthy financial risk profile despite 
pursuing capital expenditure plan of INR2,559 crores over the next 2 years, added by the internal 
cash generation and sufficient liquidity surpluses. This ensure that we will take only limited 
debt, and which will be in the form of working capital if required at any temporary fund flow 
mismatch. Most of the expenses are being undertaken without our existing facility and are 
organic in nature. 
 
I would also like to reiterate that the bank limit utilization at the consolidated level is expected 
to remain moderate even going forward. The annual cash accrual should also be comfortable 
suffice for our capital expenditure requirements as well as debt repayment. 
 
Now I conclude my portion of the speech through the floor open for the question-and-answer 
session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs. 
Amit Dixit: 
I have a couple of them. The first one is on a recently introduced PLI scheme for stainless steel 
and for the specialty steel. So just wanted to understand that how we are going to benefit from 
that? And how much benefit can we quantify over the next 5 years, at least, I mean, that's what 
document speaks of? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Actually, the scheme has just been announced. We are evaluating, but more or less, we have 
seen that close to around INR400 crores to INR500 crores, we can be -- we can get the benefit 
from the PLI in the stainless-steel business. But final figure, we can't discuss right now because 
there are a lot of clarifications which is required, which might -- our team is in touch with the 
PLI bodies. And once we get all the clarifications, then we will share the note. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. Got it. The second question is essentially on stainless. Now as I understand that some of 
the capex that we would be spending would also be towards stainless. And now we are basically 
entering in -- I would say, we would be one of the largest players in India apart from Jindal 
Stainless, and we would be entering directly into competition with them. And our EBITDA per 
tonne at least as of now is lower than Jindal Stainless. So just wanted to understand our thoughts 
around that, how we are going to increase the EBITDA per tonne? And what are the thoughts 
on Jindal Stainless as a competitor? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See, right now, we are into the long product. We just took a company from the NCLT a couple 
of years before. And now we have stabilized the plant, and we are creating a complete value 
chain in the long product. So, the numbers, what you are seeing is in the long product, if you 
compare the stainless-steel number of Shyam Metalics vis-a-vis Jindal Stainless. And in long 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
product also, we are adding the wires, which we already commissioned, and we are doing some 
more addition in the wires and bright bars businesses, which will enhance the number on the 
downstream side. 
 
On the upstream side, we are building our own steel melting shop in our existing Odisha plant, 
where we have our own captive power, we have our own specialty alloy, ferro alloys, iron. So, 
in the time to come, our cost will also be substantially low in comparison to what we are 
incurring now. So, we'll be able to create a decent margin in our existing long product profile. 
 
In addition to that, we are also setting up a flat product, what Jindal Stainless is doing. And we 
believe that once we are able to commission this plant, we will have an edge from the ore to 
metal -- like, we'll be making the stainless steel from the iron ore and the ferro alloy ores with 
our own captive power with our own steel melting shop.  
And we are going downstream in the flat product from the HR to the CR final products. So, we 
will see a lot of value addition happening once we come into the stream. So, we will be -- it's 
very difficult for me to share right now like we will be cheaper than Jindal Stainless, but yes, we 
will be highly competitive, I can tell you. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
In addition to this, I would also like to highlight that once our flat stainless steel will be 
commissioned maybe in the year '26, '27, then you will see our margin will almost very 
competitively improve -- substantially improvement will be arrived in the coming year. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Yes. Everything will change because we are going all on the value addition, major expansions 
of the organization is getting into a more value-added chain like stainless steel, aluminum, we 
are putting up backward integration. We are -- so if we are making our own melting shop from 
the  ore to steel, so we will be at the global competition level, like we have everything in our 
country, except the nickel. So, nickel is -- most of our products are 200 and 400 series where it 
doesn't attract too much of nickel as an ingredient or a cost. So, we'll see a lot of things will 
transform in the years to come. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shaleen Kumar from UBS. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Congratulations to the management for a pretty decent set of numbers given the tough 
environment and also, congratulations on the rating upgrade. Just to begin with, if I can ask on 
sector-level question. Bhushan ji, there have been multiple quarters of -- we are seeing that there 
is a declining realization.  
I mean any -- if you can just highlight what's your sense if you're talking to your peers or your 
customers, etcetera, like is it the demand issue, supply issue? What are the problems? Any 
insights on that? Are we close to the bottom of the realization? Or do you think that this pain 
may still stay for next few quarters or whatever you can add value here? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
If you see overall, there has been a big turbulence in this metal business in last 2, 3 quarters. We 
are seeing the correction in the raw material prices are not very big. The iron ore prices are pretty 
tightened. And we are also seeing there is a lot of disruption happening across because a lot of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
exports in the complete sector affected because of so much of ambiguities in the policies 
internationally, what we are seeing. 
 
But apart from that also, if you see overall, we have been able to sell what we have produced. 
We are able to get into -- more into a value addition. We are converting our businesses more on 
the value side. We are going more downstream, activities. We are creating more high-margin 
products. So, a lot of activity within the organization, we are trying to capitalize.  
On the value addition side, if you see all the capex, what you see is related to the downstream 
activity. Nothing is coming on the upstream. So, we are just trying to get more and more into a 
downstream value chain, and we are adding -- we are planning to add more and more numbers 
in a time so that we can increase more and more bottom line once we increase more and more 
value addition. So, this is something what we are doing now. 
 
And on the stainless-steel side, like the major ingredient for the stainless steel is iron, ferro 
alloys, specialty alloys and power. So, we are very much within in that space, like when we are 
putting up any new projects, it's nothing like we are doing something greenfield. It's all 
brownfield projects where we are adding a lot of value. 
 
And now in the last couple of years, getting into a new stainless-steel stream with a small capex, 
we have learned how to create a better value for the company, Shyam Metalics. And we are not 
seeing a major competition in the stainless steel presently. So, we are sure with our competence 
level, with our past record and whatever we are doing right now, we will be able to create a good 
number in the near future. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
No, no. Sure, sir. I agree on that. I think the execution has been pretty remarkable. If I ask -- I 
could see in the presentation that you have decided to drop the DI pipe capex. If you can answer 
what's the rationale behind that? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See, we have been evaluating like we were working on the DI project for almost  1.5-2 years. 
And from last  6-8 months, we have been contemplating because there are a lot of changes, and 
shift has happened on the technology of the pipe. Because a lot of places, the DI is getting 
replaced with OPVC, which is a plastic pipe, which is right now, most of the government 
companies, they have started introducing, and they started replacing the DI, where the cost of 
that pipe is close to  30% - 40% more cheaper.  
And it's very easily -- the services are also very -- so we were discussing on this factor like when 
you see any changes on the obsolete -- on the product side, it's there, we thought of why to risk 
our capital. So, it wasn't giving us a great comfort with the new businesses and with the time 
when we are seeing the product is getting obsolete. So, we thought of keeping this and dropping 
this project on. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Sir, this was supposed to be a bit of a forward integration for our pig iron and 
other intermediate steel. So should we expect something else in  replacement of DI pipes. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Yes, we will be -- we are -- right now -- we have not taken any Board approval on this, but we 
are evaluating -- like, we have -- already, we have an SMS shop there, which is a Spanish shop, 
and we are trying to figure out what steel we should do. So, it will be too early for us right now 
to something which is not mature. But yes, we'll be doing the downstream, which we will be 
converting the complete iron into a specialty steel. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Okay. Okay. So, there will be something else replacing this project? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Yes, yes, we'll be doing, yes, yes. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Got it. If I can ask one or two questions to Deepak ji. Deepak ji, we have the various 
capex line up in your -- in the presentation. Possible to give ballpark the key capex timeline, like 
if you can provide us like upcoming -- anything commissioning in Q3, Q4, let's say, some -- any 
timelines on the FY '27? It will help us just to -- for a modeling’s sake. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
100%. The capex, which we have already announced, out of this capex in the current financial 
year, in the fourth quarter of the current financial year, we will commission our 90 megawatts 
of power plant, and 0.15 million tonnes of color coated. These are the two capex which will be 
commissioned in the current financial year.  
And the rest will be commissioning -- when we talk about the financial year '26-27, majorly the 
aluminum business, what we have already announced like aluminum mill with caster, aluminum 
flat rolled product, aluminum coil, which will be commissioning in the second quarter of the 
next financial year. As far as stainless steel is concerned, the stainless steel will be commissioned 
in the financial year  27-28. And every -- all capex will be commissioned at the end of the 
financial year  26 -27. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Got it, sir. And sir, any thought beyond that, like are we -- like what are our thought process? 
Because our 5 years' journey of a higher capex plan will be completed by end of FY '27. So, are 
you forming up any plan beyond that? 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. As you're aware of that, we have a prudent capital allocation policy there. So, whatever 
we are generating cash, out of this cash,  60% - 70%, we will further refinance, reuse in our 
growth plan. Definitely, the post '27, the kind of substantial cash generation will be there, which 
will be -- definitely we will announce, we are working.  
Our capex committee is already working. And sir already said that we will be -- very shortly, we 
will announce our downstream and value-added product, maybe in the next quarter or in the 
fourth quarter of the current financial year, post '27, the kind of free cash is there in the system. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrosh from Vedang Capital. 
Shrosh: 
I just wanted to further elaborate on the previous question regarding capex. You've mentioned 
that by  2026 - 27, all capex will be incurred. By when do you feel we'll be able to start seeing 
that lead to revenues? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Generally, it takes -- once we are -- once we commission the plant, it takes around 6 months to 
a year time to stabilize the plant to set up the market, qualities and all. So, we will gradually see. 
Like, the color-coated business, we are already in, we are doing expansion.  
So immediately in next 3 to 6 months, we will see the business will be start rolling smoothly. In 
aluminum also, we are already in the aluminum products, so we don't need to develop the product 
because it's already developed. So, it will not take much time.  
In next 3 to 6 months, we can see that everything is getting ramped up. Where the stainless steel 
is concerned, the new product, it will take around 6 months to 9 months to come in 60%, 70% 
stream, yes. So, this is a general ballpark, what generally all these kinds of an industry look like. 
Shrosh: 
My next question is, where do you see our growth for the next  2-3 years, top line and margin, 
sir? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
If you see in last  3 – 3.5 years, we had grown pretty decent, from INR6,000 crores top line, to 
close to INR15,000 crores we did this year. And we expect that we'll be enjoying a double-digit 
growth close to 15% to 20% on an average for next 2 to 3 years minimum. And since we are 
going into the downstream value additions and all. So definitely, in time to come, the margins 
will also definitely -- we expect that close to 200 or 300 basis points, we'll be able to improve it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Shah from RJ Investments. 
Dhiraj Shah: 
Yes. I have a couple of questions. Firstly, aluminum foils exports formed almost 24% of the 
total exports in the first half of '26. So, could you throw some light on current utilization of 
existing foil capacity? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See, the plant is operating at almost 90% plus capacity. And it is operating much better what we 
expected. And we are making a very specialized foil. So, these are all very special foil, which 
has a very unique usage. We are supplying to the defense industry and other packing industry, 
which has a special application.  
And this will continue to grow like this because today, the domestic margins are much better. 
And there is a little penetration on the international market, though the demand is there. And we 
have a good, decent sales book of close to 5 to 6 months now looking forward. And there's a 
good penetration of demand on well acceptability of our product. So, we are very confident. I 
don't see any kind of surprises. 
Dhiraj Shah: 
Understood, sir Understood and also more of a follow-up. So, given 60% of exports come from 
aluminum business, so any maybe near-term pricing pressures that you may foresee? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
No, no, not really, not really. Very -- we will be having a better edge because once we 
commission the aluminum plant next year, so the raw material, what we are using for the foil 
stock, we'll have our own captive production. So, we'll be increasing the margins on that because 
we'll be doing our own raw material of foil stock.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
And seeing the demand and the richness and the uniqueness of the special product what we are 
doing, I don't see there is much -- these are all penetrations a little bit on the duty side and all, 
but I don't think this will last for very long, whether it is helping us to develop more and more 
new businesses, more new products, more new revenue. And now I can share that it's a very 
stable business. So, I don't see any kind of surprises or any kind of challenges in the time to 
come. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prachi Cheda from SDA Finance. 
Prachi Cheda: 
I had a few questions lined up. My first question, sir, with new color-coated and parallel flange 
beam lines coming up, what incremental revenue contribution can we expect in FY '27? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See, we expect that from the color business, the flat product, what we are -- the expansions -- 
after expansion, close to INR4,000 crores, INR4,500 crores will be the total revenue coming out 
from the flat product businesses, including the color coated and all, close to. I'm not 100%, but 
yes, 90%, I can tell you. 
Prachi Cheda: 
Got it, sir. Also, have you seen any margin improvement due to higher captive power usage and 
improved logistics via captive siding? Higher captive power usage is at around 81% right now. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Yes. It's improved, no. If you see, the power cost is very stable, and we are not using any kind 
of a fuel. Most of the fuel what we are using is on the reject side, and its cogeneration. So, it's 
not really going to impact very largely because we are extremely very, very competitive, and we 
are not using any fresh coal in our plant. So, it's majorly the rejects and all.  
So, the advantage what we get from all these things is on our product side -- other product side. 
But yes, the cess of INR400, which was charged before, has come down. So, it is also helping 
us on the cost side. It has given some kind of a comfort. So, I would say, yes, it is positive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Roy from Boring AMC. 
Rakesh Roy: 
Sir, my first question regarding, sir, can you light on the raw material prices from Q2 versus Q1 
and Q3? How is it trending now? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
I don't see there is much changes in the raw material prices presently. It is almost marginal. So 
it's not a very -- but the cess impact on the coal has been -- is beneficial. And Deepak, can you 
elaborate on this with your numbers and all because I'll not be able to share very... 
Deepak Agarwal: 
No, no, correct, sir. The raw material prices have not been corrected from the quarter 1 to quarter 
2, which is mostly in line. But in the current quarter, in the third quarter, the coal prices have 
been going down by 5% to 7%. And iron ore prices are also going down by a little bit. But 
similarly -- but in the account of specialty alloy, the manganese prices have been corrected by 
10% and the ferro chrome prices has also been corrected by 4% to 5%. These are the price -- 
raw material prices have been corrected from quarter 1 to quarter 2, but not majorly like iron ore 
fines prices has not been corrected, but we hope that it will be further corrected. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Rakesh Roy: 
Okay. And regarding the pricing, any chance because -- many companies will compensate if 
they are hoping, or they are expecting the price increase from the November? So are you also 
looking to increase the price from -- or are you looking to increase the price from November or 
December? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
So the demand -- after this, we are all waiting for the Bihar election issues to be over because 
we had been all during the festive season. And if you see all the years, this quarter has been 
always very low because of the festive season, and this time because of the election. So the 
demand of the overall industry will go up. And once it -- we start looking everything post-
election, so the price will start correcting. Yes, we are all hopeful and optimistic. 
Rakesh Roy: 
Okay. So can we hope that H2 is better than H1 in terms of volume and pricing, both? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
At this point of time, it's -- we have to wait for some more time. 
Rakesh Roy: 
Okay. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
But definitely, if you look into our financials, we will be always in the volume growth. If you 
look into quarter-on-quarter percent, we are increasing our volume growth. And with the recent 
commissioning of pig iron in the third quarter, definitely in absolute number, definitely, we will 
be improving from quarter 1 to quarter 2 in the next quarter 3 and quarter 4. 
Rakesh Roy: 
Okay. And sir, last question regarding, sir, SS business -- stainless steel business, sir. Sir, can 
you light on, sir, government is also just -- they are doing some antidumping duty after talking, 
sir, because -- can you light on this, sir, regarding SS? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
There are some thought process going on the DI side and some kind of relaxation, but these are 
very -- the margins in the SS are very good today, the flat product businesses margins and all. 
And I see today, the demand of the SS is growing very decent. So very difficult at this point of 
time till everything is clear. But overall, with the country demand and with the present 
production, I see decent numbers coming up from this business. 
Rakesh Roy: 
Right, sir. And sir, how is the demand -- hello? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Sorry? 
Rakesh Roy: 
Sir, how is the demand for your TMT business in Eastern part, especially how is the demand? 
And how is it looking, this point of view, after? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Actually, after this -- we are right now in the festive and Bihar election, we expect that it will go 
up. By end of November, we should start seeing the changes. 
Rakesh Roy: 
How much are you looking at? How much growth you're looking compared to... 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See, if the demand is growing -- if the demand is good, it will grow. So we'll be able to -- because 
we have not expanded the capacity on the TMT. Whatever we are going to produce, we are going 
to sell it. It's all about the margins, which will increase.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
So overall, we know that today because of the -- and for the industry, festive seasons and all 
these things are always -- some moment where things are not very rapidly growing, but I think 
now we are done with this, and we will start seeing things changing. So it's -- all the quarter, we 
have been seeing the same thing. 
Rakesh Roy: 
Right, sir. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
And also, in the quarter 2 in the metal industry, the monsoon season is there. So there will be a 
disruption in supply chain management. Definitely, the demand will improve in the third quarter, 
fourth quarter, basically because of the most of the government contracts and everything has 
been concluded at the end of the financial year. So definitely, the demand from the raw steel will 
improve in the third quarter and fourth quarter. 
Rakesh Roy: 
And one thing, sir, in Mittal Corp, how much revenue from this quarter from the Mittal Corp? 
And how much is the utilization? 
Deepak Agarwal: 
The utilization is in the level of 70% to 80%, and we have further revenue... 
Rakesh Roy: 
And how much... 
Deepak Agarwal: 
We are selling -- stainless steel we are selling only 20,000 quarterly basis -- 20,000 tonnes of 
stainless we are selling. 
Rakesh Roy: 
Okay. In terms of revenue, total revenue come from the Mittal Corp this Q2? 
Deepak Agarwal: 
INR600 crores. 
Rakesh Roy: 
INR600 crores. And for full year, how much you guided, sir, for FY '26 for Mittal Corp? 
Deepak Agarwal: 
It's around, you can say INR2,000 crores. We will be targeting to achieve INR1,500 crores to 
INR2,000 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pathanjali Srinivasan from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
I have a couple of questions. So firstly, this captive plant that -- power plant that we have shown 
in our presentation, I think we're doing around 100 megawatts at around INR350-odd crores. 
The cost seems very less. Could you explain a bit about what configuration or what type of plant 
this would be? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
We are -- if you see the history, in the past, whatever plant we have commissioned, we have 
been extremely very capital effective. So, this is very well taken. I appreciate your point. And if 
you see the PLF of our power factor is always 90% plus. So generally, it's all brownfield project, 
and we take the technology from the best of the boiler manufacturer, be it Thyssenkrupp or  
Thermax and all. And so being in the steel business and a strong engineering foothold, we work 
together, and we make sure that we should be at least  15% - 20% more capital effective. And 
all our turbines are from BHEL and Siemens. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
We are better, yes. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Yes. No, you feel substantially better, which is why I just wanted to figure out. We are doing 
something very different than what industry does. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Thank you. I appreciate. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
And just one more question. This quarter, our production in terms of sponge iron was a bit lower. 
Did we take any -- or not production, maybe sales, did we take any maintenance or anything, 
sir, this quarter? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
These are regular things; very small marginal changes are there. So we generally have some 
maintenance, or when you do a power plant shutdown, some maintenance comes, you have to -
- so these are all -- after   2 -3 years, each and every plant has to be taken a long shutdown. 
Sometimes we have to take annual shutdowns. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Okay. So it's just a routine seasonal thing. There's nothing -- there's no other reason. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
No, I don't think there is any changes in our production of sponge iron from the quarter 1 to 
quarter 2. The sales volume is definitely going down because we sell more pellet -- iron pellet 
because our realization is more on iron pellet, that's why we sell more iron pellet. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Got it, sir. Yes. That's what I wanted to figure out. Like there seems to be some bit of a decline, 
but it's not visible at a revenue level, that's why I just wanted to figure out. Got it, sir. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
That is the only reason. Because the realization is more on iron pellet, that's why we sell more 
iron pellet. We are not converting iron pellet into... 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Sumeet Khaitan from MUFG Intime for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sumeet Khaitan: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining in the call today. I hope the management was able to answer 
all your queries today. I also want to thank the management for sparing the time and joining the 
call today. We are MUFG Intime, Investor Relations Advisors to Shyam Metalics and Energy 
Limited. For any queries, please feel free to reach out to us. Thank you, everyone. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
