 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sri Lotus Developers and Realty Limited (Formerly known as “AKP Holdings Limited”) CIN: L68200MH2015PLC262020 
Regd. Office: 5th & 6th Floor, Lotus Tower, 1 Jai Hind Soc., N S Road No. 12/A, JVPD Scheme, Juhu, Mumbai 400049, MH, India 
Corporate Office: 5th & 6th Floor, Lotus Tower, 1 Jai Hind Soc., N S Road No. 12/A, JVPD Scheme, Juhu, Mumbai 400049, MH, India 
Tel: +91-7506283400 Email: contact@lotusdevelopers.com Website: www.lotusdevelopers.com 
Date: November 13, 2025 
 
To, 
To, 
The Compliance Manager 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
Listing and Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400001 
Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 544469 
Scrip Symbol: LOTUSDEV 
 
ISIN: INE0V9Q01010 
Subject: 
Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on Tuesday, November 11, 2025 
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated November 11, 2025 wherein we had informed regarding the 
audio link of the Earnings Call held on Tuesday, November 11, 2025 to discuss the Un-Audited 
(Standalone and Consolidated) Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025.   
In this regard and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
Transcript of the said Earnings Call.   
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e. 
https://lotusdevelopers.com/investor-relations  
Kindly take the above said information on record. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sri Lotus Developers and Realty Limited 
(Formerly known as AKP Holdings Limited) 
 
 
 
Ankit Kumar Tater 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A57623 
 
Encl. A/a 
ANKIT 
KUMAR 
TATER
Digitally signed 
by ANKIT KUMAR 
TATER 
Date: 2025.11.13 
14:08:19 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“Sri Lotus Developers & Realty Limited Q2 FY-26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANAND PANDIT – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHAIRMAN, SRI LOTUS DEVELOPERS & REALTY 
LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY KUMAR JAIN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, SRI LOTUS DEVELOPERS & REALTY 
LIMITED 
MR. RAKESH GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SRI LOTUS DEVELOPERS & REALTY LIMITED 

 
Sri Lotus Developers & Realty Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to Sri Lotus Developers and Realty Limited's 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call.  
Before we begin, I would like to remind participants that this conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
With this, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Pandit – Managing Director and 
Chairman of Sri Lotus Developers and Realty Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anand Pandit: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and a very warm welcome to the Q2 FY26 earnings call 
of Sri Lotus Developers and Realty Limited. 
Joining me today are our CEO – Mr. Sanjay Kumar Jain, our CFO – Mr. Rakesh Gupta and our 
Investor Relations Advisors from SGA. Our Investor Presentation has been uploaded on the 
Stock Exchanges and on our website. We hope you had a chance to review it.  
Let me begin with an overview of the broader market environment: 
Mumbai's luxury redevelopment market continues to gain significant momentum particularly 
across prime micro-markets such as Bandra, Prabhadevi, Worli, Juhu, Versova. Land scarcity 
and aging inventory are driving a strong wave of society and cluster redevelopment projects. 
The city recorded over Rs. 14,700 crores worth of ultra-luxury sales in H1 2025, the highest ever 
with Bandra and Prabhadevi emerging as key value growth corridors. Bandra West alone 
witnessed nearly 190% year-on-year growth in luxury home value. While new supply is 
gradually rising, limited availability of prime plots and the enduring appeal of redevelopment 
led projects continue to sustain both pricing strength and absorption levels in this western suburb. 
This is where Lotus’ strength lies. We have more than 84% of our total carpet area of ongoing 
projects and 91% of total carpet area of upcoming projects in the redevelopment segment. This 
high redevelopment mix keeps the portfolio asset light and very capital efficient.  
Coming to our performance for the quarter ended September 2025: 
I am pleased to share the pre-sales during the quarter stood at Rs. 257 crores growing almost 
126% year-on-year and collection for the quarter stood at Rs. 106 crores. Due to large part of 
launches being skewed to end of the quarter, the conversion of these bookings into collection 
will largely flow through in the subsequent quarters.  

 
Sri Lotus Developers & Realty Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
A key highlight of the quarter was the successful launch of the Arcadian at Juhu and Amalfi at 
Versova in September 2025. Both projects continue to see sustained customer interest supported 
by their prime micro market locations, signature blue and green design themes, best in class 
amenities and Lotus track record of superior execution and timely delivery. Construction at 
Project Varun, Bandra is progressing very well and bookings have commenced. Located in one 
of Mumbai's most coveted addresses, this ultra luxury redevelopment will further strengthen 
Lotus developers' presence in the premium segment. Construction activity for Lotus Aquaria 
also has started recently.  
Looking ahead to H2 FY26, we have four upcoming launches – Project Varun at Bandra, Lotus 
Aquaria at Prabhadevi, Lotus Celestial at Versova and Lotus Trident at Andheri West. Together, 
this will have a revenue potential of approximately Rs. 3,500 to Rs. 3,700 crores. These launches 
give us confidence of achieving our FY26 guidance of pre-sale of about Rs. 1,100 to Rs. 1,300 
crores, revenue growth of about 75% to 85% year-on-year and profit after tax growth of 30% to 
35% year-on-year.  
We continue to consolidate our presence across four micro-markets while expanding into newer 
areas such as Bandra and Prabhadevi. The strong brand acceptance of Lotus Developers is 
evident in our expanding business development pipeline. During the year so far, we have added 
six projects. Development agreements were executed for Lotus Portofino which is at Versova, 
Lotus Sky Plaza at Oshiwara and Lotus Odyssey at Bandra. Additionally, societies at Lotus 
Avalon that is Juhu, Lotus Imperial at Bandra and Lotus Upper Crest again at Bandra have 
appointed Lotus developers as their preferred developers. We are in active discussions with 
multiple societies and expect to finalize more additions in H2 FY26.  
Our ongoing and upcoming pipeline, 15 residential and 3 commercial projects have a GDV of 
Rs. 13,000 to Rs. 14,000 crores, translating to about 2.1 million square feet of saleable area to 
be realized by FY30 excluding Lotus Upper Crest which completes in FY31. 14 of these 18 
projects are redevelopment, reinforcing our focus and strength in this segment. Based on this 
mix, we are confident of sustaining 25% to 30% PAT margins.  
Our focus on efficient capital deployment and superior project economics which is core to our 
redevelopment strategy allows us to achieve an industry-leading return on equity (ROE) of 41% 
for FY25. This ROE is among the highest in the industry, underscores the strength of our model 
and we are confident in our ability to sustain this momentum. We remain confident in our 
strategy, execution capabilities and our ability to deliver sustained value to all stakeholders. 
With that, I now hand the call over to Mr. Sanjay Kumar Jain – our CEO to take you through the 
financial highlights. Thank you. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Thank you, Anand sir. 

 
Sri Lotus Developers & Realty Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
Let me now take you through the financial highlights for Q2 and H1 FY26: 
As highlighted by Anand sir, in this quarter, we launched two projects, the Arcadian in Juhu and 
Amalfi in Versova in September 2025. The Arcadian recorded booking worth Rs. 92 crores 
within the first week of launch and has an estimated GDV of Rs. 700 crores. Similarly, Amalfi-
Versova launch during the same period achieved booking of Rs. 38 crores within its first week 
with a GDV potential of Rs. 300 crores.  
Moving to consolidated financials for Q2 FY26: 
Revenue stood at Rs. 176 crores, growth of 43% year-on-year and 187% quarter-on-quarter. Pre-
sale stood at Rs. 257 crores, growth of 126% year-on-year and more than 3X quarter-on-quarter. 
Collection for the quarter stood at INR 106 crores, growth of 16% year-on-year and 51% quarter-
on-quarter. EBITDA was INR 50 crores as compared to Rs. 66 crores in Q2 FY25 and Rs. 30 
crores in Q1 FY26. EBITDA margin stood at 28.6% as compared to 53.5% in Q2 FY25 and 48% 
in Q1 FY26.  
Last year margin was higher only because one of our projects had unusually low-cost which was 
a one-off. Going ahead, we expect EBITDA margin to be in the range of 35% to 40%. Profit 
after tax was INR 46 crores, registered 8% year-on-year degrowth and 80% quarter-on-quarter 
growth. Expenses towards outgoing and upcoming projects stood at Rs. 228 crores in Q2 FY26 
as compared to Rs. 38 crores in Q2 FY25 and Rs. 47 crores in Q1 FY26.  
For H1 FY26, revenue stood at Rs. 237 crores, pre-sale stood at Rs. 319 crores, growing 50% 
year-on-year. Collection for the half-year ended September 2025 was Rs. 175 crores. EBITDA 
was Rs. 80 crores. EBITDA margin stood at 33.6%. Profit after tax was Rs. 72 crores. Expenses 
towards ongoing and upcoming projects stood at Rs. 274 crores in H1 FY26. Net cash as on 
September 2025 stood at Rs. 851 crores.  
During the IPO, we raised Rs. 792 crores through fresh issue and net proceeds post-issue 
expenses was Rs. 732 crores. We have deployed total fund amounting to Rs. 137 crores till 30th 
September 2025. With this, I would like to open the floor to questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Ankit Mehta from Wellworth Share and Stock Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Considering that luxury real estate market is doing very well, 
how is the company positioning itself in this segment? 

 
Sri Lotus Developers & Realty Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Anand Pandit: 
Thank you, Ankit, for your question. As you know and even today's recent report also, you might 
have seen that luxury market is doing extremely well, especially in western suburb, mid-Mumbai 
and south of Mumbai. So, that market, I feel that personally that it is going to grow every year 
and we are confident that we will have a larger pie in that. 
Ankit Mehta: 
My next question is that how many new projects are we looking to add to our portfolio in the 
second half of the year? 
Anand Pandit: 
So, we are in dialogue with many redevelopment opportunities of societies and clusters. But we 
are very confident that because we are very choosy about what kind of projects we choose, we 
just don't want to add into portfolio. But we want to have a quality asset. That is what we want 
to create. So, I think about two to three new projects in second half, we will be adding to the 
portfolio. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Thank you so much, sir. That will be all from my side.  
Anand Pandit: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nikhil Garg from BNP Paribas. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Garg: 
A couple of questions. One, you mentioned that you have one of the highest ROEs in the 
industry. Can you just elaborate a bit more on that? What allows us to generate such a high ROE? 
And second question was on a couple of projects which are undergoing sales. They are still at, 
one of these projects is still at, I think, 61% sold Ayana. So, what's the outlook on that? Thank 
you. 
Anand Pandit: 
So, as far as ROE is concerned, as you know that we have got 2-3 other policies. Number one, 
we are concentrating on high-yielding products only. That's one. So, our blue and green theory, 
that is, water view or garden view. That is giving us a good result. That's one. Second is our 
asset light model. Because of the redevelopment, we don't have to deploy a large fund into 
buying the land. So, that is also giving a good return. Third, as you know that company is almost 
net debt-free. So, we don't have any expense on paying the interest. Fourth is, our marketing is 
extremely limited because it's more like on appointment basis. So, till today, we have not done 
any marketing expense, unlike our peers, who has to spend at least 7% to 8% on marketing. So, 
on that also, we are saving a lot of cost. So, this is what gets us a good ROE. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Nikhil, hi. Sanjay here. Regarding second question of the higher inventory in the Ayana and 
Arc-One. So, the main reason was that as per company policy, we have decided in these two 
projects, once the project is completed and the OC will receive, then we will start the majority 
of sales. So, the Arc-One, the OC was received in March end and then the same in Ayana last 
year, we have received. And so, now we are selling them and we are getting good response from 
the clients. 

 
Sri Lotus Developers & Realty Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Nikhil Garg: 
Got it. Would it be fair to say that these projects will be completed by or majority completed by 
the year end? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Yes. So, majority of sales will be completed this financial year. 
Nikhil Garg: 
All right. Thank you.  
Anand Pandit: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nikhil Oswal from Oswal 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Oswal: 
Good morning, sir. So, I had a couple of questions. One on the guidance what you have provided 
on revenue of let us say around 960 to 1,000 crores and pre-sales of 1,100 to 1,200 crores for 
this year. Against that in H1, we are standing at revenue 237 crores and pre-sales of 320 crores. 
So, my question is what makes you confident that you will be, there is a substantial gap which 
needs to be filled in H2 right now. So, what makes you confident that you will be able to achieve 
those numbers? And the second question will be for Arcadian and Amalfi, you had given a 
number of 92 crores and 38 crores in September, the initial bookings. So, what would be that 
number as of now, if you could just let me know that? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
So, Nikhil, regarding achieving the 1,100 crores, so what happened, we have launched the two 
projects in September only one week and we have achieved the 130 crores. So, now the four 
new projects we are aiming to launch in the next 6 months and we are following the percentage 
completion method. So,  whatever the expenditure is done, so revenue is recognized only to the 
extent of this. And regarding the pre-sale, we have the 6 months and we are getting good 
response for these two projects and also the number of enquiries in Varun also we are getting 
very good. So, we are very confident to achieve the 1,100 crores in pre-sale. 
Nikhil Oswal: 
Thank you, sir. And on the second part, the numbers as of now, if you can just let me know 
Arcadian and Amalfi. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
So, that we will get back right now, I don't have that, we will get back. 
Nikhil Oswal: 
Thank you. All the best. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Ravi Shah from VRS Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ravi Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, my question first was revolving around PAT. So, how confident 
are we? So, I think this question was asked slightly that I missed a bit. So, basically, given the 

 
Sri Lotus Developers & Realty Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
cost front-loading we have on multiple new launches, how are we planning to protect our 
margins and achieving this guidance?  
Rakesh Gupta: 
So, our margin, as you see that we have guided in the range of 25% to 30%. And we are very 
much confident that looking at the numbers, which is almost in the range of 30% size margin, 
looking at the bookings and enquiry we have right now, we are very much confident that we will 
achieve the similar kind of number for the next 6 months of H2 FY26. 
Ravi Shah: 
Understood, sir. So, my next question is, what is the average margin we have in redevelopment? 
And how does it compare to a greenfield project? 
Rakesh Gupta: 
So, if you see right now, our majority of the projects are in the redevelopment stage only. We 
have only one project in the upcoming one. The margins generally do not vary that much though. 
Because of the low investment, our average is very high in redevelopment. 
Ravi Shah: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. My last question will be on our funding plan. So, how will we plan 
to fund our new projects which are in our pipeline and will we need more debt going forward? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
So, Ravi, we have that 850 crores cash balance and we have the net worth of 1,700 crores. So, 
in the redevelopment, normally what happens is 10%-15% of the project costs will be invested 
for the lifetime of the project. So, we are confident that we have  sufficient balance and that can 
be easily we can execute the projects. 
Ravi Shah: 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much, sir and all the best.  
Anand Pandit: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nishita Shanklesha from Sapphire 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Yes, hello. So, I just have a clarification question. So, you mentioned that you are expecting 
EBITDA margin to be in the range of 35%-40% and PAT margin to be in the range of 25%-30% 
is that correct? 
Rakesh Gupta: 
Yes, it is correct. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
And this is for FY26, right? 
Rakesh Gupta: 
Yes, for FY26 and maybe in the future also. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
So, I think that earlier our EBITDA margin used to be higher than the 35%-40% that we have 
guided now. Can you give me a reason why it was higher earlier and if we can reach to that level 
again? 

 
Sri Lotus Developers & Realty Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Rakesh Gupta: 
So, we have already mentioned in our comments that there was one specific project in the last 
financial year, which there was a little bit of price appreciation over there. And because of that, 
the EBITDA margin and the PAT margin is on higher side in the last financial year. Though we 
are now very much confident to achieve EBITDA margin of 35-40% in the current financial year 
as well as next fiscal year and we want to continue with that number. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
And the revenue that we are targeting to achieve in FY26 is around the range of 900-1,000 crores, 
right? 
Rakesh Gupta: 
Yes, we have guided on that. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Yohan Batliwala from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Yohan Batliwala: 
Good morning, everyone. I have two questions. My first question is on the lines of your faster 
execution schedule. So, I can see in your presentation, your ongoing projects are getting 
completed earliest by FY27. Although, do we expect any project to get completed before that by 
the end of second half this year? That's the first question. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
So, no. We are maybe 6 months before we can achieve in the Arcadian. The balance, the Amalfi 
and the Varun will be in the same line whatever we have projected. 
Yohan Batliwala: 
And my second question is on the business development front. So, you added six projects in the 
first half. What is the estimated GDV potential for that, for those six projects? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
So, around 5,000 crores. 
Yohan Batliwala: 
5,000 crores, roughly 1,000 crores in the second quarter? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Yes. 
Yohan Batliwala: 
Alright. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Nikhil Oswal from Oswal Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Oswal: 
So, just continuing from the question which Nishita asked. I can understand the EBITDA 
margins would be lower going forward. So, but this quarter, it's coming to around 29%. Any 
specific reason why it is lesser than our guided range? 
Rakesh Gupta: 
So, Nikhil, the numbers could not match every quarter. There could be variation every quarter 
depending on what kind of project we are executing this quarter. This quarter, we have seen that 

 
Sri Lotus Developers & Realty Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
the two new projects were launched recently and some revenue part came from them. And due 
to initial stage of any project, the margins are a little lower. As the project progresses, we tend 
to get higher returns and improve margins. 
Nikhil Oswal: 
So, this will normalize as we go forward, right? In the range of 35 to 40. Fine. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Mehta from MR Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Raj Mehta: 
Thank you, sir, so much for the opportunity. My first question is, can you throw some colors on 
collections and how much is it now pushed to Q3? 
Rakesh Gupta: 
So, we have already collected 175 crores for the H1 and for Q2, the collection was 106 crores. 
And the two projects which are launched recently, the collection was with little bit on lower side 
because the launch was in last week only and collection has been pushed to the Quarter 3 and 
Quarter 4. So, generally, our collection would be in the range of 45% to 60% of the pre-sale 
amount, which we are expecting for the financial year. 
Raj Mehta: 
So, my other question was for project Varun, which specific approvals are pending that are 
delaying the launch? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
So, all the approval is in place and we have already launched this project. 
Raj Mehta: 
And sir, I had one last question. What will be our business development strategy and what are 
the reasons why societies will choose you as the developer? 
Anand Pandit: 
So, we have a very strong team of business development. And I, as Managing Director of the 
company I head that committee. When we go to societies, we understand what is their need. 
They want to see your experience in redevelopment, which we have very large redevelopment 
experience. Number two, execution capability. Our execution is one of the fastest in the industry. 
So, that is what they like. Number three, in redevelopment process, we treat those projects as 
ultra luxury or uber luxury. So, in that space, there are hardly any players. So, that is our third 
advantage. Fourth is kind of cliental what we have, starting from celebrities to HNIs to 
corporates to multinational companies. So, that portfolio is very impressive. And most important 
thing is we treat them as our first clients. So, because of all this, we get skewed towards top of 
the spiral. 
Raj Mehta: 
That was all. Thank you so much.  
Anand Pandit: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 

 
Sri Lotus Developers & Realty Limited 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Anand Pandit: 
We thank everyone for joining the call today. We hope we have been able to give you a detailed 
preview of our business and also answer your queries. We are confident in our brand and our 
focus remains on executing our Rs. 13,000 to 14,000 crores solid pipeline, sustaining our market 
leadership in Mumbai's luxury redevelopment segment and delivering superior returns. We 
appreciate your continued trust.  
For any further queries or clarifications, please feel free to reach out to SGA, our investor relations advisors. Thank you once 
again and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you, members of the Management. On behalf of Sri Lotus Developers 
and Realty Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
