 
 
 
 
 
Zensar Technologies Limited, Zensar Knowledge 
Park, Plot No. 4, MIDC Kharadi, Off Nagar Road, 
Pune 411014 
www.zensar.com 
investor@zensar.com 
CIN: L72200PN1963PLC012621 
+(20) 6607 4000, 2700 4000 
+(20) 6605 7888 
November 10, 2025 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Service Department, 
1st Floor, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 504067 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),    
Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
Symbol: ZENSARTECH 
 
 
Sub.: Q2FY26 Results - Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated October 27, 2025, please note that the transcript of the earnings 
call held on Friday, October 31, 2025, at 9:00 P.M. (IST) w.r.t discussion on the Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025, has been made available on 
the website of the Company at https://www.zensar.com/investors/investor-corner  
 
This is for your information and dissemination purpose. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Zensar Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Anand Daga 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANAND 
CHAMPALAL 
DAGA
Digitally signed by 
ANAND CHAMPALAL 
DAGA 
Date: 2025.11.10 
15:41:20 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Zensar Technologies Limited Q2 FY-26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH TANDON – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. PULKIT BHANDARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. VIJAYASIMHA ALILUGHATTA – CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER – ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK RANJAN – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES 
OFFICER, ZENSAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KEVAL BHAGAT – MOTILAL OSWAL 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Zensar Technologies Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Keval Bhagat from Motilal Oswal. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Keval Bhagat: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Securities, I welcome you all 
to Zensar Technologies Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call. 
We have with us Mr. Manish Tandon – CEO and Managing Director, Mr. Pulkit Bhandari – 
Chief Financial Officer, and few other members of the Senior Management Team. 
Before I hand over the call to Manish, I would like to highlight that the safe harbor statement on 
the 2nd Slide of the Earnings Presentation is assumed to be read and understood. Over to you, 
sir. 
Manish Tandon: 
Thank you, Keval. And hello, good morning, good afternoon, good evening, everyone, and thank 
you for joining this call on a late Friday evening. Besides Pulkit and Vijay that Keval mentioned, 
we also have Vivek Ranjan – our Chief HR Officer, Chief People's Officer, also on this call.  
This quarter, Zensar delivered steady revenue and margin growth through disciplined execution 
and a sharp focus on capability building. We continued to scale our AI talent and deepen our 
commitment to delivering meaningful experiences for our clients. 
We are proud to announce the launch of ZenseAI, our next generation platform designed to 
elevate how we deliver on our core value proposition of Experience, Engineering, and 
Engagement. In a first-of-its-kind example, we have updated our website, zensar.com, to 
showcase our AI-led transformation. 
I would encourage you to visit our AI chatbot on that website. These milestones reflect our drive 
to deliver secure, personalized, and enduring value to our clients. Our strategy remains clear, 
client-centricity, adopt to global shifts, and lead with AI. 
Moving towards our quarter performance: 
For Q2 FY '26, Zensar reported revenues of $162.8 million, a year-over-year growth of 4.2% in 
reported currency, and 3.4% in constant currency. It translates into a sequential Q-o-Q growth 
of 0.5% in reported currency. 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
On a Q-o-Q reported currency basis, revenues rose 5.6% in Banking and Financial Services, 
3.9% in Healthcare and Life Sciences, and 0.1% in Manufacturing and Consumer Services, while 
Telecommunication, Media, and Technology declined by 9.9%. This performance underscores 
our ability to drive momentum consistently, even in a dynamic market environment. 
As we mentioned last time, effectively July 1st, we announced annual salary hikes for all our 
employees. Today, we are pleased to inform you that we have absorbed the impact of one-time 
bonuses and annual appraisals without compromising our operational pace and margins. Our 
gross profits improved to 31.0%, sequential growth of 50 bps quarter-on-quarter, EBITDA 
improved to 15.4%, sequential growth of 20 bps Q-o-Q, and with improved utilization. This 
coupled with 9.8% attrition demonstrates our commitment to employee recognition and financial 
discipline, while continuing to execute our strategic priorities. 
With that, I will now invite Pulkit Bhandari- our Chief Financial Officer, to provide an update 
on critical financial data.  
Pulkit Bhandari: 
Thank you, Manish. Good day, everyone. Thank you for joining this call. 
I will take you through some of the key business and financial metrics for the quarter ending 
September '25: 
The overall macroeconomic environment remains unchanged. Evolving U.S. policies, 
particularly around trade tariffs and visa regulations are creating further challenges across 
businesses. However, cost optimization and productivity-linked programs are gaining traction, 
supported by cloud modernization, cybersecurity, and early generative AI initiatives. Clients are 
increasingly focused on vendor consolidation and outcome-based engagements, driving 
selective deal momentum. The reported revenue for the second quarter of financial year 2026 
stood at $162.8 million in U.S. dollar terms, reflecting a growth of 4.2% Y-o-Y and 0.5% 
sequentially in reported terms. In constant currency terms, Y-o-Y revenue grew by 3.4% and 
sequentially it remained flat. 
Our EBITDA this quarter expanded by 20 bps sequentially, despite absorbing impact of wage 
hike, offset with favorable exchange gains. Additionally, operational improvements such as 
enhanced utilization, improved shore mix, and targeted cost control initiatives have contributed 
positively to our margin performance. Our PAT for the quarter stood at 12.8%. 
Some other key highlights: 
• 
We launched ZenseAI, agentic AI platform to drive enterprise-level innovation and 
intelligence.  
• 
Zensar was named a challenger in Avasant Digital Masters Award in 2025.  
• 
Our order book for the quarter stood at $158.7 million. 
• 
Our book-to-bill ratio for the first half of the year is 1.02, indicating a sustainable 
business momentum.  

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
• 
Cash including investments, stood at $293.0 million post-dividend payout declared in 
previous quarter.  
• 
DSO increased by 3 days to 75, majorly due to exchange impact. 
• 
Our attrition was constant at 9.8%.  
• 
Our diluted EPS grew to INR 7.9 per share, which is 16.2% growth Y-o-Y. 
On ESG front, Zensar received CRISIL ESG score of 71, up from 69, placing it in CRISIL's 
highest “Leadership” category for ESG ratings. 
With that, I will now invite Vijay, our Chief Operating Officer, to comment further on Q2 FY 
'26 results. 
Vijayasimha Alilughatta: 
Thank you, Manish and Pulkit. Greetings, everyone. I will share details about our operational 
efficacy, Service Line performance, and AI journey. 
Our utilization for the quarter stood at 84.8%, which is 200 basis points higher Y-o-Y and 50 
basis points higher Q-o-Q. The rigor associated with accelerated fulfillment and capability 
enrichment continued in Q2 FY '26. 
We had a gross addition of 831 employees. Our voluntary attrition was 9.8%. This is the third 
successive quarter where our voluntary attrition has been below 10%.  
The offerings from our service lines and industry services groups continue to resonate well with 
our clients.  
• 
The share of revenues from our service lines increased to 68.0%, which is 150 basis 
points higher Y-o-Y. 
• 
On a Y-o-Y reported currency basis: 
o 
Cloud Infrastructure and Security Services grew by 14.1%  
o 
Data Engineering and Analytics grew by 9.2% 
o 
Products and Platforms, including CMO Services, grew by 4.3% 
o 
Enterprise Application Services had a degrowth of 2.6%. 
Our ZenseAI platform continues to find resonance among our clients. We have further enriched 
the agent library of our platform by creating many relevant industry-specific domain agents. We 
have also created agents that accelerate legacy modernization. 
AI capability enrichment of our people has gained additional momentum. Over the last 4 months, 
more than 5,000 people have deepened their skills by leveraging the multi-tiered learning 
journeys in AI, Gen AI, and Agentic AI. 
We have also intensified the focus on enhancing the leadership proficiency in emerging AI areas, 
thereby creating a pool of strong strategic consultants who guide clients on their AI first 
transformation journey. 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
We continue to deliver significant value to our clients in key AI engagements. Some examples 
of value delivered are:  
• 
We executed an application modernization program for a global financial major as 
part of their customer experience improvement program, leveraging our innovative 
Gen AI solutions across the SDLC cycle, we were able to accelerate go-to-market by 
25%. 
• 
We have built a real-time AI-powered fraud analytics solution to process mobile 
claims. The model reduces the workload for claim processing by 40%, with an 
accuracy of 96%.  
• 
We delivered a computer vision-based defect detection system that significantly 
enhances a leading client's quality control processes in industrial tube manufacturing. 
• 
We are partnering with a large retailer to create an agentic AI-based ecosystem to build 
APIs in a factory model. This is driving cost efficiencies to the tune of 70%. 
With that, we can now open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much.  
We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait 
for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
Our first question comes from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec India. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes. Hi, good evening, everyone. I think we had a good quarter from a BFSI and Healthcare 
perspective, but I think TMT has been a pain point again. And it appears, at least on the service 
line side, that this is on the experience services side. Could you give us some context there? And 
do you think this has sort of bottomed out from that perspective? Any color Top Client versus 
Experience Services alone? And do you think it's bottomed out? So, that's the first question. 
Manish Tandon: 
Hi, Nitin. Thank you for your question. This is Manish. So, yes, we have seen a good amount of 
traction in all our other verticals except TMT. And what I would say is I see a more secular trend 
on TMT in terms of the amount of money that is being put in CapEx by some of our clients. And 
you would have seen a lot of announcements in terms of rationalization of workforce and RIFs 
that they have done and that they are planning to do. 
As a very senior CEO said that you can have either GPUs or people, not both. So, we are seeing 
that a lot of OpEx is being rationalized in the TMT space to spend it on CapEx-related things. 
And we don't see this trend going away in a hurry, unfortunately. 
The fortunate thing for us is that as we have been saying that our exposure to the TMT sector 
has been coming down successively. And hence, the impact on us will hopefully be less going 
forward as compared to others who have higher exposure to the sector.  

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. Got it. So, we have 2 verticals which haven't been really firing, right? So, one is TMT 
and one is MCS. It's done maybe slightly better earlier, but this quarter has been soft. What do 
you think will sort of get a consolidated double digit growth for us? Because I think last year we 
did 2 large deals and anything on that front that could sort of help improve growth, anything 
from an acquisition perspective that could help sort of alter the portfolio in some form. How are 
you thinking about this? 
Manish Tandon: 
So, Nitin, to be frank, except for this TMT headwind, I am feeling very, very positive about our 
business. Our pipeline is quite good, including our large deal pipeline. 
From a pipeline perspective, we have one of the highest qualified pipelines that we have seen in 
our history, including a good large deal pipeline. It's just a matter of converting some of these 
things in the next couple of quarters. 
And you know we are a company that is focused a lot on execution. So, I feel, except for this 
TMT headwind, I actually feel very good about our business. I feel good about, as I said, our 
pipeline. I feel very good about the fact that despite giving salary hikes and taking about a 2% 
EBITDA hit, we were still able to deliver mid-teen margins. 
So, again, as I said, I feel very good about what we are doing on AI. And as I said, except for 
this TMT thing, feel pretty good about the business. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. Got it. Very helpful. Any thoughts on the deal wins? This quarter has been soft. You think 
it's just a timing issue and it should start coming back? Because at least it looks like the pipeline 
is pretty strong and all of that. So, you think we should start seeing a bounce back from a deal 
win-closure perspective? 
Manish Tandon: 
Yes, I think it's just a timing issue. Because of the Liberation Day, tariffs and all that, uncertainty 
was introduced in the market. So, a couple of deals got shifted to the next quarter. Also, when I 
looked at it, typically this quarter is low on renewals, because most of the renewals happen in 
Q4 or in Q1. And it's summertime in Europe, so again, business is a bit slow there. But when I 
go deeper into my order bookings, I see a reasonable amount of traction on Existing New and 
NN. And hence, I am not really too worried about what I am seeing there. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Perfect. Perfect. Thank you so much. I will come back for a follow-up. All the best.  
Manish Tandon: 
Thank you, Nitin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Manish, if I look at the book-to-bill in this quarter being 0.97x, 
which is one of the lowest in the last 11 quarters, and even if you need to report a flat TCV this 
year, the ask rate in the next second half would be about $220 million. That looks like a tall task. 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
And business visibility in terms of growth beyond FY '26 will be dependent upon TCV growth 
happening in FY '26. So, in that scenario, are you worried that the billed TCV this year may 
hamper the growth in the next year outside TMT as a concern which you have highlighted?  
Manish Tandon: 
So, Sandeep, again a great question. Look, am I worried? I am paranoid about everything. But 
this is not something that I am really worried about primarily, because I think the pipeline that 
we are dealing with is pretty good. It's a question of being able to convert a couple of them 
quickly. And we are hoping that we will be able to announce some of them soon enough. 
So, I am not unduly worried about it overall. And again, it's a question of perspective. If that hit 
on TMT was not there, we would have grown something like 4% this quarter, right? So, it's a 
matter of perspective. And as I said, I feel good about our business. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Manish, just further here, are you targeting TCV growth this year that will happen on 
$775 million TCV booked in FY '25?  
Manish Tandon: 
See Sandeep, there are only a few numbers that I track and worry about. And like you, I am most 
worried about top line and bottom line, and that is where the focus is.  
Bottom line, as I said, we have been very focused and consistent in terms of mid-teens EBITDA 
delivery. In fact, our PAT, if you look at cash conversion of our EBITDA, it's one of the highest 
in the industry. Our PAT is 12.8%, close to 13% on an average. So, that is really, I feel, 
exceptional overall. 
So, to answer your question, am I really looking at higher, lower TCV or am I really worried 
about it. I don't think so.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just last few things, 3Q generally has a furlough season for you and the industry. 
How do you see the performance in 3Q this time? 
Manish Tandon: 
See Q3 is a weak quarter for everyone in the industry. The furlough impact will be there. It will 
happen to us also, like others. The only silver lining in the drop in TMT in Q3 is that the furlough 
impact will be perhaps less in Q3 than it would have been had TMT grown. So, I don't see any 
material change in the furlough situation overall for the industry. But since our exposure to TMT 
has successively reduced over the years, I am hopeful that we will not be impacted as much.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just last thing, offshore revenue mix has gone up. So, is it fair to assume the volume 
growth is higher than the headline growth? 
Manish Tandon: 
Yes, we are. One of the reasons why we have been able to deliver better margins is that we have 
been able to get a lot more work done offshore, and that is a positive for us. And we are seeing 
some amount of volume growth. Obviously, although our headcount is not increasing, but our 
utilization is increasing. So, yes, there is perhaps more volume growth than what is being 
reflected in the revenues. 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Thanks. I have a question on margin. Will come in the follow-up. Thanks. 
Manish Tandon: 
Thanks, Sandeep. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity, Manish. Just wanted to prod you with regards to a weakness 
that we have seen in the Hi-tech vertical. If you could help us understand, is this some particular 
customer specific as has been the case over the course of last several years? Or this will be 
probably more broad-based, and especially given over the course of last 2-2.5 years, you have 
focused in terms of diversifying the presence in this industry segment. That's question number 
one. 
The second question is with regards to our performance in other verticals like Financial Services. 
If you could help us understand what are you seeing on the ground and how should we be 
thinking about possibly the furlough value? You did mention that the furlough impact will be 
much lesser, but it will be good to understand in terms of how you are thinking about furloughs 
compared to the July quarter, heading into the third quarter in the Hi-Tech world. Thanks. 
Manish Tandon: 
I think I have answered the first question, but I will reiterate it that it doesn't matter whether it's 
1 client or 2 clients or 3 clients. What we are seeing is that there is a secular trend in the 
technology, particularly in the technology space where they are investing heavily on CapEx, on 
GPUs, on data centers, and that money has to come from somewhere, and that money is currently 
being shifted from OpEx. 
I am sure you are reading the same newspapers that I am. Almost everyone has announced a 
significant layoff in the tens of thousands, not in thousands. So, I would say it is more a secular 
trend than a client-specific trend that we are seeing. 
On the other vertical, as I said I have been very positive about. We are doing really, really well, 
knock on wood, in Banking and Financial Services and Insurance. We are doing well in 
Healthcare and Life Sciences. 
I think things are really picking up in Manufacturing and Consumer Services for us. And if you 
look at the other things, things are looking up for us in both Africa and in Europe. Almost all 
other parts of the business seem to be doing okay. And as I said, it's just a question of making 
sure that we can take the hits in TMT, and we can make up for those in the other verticals. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. And one last question with regards to our non-delivery workforce. We have seen a 
significant increase in the first half compared to last year. Is this some reclass issue or there is 
significant investment around sales and account management that you have probably stepped up 
to this first half of the year? 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Manish Tandon: 
I am sorry, can you explain what you mean by non-delivery workforce?  
Manik Taneja: 
So, I was just referring to the non-delivery workforce. At least it appears to... 
Manish Tandon: 
What do you mean by non-delivery? 
Manik Taneja: 
So, the overall headcount minus the technical headcount. 
Manish Tandon: 
Okay, just give us a minute.  
Pulkit Bhandari: 
This is a minor increase of around 40 people. And this is across the board. It is not just basically 
sales. It will be across multiple other functions which are there. So, we don't really see this as 
any major deviation or major cost. 
The workforce is basically on sales as well. But yes, this will be each and every headcount which 
may be there in multiple support functions. 
Manik Taneja: 
Okay. And one last clarification question. You mentioned about confidence of closing certain 
large deals for you in the foreseeable future. If you could help us understand or provide us some 
color as to which industry segments are you essentially seeing some of these deals being in 
advanced stages. Thank you.  
Manish Tandon: 
All I can say is that we are seeing these in sectors where we are doing well, and we are not seeing 
these in sectors where we are not doing well. Beyond that, I would not like to comment. 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you, Manish. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Keval Bhagat. Please go ahead. 
Keval Bhagat: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Manish, so in the last quarter, you have highlighted that nearly 
30% of active pipeline was AI-driven, right, and then 20% of bookings were AI-driven. So, has 
that proposal increased or decreased in Q2? What kind of client use cases are scaling faster? And 
in which vertical we are seeing a good amount of traction?  
And also, could you share an early feedback on ZenseAI adoption? So, are clients moving from 
a pilot to production stage? Or are you beginning to monetize this platform beyond POC stage? 
Yes. Thank you. 
Manish Tandon: 
So, I just wanted to share that good news with you and thank you for asking that question. 28% 
of our order bookings this quarter are AI-influenced order bookings. Now, I just want to clarify 
what AI-influenced means. AI-influenced means that we led with an AI-infused solution to the 
client. And from last quarter, as you said, 21%, this quarter, it is about 28% overall. Pulkit, do 
you want to add any more color? 
Pulkit Bhandari: 
No, I think that's good enough. On this kind of solutions which… 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Manish Tandon: 
Yes, solutions. Vijay, you want to give some color on all the interesting stuff that we are doing 
on AI? And hey guys, just go to our website and there is this beautiful chatbot, that AI-bot, not 
chatbot, AI-bot that we have created on our website. It even answers financial questions. So, you 
can ask the quarterly revenues for the last four quarters and all and it will give you some of those 
numbers. You can ask us about our capabilities, etc. I mean, this is true AI in action. Vijay, over 
to you. 
Vijayasimha Alilughatta: 
Yes, I think on the ZenseAI platform, we are seeing a lot of traction and resonance with our 
clients. Broadly, there are 2-3 dimensions where the clients are leveraging it. The connected 
intelligence framework is helping our clients look at the overall, how to leverage their 
intelligence and then build applications on top of it. So, that is really working well. The agents 
associated with legacy modernization, that's finding a lot of traction. We've also built specific 
industry level agents that help in things like fraud detection, automation of testing and things 
like that. So, definitely there is a lot of traction and in the coming days, we expect that this will 
drive further growth on our AI space. 
Keval Bhagat: 
Yes, that was helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Manish, you had mentioned that you would aspire for a double digit 
growth in FY'26. So, that would have meant a fairly decent quarter on a QOQ basis in 2Q. So, 
did this slow growth come as a surprise to you? And this CAPEX that you're talking about being 
done by the high tech customers has been happening for a while now. So, did something change? 
Was there some vendor consolidation exercise that you lost out on, stuff like that? If you can 
give some color on this? 
Manish Tandon: 
There is no, as I said, this is a secular trend that we are observing. There is no vendor 
consolidation that has impacted us to the best of my knowledge. And I think my knowledge is 
pretty good on this front. So, that was on TMT. What was your first question, Girish, on double 
digits? 
Girish Pai: 
Yes, you mentioned double digit growth. And did the quarter come as a surprise to you? 
Manish Tandon: 
Yes, the quarter came as a surprise to us. But the industry growth rate of 4% to 6% or even less. 
NASSCOM's revision downwards of the industry growth rate also came as a surprise to me. And 
I think it's high time we recalibrate what we expect from the industry. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. Do you think FY'26 is going to be a better growth year compared to FY'25 now that we 
are facing, I mean, we are in Q3 with furlough situation and stuff like that? 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Manish Tandon: 
Girish, see, I don't want to comment on future. We don't give guidance, as you know. So, I don't 
want to comment on growth rate for the rest of the year. So, I would guess that you have to make 
your own estimates based on the commentary that you are hearing. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. And just on the margin walk on a QOQ basis, you mentioned something like 200 basis 
point headwind from salary hike. So, what were the offsets for that? 
Pulkit Bhandari: 
So, what we had called out, I think, last quarter as well, is that roughly around $3.2 million is 
the cost of salary increase, which comes into this quarter. That has been offset largely by better 
utilization, improved shore mix and some targeted cost control initiatives that we had planned 
for. So, I would say all that came together to help us absorb this headwind on basically salary 
increase in a successful way. 
Girish Pai: 
Was there any FOREX tailwind? And can you quantify how much that was? 
Pulkit Bhandari: 
So, there is no quantification that we will give on the FOREX part. But was there some partial 
benefit on account of FOREX? Yes, there was partial benefit on account of FOREX as well. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. My last question is on margins. Do you think we are underinvesting either from wins 
perspective or from a capability building perspective or from an AI platform perspective? And 
has this come late or should we aspire for slightly lower margins? 
Pulkit Bhandari: 
No. So, the short answer is that are we underinvesting? No, we are not. And one of the key 
reasons as to why we give broader guidance on margin, not specific, is because we want to keep 
the flexibility of investment at our end. So, no, we are not underinvesting. We are rightfully 
investing in all the areas that we should be focusing on. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shradha Agarwal from AMSEC. Please 
go ahead. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Hi. Two questions from my side. So, Pulkit, did we see any impact of the new ESOP scheme 
which got effective this quarter? And if yes, what was the impact and what should we build in 
for second half of the year? 
Pulkit Bhandari: 
So, Shradha, basically the new ESOP scheme was approved mid of September. So, the impact 
that you saw is only for 18 days. That is point number one.  
Second, rather than basically building a specific impact or number on ESOP, what I would 
request you is to triangulate the margins in the mid-teen range that we have been talking about, 
which gives us the flexibility to invest not just in people but also in capabilities. So, I think that 
is where we will be for the next few quarters. And that is what we have been guiding as well. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
But what should be the ballpark range of ESOP impact on margins? 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Pulkit Bhandari: 
Whatever the impact… 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Not 18 days, but I am saying for a full quarter impact. 
Pulkit Bhandari: 
That is what I am saying. Even for the coming quarter, what you have to triangulate is roughly 
the same mid-teen guidance that you are seeing.. So, there is no real reason to give a specific 
number. But mid-teens is what you should be working with. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Got it. And if I look at your margin composition, actually on gross profit, we improved our 
margins by 100 bps despite the 200-bps impact of salary hike, one-time bonus, and 18 days 
impact of ESOP cost that you are talking of. So, I do understand that rupee depreciation would 
have helped margins. But apart from that, what was the lever that helped us sail through all these 
negatives and still show 100 bps gross profit margin expansion? 
Pulkit Bhandari: 
So, as I said, rupee, utilization, mix, and there were certain targeted cost control initiatives as 
well. So, ASR is something that we knew is going to basically come, which we knew basically 
in Q1. And we at least had no plans to defer it like say some players would do. And to that extent, 
we planned around it. And to that extent, those cost actions helped us negate the ASR increase. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Got it. Thanks. And one question for you, Manish. I know there have been a lot of views around 
layoffs in tech companies. But when we look at the growth numbers reported by your peers in 
the same segment of high tech, broadly, to my best recall, most companies have reported 
sequential growth, despite the same industry headwinds impacting them as well. So, what was 
the specific reason that you would attribute to Zensar that has led to a very sharp decline for us 
in particular? 
Manish Tandon: 
I would just say that don't look at a quarter, a single quarter in isolation. One swallow doesn't 
make a summer. So, look at the overall trend and see, for some of us it might hit us early. People 
with more discretionary spend as a part of the revenue mix will get impacted earlier. Those who 
have more annuity-based spend will get impacted later. And that's why I wanted to highlight that 
I am seeing this as a secular trend. And we should not be reading it as just an individual Zensar 
trend. As I said, for some, it will come now. For some, it will come later. And hopefully, things 
will improve. For some, it may not come at all, even in maybe Q4 or Q1. But that would be more 
related to nature of business and their client portfolios, rather than that this secular trend is not 
there. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Got it. And just one clarification, Manish, if I can. So, there was no preponement of furloughs 
that we had seen last year in 2Q that had an additional bearing? 
Manish Tandon: 
No, there is no preponement of furloughs. And Shradha, you've been asking about margins. I 
just want you to know that as a management team, we are very committed to maintain margins. 
There will be things every quarter, up, down, etc. But again, we plan for it, we look at it, and we 
make sure that we try and stick to that range that we have guided for. Takes a lot of effort, and 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
it takes a lot of planning to get it done. So, I would say, I would advise that we all focus on the 
overall margin profiles rather than the individual elements of it. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Got it. This is helpful. Thanks, Manish. Thanks, Pulkit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jalaj from Swan. Please go ahead. 
Jalaj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Manish, apologies at the start for again harping on the TMT vertical. 
But just one question. So, should we consider this as the newer base in terms of the absolute 
numbers or there is more pain to see from here? Because what you called out looks like a 
structural change, then the priorities of the spends will change. And if we are not present in those 
areas, obviously in the CAPEX related, then the revenue streams would not flow to us. So, how 
should we understand this? And then maybe not just next quarter or broadly, so I am trying to 
understand. 
Manish Tandon: 
See, the sector has been stressed for quite some time. So, I don't know and I don't really have a 
crystal ball to say that, okay, this is the worst and is behind us or the best is ahead of us or 
whatever. But the sector has been under stress, not only for us, but for others also across the 
board. And so this is not a one-time thing. And I would say something or the other keeps 
happening in this sector. Now, this time it is GPUs. Then last couple of years, they had overspent 
after COVID and they were trying to rationalize the cost. So, till now, I would say this is a sector 
under stress. I frankly don't know. And whoever says they know, maybe I should seek their 
advice because the way AI is evolving is changing pretty much every day. So, I am not sure how 
I can be certain as to what will happen next quarter or quarter after. But as I said, this sector has 
been under stress for quite some time. 
Jalaj: 
Got it. Manish, just a follow up on that part. So, I get what you were saying and it makes logically 
sense. But considering the discussions you are having with the clients since you are the closest 
to them, what sort of discussions are you having as in there is more to come or in the near term, 
what sorts of discussions with the clients are you having? 
Manish Tandon: 
Clients in this space only talk of one thing, AI. As simple as that. Rest, they are very keen on 
showing to the world that AI can drive productivity improvement. The best way of showing that 
is by showing that they can do the same with less number of people, period. So, that is the 
conversation that I am having with almost all the clients in this space. Everyone is very bullish 
about AI. Everyone wants to prove that they are at the bleeding edge of this and everyone wants 
to prove to the rest of the world that AI is delivering value and improving productivity. Now 
you can figure out how you want to interpret it. So, that is where you asked me truthfully. I am 
answering truthfully. This is what I am hearing. 
Jalaj: 
Thank you. That was very helpful. And the second question was around that while you had 
started this journey at Zensar, there was an objective or an aspiration to start to move towards 
the top quartile or every year to move to the next quartile in terms of growth amongst our peers. 
So, where are we on that journey and has there been any change in that aspiration or that phase? 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Manish Tandon: 
Last year we were number four in the industry performance and revenue growth in terms of INR 
terms. And this was when at least two of those three players ahead of us had done inorganic stuff 
and we had not done anything material inorganically. So, I think we are doing well on the overall 
target that we have set for ourselves. And again, I would say in terms of INR terms, if you see 
our year-over-year growth, we would still be somewhere in the top half of the range rather than 
in the bottom half of the range irrespective of this quarter. 
Jalaj: 
Got it. My only point was as an investor or somebody who's involved with you guys, we would 
want that journey to accelerate. So, I just wanted to know your thoughts. 
Manish Tandon: 
I also want that journey to accelerate. But again, we are part of the same market, right? So, if 
there are headwinds in the market, then it impacts all of us. I am still running at 100 miles an 
hour. But if the headwind is 50 miles an hour, then the average speed is 50 only, right? 
Jalaj: 
Understood. So, what I wanted to understand is if there is any more investments you need to put 
in for any sorts of capability building that you are aspiring for or investing in, just some thoughts 
around that? 
Manish Tandon: 
No, as Pulkit rightly said, we solve for our investments. As a management team, we are deeply 
committed to our shareholders. We use our cash judiciously. We invest in things judiciously. 
And believe me, if we have to invest for growth, that investment is being made. We are not 
shirking away from making that investment. 
Jalaj: 
Understood. Got it. Thanks a lot and best of luck. 
Manish Tandon: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the follow up. Manish, just in the 1Q earnings call, you said worst seems behind in 
TMT. But you also made a statement, will it lead to a Q-on-Q growth? You said you are not sure 
about the same. So, is it, that there is a sudden change which given you a negative surprise in 
2Q versus 1Q? And on a longer term basis, as you are saying, it's a secular trend, what are the 
corrective measures we are taking in terms of diversification and making sure that the TMT 
journey does not impact the growth? Because that has been the cause in the last many years. 
Manish Tandon: 
Yes, true. Thanks, Sandeep. I mean, you have been following us for very long. Our share of 
TMT has been progressively coming down year-over-year. And really, the only solution is to 
grow other parts of the business much faster than what TMT can decline. And as the share of 
TMT business has declined overall, we find that we are progressively improving our risk profile 
from TMT. So, just to put things in perspective, FY'24, 27.1% of our revenue was TMT. Now it 
is only 20% in this quarter. So, we have been and despite this decline, we have still been 
delivering revenue growth, right? So, that strategy still remains in play. As you can see, all other 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
verticals, we have seen growth. And we will continue to play on that strategy. I mean, there's no 
point in going after, if there is a secular decline in a vertical, then there's no point in investing 
excessive energy into that. The marginal rate of return is fairly limited. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just on manufacturing consumer service, you were expecting growth to come back in this 
quarter. Though the decline is lower, but still there is a constant currency decline of 0.6% in this 
quarter. So, how do you see growth prospects in this segment? 
Manish Tandon: 
Good pipeline is all I can say. We have a fairly good pipeline in this thing. And good news is 
that in normal currency, it still grew 0.1%. MCS still grew 0.1%. And I think this quarter is also 
a quarter where there is a lot of spend in retail because of season time, and so on. So, we also 
have a decent pipeline in this sector. So, I am not too concerned about this sector. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just curiosity about how is the dependence on the H1B visa for us now? And how do 
we see to reduce that going forward? 
Manish Tandon: 
See, we are not H1B dependent at all. Out of, I mean, there is some information that we have, 
we hardly have less than 3% of our people using H1Bs of the overall workforce, less than 3%. 
Also, as a company, we have been consciously trying to hire locally for a very long time. So, we 
are not as dependent on H1B as some of our peers. And anyway, Sandeep, this is going to impact 
only in November of next year. And because this new rules are applicable only in the new lottery. 
And one year is a long time in any business and it's a very long time in politics. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Dhanshree Jadhav from Choice Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
Thanks for taking my question. My question is pertaining to discretionary spending. I would like 
to get your thoughts on how your client conversations have been this quarter regarding the 
discretionary spend. I mean, the discretionary spending is higher compared to peers, so on that 
front. And also on AI-led productivity gains, if you can share how that is infusing or improving 
our margins, some qualitative aspect would be helpful. Thanks. 
Manish Tandon: 
So, on discretionary spend, any AI-related discretionary spend is very welcome by clients. Any 
non-AI-related discretionary spend is a tough call to take by clients. As you know, with 
Liberation Day tariffs and things changing every day, there are enough and more uncertainties. 
And in an uncertain environment, typically you will do mostly non-discretionary projects. But 
as I said, as far as AI is concerned, it's open season for discretionary projects also. Regarding the 
benefits of AI, productivity benefits of AI, it's too early to call it out. And what we are trying to 
do is making sure that the benefits of whatever are shared significantly with our clients. So, that 
is where we are using it more as a competitive lever rather than a productivity edge. 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
Thank you. That is helpful. 

 
Zensar Technologies Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kuber from Axis Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Kuber: 
Thank you for taking my question. Most of my questions have been answered. Just one question. 
In terms of demand, where we are witnessing growth in terms of geography? 
Manish Tandon: 
As I said, except for TMT, we are seeing pretty good pipeline. In terms of geography, I mean, if 
you leave aside TMT, then we are seeing growth in US; we are seeing growth in UK and Europe; 
we are seeing growth in South Africa. 
Kuber: 
And moving ahead, because we have seen a sequential decline in the US, so are we expecting 
any sequential decline further or is it going to get revived? 
Manish Tandon: 
No. See, again you can't mix vertical. See, as I said, except for TMT as a vertical, which is 
concentrated primarily in the US, we are seeing positivity everywhere, at least in our business. 
Kuber: 
Okay. That's it from my side. 
Manish Tandon: 
All right, I think hopefully this was the last question. We are at the end of this time. So, first of 
all, again, I want to thank you all for spending your time on a Friday evening, and wish you all 
a great weekend ahead. And as we look ahead, we can see the uncertainty in today's global 
market landscape. But we see this not, we see this AI particularly as an opportunity. It is not a 
threat. It's a big opportunity for all of us. And as your management team responsible, we are 
very, very keen on making sure that we come out winners in this AI opportunity that is presented 
to us. We remain focused on delivering differentiated value through innovation, operational 
discipline and deep commitment to client success. So, road ahead is dynamic, we all know, but 
we are very confident of our strategy, our people and our ability to turn market shifts into 
momentum. Once again, thank you for being on this call on a Friday night, and have a good 
weekend, everyone. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
