• 
 
 
 
ZF Group 
 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
(Formerly known as WABCO INDIA Limited) 
 
Plot No.3 (SP), Third Main Road,  
Registered Office: Plot No.3 (SP), Third Main Road, 
Ambattur Industrial Estate,  
Ambattur Industrial Estate, Chennai - 600058. India 
Chennai - 600058. India  
CIN: L34103TN2004PLC054667 
Phone: +91 44 4224 2000 
  
Phone:  +91 44 42242000. Fax: +91 44 42242009 
Fax: +91 44 4224 2009 
www.zf.com  
www.zf.com 
 
Commercial Vehicle Solutions 
Department 
Finance  
From 
Muthulakshmi M 
Phone 
+91 044-4224 2000 
Email 
muthulakshmi.m@zf.com  
Date 
November 12, 2025 
ZF Group · ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited, Chennai 600058 
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip code: 533023 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
 
Trading Symbol: ZFCVINDIA  
 
 
ISIN : INE342J01019 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor Call held for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 
 
In continuation of our letters dated 31st October 2025 and 6th November 2025 pursuant to 
intimation and recording of investor’s call, we hereby inform that the transcript of the call has been 
uploaded on the website of the Company and the same can be accessed through the following 
link: 
 
https://www.zf.com/mobile/en/company/investor_relations/zf_cv_india_investor_relations/zf_cv_india_ir.html#  
 
Request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
  
Yours sincerely, 
For ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Muthulakshmi M  
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
MANOHARAN 
MUTHULAKSH
MI
Digitally signed by 
MANOHARAN 
MUTHULAKSHMI 
Date: 2025.11.12 
18:11:44 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
Internal 
 
“ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India 
Limited 
Q2 FY 25-26 Post Results Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2025 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PARAMJIT SINGH CHADHA – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ZF COMMERCIAL VEHICLE CONTROL 
SYSTEMS INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. SWETA AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ZF COMMERCIAL VEHICLE CONTROL SYSTEMS INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SHANKAR VENKATACHALAM – HEAD OF OE 
SALES – ZF COMMERCIAL VEHICLE CONTROL 
SYSTEMS INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. MUTHULAKSHMI – COMPANY SECRETARY – ZF 
COMMERCIAL VEHICLE CONTROL SYSTEMS INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ -- BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES  
 
 
 
 
 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Internal
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems 
India Limited Q2 FY '26 Post Results Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call? Please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jayaraj. Thank you, and over to you, sir. Sorry sir Just a 
moment I am unmuting you.  You can start, Mr. Jayaraj. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Ya. Thanks. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today. I welcome you all for the ZF 
Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited earnings call to brief on the Q2 FY 2025, 
'26 quarterly earnings, which will be presented by the management team of ZF Commercial 
Vehicle Control Systems India Limited. 
 
Your host today from ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited are Mr. Paramjit 
Singh Chadha, Managing Director; Sweta Agarwal, CFO; Mr. Shankar Venkatachalam, Head 
of Sales -- OE sales and Ms. Muthulakshmi, Company Secretary. I now hand over the call to 
Mr. Paramjit Singh Chadha, who will provide further insights into the results. Over to you, sir. 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Thank you, Jayaraj. Good afternoon to all. I warmly welcome all of you to ZF Commercial 
Vehicle Control Systems India Limited Second Quarter Results Call for the year '25-'26. Here, 
certain forward-looking statements that we will make today are based on the management's good 
faith and expectation concerning future developments. The actual results may differ materially 
from these expectations because of multiple ongoing factors. 
 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited's results for the quarter ending 
September 30, 2025, were published on 4th November 2025. They are available on the website, 
www.zf.com, under the ZF CV India Investor Relations section. We hope that you have had an 
opportunity to go through that. A transcript of and recorded audio of this call will also be made 
available on the website, www.zf.com , under the ZF CV India Investor Relations section... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, but there is a slight disturbance in the management's line. I will reconnect 
you. Just a moment, sir. 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Okay. Yes. So continuing from where we left, I am happy to talk to you today as we gave you 
an update about the business of the company, including the market and the economy, industry 
and economy updates. So let me begin by highlighting a few key macroeconomic aspects 
relevant to our industry. 
 
The global environment continues to remain volatile. Global GDP growth is projected to slow 
down from 3.3% in 2024 to 3.2% in 2025 and expected at 3.1% in 2026. This is based on the 
various indicators from world economy outlook and global economy influx-related portals. 
However, India's real gross domestic product GDP, driven by strong private consumption and 
fixed investment recorded a robust growth of 7.8% in Q1 2025, '26. 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Internal
 
Moving forward, we have brightened prospects of agriculture, resiliency in service sector, rising 
capacity utilization, conducive financial conditions and improving domestic demand should 
continue to facilitate fixed investment. 
 
Globally, while ongoing tariff and trade policy uncertainties may decrease external demand for 
goods and services, the implementation of growth-inducing structural reforms within India, such 
as streamlining of GST are expected to offset some of the adverse effects of the external 
headwinds. Taking all these factors into account, the real GDP growth for '25-'26 is now 
projected at 6.8% with Q2 at 7% and Q3 at 6.4% and Q4 at 6.2% based on the sources from 
Reserve Bank of India. 
 
India commercial vehicle industry. So let us talk about commercial vehicle industry as we are 
present in above 6 point -ton 6 ton segment in commercial vehicle. We will go through the 
prospects and the current situation. The production of CV more than 6 tons has grown by 7.6% 
over last year. Despite this positive trend in production, the overall CV mix was impacted by 
3.3% decline in the heavy-duty segment, where our products are predominantly used. 
 
This decline was attributed to improved fleet utilization rates, better highway infrastructure, 
reducing the need for additional vehicles. Looking at truck segment in the CV industry. In the 
truck segment, we anticipate several factors that will be conductive to the growth. One is reduced 
EMI burden following the GST reforms announced in September '25. 
 
This may spur fleet owners to increasingly opt for new vehicle with upgraded feature instead of 
buying a used truck because of the decrease in the EMI owing to the reduction in the vehicle 
price. Increased capital expenditures by government, along with strong momentum in 
infrastructure and construction sector is expected to fuel the demand. 
 
The resumption of mining operations post monsoon will further contribute to segment growth. 
Looking at bus segment, while India's overall bus segment, medium and heavy has grown by 
11%, e-bus market demonstrated a large 37% growth in H1 of 2025-'26 compared to last year. 
This acceleration is primarily driven by state transport electrification supported by central 
scheme like PM e-bus sewa. 
 
Looking at the trailer segment, so trailer production registered a degrowth of 3.5% in Q2 '25-'26 
as compared to the Q2 '24-'25 due to extended monsoon disruption in logistics and construction. 
The postponement of buying decision following the uncertainty surrounding GST reforms 
significantly subdued demand in July and August, resulting in overall reduction in trailer 
production for the Q2 '25-'26, but this will improve going forward. This is what we are 
estimating. 
 
LCV segment, which is another segment where company has started working, not in a big way, 
but we are recognizing that we have strategic focus to be adopted on commercial vehicle less 
than 6 tonnes. This segment, which has grown by 8% in H1 '25, '26, expected to gain further 
momentum in upcoming quarters. This growth will be driven directly by GST reductions and 
indirectly by rising consumption demand, both contributing to sustained expansion in LCV 
category. 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Internal
 
OE sales, how this market and economic condition has impacted on OE sales. In line with the 
vehicle production, which is we are discussing commercial vehicle more than 6 tonnes, growth 
of 7.6%, our overall OE sales grew by similar number around 7.4% in quarter 2 2025-'26 as 
compared to the similar quarter in the previous financial year. This growth comes despite facing 
headwinds such as an unfavourable model mix and degrowth in trailer market. 
 
The growth was primarily driven by higher ESC penetration supported by updated regulation 
effective September this year, which accelerated the adoption of ESG. Market share gains in e-
compressor, particularly among independent bus manufacturers. 
 
Looking forward, the outlook for commercial vehicle industry remains positive with multiple 
indicators signalling is  sustained rebound. In preparation for this upswing, we are executing 
strategies -- strategic initiatives aimed at strengthening our competitiveness and delivering long-
term value. For example, we aim to increase penetration of trailer ABS, trailer EBS and scholar 
EVO+ systems in line with the AIS 113 trailer regulations and growing demand for safety and 
operational efficiency in trailer fleets. 
 
With updated ESG regulations for buses effective September, we are focused on localization 
effort to enhance and sustain the market share across all customer segments. Also, key initiatives 
include ramping up projects such as exhaust brake wall, expanding penetration of OptiDrive 
AMT and introducing OptiRide electronically controlled air suspension e-cars. We are also 
looking at working with independent bus manufacturers with a strong focus on e-compressor 
and EBS systems to capture growth in the electric vehicle segment. 
 
Beyond the anticipated near-term rebound, we see strong long-term growth drivers emerging 
from evolving regulations and the rapid adoption of electric mobility. The accelerating 
production of electric buses represents a significant opportunity. 
 
Our advanced e-mobility portfolio comprising of e-compressors, electronic braking system, 
EBS, electronic stability control, ESC and electronically controlled air suspension, ECAS 
positions us as a key technology partner and enabler in this space. 
 
These developments reinforce our long-term growth trajectory and underscore our strategic 
alignment with the future commercial mobility. Looking at our aftermarket strategies and 
performance. Our aftermarket has registered an impressive growth of 12.6% in Q2 2025-'26 
compared to the Q2 2024-'25. 
 
Primarily, this is driven by increased retrofitment of trailer ABS, TES parts for petroleum oil 
companies and increase in the supply of door control system. This was also supported by 
increased penetration of products like clutch boosters and contribution of OES growth was 
significant due to replacement demand in BS IV and BS VI model contributing to our volumes. 
 
Looking at exports. In exports, we have 2  categories. One is export of parts, products and export 
of services. Looking at export of parts and products, our export performance in Q2 2025-'26 
registered a 16% decline compared to the same period last year, primarily due to volume 
reduction in the U.S. market due to -- some due to tariff cost passing through by OEMs to the 
end customers. 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Internal
 
This volume reduction was not completely offset by the volume increase in Europe, EMEA. 
While these factors created short-term headwinds, we remain committed to navigating this 
environment with resilience and agility. Despite temporary reduction in volume for air 
compressor driven by softer EV sales globally, the company has proactively executed strategic 
initiatives to reinforce growth and realign priorities. 
 
Key actions include successful start of production for actuator 4.0 and air compressors for other 
global OEMs. alongside measures to diversify and strengthen our product portfolio are also on 
cards. Export of services. Export of services grew by a robust 12.1% in Q2 2025-'26 compared 
to the corresponding quarter last year. The growth was driven by sustained increase in 
engineering activities delivered from India to global centers, reinforcing India's position as a 
strategic hub for engineering services within ZF globally. 
 
We'll also discuss our efforts and work done on ESG sale. Sustainability remains a core strategic 
priority for the company. In Q2 '25- '26, our Jamshedpur plant advanced its water for approach 
by implementing rainwater harvesting infrastructure with a capacity of 1,300-meter cube, 
enabling reuse for domestic purposes and contributing to a 25% reduction in the freshwater 
consumption. 
 
Additionally, we celebrated CVS Sustainability Week 2025 across all facilities, reaffirming our 
commitment to environmental stewardship under the themes the impact, think long term and act 
sustainable. Employees actively engage in pledges and toolbox talks focused on energy 
efficiency, waste reduction and water conservation. These initiatives continue to foster a culture 
of awareness, innovation and collective action, driving progress towards our long-term 
sustainability goals. 
 
Updates on engineering. Our engineering front -- the company had successfully started the series 
production for 60-dia exhaust brake wall for major OEM platforms. Our team contributes to 
focus on engineering technologies such as ADAS and software-defined vehicles. Updates on the 
manufacturing. We continue to accelerate the production of advanced technology products, our 
new multiregional facility in Oragadam 
 
The  key milestone this quarter was the successful rollout of the brake signal transmitter for e-
mobility application, now serving leading Indian OEMs. Our portfolio has further expanded with 
re levels, high force actuators and localized ASP cartridges, addressing both OEM and 
aftermarket demand in the truck and trailer segments. 
 
To support this growth, we are scaling manufacturing capacities across various plants. Assembly 
lines at Lucknow and Pantnagar have been upgraded to enhance delivery performance, 
flexibility and responsiveness while contributing to the sustainability goals by reducing 
transport-related emissions. Productivity and quality have also seen significant gains through 
smart automation, robotics and digitalization of assembly and machining cells. Looking at 
awards and recognition. 
 
I'm pleased to share that in Q2 2025, '26, our ZF teams earned significant recognition across 
leading industry forums, securing 3 national level awards, 4 regional awards and 12 state level 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Internal
awards. Our teams achieved top honors in prestigious competitions such as CII TPM 
Mastermind Quiz, and CII Six Sigma competition, along with accolades from CIA ACMA, 
QCFI and ABKAOTS. These achievements underscore our unwavering commitment to 
operational excellence, innovation and continuous improvement, reinforcing ZF's leadership 
position in the industry. 
 
New executive management team at ZF Friedrichshafen, we want to announce the changes in 
the global management. So ZF Supervisory Board has appointed Mr. Mathias Miedreich as the 
new Chairman of the Board of Management of ZF with effect from 1st October 2025 in place of 
Dr. Holger Klein, who had left on close of the business hours of September 30, 2025. 
 
Mr. Miedreich has been a member of the Board of Management since January 2025 and was 
heading the Electrified Powertrain Technology division. The other change is Mr. Andreas Moser 
has taken over the responsibility of ZF Commercial Vehicle Solutions division, along with his 
responsibility as Head of ZF Industrial Technology Division with effect from November 1, 2025, 
in place of Professor Dr. Peter Laier. 
 
And now moving on to our financial performance for Q2 for 2025, '26. For your ready reference, 
the results were made public at 15:42 hours IST on 4th November 2025. I hope you had a chance 
to go through them. I would request Sweta to go through the results in brief. 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Good afternoon. The total revenues consolidated for the quarter ended ending 30th September 
'25 reached INR958.21 crores compared to INR950.18 crores in the same quarter of the previous 
financial year. This is a marginal increase of 0.8% year-on-year. For half year '25-'26, the 
company's consolidated net profit reached INR230.65 crores, up 10.6% from INR208.55 crores 
in the corresponding period of FY 2025. 
 
Total revenue for the first half grew to INR2,003.6 crores from INR1,921.2 crores, representing 
a year-on-year increase of 4.1%. The company has reported an EBITDA margin of 22.9%, profit 
before tax of 18.6% of product sales at INR145.9 crores and profit after tax of INR108.3 crores 
for the second quarter '25-'26. 
 
Despite multiple headwinds, we remain resilient in a volatile macroeconomic environment and 
poised to support the demand from our valued customers. We continue to support and work 
towards sustained growth for all our stakeholders, investors, business partners and employees. 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Thank you. We now welcome your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Lakshminarayanan: 
Just want to understand what has been the acceptance or penetration of electronic stability 
control in buses? And what is the mix of hydraulic and pneumatic kits we have actually been 
supplying? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: On the electronic stability control from the 1st of September, of the buses which are on the roads 
other than the exempted type 1 city buses have been fitted with electronic stability control. So 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Internal
CV supplies to most of the major OEMs. So in that area, we are seeing an uptick in the numbers 
that are being produced and sold to the OEMs to the tune of around 40% to 45% over the 
previous year same time. 
 
And on the hydraulic portfolio, we see a marginal increase in some of the segments where the 
hydraulic EFC is being used. Still the legislation for the school buses, even though it is under 
draft, it has not been enforced. 
 
So once that legislation is enforced, we are expecting that there will also be a significant increase 
in the hydraulic ESC. So at this moment, there is a marginal increase in certain segments where 
they are using the hydraulic ESC in the nonschool bus application. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
So when we -- I mean approximately what 40,000 buses are made in India every year. And do 
you think this would be fitted in how many buses? This has become banded what percentage of 
buses it would be? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: So we would see about 60% of the buses play because the balance are covered under city bus 
application. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. And the second question is in terms of the ADAS -- I mean, advanced driver 
assist systems and the advanced emergency braking system. Where is the regulation stand now? 
And what has been our progress in the existing OEM? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: At this moment, the draft legislation is only what we have in the public domain. There are talks 
going on between the government bodies and the OEMs on a date of legislation when it is 
expected to be launched. 
 
Looking at current estimates, April 2026 seems to be very close. So there is a delay anticipated. 
The exact dates may be public in a couple of months. So we are yet to get the exact fix on when 
that is expected to come about. But where we are today, and we are in continuous engagement 
with each of the OEMs to see how we are able to work with them on this product. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And do you think this would actually applicable in anything which is above 6 tone? Or is there 
a tonnage-based gradation for ADAS and ABES? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: So ADAS and AEBS currently, the draft legislation talks about a mandate in M2, N2 and M3 
N3. So that is everything that is greater than 5 tonnes buses and trucks. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. Sir, what was the electronic braking systems? What has been our progress there? And 
when do you think this would actually would come? This would come after the ADAS and 
AEBS comes in? Or like how do you think about this? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Electronic braking system is more in practice for the electric vehicles, less so for the ICE 
platforms. So on the electric vehicles, the additional advantage that the EBS provides is regent 
capability in addition to improved braking feel, almost like feel. So due to these 2 key buying 
factors, it is more penetration in the electric vehicle platform. 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Internal
 
So as the e-bus segment grows and the increased comfort levels start growing, we see an 
increased penetration happening in the EBS. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. And then last question is related to the disc brake system. Can you just help us understand 
where we are in terms of brake... 
Shankar Venkatachalam: So on the disc brakes, there are a few segments and sectors which are adopting disc brakes. In 
certain cases, EBS and disc brakes are going in tandem, where you have improved braking feel 
as well as improved braking efficiency. However, the definite increase is not seen to that level 
because the cost of a drum brake is still cheaper than a disc brake today in the market. 
 
So cost-sensitive segments, you don't find that level of adoption. In the typical use case 
applications are the 13.5 meter, 15-meter buses, which are usually the cheaper buses. In those 
segments, you find the adoption of disc brakes more prevalent. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick from Sundaram Mutual Funds. 
Ajox Frederick: 
So my question is on exports. You mentioned in your comments that the next steps, we will be 
working with air compressor actuators for balancing out the weakness. So those are in work in 
our Oragadam plant already? Or can you give some color on what's happening in Oragadam 
plant and eventually, what are the products we are working on and some outlook on the exports? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: On the export side, the products that we referred to are currently being planned out of our 
Mahindra World City SEZ plant. These products are with current businesses, which we are 
already having with our key OEM customers, partners in Europe and U.S. So some of the 
products that are identified are actuator compressors and OPR-based compressors, which are 
mostly looked at for growing the business and improved profitability for the group. 
 
And actuator and advanced actuators for other global OEMs are again, most of the current 
upgraded actuators from the double diagram disc brake actuators and spring brake actuators, 
which are being produced out of our Mahindra OCD plant will be upgraded to smart actuators 
as the next-generation actuators, which are being planned for European market. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. Okay. That's wonderful, sir. And sir, secondly, on the LCV, I know it's too soon. Where 
are we on that opportunity? And are we in the development stage? Or like what are we doing 
there? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: So on the overall ILCV segment, if you look at, we are already present in hydraulic ESC, as I 
just mentioned previously. So the segment where we are already present in hydraulic ESC, we 
are trying to grow our market share and also the penetration. 
 
Apart from that, in the LCV portfolio, we are looking at other products that is on the braking 
system platforms where we are already having a few products in our current range as well as 
some other products that we are looking in the near term. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Got it, sir. That's helpful. Just a final data keeping question on U.S. exports, sir, how much was 
this time around versus, let's say, last quarter or last year? 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Internal
Sweta Agarwal: 
So the U.S. volume reduction was around 20%. And it was somewhat offset by EMEA volume 
increase, but not fully offset. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equities. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sir, firstly, sir, if you can help us understand in this quarter, we have seen a gross margin 
improvement Q-on-Q by around 160 bps. What led the improvement? And also in H2 in the 
cash flow, we can see almost like INR187 crores of working capital improvement in first half. 
So can you just explain what led to the improvement? 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Okay. Answering your question first on the best improvement, we've worked actively on our 
material costing and efficiency production efficiency in the plant. So that has given us the 
improvement both on the material to sales ratio as well as on the direct labor costs, and that's 
what you're seeing in the bottom line expansion. 
 
On the cash flow side, we have worked very actively on our working capital management and 
reduced our debtors. So we've worked actively on collections of debtors and as well as, of course, 
better utilization of our ideal cash, investing it more, I would say, in a sustained way rather than 
leaving it completely passive. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Param sir, the compressor e-buses segment. I just want to understand what kind of a market 
share currently we have for the compressor for the EV buses? And how do you see the growth 
for the segment? 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Yes. In EV buses, if you ask for the compressors, I think from the India OEM suppliers, we are 
the only supplier for the compressor. There are some little imports some companies are doing. 
But predominantly, it is our compressor only. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it, sir. And sir, on the H2, second half, for the U.S. market, how do you see the run rate for 
the sales, sir? And just I mean, overall basis, over a medium term, how do you plan to tackle this 
challenge of tariff, sir? 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Yes. We shared last time also, as we indicated that our products are basically safety critical 
products. Any new source in production will take time for the OEM to switch over. So we see 
that it will not be immediate impact. The current drop, which we explained is more because of 
the overall market, which is down in U.S., not only considering tariff, but otherwise also. But 
good point here is that we have seen Europe volume increasing. 
 
So if you see around 9% improvement is there in our sales for the Europe as compared to drop 
more than 20% in the U.S. So some compensation is already happening. We are looking at more 
customers in Europe also and trying to see that we -- somehow we balance this through addition 
of customers and also looking at product portfolio. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Internal
Mukesh Saraf: 
First question is on exports. When I look at your FY '25 annual report, the related party 
transactions, which kind of cover majority of your exports to the group entity. U.S. as such seems 
very small in that. So is it that we are indirectly supplying to U.S. via entities in other 
geographies? Because this year, first half seem to suggest that U.S. weakness has impacted the 
entire exports. So just trying to understand that. 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Mukesh, our arrangement for the sales to the group is that we bill out to our European entity. 
And then they, in turn, invoice it to other countries. And that's why it looks like we are not 
supplying to Americas. But if you look at the split on an actual, it would be about 50% Americas 
and 50% Europe for FY '25. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Understood. Understood. That clarifies, ma'am. And second question is on the regulation. While 
the draft regulation mentioned about October '26, and I think we are expecting a delay there. 
 
Just trying to understand the delays primarily because the OEMs are concerned with the cost? 
Or is it some other operational homologation or technological issues? I'm just trying to 
understand what's the thought process there from the other stakeholders? 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
I think the answer to this is exactly not with us, but it depends upon the OEM strategy on this. 
Definitely, cost is one factor. But just to update you that we have a special solution for India 
market, which is not as costly as what we are providing abroad. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Okay. Okay. Right, right. Understood. And just the last bit, you had mentioned about your strong 
portfolio on the buses segment. Any sense you can give us on your overall kit value for a bus 
versus a kit value for a truck? 
 
Because I think last quarter, you had mentioned overall, generally, your kit value is around 
INR45,000 for CVs. I just want to understand how this differ between a bus and a truck. 
Shankar Venkatachalam: So typically, in an electric bus, we are talking about electric buses here, right? So normal ICE 
buses versus electric bus, the major jump is in the e-compressor. That is the major cost driver 
when it comes to an electric bus apart from the battery and other products that are there. So our 
contribution in an electric bus almost jumps about fivefold because of the e-compressor addition. 
 
And then apart from the e-compressor, you already have the standard braking system, which is 
also, in certain cases, ABS based or in certain other cases, EBS based. So EBS based typically 
will be around 2 to threefold of the existing ABS plus ESP-based solution. So this would be the 
impact at a vehicle level. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Right. But an ICE bus and a regular ICE truck, the content would not be too different? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: It would not be very different. It only product mix range wise? So its typically multi axles right? 
maybe more axles, more actuators. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Sir, 2 questions regarding what's happening globally. It's clear that there is -- if there is an 
increased tariff, it would actually make our products or our sourcing location from Chennai at a 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Internal
big disadvantage. Now I mean what is -- is there a possibility that maybe reallocation of whatever 
is being procured from Chennai or the long plan for Chennai gets derailed if this tariff remains 
at 50% or something like that? 
 
And the second question is that there has been a lot of reorganization as well as the financial 
position of the parent is a little precarious as I see because your bonds are also being -- I mean, 
downgraded to a junk status. So I just want to understand, if I just put this together, how the 
parent is thinking about exports and all the challenges which that of parent is having, what does 
that actually mean to us? 
Sweta Agarwal: 
Crystal gazing based on the tariff would be very difficult, Laksmayan. So it would -- I mean we 
can only talk about our preparedness rather than about how the situation will develop. What we 
have observed over the first half of the year is more around the production volumes itself being 
low in the U.S. rather than any discussion around sourcing changes. So that's not the driver of 
the discussion. It's more about what do we do for the spur in the economy itself of  the U.S. 
 
Like I said, crystal gazing and probably not our remit to really talk in details about that. We are 
prepared either way by stock flexing as well as being prepared to supply whatever volumes are 
required by them. That's how... 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Just on that because I think the DAS compressors/BMW car compressors, etcetera, were actually 
being sourced from India. And there has also been some reallocation of certain factory 
production to India. Now what percentage of our production or where we are actually the single 
source for the entire ZF state, which would make it comfortable for us to export irrespective of 
the tariff situation? 
Sweta Agarwal: 
I'm not sure what you're talking... 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
The question is that since we are -- for compressors, we are exporting, we are single source. That 
is clear. So that's why I said that to develop a new source, it takes time. So we are -- like everyone 
is waiting for this tariff issue to resolve. So we have time to react. And also, as we explained 
that we are compensating the sales by the market improvement seen in the Europe, which we 
have seen in the last quarter as well. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. Got it, sir. And regarding the parent situation, what -- because there have been some talks 
of restructuring, at least some part of being getting already restructured. What does actually that 
mean for the India entity? 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
I would say that the new organization, the new changes are also having as high focus as the 
previous management was. So we don't see any focus on India. India is always on radar as India 
is doing well and India market is also doing well. So this will be always on the forefront. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Sir, and what has been our outperformance of our OE products with respect to the sales above 6 
tonnes because that is one number which you always track how we outperform versus our target 
markets. 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Internal
 
Can you just give that number for the first half? What has been the above 6 tonne production? 
And then how our sales are actually benchmark to that from an OE product point of view? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Speak about market outperformance, it is always in comparison to the previous year. And in that 
aspect, if you look at, we are almost flat this current year. 
 
The main reason being the BP vehicle production, while it has grown, it has adversely shifted in 
terms of the model mix. So as was already shared by Mr. Paramjit a little while earlier, there is 
a significant reduction in the heavy vehicle demand and the production, and this has adversely 
affected the model mix. 
 
And what we have been able to do is mitigate the impact of this adverse model mix with certain 
new product growth and certain other share of market improvement ideas. So this is the way that 
we have been able to maintain our leadership position in the market. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. Got it. When it comes to ES or ADAS or ABES, what kind of competitive positioning 
we have? Will our presence be more than 70% to 80% plus or we are almost virtually 100% in 
those 2 markets, ESC, ADAS and ABES from a domestic capability point of view. 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Yes. On ABS and ESC, we are already in the market. The data is there for itself. We are one of 
the majority market players. On ADAS right now, it is at the early stages of discussion. And as 
was already discussed a little while ago, we are engaged with all the OEMs. 
 
We are looking to see how we can partner with them to launch this product in the field towards 
meeting the regulatory requirements. So here again, we are expecting to be one of the majority 
partners for each of the OEMs. So that is still work in progress. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Sir, and one last question is related to AMT. What percentage of your business is AMT as well 
as what has been the growth of AMT in the last 6 months versus the previous 6 months? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Percentage of AMT versus the  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt sir but there is disturbance in your line management. Shall I reconnect you? 
Management: 
Yes. Answering the question on AMT, I think today, the market itself is at a very low level of 
penetration. So if you see in the last 6 months, probably we are seeing an improved number in 
the mining segment, specifically in mining segment, where we see some of the OEMs launching 
higher speed, higher torque engines in these segments, which are largely AMT driven. And AMT 
is proving to be a comfort factor as well as an improvement in the turnaround time. So these are 
the key focus areas which are driving the AMT growth in these segments. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And what kind of growth we have seen in the AMT, maybe just to get a sense of it with respect 
to last year as a base? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: If you look at numbers perspective, it's still in the hundreds segment only. We have not seen the 
numbers grow beyond very high. So maybe the last year to this year, probably we are seeing the 
volumes double, but still not... 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Internal
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Base is very low. So in terms of percentage, it will not be correct to say. So it is still in hundreds. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. I mean hundreds as in 100 unit per month. 
Shankar Venkatachalam: A couple hundred. A couple of hundred per month. Yes, a couple of hundred per month, yes. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
But why is it not picking up? Because I thought that would -- at least 4, 5 years back, we thought 
that would actually pick up in a big way. What is impeding this? Is it acceptability, product 
acceptability or viability? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: There are multiple reasons on this particular topic because as the contribution of the pricing of 
the product at the price level at the OEM vis-a-vis what comfort and savings or features that it 
offers to the driver would be the key focus. So that is why certain segments like mining, for 
example, is where it is picking up because there you have the higher powered engines with the 
higher transmissions. 
 
There you have high-speed engines and high-speed transmissions be shifting and focus will be 
more. And there, you want a higher turnaround time with minimal driver intervention. Those 
segments are adopting it faster. 
 
You also see this partially in some of the bus segments. where you want the city drivers to have 
the comfort. But there, again, adoption is driven by SCU tenders. So again, cost becomes a key 
factor. 
 
So due to these various factors, penetration has remained low, but there is a promise that this 
could grow further because there is also a shortage of drivers in the near to long term, and there 
is also a focus of gender diversity in driving. So when you look at drivers as well as shortage of 
drivers in the near term, driver capability will become a big focus rather than focusing on what 
would be the cost. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And just one last thing, sir. Do we actually have some kind of a driver sensitization program or 
something where we actually introduce drivers to these products so that they can be kind of an 
ambassador for us? Or do we actually let the OEs actually do the work there? 
Shankar Venkatachalam: Communication and training through our aftersales network. So where we have interaction and 
connection with driver training associations as well as driver training institutes to talk to them 
about our technologies. 
 
And the state transport unit undertakings are also jointly working with us on how we can help 
them in using technology to improve their driver efficiency, to improve their fuel efficiency 
focus and so on and so forth. So there are multiple initiatives that are spearheaded through the 
aftermarket and sales network, where we work on extensive communication as well as training. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the conference over 
to the management for the closing comments. 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Thank you very much. Some nice questions, good questions, good interactions. So thanks for 
your participation, and thanks for your support. Thank you. 

 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Internal
Moderator: 
On behalf of B&K Securities India Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Paramjit Singh Chadha: 
Thank you. 
