 
 
Firstsource Solutions Ltd 
1st Floor, Athena Towers, Mindspace Malad, Goregaon (W), Mumbai – 400 063 India 
Tel: +91 (22) 6666 0888 | Fax: +91 (22) 6666 08887 | Web: www.firstsource.com 
 
 
                                                      (CIN: L64202MH2001PLC134147) 
 
6th November 2025 
 
To: 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (Scrip Code: FSL)  
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited (Scrip Code: 
532809)  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Analysts Earnings call conducted after the meeting of Board 
of Directors on 4th November 2025 
 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Analysts earnings call conducted on 4th 
November 2025, after the meeting of Board of Directors held on 4th November 2025, for 
your information and records. 
 
This 
information 
is 
also 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
The audio/video recordings of the Analysts earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Nambiar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
POOJA 
SURESH 
NAMBIAR
Digitally signed 
by POOJA 
SURESH 
NAMBIAR

 
 
 
 
FIRSTSOURCE SOLUTIONS LIMITED  
Q2FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
NOVEMBER 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RITESH IDNANI, 
MD & CEO 
MR. DINESH JAIN 
CFO 
 
 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Firstsource Solutions Limited Q2FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
On this call, we have Mr. Ritesh Idnani – MD and CEO; Mr. Dinesh Jain, – CFO to provide 
an overview on Company's performance followed by the Q&A. 
Please note that some of the matters that we will discuss on this call including the 
Company's business outlook are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and 
unknown risks. These uncertainties and risks are included but not limited to what Company 
has mentioned in its prospectus filed with SEBI and consequent annual reports that are 
available on its website. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you. And hello, everybody. I want to thank each one of you today for joining us to 
discuss our financial results for Q2FY26. Before I start with the discussion on our quarterly 
performance, I would like to thank each one of our 35,997 Firstsourcers around the world 
for their relentless commitment to delivering value to our clients. 
Q2 is the sixth straight quarter of double-digit year-on-year revenue growth, and the seventh 
consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth for us, despite the continued 
macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties. Our revenue grew by 20.1% YoY and came 
in at Rs. 23.1 billion. In U.S. dollar terms, the growth was 15.2% YoY and 2.3% QoQ at 
US$265 million. On a trailing 12-months basis, our revenues have now crossed a billion 
dollars. In constant currency terms, our revenue grew 2% QoQ and 13.8% YoY. EBIT 
margin for the quarter was 11.5%, up 20 basis points, and 70 basis points on a QoQ and 
YoY basis, respectively. And this marks the fourth straight quarter of margin expansion. Our 
net profit was Rs. 1.8 billion, and the diluted EPS for the quarter was Rs. 2.54.  
In H1FY26, our revenue grew 16.4% in constant currency terms. EBIT grew 27.4% and our 
PAT grew 27.6% over last year in rupee terms. Coming to the business highlights. 
1. 
Deal Wins 
In Q2, we signed four large deals. As you are aware, we consider a deal with an ACV of 
over $5 million as a large deal. Let me highlight a few of them. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
• 
We expanded our footprint into the collection services as a top retail bank in the 
UK, one of our long-standing customers. This is our largest deal for collection 
services in the UK market.  
• 
We were also selected by one of the top 10 Healthcare payers in North America, 
an existing client, for claims data capture services using our digital intake platform.  
• 
One of the leading loan subservicing providers in the US selected us for providing 
first-party collection services.  
• 
We also won additional business from one of the largest communications and 
media companies in the UK for customer onboarding and account services 
processes that are currently managed by in-house teams. 
During the quarter, we also added 10 new logos, which include 4 strategic logos. As you 
are aware, we define a strategic logo as one where we see the potential of at least US$5 
million of annual revenue. And we run a structured program to handhold and monitor such 
relationships to grow them at an accelerated pace. 
Let me give you some additional color on this program: 
We added 19 strategic logos over four quarters between Q2FY25 and Q1FY26. Of this, in 
13 logos, we have been able to hit our aspirational target of a US$5 million relationship size 
within these four quarters. Of the balance six, four were added only in Q1, so we still have 
a couple of quarters of runway ahead of us.  
Q2 also marks two years of the strategy refresh we started under the One Firstsource 
Framework. One of the key objectives of the program was to broad base our client footprint 
and curate new growth engines. I am happy to report healthy progress on that front. The 
share of top 5 and top 10 clients has come down by 6.2% and 9% respectively over the last 
8 quarters. Importantly, this has happened even as we continue to grow our large accounts.  
As I mentioned, two of the four large deal wins in this quarter are additional business from 
our top five accounts. This gradual but constant dilution reflects the success of our focused 
account management strategy which is driving a faster growth in our non-top 5 accounts. In 
fact, more than 50% of the ACV of the 22 large deals we have reported over the past six 
quarters is from deals with non-top 5 clients. You can also see this in our $5 million plus 
accounts that have jumped to 39 in Q2FY26 from 26 in Q2 of last year.  
I am also pleased to report that our deal pipeline crossed a billion dollars for the first time in 
the history of the company. Our continued progress gives me confidence that we are on the 
right trajectory to deliver sustainable, profitable, and industry-leading growth. 
2. Vertical commentary 
In Q2FY26, our banking and financial services vertical grew 4% QoQ and 11% YoY in 
constant currency terms. We added three new logos during the quarter.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
As you are aware, we have made targeted investments over the past few quarters to 
strengthen our sales and solutions organization in this vertical, particularly in North America, 
with the objective of deepening client relationships and expanding into adjacent segments. 
Our sales teams are now taking a broader technology-enabled capability portfolio anchored 
around agentic AI, automation, and data-driven transformation. These investments have 
helped diversify our revenue base and reduce the macro dependency in the business.  
In our Mortgage Operations, for instance, we have adopted a consulting-led approach, 
proactively delivering AI-enabled cost takeouts and process reengineering solutions, 
especially to our monoliner customers. We are also partnering more closely with regional 
banks and FinTech customers as they accelerate platform modernization, embed AI across 
customer journeys, and enhance their digital experience. We are exploring expansion 
opportunities in large banks as well, leveraging our incumbency and collection services, 
particularly for compliance and risk management. Our deal pipeline at Q2 exit was amongst 
the strongest in the past four quarters, giving us confidence in sustaining broad-based 
growth in the coming quarters in this vertical.  
In healthcare, we saw a YoY growth of 6% and a QoQ growth of 3% in Q2. We added three 
new logos during the quarter. Healthcare continues to be a strategic growth vertical for us, 
and we continue to see a strong traction, especially in our payer business. Recent regulatory 
changes are expected to significantly increase administrative costs in both the provider and 
payer segments as the mix shifts from pure volumes to higher complexity workflows.  
We believe that our broad execution footprint across the Healthcare value chain, 
relationships with 12 of the top 15 health plans in the U.S., and an ability to combine 
technology-first solutions, analytics and domain expertise puts us in the leadership position 
to address our clients' evolving needs.  
We exited Q2 with a pipeline that's almost 2.5x versus last year. Ramp up in our previously 
won large deals are also progressing well, and we are confident of an accelerating growth 
trajectory in this vertical over the second half of FY26.  
Our communications, media and technology vertical delivered a 15% YoY growth in 
constant currency terms, though it was down by 1% on a sequential basis. We added four 
new logos in Q2. While project transitions led to an optical quarter-on-quarter volatility this 
quarter, it remains one of our fastest growing segments, driven by strong engagement with 
leading consumer tech brands across both our core offerings, as well as newer non-
traditional solutions that support the integration of artificial intelligence into the product 
ecosystems to make the frontier models more solid. We continue to see a well-balanced 
pipeline there spanning traditional media and communications players, as well as new age 
tech companies.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Lastly, coming to a diverse portfolio, which was flat QoQ in constant currency terms, 
primarily reflecting the sluggish demand environment in the UK. As you are aware, this 
portfolio mainly includes our business with utilities and retail accounts in the UK market. We 
have a healthy deal pipeline in both these verticals. However, we expect the growth in this 
portfolio to remain modest in the coming quarters as well. 
3. Geographical commentary 
From a geography standpoint, North America grew at 3% QoQ and 16% YoY in constant 
currency terms. We expect growth to remain healthy and broad-based across our three core 
verticals in North America.  
Europe continues to be soft. Let me provide you with some color and context around the 
same. As you know, our business there is largely concentrated in the UK market, where 
muted economic growth and higher labor costs from recent regulatory changes have 
pushed many clients to accelerate their move towards offshore and nearshore locations 
over the past few quarters. We believe that much of that transition amongst our existing 
clients is now behind us.  
We have also been taking proactive steps to make the business more resilient by 
broadening both our geographical as well as our vertical presence. We have also set up 
operations in Dubai this quarter to double down on opportunities in the Middle East, and our 
proposed acquisition of Pastdue Credit will help us further our footprint in the utilities market.  
A pitch for transformational programs and nearshore delivery from South Africa has been 
resonating strongly with customers. For example, in Q2FY26, we renewed our contract with 
a large media client well ahead of expiration and with an expanded scope. With another 
large communications and media clients, one of our top five, we have been gaining 
additional estate, mostly from their in-house teams, leveraging our South Africa delivery 
capabilities.  
As I mentioned earlier, one of our large deal wins in the quarter was net new business from 
an existing large client. We exited the quarter with a well-qualified deal pipeline. That said, 
we expect the pace of recovery in the European market to remain gradual as decision-
making cycles continue to take longer than usual. 
In Australia, we continue to win additional business with existing clients while building a 
pipeline of new logos. We see Australia as a long-term growth driver for us and continue to 
make strategic investments in the region. You would have also seen recently the strategic 
partnership that we have signed with Monash University, one of Australia's leading research 
and innovation institutions to co-develop next-generation AI solutions across key verticals 
as well as core AI capabilities. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
4. People 
On the people front, we had a closing headcount of 35,997 associates, which is an increase 
of 1,500 people versus the last quarter. Close to 80% of the gross hires were at offshore 
and nearshore locations. Our trailing 12-month attrition rate declined further to 28%, which 
translates to almost 12 percentage point decline over the last eight quarters. I am also proud 
to share that Firstsource was named amongst “India's Best Workplaces for Women” by 
Great Place to Work® in 2025 and also secured the Infini-T Award in the Visionary 
Organization Category for our Innovative use of technology and analytics in talent 
acquisition. 
5. Awards/recognitions and sustainability 
Firstsource continues to be recognized by leading industry analysts for delivering strong 
client value and driving innovation through technology-led solutions in our focus markets.  
During Q2, we were named the “Horizon 3 Market Leader” amongst the best service 
providers for mortgage reinvention by HFS Research, recognizing our technology and 
digital-led transformation capabilities. Everest Group also recognized us as a “Major 
Contender and Star Performer” in its Financial Crime and Compliance Operations Services 
Peak Matrix Assessment 2025. Avasant rated us as a leader in its Mortgage Business 
Process Transformation 2025 RadarView™ 2025. ISG featured Firstsource in its “Booming 
15 List” based on the Annual Value of Commercial Contracts awarded over the past 12 
months for the fourth consecutive quarter.  
I am also pleased to share that Firstsource won the “Golden Peacock Award” for “ESG 
2025” and just received the “3rd Prithvi Award” from the “ESG Research Foundation”. These 
awards reflect not just external validation, but the collective commitment of our teams to 
drive sustainable and responsible growth. 
I will now turn over the call to Dinesh to give a detailed color on the quarterly financials. I 
will come back to talk about our progress on the strategic priorities and the outlook for FY26.  
Dinesh Jain: 
Thank you, Ritesh and hello, everyone. Let me start by taking you through our quarterly 
financials. Revenue for Q2FY26 came in at Rs. 23.1 billion or US$265 million. This implies 
a YoY growth of 20.1% in the rupee term and 15.2% in the US dollar term. In constant 
currency terms, this translates to a YoY growth of 13.8%. 
Our operating profit stood at Rs. 2.7 billion, up 28.1% over Q2 of last year, and translates 
to an EBIT margin of 11.5%, up 20 basis points QoQ. As Ritesh earlier mentioned, this is 
the fourth straight quarter of sequential margin expansion and translates to a 70bps 
improvement in the last four quarters. This is in line with our stated objective of a 50-75 bps 
margin expansion every year.  

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Our margins improved sequentially despite the annual wage hike during the quarter that 
covered over 90% of our employees. We were able to achieve this due to our ongoing efforts 
to right shore talent, optimize delivery structure and proactively bring technology and AI 
interventions in our execution.  
There is an exceptional income of Rs 19 million below the operating line which is the net 
impact of the gain of Rs 244 million due to fair value adjustment of the contingent 
consideration and a charge of Rs 225 million due to impairment of intangible assets, both 
on account of an earlier acquisition. 
Profit after tax came in at Rs 1.8 billion, a YoY growth of 30%. 
Effective tax rate in Q2 was 20% which is within the guided 19-21% range for FY26. 
DSOs inched up marginally to 69 days mainly due to quarter spillover of collections in a few 
accounts. Our normalized DSOs continue to be in 65-67 days range. 
In H1, our revenue grew at 16.4% in constant currency terms and 17.8% in US dollar terms. 
Our EBIT has grown 27.4% YoY and our PAT has grown 27.6% over last year.  
Cash conversion continued to be healthy. Our OCF to EBITDA in H1 was 82% and FCF to 
PAT was 155%.  
Our cash balance, including investment, stood at Rs. 2.9 billion at the end of Q2. Our net 
debt stands at 10.8 billion as of 30th September, 2025, versus 11.2 billion as of 30th June 
and 13.2 billion as of 31st March 2025.  
Our hedge book as of 30th September was as follows:We had a coverage of GBP 95.3 
million for the next 12 months with an average rate of 112.7 per pound. Coverage of 
US$196.8 million with average rate of 86.6 to a dollar.  
During the last earning call, we have announced a share purchase agreement to acquire 
Pastdue Credit Solutions in the UK. The transaction is yet to close since we are still awaiting 
FCA approval for the transaction. As such, our reported Q2 financial do not include Pastdue 
Credit.  
During Q2, we made a strategic minority investment in AppliedAI, an AI company. Ritesh 
will give you more colour on this. 
This is all from my side. I will hand over the call back to Ritesh to talk about our strategic 
priorities and the outlook for the year. Ritesh, over to you. 
 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Dinesh. As you are all well aware, enterprises today are navigating through twin 
challenges of a significantly elevated level of uncertainty in the global economic and 
geopolitical environment and a concurrent wave of technological disruption that's 
fundamentally reshaping how businesses operate, compete, and create value. This 
convergence of unpredictability and transformation requires us to rethink traditional models, 
accelerate innovation cycles, and build more agile operating structures.  
The UnBPOTM playbook we introduced earlier this year is our blueprint of how the new order 
is taking shape and how we are preparing ourselves to succeed in the same. 
The traditional model based on labor arbitrage merely added more people at a lower cost 
base to reduce the cost of operations without fundamentally correcting the underlying 
inefficiencies in the process. Even RPA took a similar approach - automating existing 
workflows rather than fundamentally redesigning them. We believe these models are fast 
approaching their sell-by date in today's environment, where clients have understood that 
the value realization of AI is not from incremental productivity gains, but in leveraging it to 
drive step-change improvements in efficiency, customer experience, and business 
outcomes. In effect, this is technology arbitrage replacing labor arbitrage.  
Our strategic investments in AppliedAI and Lyzr announced earlier today are aligned with 
this direction. Let me tell you a little bit about both these companies and the investments.  
AppliedAI uses a proprietary large work model to learn workflows across functions, identify 
friction points, and re-engineer them for improved efficiency and business impact. Take the 
traditional mortgage process as an example. It has multiple teams manually working on 
reviewing applications, verifying documents and credit histories, and coordinating with 
underwriters in a workflow that's rule-driven, repetitive, and often prone to delays or errors. 
RPA and workflow tools have automated fragments of this chain, but the process itself 
continues to remain inefficient. AppliedAI changes that by rethinking the process end-to-
end. From document intake to underwriting to approvals. It identifies friction points like 
redundant checks or handoffs and re-engineers the process using data-driven intelligence. 
For instance, AppliedAI can dynamically triage applications, based on risk profiles, route 
low-risk cases straight to auto-approval, and surface only exceptions for human review.  
Lyzr, on the other hand, brings the power of agentic AI, autonomous agents that take inputs 
from the user or from enterprise systems, process this data using algorithms and machine 
learning models, and finally execute the appropriate action, all with minimal human input. 
Continuing with the mortgage example, we are working with Lyzr to build an agent 
marketplace featuring a document verification agent that extracts and validates applicant 
data from uploaded documents; a credit analysis agent that pulls credit data by APIs and 
flags potential risk patterns; a communication agent that interacts with applicants in natural 
language to request missing documents or scheduling calls, and a compliance agent that 
ensures every step adheres to regulatory rules as well as maintains an audit trail. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
This is UnBPOTM in action, transforming mortgage processing from a manual, linearly 
sequenced workflow into a self-learning adaptive system that delivers faster approvals, 
higher accuracy, and superior customer experience, while significantly reducing cycle time 
and cost of operations. 
We are also seeing a clear pattern in how AI is expanding the scope of our client touchpoints 
and opening entirely new marketplaces, many of which did not exist even 24 months ago. 
One example of this is the data-as-a-service market. Over the past 2 years, we have built 
execution expertise on multiple services across modalities, ranging from prompt creation 
and prompt engineering to training data and model development, as well as ancillary 
services around data labelling and data annotation. 
We now work with 4 of the top 5 consumer tech companies to help make their frontier 
models better. For example, we are training the AI agent at one of the largest hyperscalers 
on multilingual text data across 8 languages. For a global marketplace for curated short-
term accommodations, we support the onboarding of hosts by validating their credentials to 
ensure authenticity and trust through advanced AI-based tools. 
Overall, I am pleased with the progress we are making on our agenda to leverage the 
current fault lines created by technology and macroeconomic shifts to drive disproportionate 
market share gains. Our improved growth momentum has helped us gain 0.5% of market 
share over the last 8 quarters against a basket of 15 of our closest global publicly traded 
peers, based on trailing 4 quarters reported revenues. 
We continue to see our constant currency revenue growth for FY26 in the 13% to 15% 
range. This does not include any contribution from Pastdue Credit Solutions, since we are 
still awaiting regulatory approvals for the transaction. We also continue to see our FY26 
EBIT margin in the 11.25% to 12% band in FY26. 
This concludes our opening remarks and we can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai: 
Ritesh, I just wanted to get a sense of how the quarter panned out. Was it up to your 
expectations or was it a tad weaker than what you anticipated to? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you for the question, Girish. Look, the Q2 performance was in line with our 
expectations for the business as a whole. In specific parts, the growth may have been higher 
or lower versus estimates, but that's true for every quarter that you end up seeing. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. And in terms of $20 million plus bucket of clients, you see the number falling from 11 
to 9 on a QoQ basis. Were there any specific client-specific issues which led to this? 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Ritesh Idnani: 
You know, what I would always recommend here is, suggest to look at the trend in client 
bucket movement on a YoY basis and over a slightly longer-term time horizon, because the 
QoQ movement could be misleading or there could be changes that could happen because 
of currency movement, it could be because of a program ending or as we have been 
highlighting in some instances due to business shifting, particularly from an onsite delivery 
to offshore or nearshore, as has been the case for some of our UK-based large clients itself. 
But I wouldn't read anything further into that. 
Girish Pai: 
Can I have the margin walk for the quarter between Q1 to Q2 in terms of puts and takes, I 
think you had a salary hike plus there must have been some forex movement.  
Dinesh Jain: 
I think as we indicated already in my comments, yes, there is some currency movement and 
also the salary hike, but I think lot of effort gone in the operations efficiency, as well as you 
can see that as the revenues are growing, we have a lot of accounts where the productivity 
gains are coming as this progress. So, I think the large contributions are from them, which 
is offsetting the cost side of it.  
Girish Pai: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shradha Agrawal from AMSEC. Please go ahead. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Congratulations on a steady quarter. How should we read the growth cadence for second 
half, given that you have been indicating that the deals won in FY25 have a staggered wrap-
up schedule? This is also in context to the 4% headcount addition that we have seen in this 
quarter. So, any visibility on how the next 2 quarters should look like? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thanks for the question, Shradha. I think the way to probably view it is, maybe let me try 
and connect a few different dots so that you can understand how we are seeing, but I think 
conceptually, we are expecting that there is going to be an accelerating growth trajectory in 
H2, and that's one of the first things that I want to state right at the outset. As far as deal 
wins go itself, I have been highlighting now for the past few quarters that we are now 
increasingly winning deals that are either sole-sourced or have a non-linear commercial 
construct. And these are not regular outsourcing deals, but large transformation programs 
and hence have a staggered ramp or curve that's different from standard deals itself. 
So, what they do is that they improve the visibility from a long-term growth standpoint, but 
the conversion into reported revenue happens over a slightly extended period in a non-
linear fashion itself. And I will give you one example, the Healthcare BPaaS deal that we 
announced in Q4 is probably the best example of that. As I mentioned in my prepared 
remarks, we expect it to start showing up in numbers from Q3. 
Some of these deals take time to start because of regulatory reasons or if it requires a 
certain level of readiness from the client side itself. For example, this quarter itself, the large 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
collections deal that we won at one of the UK-based retail banking clients will go through 
the process of FCA approval, given the regulated nature of work before we kick it off. 
So, there are multiple factors that will influence that quarter-on-quarter growth itself. But 
what we try to do is avoid talking about some of these specific factors each time, because 
they are just a reflection in some sense of how dynamic the operating environment itself is 
there for us. But what we do want to do is to make sure that we continue to build a business 
that's resilient, that's on a consistent upward trajectory over a long term. That's what I would 
probably urge you to look at as you think about how the next half also plays out and where 
we expect an accelerated growth trajectory itself. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
So, if I get you, Ritesh, right, I think you are indicating that there's been some delay in 
regulatory approvals on the BPaaS deal, which is why we are expecting a ramp-up more 
towards 4Q rather than 3Q, which was earlier expectation. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
No, we are saying that we should start seeing the Healthcare BPaaS deal to start 
contributing revenues from Q3 itself. What I would also urge you to look at is the net 
headcount addition itself, right. So, if you take the 1,500 people that we have added, it's the 
highest that we have had in the last 6 quarters as we prepare for an accelerated growth in 
the second half of FY26.  
Shradha Agrawal: 
Right. And just one question. If I look at your margin guidance, that remains unchanged, but 
we have already done close to 11.4% EBIT margin in the first half. So, unless we are seeing 
something which is a headwind in the second half, why didn't we look at narrowing the 
margin guidance for the year? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
There's no specific reason why we didn't narrow the margin guidance. But I think it's fair to 
assume that, look, there are always puts and takes in a quarter. We continue to remain very 
confident of the 50 to 75 basis points guidance that we had started off the beginning of the 
year as. But as you are aware, as you rightly called out, we are already sitting at H1 with 
11.4% year-to-date number. And we feel comfortable that with the margin guidance range, 
probably trending closer to the higher end of this number and closer to the 12% number 
than what we see with 11.25% itself. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Just one related question. We have seen a good jump up in depreciation, and depreciation 
to sales is almost at 4.7% now. So, how should we look at the run rate in depreciation going 
ahead? 
Dinesh Jain: 
We got into a larger building within Mumbai. So, we have closed out some of our centres 
and we moved to a standalone building. So, it's always once you get a new building, the 
depreciation charge will be higher because we must have given up the old depreciated 
asset. And that is the reason for increase. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Shradha Agrawal: 
We should expect a similar run rate to continue going ahead? 
Dinesh Jain: 
Yes, because now the new base, so I think similar numbers will be continued. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Okay, this is it. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Both the Healthcare segment and Diverse Industries over 
the course of time, I would say some of the dilution on Diverse Industries happened with the 
acquisition last year. Could you help us understand how is the cost optimization program 
related to that acquired business going, given you also spoke about some growth 
challenges in general in Europe?  
The second question is with regards to the Healthcare segmental margins. Over there our 
margins have come up over the course of last 2, 3 years as you are investing in building up 
the payers business, and as the profile of the business moved away from the provider 
segment. Given now you have a footprint in almost 12 of the 15 top health plans, what's the 
roadmap for improvising the margin profile over here, given the kind of margins that some 
of our peers in this space make?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Manik, for those questions. Let me start with the diverse industries and the 
question that you had with the acquisition that we had done last year of the retail asset, 
Ascensos. There are clearly opportunities that exist out there that are baked into some of 
the areas that we have identified, which are part of the 50 to 75 basis points improvement 
that we can see over this year and the subsequent years itself. 
So, clearly, there are areas that we are working on right now as we speak, whether it's on 
the G&A side, whether it's related to things that we can do around improving operational 
parameters, more automation, etc. So, some of those are the elements that we are working 
on, not very different than some of the standard parameters that we would look at for 
unlocking value across the company as well. 
What I think is also important to understand is that the retail pipeline continues to be robust 
in terms of what we are ending up seeing as well. So, we feel good about how the acquisition 
itself has played out with the capability set that we have acquired, and we feel comfortable 
with the margin improvement opportunities that exist with the acquisition. 
With reference to Healthcare, I think your observation is right. Our payers business has 
grown at a faster clip compared to the provider business, and as some of that cost of growth 
has also played out, some of that potentially diluted the margins. But we see an opportunity 
for some of the standard operational parameters to improve as well, which the team has 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
identified and working on. We also see opportunities in some of the areas to drive greater 
automation. Some of that is baked into the nature of the transformation that we have 
committed and as some of that plays out, you will start seeing margin unlocks coming in 
that business as well. 
So, again, I would say that there are 2 or 3 contributors. We think that within the Payer 
business, some of these deals, as you move past the cost of growth phase itself and the 
transformation benefits kick in, you should start seeing opportunities naturally for the margin 
profile to improve. Number 2 is the existing value unlocks that we have identified in the 
business itself should also be net additive on the margin side as well.  
Manik Taneja: 
Thanks, Ritesh. The last question was just a clarification question for Dinesh. This particular 
asset for which we have reversed the contingent consideration table or the adjustment on 
that front, if you could help us understand which acquisition does it pertain to? 
Dinesh Jain: 
It was the UK asset which we bought last year. 
Manik Taneja: 
Which was Ascensos. 
Dinesh Jain: 
That's right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. Continuing with the prior question, 
just want to understand the impairment what we took for the asset which we acquired last 
year. So, if you can use some contour, whether it's the performance or synergy benefit what 
we anticipated is not playing out or how to understand that part? 
Second question is about the assumption. Now we maintain the guidance range, so if you 
can help us understand what the lower-end assumption versus upper-end assumption 
would be. And if you can provide some qualitative aspect, how we expect some of those 
assumptions to play out. 
Last question is about the UnBPOTM approach we are indicating. Is it possible to give some 
quantitative kind of thing? Let's say how many clients where we are seeing some kind of 
adoption of the approach? Or it is very wider approach and the way we sell is UnBPOTM 
approach and difficult to provide some number around it? But if you can provide some 
qualitative aspects around some of it, that would be helpful. Thank you, sir. 
Dinesh Jain: 
Yes. So, Dipesh, as you are aware that these are some of the revenue estimations which 
the acquisition should have resulted into, but hasn’t happened, which is specific to some 
customers. And when you do the acquisition, you also create an intangible asset, which is 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
mainly the customer contracts. So, both are reflecting the same. Since we have a customer 
contract, where revenue didn’t get delivered, and accordingly, we have not paid to the seller 
that value. And similarly, we reassess the value of intangible and take that charge. So, we 
can say that both are the same transaction. As the revenue not got achieved, revenue not 
got paid, we have to reassess the intangible value and take the charge. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Yes. Thanks, Dinesh. So, Dipesh, to the second question that you asked, which is related 
to the guidance and retaining the 13% to 15% guidance for the full year itself. I am not going 
to specifically comment on the numbers. But as I mentioned a little earlier on the call as 
well, the guidance obviously builds an accelerating growth trajectory, which we feel 
comfortable with based on what we see. 
And as we have indicated in the past as well, our guidance band is based on a very clear 
line of sight to the business over FY26 at the lower end of the guidance. And the upper end 
is based on things like how the pipeline conversion etc., can play out over the guided period 
itself. What our guidance does not build is any changes to the macro environment. And, you 
know, our guidance is a range at the end of the day. So, for me to comment very specifically 
on where we will be in that range itself defeats the whole purpose of the range. But what I 
think you should take away from it is the fact that we clearly see an accelerated growth 
trajectory in the second half of FY26. 
Related to the third question that you had in terms of UnBPOTM and how one should think 
about it, we feel very encouraged with the conversations that we are having, both in 
individual client sessions as well as small industry events that we have been doing, either 
in a particular vertical or in a particular geography. Some of the takeaways from these 
events have been very refreshing, because clients clearly see the opportunity to embrace 
a different mindset, a different way of thinking. 
The opportunity to think about their business from a technology arbitrage manner as 
opposed to just a pure labour arbitrage model is something that they welcome. The ability 
to shift from what might be a time and material commercial construct, which 75% of the IT 
Services and BPO industry is on, towards a non-linear commercial construct is something 
that they welcome because it creates shared alignment. What we are seeing, therefore, is 
an increasing number of our proposals that are going out today, reflect some of these 
principles, where even if there is a time and material asked from a customer, we are 
providing an alternate commercial model which will be on a non-linear commercial construct 
reflecting some of the UnBPOTM ethos. We are trying to reflect the services-as-a-software 
play where technology is front and centre in everything we do. We are looking to reimagine 
the process as opposed to just taking somebody's mess for less. These are some of the 
clear differences in the approach that is there and these are some of the elements that the 
UnBPOTM mindset and orientation is all about. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Ritesh, can you help us understand externally if we want to understand success and we 
want to monitor externally success on UnBPOTM approach, which 3 variables you would like 
us to focus on going forward with this?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Over a period in time, what you should start thinking about is that the traditional causality 
that existed between revenue and headcount will start getting further removed, whereas 
historically the way this industry has operated has been very linear that you add headcount, 
you get revenue. I think some of that will start not existing to the same extent. What I would 
also think, as we get to the next fiscal, we will start providing some more color on some of 
these from a number standpoint, but start thinking about the percentage of non-linear 
commercial constructs that will be a good indicator of how this industry is evolving itself and 
we expect to lead the charge on that where today already for us, unlike the rest of the peer 
group where 75% of the industry is still time and material, we have a meaningful number of 
our contracts which are non-linear and constructs. I think that is one outcome metric that 
one should think of. The second one that one should also start thinking about is the revenue 
per headcount, because as you get into more and more of a tech-driven world, the ability to 
offer a services as a software contract means that technology and humans will coexist, 
which means your revenue per headcount should start naturally improving as well. So, that 
is another metric that one should start thinking about as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Congrats on a stable performance, just 2 questions from my side. If you look at our 
performance in the first 2 quarters, if we remove the contribution from Ascensos acquisition, 
organically, we have kind of steered more closer to the 8%-9% or 9%-10% kind of growth 
in the first 2 quarters. As you mentioned, of course, in your earlier remarks that you expect 
those Healthcare deals and other deals to pick up momentum in the coming quarters. So, 
on an organic basis, do we envisage that at some point of time, over the next, let us say, 3-
4 quarters, do you think on an organic basis, this business we have the potential that we 
should be able to touch double digit or let us say, somewhere teen growth in terms of an 
organic basis?  
And second question is, what is the status on Pastdue Credit acquisition? What is holding 
up the integration? And when do we think we can start incorporating the numbers into our 
financials? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you for those questions, Vibhor. Let me address the second one on Pastdue Credit 
and then I will come to the first one on the numbers itself. So, we are awaiting regulatory 
approval from the FCA. We think it is imminent. It should happen sometime this quarter, but 
at this stage, because we don't have formal approval yet, we don't have anything baked into 
any of our numbers at this stage because we don't have a certainty as to what is the timeline 
itself, but we are fairly hopeful that this quarter it should come through, Vibhor. So, that is 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
just a quick update. And obviously, at this stage, pending FCA approval, we are still having 
those conversations with customers and so on and so forth, but we can't commence a formal 
integration till such point in time that the approvals itself are through. So, that is as far as 
the acquisition is concerned. 
On the first one, what I would say is that I think we have been consistent with our 
commentary where even in the last quarter, we had said that we expect each quarter to 
subsequently have a more accelerating growth trajectory. And therefore, even when we 
think of our business, we do expect that H2 will be on an accelerated growth trajectory. 
Now, what that does do is, and that is the reason why we feel comfortable in terms of 
retaining our guidance of the 13%-15% itself. We do think this business and what we are 
building the business to is industry-leading growth, which we think is a 15% growth number 
from a trajectory standpoint. So, we are continuing to obviously internally try and hit those 
numbers. We are trying to set the business up for that itself. And we think the potential 
exists, especially in this environment where our UnBPOTM proposition, the ability to shift 
clients towards a non-linear commercial construct, the ability to underwrite business 
outcomes, the depth in domain, and the ability to bring technology which is very contextual 
to the domain are all creating competitive moat for us in the focus markets itself. And that 
is allowing us on one hand to take share from existing incumbents but also expand our 
share of wallet in our existing customers with a very focused cross-sell upsell program. You 
heard one data point that we talked about where we added a bunch of strategic logos. And 
in several of the strategic logos, we have crossed the $5 million mark from the time that we 
opened it 4 quarters ago itself. So, I think there are a lot of tailwinds that exist. And we still 
think that the opportunity and the headroom for growth with our existing client portfolio and 
the pace at which we are adding new logos gives us the durability to continue to aspire for 
industry-leading growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
I have just one question. You mentioned in your opening remarks that the deal pipeline is 
now over a billion dollar. If you could just help us put this in context, how much has it 
increased by? What is typically the win ratio that we have? Our revenue on LTM basis is 
already close to a billion dollar. So, how do we look at this? And has our win ratio been 
improving over the last few quarters since the strategy refresh? And should we expect deal 
momentum or deal TCV to increase substantially going ahead? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Abhishek, for the question. So, what I will say, see, this is the first time we are 
formally reporting the deal pipeline number itself. And we felt that as we crossed the billion 
dollars, it was an important milestone for us as a business. But what you can see is that on 
an average, the pipeline goes up about 5%-10% every quarter itself. So, that is one way to 
one variable to think about in terms of how we see the pipeline increase quarter-on-quarter 
itself. Given the fact that in a lot of deals, we are either sole-sourcing those conversations, 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
or we are shaping the deal itself from a transformation program. Several of these don't 
necessarily go through a formal RFP process. Now, what that does do is it results in a higher 
likelihood that we are going to be able to convert the opportunity itself. And given the fact 
that there is depth and domain itself, so that improves our ability to compete and hold our 
own in the markets in which we play. So, suffice to say that win rates are good and have 
improved in the last few quarters, I don't have a specific number on the percentage itself, 
but I think just to give you the qualitative color in terms of how to view the pipeline and the 
win rates itself. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai: 
Just want to discuss the medium-term goals, which is on slide 26 of the presentation. You 
have given 5 drivers each for both double-digit growth and 50-75 basis points EBIT margin 
expansion. If you could point out top 2 drivers in each of these categories, in terms of growth, 
which would be the top 2 drivers for the double-digit revenue growth that you are aspiring 
for? And even that 50-75 basis points EBIT margin expansion, which would be your top 2 
drivers? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Girish, for the question. The way to think about on the growth side, and then I 
will come to the margin side as well. Today, we have opportunities that exist on account of, 
if you just take our FSL80, which is a cohort of 80 accounts where we have significant 
headroom for growth, our share of wallet in several of those accounts leaves ample room 
for expansion. And that is the reason why we are focusing on them very closely as a cohort 
itself and tracking the growth in those accounts. You are already seeing ample signs of the 
fact that our share of revenue from our top 5, top 10 accounts. While the revenue continues 
to increase, we are able to broad-base the portfolio and grow some of these accounts that 
are beyond the top 5, top 10 itself. 
Second is the number of strategic logos that we are adding every quarter. Because again, 
one data point that you have seen is over the last 4 quarters, as those strategic logos have 
come up, our ability to get them to at least a US$5 million run rate, which was going in 
assumption, is something that, again, is an opportunity for us to continue to drive growth. 
Third is, as we enter new markets, and just take an example of two new markets that we 
have just launched, which is the Middle East and Canada, both of which we have done 
exchange filings. These are going to be, as we get into new geographies, that creates a 
vector from a growth standpoint. Fourth is, if you take markets that we launched last year, 
as an example, Australia, we are very pleased with the progress in the Australian market 
from the time that we launched. I was there just last week, and if you look at the number of 
people that we have locally in that market, it is testament to the kind of growth that we have 
been able to achieve. So, that is the third vector, which is new geography that creates an 
opportunity. 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
The fourth is, if you take Ascensos that we acquired last year as an asset, and we were 
doing work in the retail market in the UK, extending that capability to other geographies is 
a logical adjacency, because the skill set and the knowledge of the vertical already exists. 
So, getting into some of those verticals is clearly an opportunity. Similarly, the same play 
happens also in the utilities market. As an example, we were very strong in the UK market. 
It actually gets further solidified once the regulatory approvals for Pastdue Credit come 
through as well, because they have a sizable number of utilities customers with whom they 
work, and we can take the rest of our portfolio there. But now extending the utilities capability 
to markets like North America, as well as Australia, represent additional opportunities. For 
instance, last quarter, we just onboarded a very senior domain person, a practitioner from 
the utilities market to spearhead our efforts. And that is already starting to yield results in 
terms of the traction and the pipeline that we have been able to build up. So, we think that 
is another lever that exists in terms of opportunity. 
And then last is, as we launch new service offerings itself, that creates an additional vector, 
because you will now have additional capabilities that you can take. For instance, we have 
been talking about our tech vertical and some of the work we are doing out there to make 
frontier models better. Some of that is fast growing as the market opportunity there is large, 
but then the ability to extend that beyond the tech vertical to other enterprise customers is 
another opportunity. So, these are some of the players that I would say, from a revenue 
standpoint, we feel good about in terms of what are the drivers for growth itself. To take the 
margin side, I think we have talked about some of the typical unlocks out there, ranging 
from what we can do around traditional operational parameters, the standard stuff that one 
does from a block and tackle standpoint in the account itself. But then over and above that, 
the transformation opportunities that exist with productivity, automation, AI, and the like, and 
what you can achieve there in terms of efficiency gains. The third one is in terms of things 
that we can do to improve our performance in low-margin accounts with a very focused, 
targeted intervention. The fourth is things around where there might be assumption 
mismatches between what we signed up for versus what we are delivering today, and those 
could represent opportunities for either change requests or going back for commercial 
increases. 
And then last but not the least are things that we can do around on the G&A side, whether 
it is around facilities, where we have some places where there are seats that are available, 
which have been unutilized. And as we turn them over, those create margin opportunities 
because the cost goes off the book. Or things that we can do around the HR front, around 
spans, delayering, and things like that, so that we can improve the total talent cost itself and 
rationalize some of the talent costs where appropriate. So, these are some of the key margin 
unlocks that we are also looking at to continue to help achieve the 50-75 bps for this year 
and subsequent years. 
Girish Pai: 
Ritesh, thanks for the detailed answer. Just one last question. This is regarding demand 
conditions in the US mortgage business. Are you seeing any kind of uptick there? 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, what I will say is, and I am sure all of you would have heard the Fed Chairman talked 
about when the rate cut happened. I don't know whether there is going to be another rate 
cut in the December cycle, your guess is probably as good as mine. But I think the way to 
probably think about it is that the 30-year fixed is still hovering around the 6.25%-6.3% mark, 
which is still high. So, with inventory still relatively low, and there is not as much volume that 
is there from a new home buyer to come in, and with interest rates still continuing to be high. 
On the re-fi side, until you actually see the rates go down to about a 5% mark or thereabouts, 
you are not going to see as much active interest coming in. And let me just give you one 
data point out there, which is 88% of all mortgages today are less than 5%. So, that is a 
sizable number. 80% of all mortgages today are less than 4%. There is no incentive for an 
existing homeowner who is sitting on rock-bottom rates to go out and do something different 
when the new interest rate is hovering around the 6% mark. So, there has to be a few more 
rate cuts for some of this inventory to pick up. So, I would still be on a wait-and-watch mode. 
I think that is what a lot of our existing clients are also doing. And that is the reason why for 
us, what we are trying to do is spend a lot of time making sure that we are creating the 
more-for-less play for them, leading with technology, so that we can allow them to skinny-
dip into this as the environment improves, for them to be able to do more-for-less without 
having to hire as many people and they use tech in a meaningful way itself. So, that is why 
some of those investments in Lyzr and AppliedAI also come in very handy with some of the 
things we are trying to do for the mortgage sector. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Ritesh, basically some of your IT services peers have also indicated about strong growth 
for their BPO business. Just while you have been talking about your UnBPOTM strategy as 
well, and your numbers have been decent, but it would be great to understand how are you 
seeing the competitive landscape evolve given the IT plus BPO playbook at one end and 
the process specialist like yours? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thanks for the question, Manik. I would urge you to look at the Everest Group report that 
came out about 3 or 6 months ago. What you will see in that report consistently is that the 
pure play BPO companies are growing at a much faster clip compared to the integrated tech 
plus BPO players. So, that is just the data point right there in terms of, and that is not me 
saying it, that Everest Group well-respected research output saying the same. What I would 
do is probably dwell a little bit into the things that support us. I can't comment on what the 
other companies are doing or not doing, but I think what helps us is, and that is what we are 
singularly focused on our business and what we can do to continue to deepen our 
competitive moat. To me, it still comes down to four things – depth and domain. We are not 
trying to be everything to everybody. So, we are not a one-size-fits-all and therefore, we are 
everything to everybody and therefore nothing to anybody. We are very deep in domain and 
that inch-wide, mile-deep supports us. I think the second thing that works in our favor is we 
are able to bring technology contextualized to the domain. So, it is not a one-size-fits-all out 

 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
there. It is a horses-for-courses kind of a play. Sometimes tech in an existing organization, 
especially for IT services and a BPO output, can actually be a little bit of a negative because 
you might think you know it all from a tech standpoint, whereas sometimes you got to go 
out there, partner, work with the startup ecosystem, to try and bring the best of what is 
possible to solve a specific complex customer problem. And the third is, I think, the ability 
to underwrite outcomes. The depth and domain is creating the comfort for us to underwrite 
outcomes. We know that we probably have an opportunity to lead on that front, and I think 
that helps. And last is, I think, what really creates, when you put it all together, the ability to 
be agile and what I call is as ‘enterprise scrappy’, allows us to move at speed to solve some 
of these complex problems. When you bring all these 4 things together, I think that creates 
a competitive moat and we are able to hold our own and that is probably the reason why 
when Everest is seeing some of the numbers, they see us and some other companies in 
the space growing at a much faster clip compared to the integrated IT plus BPO players. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani for closing comments.  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you all for joining the call and for your questions. I just want to close with a few final 
points. Our sales engine continues to work well. We had four large deal wins in Q2. This is 
now the third straight quarter of 4 or more deals and the sixth straight quarter of 3 or more 
large deals. As I mentioned earlier, our deal pipeline also crossed a billion dollar for the first 
time. We also closed on a trailing 12-months basis a billion dollars in revenue.  
Our net headcount addition was the highest in the last six quarters as we prepare for an 
accelerated growth over the second half of FY26. 
Our free cash conversion was healthy at 117% of PAT. 
Our long-term aspirations therefore continue to remain intact. We continue to see our 
constant currency revenue growth for FY26 in the 13%-15% range that places us in the top 
decile for the industry and we remain laser focused on improving our margins by 50-75 basis 
points and bringing them in line with peers over the next 3-4 years. 
That is all from our side and we look forward to interacting with you again in the next quarter 
call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Firstsource Solutions Limited that conclude this 
conference, thank you for joining us. 
