Greenply/2025-26 
November 06, 2025 
The Manager 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 526797 
Symbol - GREENPLY 
Dear Sir 
/ Madam, 
Sub: Conference Call Transcript 
Please find enclosed Conference Call Transcript in respect of conference call for Investors and Analysts 
held on November 04, 2025 on the financial results of Greenply Industries Limited for the quarter and half 
year ended 30th September, 2025. 
The same is also available on the website of the Company viz. www.greenply.com/investors 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For GREENPLY INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
KAUSHAL KUMAR AGARWAL 
COMPANY SECRETARY & 
VICE PRESIDENT-LEGAL 
Encl.: As above 
Greenply Industries Limited 
‘Madgul Lounge’, 5th & 6th Floor, 23 Chetla Central Road, Kolkata - 700027, West Bengal, India 
T:4+91 33 24500400, 30515000 | E: kaushal.agarwal@greenply.com | www.greenply.com | CIN: L20211WB1990PLC268743 
Registered Office :‘Madgul Lounge’, 6th Floor, 23 Chetla Central Road, Chetla, Kolkata - 700027, West Bengal, India 
KAUSHAL 
KUMAR 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by KAUSHAL 
KUMAR AGARWAL 
Date: 2025.11.06 16:39:08 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Greenply Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 04, 2025 
  
 
 
       
 
       
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANOJ TULSIAN – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GREENPLY 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SANIDHYA MITTAL – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – GREENPLY INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SANJIV KESHRI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GREENPLY INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KARAN BHATELIA – ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Greenply Industries' Q2 and H1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Asian Market Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch-tone phone. Please note this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to sir Karan from Asian Market Securities Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Thank you, Mark. Hi, everyone. Good evening. On behalf of Asian Market Securities, we thank 
you for joining us on the Greenply Industries 2Q and First Half FY '26 Conference Call. 
 
In the panel today, we have Mr. Manoj Tulsian, Joint Managing Director and CEO; Sanidhya 
Mittal, Joint Managing Director; and CFO, Mr. Sanjiv Keshri. May I now invite Manoj ji to 
begin the proceedings of the call. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Thank you, Karan, and good evening, everyone. It's a pleasure to have you all on the call. I will 
be updating to you on Greenply's operating and financial performance for quarter 2 and H1 FY 
2026. 
 
As communicated during our last call, we have been able to grow over Q1 FY '26 in both our 
segments. Also during the quarter, we have achieved revenue growth on a Y-o-Y basis, and we 
are confident that the same momentum will continue in H2 also. The gradual progress in BIS 
implementation and steady timber prices continue to provide a favourable environment for 
organized and branded players like us. 
 
On the marketing strategy, I would like to share that Greenply campaigns primarily focused on 
the premium green range. However, communication has now been extended to the value 
segment with Ecotec effectively addressing the affordability-driven consumer base. The latest 
campaign, Kaam Sahi. Daam Sahi., has actually positioned the brand effectively. With a focus 
on practicality and smart spending, the campaign has witnessed remarkable traction, driving 
strong brand recall and reinforcing Ecotec's standing in the mid-price category. 
 
We have also commenced advertising for the fast-growing MDF category, focusing on building 
stronger awareness. Through this 3 brand communication approach, Greenply has strategically 
enhanced the visibility of its product portfolio across key market segments, spanning the 
premium green range, value-focused Ecotec products and the growing MDF category. 
 
I would like to share with you that we have achieved a consolidated quarterly revenue of 
INR688.6 crores, which is a growth of 7.5% on a Y-o-Y basis. Our consolidated core EBITDA 
for the quarter was INR56.8 crores with a core EBITDA margin of 8.2% compared to 9% in 
corresponding quarter, a decline of 80 basis points. 
 
On a half yearly basis, our consolidated revenue was at INR1,289.4 crores, which is a growth of 
5.3% on a Y-o-Y basis. Our consolidated EBITDA was at INR118.4 crores, which is a growth 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
of 2.5% on a Y-o-Y basis. The EBITDA margin was at 9.2% as compared to 9.4% in H1 FY 
'25. 
 
PBT before the losses on equity accounted investees, foreign exchange gain/loss as an 
adjustment to finance costs and exceptional item is at INR83 crores for H1 FY '26, which is a 
15% Y-o-Y growth as against PBT of INR72 crores in H1 FY '25. The profit after tax was 
INR44.4 crores. 
 
Let me now share the highlights of our individual business segments. We observed a significant 
demand for mid-value segments during the quarter, resulting in an average realization per square 
meter of INR242, a 3.5% decrease year-on-year. On the margin front, our core EBITDA margin 
for Q2 FY '26 was 8.2% compared to 7.9% in previous quarter. The margin improved on a 
quarterly basis by 30 basis points. 
 
On a half yearly basis, we have achieved a revenue of INR995.5 crores, a growth of 3.1% on a 
Y-o-Y basis. Our volume growth for the first half of the year is 2.5% Y-o-Y. Our core EBITDA 
grew by 2.9% on a Y-o-Y basis to INR80.6 crores in H1 FY 2026, and EBITDA margin stood 
at 8.1%. 
 
Moving on to MDF business. Our revenue in Q2 FY '26 was INR146.8 crores and volume at 
47,018 CBM, which is a growth of 16.1% and 15.9% on a Y-o-Y basis. We successfully 
expanded our manufacturing capacity from 800 CBM per day to 1,000 CBM per day during this 
quarter. Production during the quarter was temporarily impacted by the expansion-related 
shutdown, as mentioned above, resulting in moderate margins of 8.3%. 
 
The margin decline during the quarter is one-off and is primarily due to 3 factors: reduction in 
finished goods inventory, resulting in under absorption of overheads, liquidation of old and non-
moving inventory at a higher discount, resulting in lower realization and outsourced material 
consumption to temporarily balance the market needs. 
 
However, with operations now fully normalized with enhanced production capacity, we are 
confident of a strong rebound in the second half and expect to return to double-digit margin 
levels as well as double-digit volume growth. More details on the MDF business will be shared 
by Sanidhya. 
 
Moving on to our furniture and fitting JV. We have achieved sales of INR11.4 crores in Q2 FY 
'26, achieving half yearly revenue of INR17.9 crores. The JV reported a PAT loss of INR11.8 
crores in Q2 FY '26 with our share of the loss amounting to INR5.9 crores and half yearly PAT 
loss of INR22.6 crores with our share of the loss amounting to INR11.3 crores. As these are 
initial period and the brand has to be built up to compete with the premium brands in the country, 
we'll continue to invest significantly in brand building also. 
 
Our consolidated net debt stood at INR510 crores at the end of quarter -- current quarter. As 
previously communicated, this will further reduce with the liquidation of excess inventory, 
which started from this quarter onwards. And hence, we remain confident that our debt-equity 
ratio will be in the range of 0.5x despite further capex in H2. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
With respect to our operations at Greenply Middle East Limited, we have further reduced 
exposure from -- of our guarantees from USD3.8 million to USD2.7 million. As a result, our 
contingent liability has also decreased from INR32 crores to almost INR24 crores. 
 
With this statement, I would like to hand it over to Sanidhya to provide some more insights on 
the MDF business. Over to you, Sanidhya. 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Thank you, Manoj ji, and good evening to everyone on the call. Our sales in this quarter showed 
a 16.1% year-on-year improvement over the last quarter in terms of value terms. While during 
the quarter, our EBITDA margins were lower for the reasons highlighted earlier by Mr. Tulsian.  
 
However, we remain confident of achieving double-digit margins in the range of 16% in H2 FY 
'26. We are confident that the second half of the year will see stronger revenue growth with 
improved operating efficiencies and driven by our focus on selling more value-added products. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Arpit Kumar from Unifi Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead.  
Arpit Kumar: 
So I have a couple of questions. Firstly, on the BIS norms. So have you -- after the 
implementation of the BIS norms for the industry, have you seen any noticeable shift in demand 
from organized players to -- unorganized players to organized players? And also, if you could 
highlight the benefits of BIS implementation for Greenply? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Okay. This is the first question? 
Arpit Kumar: 
Yes, this is the first question. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
So can you also talk about the second question and then we can reply. 
Arpit Kumar: 
Yes, sure. So the second question is, just wanted to know your demand and supply outlook for 
MDF and plywood industry over the next 12 to 24 months, specifically how you see the demand 
momentum for the MDF industry and the capacity utilization? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Okay. So your first question is on BIS. So we can only tell you about how we are able to see 
things happening. It's a continuous process. So it's not like something that it's been done across 
the country and everyone has become BIS compliant. We think it's still miles to travel, but the 
initial signs are very good, encouraging. 
 
And we keep reading and we keep also coming to know from the industry that BIS is 
continuously conducting such, not only at the manufacturing location, but also at the dealer 
point. And in a way, it's sending a very strong message to the trade and the manufacturers that 
people have to comply to BIS norms. 
 
The biggest benefit, if you really see, has come because the imports have reduced significantly. 
So like if you have to compare last year's versus this year's numbers, so imports this year 
compared to last year, both in MDF and plywood is like 3% to 4% of last year's number. So that 
itself clearly says, as the first level of improvement, which is there. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
And most of that was getting used at the level of OEM or the key manufacturers. So that traction 
is visible clearly. But as I said, it's a continuous process. It will take some time for this to really 
show up even larger benefits for the branded goods player. And we are very, very hopeful that 
this will continue to benefit companies like us. 
 
In terms of the demand scenario on plywood, see, despite -- if you really see -- when you look 
at the real estate data, the residential data, there is a degrowth compared to last year, both in 
quarter 1 as well as quarter 2. But still, if you really look at us, we have grown by around 7% in 
terms of volume. 
 
And we are very optimistic that in quarter 3 and quarter 4 also of this year, we'll be actually able 
to grow at 10% plus in volume, a, because of, of course, this BIS, which is helping, the trade, 
which is helping us; b, also because we have done a lot of improvements in our own process. 
We have hired a consulting service around a year back. 
 
And we started systematically, first of all, correcting the back end, which was our own supply 
chain, our production availability and then getting into a lot of initiative on the sales side 
management and this. That has also started showing a very disciplined approach, which is also 
resulting into higher traction into the market. So we are very confident that from here on, we 
will be able to see better growth on Greenply even in plywood as a business. 
 
In terms of outlook, look, the Indian story remains very, very strong overall. These are few 
quarters where, again, as I said, the chips are slightly down, but I'm very much sure that with the 
type of growth which all of us are talking about, this sector is still to really fire the residential 
sector again. And once that happens, then we can look at a much larger growth. We are very 
much prepared for the same. Sanidhya, do you want to say anything on MDF outlook. 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
I think demand in the MDF industry also remains strong. I think the imports are really down, 
even though the domestic competition is really tightened and significant today, which was a 
couple of years ago, it didn't exist that many domestic players. But with our brand and with our 
approach, I think we are very confident that we'll be able to sell our entire capacity. 
 
And we've already expanded our capacity, which Manoj ji mentioned in his speech, I've 
mentioned and now we are looking to quickly utilize the entire capacity. And I think H2 should 
be a display of that if things go as per plan. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Yes, 100%. 
Arpit Kumar: 
Okay. So what is the current capacity utilization you are at for Q2? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
For MDF... 
Arpit Kumar: 
Yes, MDF. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
So MDF actually in Q2, we took a shutdown also, right? So -- but if you look at it, whatever 
turnover we have achieved in Q2, that will utilize maybe around 70% of our capacity. So we are 
now good at capacity after this expansion on MDF. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from Yes Securities. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Sir, in terms of MDF margin, you mentioned that H2 will be 16%. So given that if there were 
no shutdown, was it just one-off? And how are you seeing the competitive behaviour since they 
are taking a lot of price correction to push volumes? How is that rubbing off to the margins? 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
That is true. There are competitors sitting with large capacities to sell their capacities, they are 
undercutting. But that is in a particular segment to achieve a volume. I think competitors with 
very, very large capacities, their focus is to sell the industrial grade or the interior grade in which 
they are mainly cutting prices. If you look at our realizations also, our realizations have also 
slightly gone down. 
 
But we are very confident that we can still maintain a 16% margin for H2, given that now there 
will be operating efficiencies in this plant. The 25% of the capacity has gone up, but the fixed 
cost remains almost the same, hardly any change there. So a little bit of reduction in the 
realization, a little bit of cost increase, a little bit of efficiency increase, I think the back to square 
one. 
 
So whatever we were displaying or speaking about in Q1, I think we are maintaining the same. 
Obviously, Q2 was a one-off quarter because we originally shut down the plant for a month, but 
we took more than 40 days to actually get it up and running again. So we lost out on that, and 
that's the reason why you see these margins. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Quarter 2 is just a one-off case, right? So you should look at us how we did in quarter 1. I think 
the scenario was almost similar in quarter 2 also. There's not much change which has happened 
on the pricing or the realization side post quarter 1. And so quarter 2, like as we mentioned in 
the opening speech, that gave us an opportunity also to liquidate some of our non-moving 
inventory because sales definitely had the target which they had to achieve. 
 
So in a way, it was good that, yes, some of those materials went at a very heavy discount, which 
reflected in the margin also, which dropped to single-digit, but good that we were able to feed 
those as a capital. And in any case, it was either a non-moving or very slow moving. And I think 
there is -- and we are talking of now in H2 almost a higher double-digit growth. 
 
So you will see larger operating efficiency also getting into play because this 800 CBM going 
into 1,000 CBM, we are not adding any costs. It's just that my production level goes up with 
almost the same level of people, manpower and everything, all my fixed cost. So we are pretty 
confident that if we are able to achieve our higher double-digit growth, which also is visible, we 
will be able to get a margin also of 16% plus. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Okay, sir. So fair to assume you are not assuming any price hikes. So if any of the industry price 
hikes comes up, that will be over and above what these margins could be. Is that a fair 
understanding or you are all factoring some price hikes? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
We are not factoring any price increase at this point of time. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Okay. And sir, post this expansion, what will be the split of capacity in the incremental 
specifically, how much more value-added products can we produce? 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
So I think this is the mainline capacity. So our fresh is going from 800 CBM to 1,000 CBM and 
all our balancing equipment’s were already designed as per 1,000 CBM. So, I mean, it totally 
depends on our selling skills and our sales team's efficiency to go out there and look for more 
value-added sales. So I think product mix is pretty much defined on sales, not because of the 
fresh. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
So there's no differentiation in terms of the capacity within 800 CBM or 1,000 CBM that we can 
only produce up to this much of value-added products. It's like what Sanidhya is saying, it's 
totally dependent on our sales orders and our strong work in the -- on the street. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Sure, sir. And just lastly, in plywoods working capital, we have seen some increase in the 
debtors. So is this just for -- with the spends or the -- your efforts you're making for the Ecotec 
brand and how -- when can we expect it to normalize? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
No, I think sales is also higher. If you see compared to quarter 1, if you're just comparing it with 
that. Our overdue status has not gone up significantly between quarter 1 and quarter 2. However, 
there is -- there will be an effort to bring down our overdue in quarter 3 and quarter 4. So maybe 
there will be some amount of working capital release, which internally we are targeting. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Okay. And sir, just last question to specify the 10% volume growth for H2 from that volume 
growth, can we achieve this 10% EBITDA margin that we are still eagerly waiting for the 
company to deliver? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
See, raw material prices, which also we -- actually we perceive that it will soften by quarter 3. 
We at least still maintain that this year, the raw material prices are very stable. And there is a 
most likely chance that the raw material prices may drop also. It can be end of quarter 3, it may 
be in quarter 4. And if that happens, then there will be an incremental margin accretion which 
will happen. 
 
In any case, our H2 plywood targets are much better compared to our H1 numbers. So some 
level of operating efficiency will play. That's why we have said our H2 margin will be better 
than H1. Our investments on the marketing spend is also quite high because we have also started 
now, as I said, we have started investing on Ecotec as a brand when it comes to plywood as a 
segment. And we continue to even invest on our premium brand Greenply. So we are not cutting 
down anything on the marketing spend also. 
 
So keeping these things in mind, yes, 10% may or may not happen. But at this point of time, for 
sure, we don't want to promise 10%. Yes, if we get very good growth, if we get a growth which 
is more than 15% for H2, then for sure, our internal working says that we can even touch 10% 
plus margin for H2. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaushal Sharma from Equinox Capital Ventures Private 
Limited. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Yes. So my first question on your HDF flooring, like we are doing capex on our HDF flooring. 
So when can we expect to operationalize this? 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Currently, we are conducting trials. The machine is fully installed, and we are in the process of 
making samples and displays for the entire market. Early December, I think we should start 
selling commercially. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
So what is the capex in this involved and the capacity are we looking for? 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
I think the CFO can share that. I don't have that number handy, and I don't want to give you a 
wrong number. Maybe... 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Maybe we can share it afterwards. If it's not there, maybe he will also not have at this point of 
time. It's not a major capex. 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
It's a very small capex. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
It's a very small capex, but maybe we can give the numbers afterwards to you. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Okay, sir. My second question is on your plywood business. Like earlier in the last call, you said 
our target is around double-digit growth in this segment with double-digit margin. But currently, 
we are getting 3.1% year-on-year increase in H1 financial '26 with core EBITDA 8.1%. So are 
we aligned with our target? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
So as I mentioned, first thing in quarter 2, we got a volume growth of 7%. Our initial guidance 
was a 10% volume growth and also 10% margin for the full year. We have definitely missed out 
on the margin front in H1 because we could not register a growth of 10%. So somewhere this 
10% margin is also related to our volume growth. And since we missed out on the volume 
growth, we have clearly missed out on our EBITDA guidance also. 
 
For H2, we are very, very comfortable, as we mentioned that, one, things like better BIS 
implementation, lower imports, raw material prices slightly more stable. And then as we said 
internally, we have done a lot of work taking support of a consulting firm also, which has now 
started showing results from the last quarter. 
 
I mean, one that internally building up a lot of better controls and processes, better measuring 
systems, as well as this getting into branding investment on Ecotec as a brand, which is the value 
of the plywood business is also showing us rich signs in the market. So we are very confident 
now that double-digit growth in volume in H2 is doable. 
 
And if it goes to a higher double-digit, then maybe we can even surprise the market by actually 
giving a 10% plus EBITDA in H2. But we don't want to promise that at this point of time. And 
if we are able to achieve a 10% plus EBITDA this year in H2, then for sure, we are in double-
digit margins in plywood business for next year. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
And my last question, just want to know one clarification. I have seen your consolidated results, 
and we have generated some exceptional gain around INR4.43 crores by selling 30% stake in 
our Greenply Middle East Limited. But the overall consideration is around INR4.25 crores, but 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
we have generated gain of INR4.43 crores. So why the amount is not -- there is some mismatch 
in this amount? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Actually, this happened in quarter 1. And whoever asked for, we provided a full reconciliation 
because there are actually 5, 6 adjustment entries because of the stand-alone and then it gets 
consolidated and then the way the forex thing gets reinstated and treated. So in case you want 
that detail, please reach out to our IR person, Mr. Jay, and he will be able to provide you that 
entire reconciliation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, on the MDF, I just wanted to clarify, there are no one-offs related to plant shutdown or 
restart in this quarter. If there's a number, if you could give that, that would be quite helpful. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Sorry? No, no. So we mentioned -- see, it is a mix of 3 things which we mentioned. One, because 
we had built up inventories, which we mentioned in the last quarter also that whenever we take 
a shutdown, we cannot be out of market. And the shutdown was totally dependent on our 
capability to first build up that much of stock so that at least we are 70%, 80% able to serve the 
market on the monthly requirement. 
 
So when actually the inventory gets built up, there is an overabsorption of overheads, which 
results in slightly better margins. So in a way, if you can really see maybe quarter 3, quarter 4 
or even quarter 1 this year, there can be an iota of incremental margin, which was partially due 
to the added inventory, which we started keeping. So once we liquidate that portion of the margin 
actually gets wiped out. So that is one. 
 
Second, as I said that we had some non-moving inventory and very slow moving inventory. 
which we use this as an opportunity by giving better target to the sales team so that they were 
pushed to somehow get rid of the inventory into the market by selling them at a higher discount. 
So that was the second reason. 
 
And the third was that despite whatever planning we did, we were still running out of some of 
the SKUs, which would complete a particular order. So we went into some mode of trading also 
to balance some of these SKUs. And when you get into the trading time, so automatically, your 
margin on that will be much lower. 
 
So it was a culmination of all 3, which resulted into this drop of margin by almost 6% or 7% -- 
8% to 9% compared to quarter 1. But now that have gone up, we are -- we will be back to our 
16% plus margin. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. Sir, the second bucket, what you indicated, slow-moving inventory, can you highlight what 
sort of SKUs were there? The reason I ask is because historically, we have maintained that we 
don't intend to be there much in the industrial side of things. So is this something that we had 
exposure on industrial, we had some inventory and we cleared that thing out. So is there some 
change in mix? How should we look at it? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
I mean we had old inventories. When you are running the line, 1% of your production is B grade. 
So we had it piled up for 6 months. So we thought when our plant is shut, let's utilize and let's 
sell everything we have. So we cleared all our B grade back then, then we cleared some 
thicknesses or some unique sizes that the team had given a projection for sales, but that did not 
sell since inception. 
 
So we thought that instead of carrying that in our books, let's give whatever discount the market 
needs and let's actually liquidate that. So any old stuff thing, which was maybe a learning curve 
for us or maybe as a process, it's produced, etcetera, was all cleared out during the sales. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Yes, because it was only a learning curve, you may say because initially what we started 
producing was clearly based on our sales team's forecast at that point of time. And some of the 
SKUs, which we had much higher numbers in terms of forecast, but like how hardly we were 
able to sell. 
 
So those were the things which were not actually getting sold in the regular day-to-day thing. So 
this we got as an opportunity and window to push. That does not mean that we were able to 
liquidate, we may still carry something out of that, but we took all our efforts to use this as an 
opportunity. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes. Sir, just to clarify, so we don't have any exposure to industrial-grade MDF. Just wanted to 
clarify that. 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
We have exposure to interior grade or industrial-grade MDF. We definitely have. But since we 
have a very strong brand and only 1 plant, our focus on that category is very low. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay. Sanidhya, would it be possible to indicate, say, hypothetically on the full year volumes, 
what percentage of our volumes would fall under this part? 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
35%, 40% should be -- 35% should be in interior. Yes, in fact, interior, industrial is the same 
thing. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay. That's helpful. Sir, second question was, Manoj ji, you indicated that there is no pressure 
on the raw material side. Can you indicate how much was the resin cost increase this particular 
quarter? And I presume like for us, what you indicated second half margins, we are already 
factoring this cost increase, assuming stable prices, you indicated the margin profile. So just 
possible to understand how much was the chemical or resin price increases this quarter? And 
how do we see that going forward? 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
So you're talking about MDF? Yes. So in MDF, yes, the resin prices have gone up because of 
the tight competition, there is a pressure on the realization as well because of certain players 
undercutting. And these are the minuses for H2 and the plus for H2 is that, the fixed cost remains 
the same and we'll have a higher output. 
 
So whatever we were going to gain because of the fixed cost remaining hit, we are now kind of 
both are getting null and void. So the loss because of the resin, not the realization is kind of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
getting covered in the operating efficiency. Hence, we are commenting that we look at a 16% 
guidance for H2, what we had told in the beginning of the year. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. So this doesn't mean that the industry will follow suit. It is more because of our operational 
efficiencies you are guiding for the margins what we are indicating. Would that be fair? 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Absolutely. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Yes, right. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Great. Sir, just 2 quick questions. Have you adopted any bundling strategies in the marketplace 
for ply and MDF together? That's one. And secondly, if you could give some numbers with 
respect to the JV for, say, second half of the fiscal and next year, what our targets are on revenue, 
EBITDA and PAT? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
No. I mean, I've not understood. Bundling strategy means what? Actually, yes, we get the 
advantage that if there is a plywood dealer, we definitely have the sales team which takes a lead. 
So the MDF team takes a lead from the plywood team and tries and approach them and vice 
versa. But there's no bundling sales per se. 
 
And the second thing was on the JV portion. See, we have now achieved a run rate of around 
INR4-odd crores per month. So for H2, for sure, we are looking at INR25 crores plus, may go 
up to INR30 crores because our dealer base is improving every month. And our sales team 
expansion is also taking place now. For next year, we are looking at -- aggressively, if you ask 
us, we are looking at that possibly we'll be able to touch anything around INR100 crores as a 
turnover. This year, maybe it will be around INR50-odd crores. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. Sir, just to come back to the prior answer, what you indicated, our plants are stabilized. 
We are established brand. We have distribution. Then why are we not going ahead with bundling 
strategies or incentive schemes to cross-sell ply and MDF to maximize sales? Any specific 
reason? Or is it something which is work in progress? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
No. So first, Ritesh, on this, today also, if you see the overlap is only around 25% to 30%, okay, 
between the 2. And second, as I said that it is not easy because when you have different sales 
team and so sometimes even the challenge faced by the sales team, so let's say, if it's a plywood 
sales team, they themselves have 6, 7, 8 sub-brands to sell. At times, they are not even able to 
do justice to that. If they are able to do justice, they will actually be able to draw even better 
traction on the plywood business itself. 
 
So as I said that now we are using the service of some consulting house for last 12 months or 
maybe 15 months. We have been able to do a few more things in terms of measurables, in terms 
of making a very detailed sales plan for them, which is bringing in larger accountability and 
visibility with these type of things and then this is just a quarter when we have done this. 
 
So I think the team is also getting used to it. The good part is that, there is a lot of buoyancy in 
the team to accept this change in the culture and system. So this will give us rich dividend going 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
forward. Once we are able to do it within the verticals, then I think the question really comes of 
across verticals. We have discussed this so many times, but implementation of this is never easy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishita from Sapphire Capital. 
Nishita: 
Sir, I just want some clarification on your guidance. So you mentioned that you'll be able to do 
double-digit margin in MDF in H2 FY '26 and 10% volume growth and 10% margin in H2 FY 
'26 for plywood. Can you give an overall guidance for the complete FY '26 for both the 
segments? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
No. So let me slightly just repeat. For plywood, we are saying that 10% volume growth in H2
 
. Margins in H2 for sure would be better than the margin what we have delivered in 
H1. If the growth in plywood is higher double digits, then there is a good chance basis our 
working that we may touch 10% margin also in H2. That is on the plywood side. 
 
On the MDF, we are looking at a higher double-digit growth, and we are very confident now 
because we have been able to do the capacity expansion in quarter 2. And we are also saying 
that we will be able to deliver 16% plus margin in MDF for H2. For the full year, if we will have 
to work that, we have actually not seen it that way, but maybe for the full year MDF with this 
guidance may reach around 14.5%, 15% margin for the full year. And in plywood, it can be 
around 8.5%, 8.6%, which looks quite possible. 
Nishita: 
Okay. And any guidance on the volume growth for the whole year? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Yes. So, I mean, the H1 numbers are already there. So if you just add up the H2 numbers, you 
will be able to work out the full year guidance numbers also accordingly. Growth for MDF, what 
we are talking about in any case for the full year also will be higher double-digit. And the margin, 
as I said, can be around 14.5% to 15% for the full year. 
 
Plywood, full year growth -- volume growth is only around, I think, 3.5% in H1. 3% and we are 
talking of 10% plus. So it can be like 6.5% to 7% volume growth for the full year and the margin 
can be around 8.5% or 8.7% for the full year, 8.5% actually. For the full year, it can be around 
8.5%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Bhavsar from Investec. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Sir, there is one clarification I wanted that you mentioned something in terms of revenue, 
EBITDA, PAT target for '27. So can you just clarify that like you mentioned a number of INR100 
crores per month. Is that right? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
No, no, no, no. Someone asked a question on the projection for JV for next year. For that full 
year next year, we are targeting INR100 crores.  
Parth Bhavsar: 
Perfect. And sir, like in terms of any guidance for '27, anything, if you would like to give that, 
otherwise, it's okay. I believe it's too soon. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Yes, it's too soon. And I think we are focusing right now on H2. We are very excited with 
whatever efforts we have taken that H2 will be definitely, definitely much better, both in terms 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
of plywood as well as the MDF business. And once we have done that, then for sure, we'll be 
able to give you the guidance sometimes in Q4 for next year. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
And sir, anything on capex, like are we -- anything on capex that you can guide for '26 and '27? 
Is that possible? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
So for this year, I can tell you that we might end up investing another INR100-odd crores in 
different pockets because, one, we are actually doing some improvement in terms of our process 
in 1 or 2 plants on plywood. It's a change of process. It's an innovation where we are actually 
getting a total new line. Second, we are doing some level of line balancing on the plywood 
business again, which will call for some capex. 
 
Then third, our Odisha plant has also now -- is in the construction mode. So there will be a level 
of investment which will go into that. And then the investment on the PVC plant also. So these 
4, I think, are the major elements of capex in H2. All this together can take around almost -- plus 
some maintenance capex may actually take around INR100 crores to INR110-odd crores of 
outflow. 
 
Next year, actually, we don't have the number right now because it will depend on at what pace 
we are able to spend during this H2. Depending on the same, the balance amount will go into 
next year as capex, which is mainly Odisha plant next year. Next year, balance capex is Odisha 
plant. And I think only some maintenance capex, nothing much as of now. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay. And sir, one last question, sir. How is the Samet JV, how is it faring? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Well, it's improving every day. We have been able to add dealers incrementally every month. 
And we are now also increasing our sales team force into the market. So we started with a very 
lean and thin team and now we are adding people there also. So as I said that if you see in quarter 
2, we have almost achieved a run rate of around INR4-odd crores per month. And we hope that 
this run rate moves to around INR5-odd crores per month in H2. So things are only looking up 
there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Bhatelia from AMS. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Yes. From Asian Market Securities. Sanidhya, any clarity on the next leg of capex for MDF? I 
mean, assuming we're growing at 15% plus volume here on. So when do we plan for a further 
big leg of capacity expansion for MDF? Will it be at the existing location or we will be planning 
a joint plant at Odisha? Your thoughts on that? 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
I think we have sufficient land in Odisha and for Vadodara, we have multiple things to do but, 
we keep studying the suppliers, and we have to take a call some 4 and 5 months, 6 months 
maybe. 
Manoj Tulsian: 
We surely need the capacity in FY '28. Okay? So for that, yes, in the next 5 or 6 months for sure, 
we will have to finalize the place where we want to do it and the partner who would be there in 
terms of our machine supply and everything. And then we'll have to get going because the way 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
we are growing in MDF, otherwise, as Sanidhya is saying, FY '28 growth will get hampered. FY 
'27, we are comfortable, but FY '28 growth will get hampered. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Right. So also some clarification on the capex. So INR100 crores incremental capex in the 
second half, right? So that will give us how much for the entire year? And does that include the 
investment in JV? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Yes, it includes the investment in JV. I missed that. So it will include further investment in the 
JV also as the fifth element. We have almost spent around INR56 crores in H1. So it will be like 
almost INR155 crores to INR160 crores for the full year. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
INR160 crores for full year, including the investment in JV? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
The JV. Yes. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Right, right. Anything else apart from MDF and plywood, any other product category laminates 
particular board you want to add in the Odisha capex? 
Manoj Tulsian: 
I think we have enough things on plate. The first thing is we have to bring plywood back into 
double-digit growth clearly. And we have to -- at a high double-digit in MDF. So these are the 
things which we see in H2. And once we are done with that, we also need to take our decision 
on the next line for MDF, which is a rightful question raised by someone. So all these things are 
most important. 
 
And then only maybe at some point of time because Samet is a great business, the furniture 
hardware. And we also need to make sure that next year how we make sure that we are able to 
touch around INR100 crores turnover in that business so that the year subsequent, we are able 
to break even and start making money. 
 
Also in that business, the losses are today very high for the reason because almost 45%, 50% of 
the product is imported. So we have a Phase 2, Phase 3 expansion plan. Once that happens, then 
the margin profile changes significantly because the products which we are importing versus the 
same product which we start manufacturing in India, the margin profile changes significantly. 
There is nothing to worry about the type of losses which are going into at this point of time. 
 
We are -- these are all planned. And also, we continue to invest heavily on the marketing and 
branding side. We are present in exhibitions which is happening on this, and we are also doing 
other branding activities. So we are very much on the plan of doing well in the furniture hardware 
business going forward. So these are quite a bit of things already on the platter, at this point of 
time, we are not thinking of any  ideas, at least for the next 9 to 12 months. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Great. I think that was insightful. Since there are no further questions, any closing remarks you 
want to make, management team? 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Yes. Thank you. Thank you all for taking time to participate in this call. In case of any further 
clarification or queries, please feel free to reach us. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greenply Industries Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Asian Market Securities Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
