 
 
Adani Power Limited 
          Tel  +91 79 2656 7555 
“Adani Corporate House” 
          Fax +91 79 2555 7177 
 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, 
info@adani.com 
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,                                            
           www.adanipower.com 
Ahmedabad-382421, Gujarat India 
CIN : L40100GJ1996PLC030533 
 
Registered Office: “Adani Corporate House”, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad-382421 
November 5, 2025  
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Code: 533096 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Scrip Code: ADANIPOWER 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors / Analysts Conference Call on Q2 FY26 Financial 
Results of Adani Power Limited held on October 30, 2025 
 
Ref.: Our intimation dt. October 23, 2025 w.r.t. interaction with Investors / 
Analysts pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In furtherance to our above-referred intimation, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Investors / Analysts Conference Call held on October 30, 
2025. 
 
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website 
of the Company i.e. www.adanipower.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
  
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Adani Power Limited 
 
 
 
Deepak S Pandya 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl.: as above. 
DEEPAK 
SANATKUM
AR PANDYA
Digitally signed by 
DEEPAK SANATKUMAR 
PANDYA 
Date: 2025.11.05 
18:24:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Adani Power Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. S. B. KHYALIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ADANI POWER 
LIMITED 
MR. DILIP JHA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ADANI POWER LIMITED 
MR. NISHIT DAVE - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ADANI POWER 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MR. MOHIT KUMAR – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Adani Power Limited Q2 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’, and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to welcome you all on 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call of Adani Power Limited. 
Today, we have with us from the management, Mr. S. B. Khyalia – CEO, Mr. 
Dilip Jha – CFO, Mr. Nishit Dave - Head, Investor Relations. 
We will start with the opening remarks followed by Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Good Afternoon, Friends! I want to extend a warm welcome to everyone who 
has joined us today for our second Quarter FY2025-26 Earnings Call. 
I appreciate that you have taken time out of your busy schedule to connect with 
us. Before we begin, I encourage you to download and review our Quarterly 
Results and the Analyst Presentation, which have been made available on the 
Stock Exchanges. 
With me on the call, I have our CFO – Mr. Dilip Jha and Nishit Dave – our 
Investor Relations Head. 
The Adani Portfolio Company has consistently demonstrated their strength 
with resilience over the past several years. The portfolio’s scale in terms of 
investment, revenues, EBITDA and cash flows has grown by multiples. 
Focusing on Adani Power, I am proud to say that our company has made a 
significant contribution to the group's earnings growth during this period. We 
have navigated a range of challenges in the market and we have emerged 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
stronger each time. Our team has turned these challenges into opportunities, 
leveraging our experience and agility to drive sustainable growth. 
Now, we are set firmly on our path to raise our generation capacity from 18 
GW to 42 GW by 2032, with an even faster growth in earnings and cash flows. 
We are set to increase our market share in the thermal power sector 
significantly. We have won new long-term PPA bids for more than 9 GW out 
of the 14.5 GW of bids awarded by the state so far. In the recently concluded 
quarter, we have announced the award of 2,400 MW PPA in Bihar and 1,600 
MW in Madhya Pradesh. In addition to this, we have also won 570 MW long-
term PPA for 25 years recently from Karnataka, which would be supplied from 
our existing capacity at Raipur. There are another 17 GW of bids which are at 
various stages of submission currently. Proactive steps have been taken by 
States and the Central Government to meet the projected long-term 
requirement of power from all sources. We are highly confident that we will 
tie up our upcoming capacities under these emerging opportunities. These 
PPAs will be value accretive for the company. They will enable us to generate 
higher returns on investment along with steady cash flows. 
Our capacity expansion drive is progressing rapidly. There are four projects 
currently under construction, with a total capacity of 6,120 MW. They will be 
completed in stages between FY 2026-27 and FY 2028-29. We have fully de-
risked our project execution pipeline with 100% advance ordering for Boilers, 
Turbines and Generators. This is largely brownfield development and we have 
100% land availability. Similarly, most of the environmental clearances have 
also been granted or are in the advance stage of approval. 
Our in-house project management capabilities, coupled with our financial 
strength and proactive strategy, will enable us to stay well ahead of the 
competition, and deliver projects on time while maintaining a capital cost 
leadership. We have revived the operations of 600 MW Butibori plant of 
Vidarbha Industries Power Ltd., which was acquired in July 2025, within just 
two months. This plant had been shut down for almost 10 years. We have also 
signed a 500 MW PPA for this plant with Maharashtra DISCOMs for five years 
recently. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Now, let us talk about our performance during the second quarter of FY 2025-
26:  
We have registered more than 7% growth in power sale volumes in the quarter 
at 23.7 billion units, as compared to 22 billion units in Q2 FY25. The year 2025 
has seen an unprecedented early onset and much delayed retreat of monsoon 
in recent memory. This has affected overall power demand and peak demand 
adversely. Merchant power tariffs have also been subdued because of the 
prolonged rainy season. As a result, we have achieved PLF of 62.8% for Q2 
FY26 as compared to 66.9% of Q2 FY25. In the first half of FY26, we achieved 
PLF of 64.8% versus 72.3% in H1 FY25.  
Despite this, we were still able to post a growth in volumes with the help of 
our competitive PPAs, low-cost merchant plants, and increased generation 
capacity. However, long-term demand growth drivers are intact, as they are 
tied to India's strong economic growth. We expect our PLF to improve as the 
lingering impacts of weather abate and demand picks up. 
Adani Power posted total continuing revenue, excluding any one-time prior 
period items, of Rs. 13,639 Crores in Q2 FY26, which is a slight growth over 
Q2 FY25. Our EBITDA performance for Q2 FY26 is also quite stable, despite 
lower tariff realization due to our cost-efficient operations and remunerative 
PPAs. The continuing EBITDA of Rs. 5,333 crores for Q2 FY26 is close to the 
continuing EBITDA of Q2 FY25. Profit after tax for Q2 FY26 is also quite 
healthy at Rs. 2,906 crores and similar to the PAT for Q2 FY25, demonstrating 
our tight control on debt and finance costs despite the growing scale of 
operations and ongoing expansion. 
Looking forward, we expect our power demand growth to pick up again, 
resulting in improved offtake under long-term contracts, as well as greater 
traction in the short-term market. We intend to tie up more of the open capacity 
under the PPAs, similar to the recent 1 GW of awards. I look forward to the 
upcoming commissioning of new capacities from the next financial year 
onwards, which will lead to the next cycle of rapid earnings growth. Adani 
Power is excited to play a key role in meeting India's growing energy demand 
reliably and enhancing its energy security. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr Dilip, to elaborate further 
on the Q2 results. Thank you, and over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you, Khyalia sir and good afternoon, everyone. It is my privilege to 
present Adani Power's strong and resilient financial performance for the second 
quarter and first half of the financial year 2025-26. Despite unprecedented 
weather conditions and slower pace of power demand growth, Adani Power 
has delivered a remarkably strong and stable performance in this Quarter . The 
subdued power demand and weakness in the tariff acted as a constraint on 
revenue growth despite the higher power sales volume. 
Total continuing revenue for Q2 FY26 was Rs. 13,639 crores, slightly higher 
than the revenue of Rs. 13,465 crores of Quarter 2 last year, a testament to our 
resilient business model. Total one-time prior period income recognition for 
Q2 was Rs. 669 crores, mainly pertaining to old matters and late payment 
surcharge. For Q2 FY25, this item was broadly similar at Rs. 598 crores. For 
the first half of FY 26, total continuing revenue was Rs. 27,807 crores 
compared to Rs. 28,517 crores in H1 FY25. For H1 FY26, prior period revenue 
was Rs. 1,075 crore, again similar to the H1 FY25 figure of Rs. 1,020 crores. 
Now coming to the costs, Fuel Expenses in Q2 FY26 grew modestly by 2.4% 
to Rs. 7,205 crores from Rs. 7,032 crores in Quarter 2 last year due to higher 
volume and newly acquired plants. For H1 FY26, the fuel cost declined by 
2.8% to Rs. 14,514 crores from Rs. 14,930 crore in H1 of last year. Other 
expenses increased by 24% to Rs. 814 crores in Q2 FY26 from Rs. 655 crores 
in Quarter 2 of last year, primarily due to the full period operation of recently 
acquired plants and additional maintenance expenditure due to scheduled 
overhauls. 
Consequently, continuing EBITDA for Q2 FY26 stood at solid and stable Rs. 
5,333 crores, compared to Rs. 5,402 crores in Q2 last year. For the first half, 
continuing EBITDA was broadly similar at Rs. 11,076 crores compared to Rs. 
11,692 crores in H1 of last year. Depreciation charge has increased in line with 
the acquisition of power plants over the last one year. We have maintained 
control over finance costs even as we expanded our operations. As a result of 
the flattish EBITDA, continuing profit before tax for Q2 FY26 was Rs. 3,298 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
crores, again broadly similar to the Continuing PBT of Rs. 3,537 crores of 
Quarter 2 of last year. 
Continuing PBT for H1 FY26 was Rs. 7,096 crores as compared to Rs. 8,020 
crores for H1 of last year, in line with the continuing EBITDA and depreciation 
trend. There has been an increase in Deferred Tax, leading to a higher tax 
charge for Q2 and H1 FY26 as compared to the corresponding period of last 
year. Consequently, profit after tax for Q2 FY26 was slightly lower but very 
healthy at Rs. 2,906 crores compared to Rs. 3,298 crores in Q2 FY25. 
Similarly, for the first half, profit after tax was commendable at Rs. 6,212 
crores as compared to Rs. 7,210 crores in H1 of last year.  
Our total debt as of 30th September 2025 stands at Rs. 47,254 crores compared 
to Rs. 38,335 crores at the end of March 2025. The increase is mainly due to 
bridge financing for capital expenditure and working capital needs supporting 
our ambitious growth plans. Our net debt position remains steady and healthy 
at Rs. 36,776 crore. We are investing our strong and steady cash accruals into 
capacity expansion. We are following an efficient capital structure policy 
without a high reliance on debt. 
Thank you for your continued support. Let us now open the floor for questions 
and answers. Moderator, over to you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Manish Somaiya from Cantor 
Fitzgerald & Company. Please go ahead. 
Manish Somaiya: 
Thank you, gentlemen. Congratulations. A couple of questions. One, if you can 
just talk about the expectations on the merchant and PPA tariff realizations in 
the second half given softness in merchant pricing that we have seen so far? If 
you can just give us a big picture perspective on how we should think about 
the second half versus the first half? 
Dilip Jha: 
Good afternoon, Manish. As regards to PPA rates are concerned, there will not 
be any change in the PPA rates because the rates are long-term rates. And if 
the demand is less, it is only impacting the off-take. So, there is no different 
expectation as regards to rates of the PPAs are concerned. We have achieved 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
average realization of Rs. 5.70 per unit during this quarter and we expect the 
same rate will continue to be realized, because under the PPA rates are not 
getting much changed. As regards to merchant realization, we have achieved 
Rs. 5.37 per unit as the rate during Q2 FY26. For the balance period, we are 
expecting an average realization of around l Rs. 6 or so, which used to be the 
rate over the last few years. Thank you. 
Manish Somaiya: 
On the PPAs portion itself, I think right now it is at 88%. SBK, are there any 
plans to try to increase that so hence to avoid the volatility in pricing? And how 
do you think about that? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
As I explained in my speech, we have recently signed a medium term PPA with 
Maharashtra DISCOM for 5 years at the rate of Rs. 5.55 per unit, and we have 
now recently received one LOI from the state of Karnataka at Rs. 5.78 per unit. 
We have already tied up the amount what we said earlier around 1,100 MW. 
So, if I consider the overall portfolio, I think now it must be working out to be 
around 91%. We are taking the steps to tie up more and more capacity under 
long term or medium term PPAs, so that we can reduce the volatility impact. 
Thank you. 
Manish Somaiya: 
That is super helpful. I was trying to get to that 92%-93% and hopefully with 
more PPAs, it will be higher. So I appreciate that answer. The other question I 
have is on the CAPEX. Obviously, you have a significant pipeline, locked in 
pipeline. How should we think about CAPEX in 26 and beyond 26? And how 
should we also think about the funding mix between internal and external? 
Thank you. 
Dilip Jha: 
So far as our CAPEX program is concerned, we are generating a significant 
portion of cash flow from our operating assets. We will fund a significant 
portion from our internal accruals. Over the next 2-3 years, there will be an 
interim bridge requirement for the CAPEX, which we will take from market in 
the mix of short term and long term from the domestic capital market or 
domestic banks. So a significant portion will be funded from our internal 
accruals only. We will fund the interim gap from the market, and that is, a mix 
of  domestic capital market and domestic banks. 
Manish Somaiya: 
Super. Thank you so much for your help and congratulations again. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Thank you, Manish. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abhinav from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhinav Nalawade: 
Yes, Good Evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the 
Assam bid. Has the bid for 3.2 GW been floated, what is the status over there? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
The bids have been concluded and we are the L1 party there. The approval of 
the commission has also been received. So we hope that we should get a 
positive communication shortly. For the time being, whatever is in the public 
domain is that the commission has passed the order. 
Abhinav: 
Understood. Thank you. The second question is, can you share the revenue, 
EBITDA, PAT numbers for the two acquired plants, Coastal and Amarkantak 
in H1? 
Dilip Jha: 
Our revenue for Quarter 2, for Mahan was Rs. 1,049 crores; Tuticorin was Rs. 
677 crores; and Korba, Rs. 339 crores. If you talk about EBITDA, for 
Tuticorin, this quarter EBITDA was Rs. 54 crores, for Korba, it was Rs. 84 
crores and for Mahan, it was Rs. 521 crores. Let me repeat it once more. For 
Mahan, revenue for the quarter was Rs. 1,049 crores as against EBITDA, Rs. 
521 crores. For Tuticorin, revenue Rs. 677 crores and against EBITDA, Rs. 54 
crores. Korba, revenue Rs. 339 crores and EBITDA, Rs. 84 crores. Here I am 
talking about operating revenue from the plant. Thank you. 
Abhinav: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shirom Kapur with 
Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Thank you. So as I was saying, you mentioned about 17 GW of bids at various 
stages. Could you maybe break that up into which states are offering these bids 
and if you could just quantify that state-wise? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
The bids are in the public domain. Rajasthan is 3,200 MW, Uttarakhand, it is 
1,320 MW, Maharashtra, 1,600 MW, Uttar Pradesh, 4,000 MW and West 
Bengal, 2,260 MW. So, it is 12000 MW. Apart from that, there are bids which 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
are at an advanced stage of finalization. Karnataka, 1,600 MW, Gujarat, 4,000 
MW and Assam, 3,200 MW. So if we take the latest figures, the total is 
working out around 22,000 MW rather than 17,000 MW, because recently, 
Gujarat has floated a bid of 4,000 MW, which was not included in the earlier 
figures I quoted. So the approximate figure working out is 22,000 MW. Thank 
you. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Thank you. That is very helpful. I just want to clarify. So in your presentation, 
you mentioned that about 91% of your operational capacity is tied up under 
PPAs. And if we see in the later pages, about 8.5 GW of the upcoming capacity 
is also tied up. Is it a correct figure that totally out of your 42 GW target, about 
25 GW is tied up under PPAs currently? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
So, the new capacity which we have planned is 23.72 GW. And out of that 
23.72 GW, 8.52 GW is already tied up under the PPAs.. Over and above this 
3.2 GW Assam bid, we are the L1 bidder, and recently, we have also tied up 
around 1,100 MW from the existing capacities that is, as I said, 500 MW 
Maharashtra and 570 MW Karnataka. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Sure, sir. That is helpful. Just to clarify, from the operating capacity, which is 
18.15, how much of that in GW is currently tied up under PPA, including the 
1.1 that you have recently signed? If you could just give a GW number to that. 
Because there is 91% written on one of your pages and 88% on the other. I just 
want to get a clarification on that? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Broadly, the figure is around 16,300 MW. Because sometimes the agreement 
is at the busbar, sometimes it is at the state periphery. So there are some minor 
changes here and there. But broadly, it is 16,300 MW out of 18,150 MW. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Great. Got it. So thank you so much. And just, last question. So, you had a 
target of, you obviously recently upped your target to 42 GW by FY32 from 
30 GW earlier by FY30. So just want to understand in terms of planning, are 
we still on track for 30 GW by FY30, which will then ramp up to 42 GW by 
FY32? Just want to get a clarification on that. And of that 30 GW of your 
original plan that was there by FY30, how much of that portion is PPA tied up 
and excluding what is going to come after FY30? Just want to get a sense on 
that? 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
S. B. Khyalia: 
When we are saying 30 GW that means it is an addition of 12 GW. We are 
talking addition of 12 GW and then another addition of 12 GW. So roughly 
23.5 GW in total. The first 12 GW is very much on track. We are going to 
commission around 3 GW in next year. Thereafter, we are going to commission 
2.4 GW. In next to that year, 3.2 GW. And FY29-30, 7.2 GW. So we are going 
to commission more than the capacity of 12 GW, which was planned earlier. 
In fact, from the second stage of 12 GW also to some extent, the capacity will 
get commissioned before FY29-30. So there is no issue as as far as 
commissioning of first 12 GW is concerned. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Got it, sir. 
S. B. Khyalia: 
These PPAs, which we have already signed, are part of this up to FY29-30. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Understood. And sir, if I could just squeeze in one last question. You have 
already ordered out your entire 100% equipment for the upcoming 23.7 GW 
capacities. Just want to understand, would you like to share how much of this 
has gone to BHEL and how much to L&T? A rough split would be helpful? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
I can give the broader number, not exactly. We have given 8 machines of 800 
MW to L&T and balance to BHEL. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. This is very helpful. All the best. 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aniket Mittal from SBI 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Couple of questions on Godda. So first is, 
we have I think got the approval to connect Godda Power Plant to the Indian 
grid. Just wanted to understand by when can we get it connected to the Indian 
grid? What is the process going forward and also corollary to that, if once we 
do get connected, would we be allowed to sell power from Godda to the Indian 
market despite being PPA with Bangladesh? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
We are expecting that it will get connected by December 2025. As regards your 
second question, it is allowed under certain conditions that are already 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
mentioned under the regulations, about when you can sell the power. The 
conditions are, either there is persistent no scheduling from Bangladesh 
because their not having demand, or if there is a payment default under the 
PPA. So in these two conditions, we will be allowed to sell the power in the 
Indian grid. These are the precisely two conditions in which we would also like 
to sell. Otherwise, why should we be interested to selling in the Indian grid? 
So it is basically going to address the issue, if because of any reason, power is 
not being scheduled or because we are not getting the payment, both the 
conditions will get addressed. Thank you. 
Aniket Mittal: 
I got that and that is helpful. On Godda again, if you could tell me what was 
the PLF for the 2nd Quarter and at the end of 2Q, what is the total receivables 
now for Godda? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
PLF was 72% at the end of Quarter 2, which was 73% last year. So the PLF is 
more or less same. PLF of Godda is much better than the Indian grid, because 
in the Indian grid, the PLF of most of the thermal power projects is between 
60%-65%. As regards outstanding payment is concerned, it is an outstanding 
of only around 1-1/2 months. In any case, one month is not due. So out of the 
overdue, it is only half months overdue. Thank you. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Understood. Just on the bids part, two bids that I remember were in fairly 
advanced stages was the Rajasthan and the Uttarakhand. If you could just 
provide your estimate or timelines on where the bids are for these two states? 
When do we expect finalization to happen? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
I don't think we can estimate anything on behalf of states. We can only give 
what is the present case. In case of Rajasthan, I think the bid submission date 
is in the next month, and in case of Uttarakhand, the documents are under 
approval of the regulator. So, that is the present status. Thank you. 
Aniket Mittal: 
I know that. Just one last question. You mentioned earlier in your comments 
that the merchant tariff this quarter was about 5.37. Just to get a comparison, 
what was the same for the same quarter last year? 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Last year, our average realization for same quarter was Rs. 5.88 and this year, 
it was Rs. 5.37. So realization has been roughly 50 paisa lower in this quarter. 
This is approximately 10% of the tariff. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Yes, got that. Thank you. Those were the questions I had. 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vipul Aggarwal, an 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Vipul Aggarwal: 
Good afternoon, sir. Again, congratulations for stellar performance in Q2 and 
H1. I just wanted to ask two questions from my side. What is the total estimated 
CAPEX for the 23 GW expansion that we are planning now? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
It is approximately Rs. 2 lakhs crore. 
Vipul Aggarwal: 
Right, sir. And you already answered the gearing question. Second is, out of 
the additional 23 GW capacity, with regards to fuel linkages, are we providing 
fuel linkages along with the PPA or we will be applying for the fuel linkages? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
No, we have already stated that we will be tying up capacities through the 
PPAs. Nowadays each bid is coming with attached fuel linkage given to the 
state utilities. So for all this capacity, fuel linkage availability will be provided 
by the utility under the bid. 
Vipul Aggarwal: 
And third question would be, sir, these are the new PPAs that we would be 
signing, will be capacity charge for the fuel charge will be passed through. It 
is not like a single levelized tariff because of which we had issues with Mundra, 
etc., earlier? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
No, under the new standard bidding documents, you have to quote tariffs for 
only the first year. You are not allowed to quote any fixed number for 25 years. 
So therefore, we only quote the first year number and in case of fuel, it is 
completely passed through based on a formula which includes the station's heat 
rate, etc., which are the operating parameters. In case of the capacity charge, 
there are slight variations in different states’ PPAs. So in some of the states, 
the capacity charge will go up by 30% of WPI and a 2% reduction every year, 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
whereas in a few states, it is up by 30% of WPI and a 1% reduction. So more 
or less, the capacity charge will remain flat and fuel charge is passed through. 
Vipul Aggarwal: 
Last question, sir, there was a news report dated 11th September where the 
management had given a guidance of reaching Rs. 70,000 crores EBITDA in 
6 years. So this is accounting for the entire 42 GW capacity or this is just for 
the 30 GW? 
Nishit Dave: 
Yes. Mr. Aggarwal, actually, this was a media report. The management has not 
given any such guidance. So it was the media's own analysis on the basis of 
which it was given, but I think, we hope to actually achieve a better EBITDA 
than what they had projected. 
Vipul Aggarwal: 
Thank you, sir. That will be it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next follow-up question comes from the line of Manish 
Somaiya with Cantor Fitzgerald & Company. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Somaiya: 
Thank you again for getting me back on, SBK. I think you mentioned that you 
have pre-ordered critical components for the expansion pipeline. Can you give 
us a sense of pricing on the equipment vis-a-vis what you have paid before I 
assume it is going to be higher, but just trying to understand if it changes the 
return dynamics because of the inflationary nature of what is transpired on 
equipment costs, so maybe if you can just help us with that? Thank you. 
S. B. Khyalia: 
I think it will not be appropriate to discuss the pricing of the equipment on a 
public platform. I would not be in a position to give exactly pricing of the 
equipment because that would not be appropriate. This is confidential 
information and in the competitive market, it is not appropriate to disclose 
these numbers. Thank you. 
Manish Somaiya: 
So let me ask you a different question. In terms of the delivery of the 
equipment, I assume that is going to be meeting your timelines based on the 
conversations you have had with your partners. That is something that we can 
feel comfortable with, right? 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Yes, the deliveries which we have agreed are ranging from 38 months to 75 
months in total. These are staggered deliveries and we are confident that we 
will get the deliveries as per this time schedule because as we mentioned, four 
projects are under construction and all the four projects are ahead of the time 
in terms of delivery as well as execution. We are very confident that we will 
get the deliveries as per the agreed time schedule and therefore, there is no 
likelihood of any cost overrun. 
Manish Somaiya: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nirav Shah from GeeCee 
Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Shah: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Most questions are 
answered. Just last one question. Sir, we have commissioned the Dhirauli mine 
and there was an incentive of waiver of the cess, but now in this, the cess has 
been already completely waived. So now in what form will we be incentivized 
on the mining? 
Dilip Jha: 
The Dhirauli mine is actually very close to the plant at Mahan, where we 
already have one operating unit. Two more phases are coming over there. So 
compensation cess is one aspect. Apart from that, there will be huge logistics 
advantages in terms of Dhirauli mine. For Dhirauli mine, we are expecting that 
by end of this year only, the box cutting will be done by end of the year, and 
from next year, we will have coal production from the mine. 
Nirav Shah: 
So the incentive of, if we consume the coal within the state, the Rs. 400 
incentive that was there, now it will no longer be there? Is that fair to say? 
Dilip Jha: 
There is no incentive so far as compensation cess is concerned. Compensation 
cess is driven by the GST Act, not by any other state incentive. 
S. B. Khyalia: 
It was a comparative incentive, not in real terms an incentive and as per the 
new structure, there is no negative impact. 
Nirav Shah: 
But no positive, that is why it is neutral? 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
S. B. Khyalia: 
In most of the domestic market, the impact is positive, but since positive or 
negative, the change in law is to be passed on to the customer as change in law, 
so to the company, it is hardly anything. 
Nirav Shah: 
Got it. Great. That is from my side and all the best. 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nikhil Nigania with 
Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I just had a couple of questions. Number 
one, it is interesting to see so many tenders coming for thermal, even from 
renewable states like Gujarat, who are also doing a lot of battery tenders and 
battery prices are going low. So wanted management's view on what do you 
think is driving it? I mean, we understand the need for baseload power. But it 
is still surprising given states like Gujarat, as you said, have also started 
reaching out for thermal PPAs. So appreciate your view on that? Given how 
cheap batteries have become and renewable as well together with batteries. So 
I was finding it surprising that so many more thermal tenders are coming, even 
from renewable rich states like Gujarat, which you mentioned, is also looking 
to do a thermal PPA. So wanted your view on what is driving this strong 
demand for thermal contracting of late? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
I think you yourself have commented that it is for the baseload. The tenders for 
battery back up, whatever has come so far, are of, for the token quantum. It is 
not really going to meet the baseload requirement. Even the Government of 
India's projection of installing batteries up to 2030 is a fraction of the total 
demand. It is expected that thermal power will only be supplying the baseload 
power. Therefore, every state is coming out with a tender for the thermal 
projects supply. If you will see the resource adequacy report of the Government 
of India, they have provided all these resources, whether it is solar, whether it 
is wind, whether it is battery, and thereafter have worked out the requirement 
of thermal installation. So the tenders which the states are coming out with, 
they have already considered the possibility of installation of battery and the 
tenders are coming after considering the battery planned under these studies. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Got it. Understood, sir. A related question on that, most of these tenders, are 
you seeing a need to set up the thermal plant within the state or are they fine 
being it somewhere else and you get the coal resource allocated to the state? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Every state is taking its own call because there are many negatives and 
positives having the power station in the state or at the mine pithead. If you 
install a power station at Pithead, you save on the transportation cost, but then 
you pay the transmission charges and losses. Apart from that, states are also 
evaluating if you put up the power plant in the state, you get a huge amount of 
GST, not only on capital expenditure, but also during the operations because 
GST is the consumption-based tax. So in whichever state the ultimate product 
is consumed, like in case of operations, the coal is consumed in the state if the 
project is installed in the state, so there is a huge benefit of GST revenue on 
the CAPEX as well as OPEX. There is a huge possibility of the employment 
generation as well as the installation of ancillary industries in and around a 
thermal power project. So these are the benefits. On the negative side, if you 
put up a power plant in the coal-bearing states, every state is asking for some 
power at variable cost. In case of Chhattisgarh, it is 5%, in case of Odisha, it is 
12%. So if you supply 5% or 12% power at variable cost, that means the 
capacity charge of that quantum has to be loaded on the rest of the power. So 
these are pluses and minuses of putting the power plant at the Pithead or within 
the state. So every state is taking their own calculated decision. Thank you. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Understood. I appreciate the color. The last question I had is related to the point 
you brought up. So now GST has increased but cess has gone away from coal. 
So net-net, for most plants, you should see a reduction in fuel cost. Has the 
discussion started from states to reflect that as change in law in the tariffs or 
not at present? 
S. B. Khyalia: 
It is a different position from state to state. Some of the states have issued the 
change in law notice and some may be issuing it in due course because it has 
happened last month only. In any case, because it has happened from the date 
of notification, in any case, it has to be passed on. It is only a process part 
where they have to issue the notice of change in law and then they have to file 
a petition before the regulatory commissions where they have to get it 

 
Adani Power Limited 
October 30, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
determined. CERC, as you may be aware, has already initiated a suo motu 
petition to pass an order in this regard. 
Nikhil Nigania: 
Perfect. Thank you so much. Those were my questions. Thanks for answering. 
S. B. Khyalia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Dilip Jha: 
Thank you very much for the time and patience to listen us. And we hope same 
level of interaction in subsequent quarters. Thank you very much. Have a great 
night. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
