                                                                                       
 
Registered Office:  
 
  
26-27, Mumbai-Pune Road, Pimpri, Pune – 411018. Tel: 020 27506200.  
Visit us at: www.finolex.com | Email: sales@finolex.com | CIN: L31300MH1967PL016531 
 
 
FCL:SEC:SE:25:103 
 
 
 
 
 
                                             18th November, 2025 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
`Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500144 
Scrip Code: FINCABLES 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analysts/Investors Meet held on 14th November 2025 at 4.00 PM. 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 read with Clause 15(a) of PART A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the above referred Regulation, please find attached the Transcript of the Analyst/Investor Meet 
held on 14th August, 2025 at 4.00 pm (IST) to discuss financial results of the Company for the quarter ended 
on 30th September, 2025. 
 
The 
transcript 
of 
recording 
can 
also 
be 
accessed 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.finolex.com/View/Page/Analyst-meeting-transcript.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For FINOLEX CABLES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Gayatri Kulkarni  
Assistant Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Gayatri 
Bhagyesh 
Kulkarni
Digitally signed by 
Gayatri Bhagyesh 
Kulkarni 
Date: 2025.11.18 
11:49:42 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Finolex Cables Limited Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHESH VISWANATHAN – DEPUTY CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
FINOLEX CABLES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK PATIL – DENTSU CREATIVE PR, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
Finolex Cables Limited  
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Finolex Cables Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal for an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone 
phone. 
Please 
note 
that 
this 
conference 
is 
being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Patil from Dentsu Creative PR - Investor Relations 
Team. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pratik Patil: 
Thank you, Mark. Good evening and thank you all for joining us on Finolex Cables Limited Q2 
and H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today we have with us Mr. Mahesh Viswanathan – Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial Officer from Finolex Cables Limited.  
We will begin the call with the opening remarks from the Management, after which we will have 
the forum open for the interactive Q&A session.  
I must remind you that the discussion in today's earnings call may include certain forward-
looking statements and must be viewed, therefore, in conjunction with the risk that the company 
faces. Please restrict your questions to the quarter’s performance and to strategic questions only. 
I would now request Mr. Viswanathan for the opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Pratik and welcome to all the participants in today's conference. Very quick updates 
from my side. On the revenue side, we had a modest growth of about 5% for the quarter, and for 
the half-year, it was about 9%. 
EBITDA levels for the quarter were pretty decent. Quarter was up by about 26%, and half-year 
up by about 19%. And PAT levels, for the quarter, we were above corresponding quarter by 
about 35%, and for the half-year, by about 21%.  
If I get into the product segments, wires and cables, the quarter revenues were up by about 8%, 
and for the half-year, we were up by about 12%. I know that this is modest in comparison with 
many of our peers, but we do have certain business lines which were facing certain headwinds. 
Agriculture, for instance, we had a very prolonged monsoon, and the applications around 
agriculture, the volumes were depressed. Building wire, in reaction to a kind of moderation in 
the real estate sector, the growth was more or less flat.  

 
Finolex Cables Limited  
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
Where we did grow was on the industrial cables and solar applications. Auto is geared for growth 
in the future. Cables, we had a very good quarter, we grew volume by close to 60% in the quarter.  
Commodity volatility continued during the quarter. We had to take one pricing action that was 
later in the quarter, towards the end of September. In the initial two months, there was a dip in 
the commodity prices, and then it suddenly surged towards the second half of August. From the 
second half of August, it has been climbing, and we took pricing action in September. 
On the communication cable side, most product lines, the volumes were muted. BharatNet, I am 
sure you will have questions. We still do not have any meaningful contribution yet from the 
BharatNet business.  
Fiber prices, again, were low, continued the trend from the previous quarter in this quarter as 
well that depressed the cable revenues. We understand that there is a sign of the fiber prices 
hardening. We are yet to see it, but we are waiting and watching it.  
On the metal-based communication cables, like I said earlier, the volumes were muted, but that 
is more to do with contract negotiations. We have yearly contracts with the customers. Some of 
those contracts, we had to get into protracted negotiation, and we are recently closing with some 
of them.  I think that catch-up will happen in the coming quarters.  
Balance sheet, as always, has been strong. Working capital is reasonably well managed, slightly 
over a month of working capital is what we carry, I think there we are ahead of most of our peers 
in that sense.  
On the CAPEX, we spent approximately INR 75 crores in the quarter, INR 100 crores for the 
half-year. Two of the major areas where the money was spent, two of the major programs was 
one on the preform plant which is ready. It is awaiting production trials which should start in the 
next couple of weeks.  
And the fiber draw plant, the building is nearing completion, and the machines are expected any 
time so, once that is done, we hope to complete this by March end. Both the major spends that 
we had announced one year ago would then be completed by March '26.  
With this, I open up the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and- answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Vidit Trivedi from Asian Market Securities. Please go ahead, sir. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
My first question is with respect to the top line. If we look at our peers, they are growing in the 
double digits, but if we look at our top line growth, it is quite muted. Where are we lacking on 
this? Any color on that? 

 
Finolex Cables Limited  
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
In my opening remarks, if you remember, I said the growth was very modest this quarter. I also 
understand that some of our peers have done much better than us. The difference is in two major 
areas.  
 
We are a rather small player on the cable side. Although we had a fairly good growth in the cable 
volumes in this quarter, our base there is relatively small. In a total market size of about INR 
25,000 crores, we do approximately INR 200 crores - INR 250 crores. Whereas some of our 
peers are fairly big on that, and their focus is on that so, that is one big differentiator.  
 
The second, like I mentioned, the prolonged monsoon also hit us on the agricultural applications. 
That application accounts for approximately 10% to 12% of our revenue, and that was really 
muted there. Good monsoons, good for the country, but not really good for us in that sense. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
My second question is on the competition side. UltraTech in their recent con call have mentioned 
that they will be starting production in Q3. I mean, according to them, they must have started by 
now and by January next year, they are anticipated to get into the market. How are we planning 
for this? How are we planning for the competition from a new player? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Two major business houses have announced their intention to enter. One of them has been very 
specific about what their plans are while the other one has not yet spelled out their plans. But I 
think we have a brand. The brand is well entrenched across the country. At the retail end, I think 
we will remain a relevant player, and actions that are necessary, we will take to protect our turf, 
that is something that we will do. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
And sir, what is the price hike during the quarter? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
September, we took a 3% - 3.5% correction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, net working capital days increased to 33 days in H1 FY '26 compared to 22 days in H1. And 
what could be the reasons for increase in net working capital days? Is this a new normal driven 
with a project business mix? Or when can we expect to be back to 2025 kind of levels? And 
what specific initiatives are in place to manage receivables from discounts and other utility 
clients? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Net working capital this quarter was slightly higher than the previous quarter. That is true. 33 
days against the earlier numbers. But if you look at it, the major change was on the payable side, 
I think, the payables had come down drastically so that is a cyclical thing. It should correct itself 
once those payments are out. 

 
Finolex Cables Limited  
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
On the receivable side, we are at, I think, 15 days. Inventory was slightly higher at 65 days, but 
that was also a planned exercise in the sense there were certain disruptions, close to some of our 
sites, and therefore we needed to carry additional inventories at that point in time. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
You had a second part of your question, what is that? Can you repeat that, please? 
Balasubramanian: 
What specific initiatives are in place to manage receivables from discounts and other utility 
clients? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
When you are saying receivables from discounts, meaning going deep discounting on the sales. 
Is that what you mean? 
Balasubramanian: 
Yes. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Look, when it comes to large projects or big-time customers, big builders, there will be a price 
differential between what you sell it at the retail level and what you sell it on the project side so, 
yes, one will have to moderate those. One will have to make sure that it still makes sense to the 
company in terms of while getting top line, you should not lose your bottom line as well. To that 
extent, I think we are careful, but it has to be a price which the market will bear so, we will have 
to be competitive at that stage. I think the process that we follow is bag the orders, but not orders 
at any cost. 
Balasubramanian: 
On the communication cable side, I think EBITDA has declined nearly 51% year-on-year. And 
with the new preform facilities, I think it is expected to reduce cost, and what kind of 
improvement we can expect in those areas? And given the dependence on lumpy government 
orders like BharatNet kind of orders, what are the tangible order pipeline for Phase 3? What 
portion of your capacity is already underpinned by some customer commitments? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
About BharatNet, like I mentioned, we still do not have anything meaningful from the BharatNet 
set of tenders that were floated last year. There were 16 tenders which were floated, out of which 
12 have been ordered to the suppliers and 4  are going in for retender. While we participated in 
the tenders, we were not successful in any of the tenders. I think the retender is expected to come 
in September. Out of those 12 have been where orders have been placed ,we are now following 
up with people who won the tenders and who do not have the cabling capacity or the fiber 
capacity but those are discussions which are ongoing.  
 
On the non-BSNL side, the state tenders are yet to be floated. There are about seven states which 
are coming out. I think only Gujarat had floated tenders. The other states have not yet done so, 
those are all expected in the next two to four months. We are hopeful that we will gain some 
positions in those.  

 
Finolex Cables Limited  
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Coming to the private side, we are one of the largest suppliers to Bharti, and we have an ongoing 
yearly contract with them. We also supply to the other telecom service providers, be it Reliance 
or be it Vodafone. Currently, factory booking is probably around 60% of the capacity. 
Balasubramanian: 
Ad and promotion spend increased to INR 20 crore in this quarter. I think at last quarter, it is 
around INR 11 crore. Whether the spend is for supporting new FMEG launches or defending 
brand premium wires, so where we spend majorly? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
If you look at the ads, it will be all brand promotion for sure and we do command premium over 
many brands in the market. I think it is on both counts. We are conscious of the fact that you 
will need visual impact. You will need to message the customers, not just the immediate 
customers like the builders or the contractors, but also eventual end users like you and I because 
if I, as an investor in a home, am concerned about safety, and that is the factor that we are 
focusing on, that our wires are safe, it gives a long life, you can use it, and then you can forget 
it for the next 40-50 years so, that is the messaging that we are giving. It is definitely useful, but 
do I have a direct correlation between the spend and its immediate impact on the numbers? No. 
It is, in a sense, an investment. 
Balasubramanian: 
My last question on that FMEG business side, I think we have been missing internal targets for 
since long. What is the strategic review underway, and what are the new product launches 
planned next two or three quarters? And how do you look at in this business next two to three 
years’ time frame? I think the industry itself, some of the products are facing headwinds. If you 
could share which are the products are picking up, which are the products are slowing down? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
We are broadly in fans, water heaters, lighting, switches and domestic switchgear. Each one has 
its own characteristics. Fans this quarter had faced headwinds. The monsoon was fairly long, 
and I think numbers were low for most of the competition there as well, lower compared to their 
previous second quarter so, we were no exception. New models are under design and should be 
coming out.  
 
In lighting, the issue has been more on price erosion across the market, that has been something 
consistently happening over the last few years with the drop in prices of LEDs. I think it is now 
nearing or rather bottomed out so, I think we should see more stable numbers going forward 
with the volumes and with the volumes increasing, that should show up reasonably well.  
 
Switches and switchgears, there are multiple models on development. Next quarter, there should 
be newer variants coming in from our side. Broadly, we are committed to this segment and we 
made a statement somewhere saying that we would reach a number of INR 500 crores by 2028 
or so and I think that target is still within reach. 

 
Finolex Cables Limited  
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Shah from Sameeksha Capital. Mr. Vishal, please 
go ahead. 
Vishal Shah: 
What demand trends are we seeing post Q2 from the Housing, industrial and infrastructure 
segment side for the electrical cables? First question. And second, sir, guidance for the FY26 
and FY27. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
We have never given out any guidance, whether it is for the quarter or for full year or for future 
years. I think it is a little future-looking, and we prefer not to do that. Your other question was 
on the demand from infra and which other sector, you said? 
Vishal Shah: 
Housing, industrial and infra. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Housing, industrial and infra. Okay. Housing, I think we have seen some moderation in real 
estate over the last quarter or slightly longer than a quarter. New launches in this quarter have 
also been down and what I am reading in reports also says that the offtake on the affordable 
housing seems to have dropped down a little bit. I don’t know whether how and when it will 
pick up. I think people were waiting to see clarifications around GST and so on. There is an 
implicit need for housing, that is for sure. The pickup is something that I am yet to see. It is 
probably a quarter, two quarters away.  
 
On the infra and more on the cable side, we do see a lot of demand. While we have not been 
very positive on the cable side because of the fact that it is all tender-driven businesses where 
one needs to be L1 to gain the business, we do see quite substantial volumes happening there so, 
we will be choosy in terms of which one we pick to participate in and to what extent we 
participate there, it is an opportunity, so we are looking at it with all eyes open.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yashi Shah from Shatrunjaya Investments Managers LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Yashi Shah: 
Firstly, thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to know any type of development in the product 
lines if you are having currently. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
In which product lines are you talking about? 
Yashi Shah: 
For the switches and switchgear and other cables also. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Well, switches and switchgears, multiple variants are under development right now. These 
products require not just testing at our end, but also certifications, especially the switchgears 
require certifications from the regulatory authorities, any product development takes about six 
to eight months to be released onto the market. Like I said earlier, in the next coming quarters, 
there will definitely be some releases from our side.  

 
Finolex Cables Limited  
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
On the fans and water heater segments, we are working on different designs and additional 
features, those should also come into the market maybe in the next six months or so.  
 
On cables, we have variants around fire retardant cables, fire retardant plus low smoke cables, 
and the halogen-free fire retardant cables as well. People call it by different names. Some call 
them the last one, some call them green, but basically, it is halogen-free cables. 
 
We have also recently introduced last year cables which are cured by E-beam, which prolong 
the life to 40-50 years so, where you are looking at high rises with a building life of 100 years, 
these are very suitable for those kinds of applications. Variants in terms of packing, variants in 
terms of sizes, those are also being released.  
 
On the special products like optic fiber and so on, designs will change depending on the 
customer's need. We have several designs which are constantly being used. Currently, we are 
working on designs meant for, besides telecom, other users as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshika Khemka from AV Fincorp. Please go ahead. 
Darshika Khemka: 
I had two questions. Firstly, what is the status of the current case that is going on? Is there any 
progress, or is it still sub judice? When do we expect a settlement if there are chances of any?  
 
The second question is that what is the kind of guidance that we are giving for the electrical 
cables, communication cables, and the FMEG segment for the next few years until '27, '28? And 
in the light of the current market scenario, also, a guidance for the current year would be 
extremely helpful, both on the revenue and the margins. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
On the case, as you are aware, it is between two shareholders. At the company level, I have 
really nothing to say or talk about so, you will have to excuse me on that and on the guidance, 
like I mentioned, we do not give guidance in terms of either the quarter or the full year or any 
future period. That is how we handle this. 
Darshika Khemka: 
All right. You had in the last con call mentioned that we have the capability of doing INR 6,500 
crores in revenues from the electrical cable segment at a peak level. By when do we aim to 
achieve that? What is the similar number for the communication cable segment? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Well, the capacity, I mean, at certain price levels, that INR 6,500 crores number was what we 
could achieve basis the capacity that we had at that time, that would have changed now because 
in the meantime, we have added multiple machines at multiple places, that number would have 
changed by now. All I can say at this point in time is my utilization is approximately just slightly 
under 70%. That is for the electrical cables.  

 
Finolex Cables Limited  
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
For the communication cables, again, it depends on the configuration of the designs that the 
customer wants. If it is a low fiber count product, then the revenue per kilometer would be much 
lower. Whereas if it is a large fiber count product, then the revenue per kilometer would be much, 
much higher. It is kind of difficult to put a rupee value on that. 
Darshika Khemka: 
And with a preform facility expected to start soon, what kind of margins can we expect? What 
margin accretion can we expect in the communication cable segment? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Look, if I am importing from Japan, , then the duty is zero, whereas if I am importing from the 
U.S. or any other place, there is a 5% duty, so, that would be straight away saved. Beyond that, 
it will also depend finally on the realized efficiency at the plant, we are still awaiting production 
trials. It would be too quick to give a number out on that, but it should be margin accretive.  
 
Currently, because of utilizations and low fiber prices, our communication segment margins are 
in the lower single digits. Like I mentioned earlier on, I think once the preform plant and the 
additional fiber draw stabilizes, it is not going to be from day one, but once it stabilizes, it can 
go back to the traditional margin levels that we used to have. I think that used to be around 8% 
to 10% levels, depending again on the designs. 
Darshika Khemka: 
And sir, my last question is that we are considering in-house manufacturing for the FMEG 
segment. Do we still have that on the card? 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Absolutely, it is still on the cards. We need to hit the volumes first. 
Darshika Khemka: 
So, not anytime soon, I would say. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Not this year, for sure. 
Darshika Khemka: 
That's it from me.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh for 
the closing comments. 
Mahesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you for participating in this conference. I hope you found the information useful.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of Finolex Cables Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect the lines. 
                                                This document is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. While every effort has been 
made to ensure a high degree of accuracy, the Company or sender assumes no responsibility for 
any such errors. 
