 
 
 
 
 
 
Corp. Off.: Galaxy, Floors: 22-24, Plot No.1, Survey No.83/1, Hyderabad Knowledge City, Raidurg Panmaktha, Ranga Reddy District, Hyderabad – 500 032, Telangana, India.  
Tel : +91 40 6672 5000 / 6672 1200 Fax: +91 40 6707 4044. 
 
Regd. off.: Plot No. 2, Maithrivihar, Ameerpet, Hyderabad - 500 038 Telangana, India Tel: +91 40 2373 6370/ 2374 7340 Fax: +91 40 2374 1080 / 2374 6833 
Email: info@aurobindo.com     Website: www.aurobindo.com  
November 11, 2025 
 
To 
Listing Department, 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI -400 051 
 
Company Code No. AUROPHARMA 
To 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE LIMITED 
Phiroz  Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI -400 001 
 
Company Code No. 524804 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q2 FY26 earnings call.  
 
Please refer to our letter dated October 28, 2025, wherein we intimated the schedule of Investors/ Analysts 
call on November 6, 2025. We are attaching herewith the Transcript of the said analyst / investor call on the 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 
and the same is being uploaded on the website of the Company and is available in the following web link.  
 
https://www.aurobindo.com/investors/disclosures-under-regulation-46/investor-meet/conference-call-
transcripts/  
 
Please take the information on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For AUROBINDO PHARMA LIMITED 
 
 
 
B. Adi Reddy  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Digitally signed by BADDIGAM ADI REDDY 
Date: 2025.11.11 16:39:25 +05'30'

 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
06th November 2025 
 
 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati – CEO, Aurobindo Biosimilars, Vaccines and Peptide 
Businesses & Director of Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
 
Mr. Yugandhar Puvvala – CEO, Eugia Pharma Specialties Limited 
 
Mr. Swami Iyer - CEO, Aurobindo Pharma, USA 
 
Mr. V. Muralidharan – CEO, Europe Formulations Business 
 
Mr. S. Subramanian - CFO, Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
 
Mr. Varun Mali - Investor Relations & Corporate Communications, Aurobindo 
Pharma Limited 
 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
2 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aurobindo Pharma's Earning 
Conference Call for the second quarter of FY26. Please note all participants' lines will be in 
‘listen-only’ mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
management's opening remarks. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please raise your hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on the screen. 
 
Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand over to Mr. Varun Mali for the 
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Varun Mali: Thank you, Vandit. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our 
second quarter FY26 Earnings Call. I am Varun Mali from the Investor Relations and 
Corporate Communications team. We hope you have received the Q2 FY26 financials and 
the press release that was sent out yesterday. These are also available on our website.  
 
I would now like to introduce our senior management team on the call with us today 
represented by -  
 
• Dr. Satakarni Makkapati, CEO - Aurobindo Biosimilars, Vaccines& Peptides 
Businesses and Director - Aurobindo Pharma Limited. 
• Mr. Yugandhar Puvvala, CEO, Eugia Pharma Specialities Limited. 
• Mr. Swami Iyer, CEO, Aurobindo Pharma, USA. 
• Mr. V. Muralidharan, CEO, Europe Formulation Business. 
• Mr. S. Subramanian, CFO, Aurobindo Pharma Limited. 
 
We will begin the call with the summary highlights from the management followed by an 
interactive Q&A session. Please note that some of the matters we will discuss today are 
forward-looking, including and without limitations, statements relating to the 
implementation of strategic actions and other affirmations on a future business, business 
development and commercial performance. While these forward-looking statements 
exemplify our judgment and future expectations concerning the development of our 
business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors may cause actual 
developments and results to vary materially from our expectations. Aurobindo Pharma 
undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect in 
future events or circumstances. 
 
With that, I will now hand over the call to our CFO for the business highlights. Over to you, 
Sir. 
 
S. Subramanian: Good morning, everyone. A very warm welcome to Aurobindo Pharma Q2 
FY26 Earnings Call. Thank you for taking the time to join us today to discuss the company's 
financial and operational performance of the second quarter of the current fiscal year. 
 
Let me begin with a brief summary of our performance. 
 
• Our consolidated revenues grew by 6% year-on-year to ₹8,286 crores, reflecting 
sustained business momentum through the first half of FY26. The growth was driven 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
3 
 
by strong U.S. formulation base business and continued momentum in our European 
and growth market operations. 
 
• EBITDA for the quarter stood at ₹1,678 crores with a margin of 20.3%, 
demonstrating a 7% year-on-year growth. The performance underscores our 
operating leverage, cost efficiency and disciplined execution. 
 
Business Highlights: Let me now walk through the key business highlights for the quarter.  
 
The overall Formulation business reported a year-on-year growth of 10%, with revenues 
reaching ₹7,325 crores, contributing approximately 88% of the total consolidated revenues. 
This growth was led by strong performance in the U.S., Europe and key growth markets. The 
API business contributed to 12% of the overall revenues, amounting to ₹961 crores, 
reflecting the ongoing market dynamics in the current pricing environment. 
 
U.S. Formulation: U.S. revenues stood at $417 million. Excluding gRevlimid, the U.S. Oral 
Solid delivered a healthy 6% quarter-on-quarter growth, underscoring the strength and 
resilience of our diversified portfolio. This quarter also saw continued demand from our 
base business supported by increased volumes and new product launches. Our U.S. 
Injectable sales also grew by 6% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
During the quarter, we launched 6 new products, 13 ANDAs and received 7 final approvals 
demonstrating robust pipeline execution and continued regulatory progress. 
 
European business: The European business maintained a strong growth trajectory, 
delivering 18% year-on-year revenue growth amounting to ₹2,480 crores, in Euro terms 
amounting to €243 million this quarter. 
 
With consistent performance across all major markets, we are firmly on track to 
comfortably support the 1 billion annual revenue milestone from Europe by the end of 
FY26. 
 
Growth Markets: Revenue from the growth markets increased by 9% year-on-year to ₹882 
crores or 101 million driven by strong volume growth and resilient commercial footprint. 
 
ARV Formulation: ARV revenue grew by 69% year-on-year, reaching ₹325 crores or 37 
million. This was primarily fuel by higher volumes and new tender wins across multiple 
geographies and we expect to sustain this momentum over the medium to long term. 
 
Operational and Financial Highlights: Gross margins for the quarter stood at 59.7% 
compared to 58.8% last quarter, supported by raw material prices and the business mix. 
Gross contributions stood at ₹4,947. Excluding gRevlimid, on a quarter-on-quarter our Sales 
have increased approximately by 7%, Gross Profit by 10%, and EBITDA by 14% respectively. 
R&D expenditure was ₹414 crores, representing 5% of the total revenue, thereby 
reaffirming our continued focus on innovation and advancing a robust pipeline of complex 
generics and specialty therapeutics. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
4 
 
Update on Pen-G: During the quarter, we started the operations of Pen-G on July 1, 2025, 
after getting the necessary regulatory approval. The scaling above the plant is as planned 
and is poised to make a meaningful contribution to profitability going forward. During the 
quarter, we produced around 1,050 MT by operating at 40%-50% capacity, amounting to 
approximately 6,000 MT production on an annualized basis. 
 
It is pertinent to note that the yields are consistently improving. Like other companies, we 
have made our representation to the government to implement the minimum import price, 
which will support the further ramp-up in achieving 100% capacity utilization, taking the 
production to 15,000 MT in a very short term. 
 
The Net CapEx for the quarter stood at $106 million, in line with our strategic priorities of 
enhancing our manufacturing capabilities, strengthening compliance, and accelerating 
automation. 
 
We generated net cash inflows before dividend $57 million during the quarter resulting in 
an improved net cash position, including investment of $170 million as of September 30th, 
compared to $140 million as of 30th June’2025. 
 
Average finance costs declined to 4.7% compared to previous quarters, reflecting effective 
treasury and cashflow management. PAT for the quarter was ₹848 crores.  
 
Outlook: Looking ahead, we remain confident about sustaining our growth momentum and 
driving value creation across all businesses. Our optimism is underpinned by expected 
volume expansion and reasonably stable pricing environment. 
 
Europe continue to deliver a robust revenue growth underscoring the region's strategic 
importance and operational strength and market challenge to the company. 
 
In the US, Dayton has transitioned into the commercial phase with manufacturing 
underway, packaging approval secured and product launches scheduled from January, 
positioning the site to start contributing significant revenues in FY27. Meanwhile, Raleigh is 
awaiting regulatory clearance. 
 
The OSD facility in China continues to ramp up advancing towards the capacity of 2 billion 
backed by European approval of 10 products and 3 local product approvals. The site is on 
track to deliver EBITDA breakeven by Q3-Q4 FY26, reinforcing its strategic importance to the 
global network. 
 
Summary: To summarize, our next 2 years, our growth will be driven by several key factors 
including ramp-up of our Pen-G facility, commercialization of the biosimilar portfolio and 
rapid progress in our biologic CMO. 
 
We expect continued improvement in Injectable business driven by continued supply ramp-
up, increasing supplies from China plant to Europe, additional contribution from a robust 
pipeline of new launches and the Lannett acquisition in the US, which will further 
strengthen our market position, expand our portfolio and drive medium-term growth. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
5 
 
 
Last but not least, we are confident of achieving our internal margin target of 20%-21% for 
FY26, as communicated earlier. We remain focused on execution, operational excellence 
and disciplined capital management, all of which position us well for sustained performance 
in the coming quarters. 
 
We now look forward to taking your questions. Our senior leadership team will be pleased 
to provide additional insight, details and clarification wherever required. Thank you. 
 
Question & Answer Session: 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait for a 
few minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to restrict to two questions 
and then return to the queue for more questions. While asking questions, we request you to 
please identify yourself and your company. Please raise your hand from the ‘Participant’ tab 
on the screen for asking questions. 
 
The first question is from Damayanti Kerai. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first 
question is on Generic Injectable business in the US. Sorry, I missed your comment, you 
mentioned it grew 6% quarter-on-quarter. So, a few clarifications. Are we broadly back to 
the level where disruption happened? And how do you see this business shaping up in the 
next two years? And if you can just talk a bit about some of the key pipeline products which 
you may have in your pipeline. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Hi Damyanti. So, still we are not back to the pre-disruption levels. I 
think we still have another 5-10 million dollars to go to reach that level. But it is mainly 
driven not because of existing products growth but because we don't have the new 
products to offset the single-digit price decline. So, we still have a quarter or two to go to 
come back to the pre-disruption levels. 
 
But the production is back on track and there is no issue there. Going forward into the 
future what we are looking at is – 
 
1. Number one, on the Injectable side we have some interesting products and, 
hopefully, like once Eugia III gets the reinspection and approvals, we have multiple 
products to launch. 
2. Second is with respect to our Vizag and Vizag commercialization and some new 
products coming from Vizag plant. 
3. And third from a speciality portfolio, we have a lot of Oncology oral solids which we 
are expected to launch in Q4 and Q1 of next year. 
 
So, there are multiple levers going forward. 
 
 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
6 
 
Damayanti Kerai: Sure. And if you can just remind us about when you are expecting Eugia III 
reinspection?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yeah. Eugia III, like we have already requested FDA in the end of Q2. 
And now we have the confirmation from FDA granting a reinspection for Eugia III. So, we 
received the official letter from FDA on 25th of September saying that they have accepted 
our request for reinspection. So, as per GDUFA III guidelines, normally it is any time from 
now till for 8 months, okay. So, they can come in any time for the reinspection. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. So, majority of new launches which we are expecting is broadly tied 
up to Eugia III clearance, right, if my understanding is correct?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yeah. Injectables, yes, but not oral solids. Mainly the Oncology oral 
solids are all from Eugia I, so I don't have any problem from Eugia I. So, those approvals will 
continue to happen. But Eugia III, yes. Part of injectables is from Eugia III. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. My second question is on Pen-G plant. Subbu sir, you mentioned 
now the capacity has reached up to 6000 MT on an annualized basis, right. So, when you go 
and discuss with government for the PLI benefit, what kind of scale up by then you are 
expecting and what is the amount? 
 
S. Subramanian: No, we are not running all the fermenters, we are running only 40%-50% of 
the fermenters. We have represented to the government and as and when any policy 
changes take place, we will ramp it up in a very short time.  
 
Damayanti Kerai: But the current production, will that enable you for the PLI benefit or not?  
.  
S. Subramanian: This current, yes, it is enabling me benefit. No doubt about it.  
 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. Okay, I'll get back in the queue. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We request participants to restrict to two questions and then return 
to the queue for more questions. Thank you. 
 
The next question is from Neha Manpuria.  
 
Neha Manpuria: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on Pen-G. Subbu 
Sir, what would be the EBITDA loss contribution from Pen-G at the moment? And at what 
level do we breakeven on the Pen-G plant? And, second, let's say this MIP representation 
does not come through or gets delayed, what's the Plan B in terms of achieving breakeven? 
Does that impact our ability to ramp up the plant even if MIP gets delayed or does not come 
through? 
 
S. Subramanian: That's a good question, Neha. As I explained to you, we have been 
improving on the yield, etc. We are nearing the breakeven from the current operations, etc. 
We have been doing around 6,000 tons per annum. See, we are doing 500 tons per month. I 
can increase it to 800 immediately, not a big issue, right. Once I touch 800, certainly it will 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
7 
 
contribute to the EBITDA. But having said that, we also need to look at it at what price we 
need to take that and move on. So, that is what we are looking for the policy changes. As 
and when it happens, we will do that. 
 
As a Plan B, what you are saying is, we have been continuously working on improving the 
yields and other things. That is going in a very positive direction, as informed to you in 
earlier this one. So, we are ready with Plan B in case there are any issues but I don't think 
that is necessary in my view.  
 
Neha Manpuria: Sorry to harp on this, Subbu Sir, but what would be given where prices are 
for Pen-G and Pen-G allied products, are we still cost competitive if we get to 8,000 tons per 
month [800 per month] production levels? Will we still be cost competitive?  
 
S. Subramanian: Yeah, we are the biggest consumer of 6-APA and Amoxicillin, everything in 
the country. So, irrespective of that, we will produce it and then we will consume it 
ourselves. That will help me in terms of improving the overall capacity utilization and I also 
work on other necessary actions, we will work on that, to improve the capacity, which I 
would not like to share it now.  
 
Neha Manpuria: Understood. Okay, got it. My second question is on the US business. Swami 
Sir, are we seeing any change in the erosion trends? Actually, Yugandhar and Swami Sir, are 
we seeing any change in erosion trends in the market in the recent times? Obviously, one of 
our competitors has seen issues in their plant, how does that position us to probably scale 
up our business in the US on the back of that? Any color there?  
 
 
Swami Iyer: Yeah, sorry.Neha, I am not sure I understood your question. You are talking 
about price erosion?  
 
Neha Manpuria: Yeah. So, my question is, have we seen any change in the price erosion 
trend in the US in the recent months? And with this disruption in one of our competitor’s 
plant, how does that position us to probably gain more volume in the market? Do you see 
that as an opportunity in the near term? 
 
Swami Iyer: So, when we take it as a basket, we think we are close to neutral. We have a 
little bit of erosion with very low single digit, I would say it's closer to 1 for the quarter. And 
this is based on an overall basket of products. There are some increases, there are some 
decreases. 
 
However, I have to make one point here. We did have some products which were 
opportunistic, which for a limited period you get some better opportunity in terms of pricing 
and volume. Those things, when they taper down, when a competitor comes in those prices 
will go down when you are a single player or when you have just one competitor, later when 
somebody enters, it could go down. So, we have seen such phenomena for a few products.  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
8 
 
In any quarter, if you take, you will always have one product which you have either got a 
shortage and because of that there are opportunities and there are products which go out. 
So, net-net, I think we are still at a comfortable stage.  
 
Neha Manpuria:  Understood. And, Yugandhar, any colour from you on the Injectable 
pricing? I think you said single digit erosion, has that increased in the recent months?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: No, it is a similar trend. It is only thing, as Swami rightly said, they can 
be a one-off product here and there where the erosion can be higher or lower but on an 
overall level it is still single digit. 
 
Moderator:  Thank you.  The next question is from Tushar Manudhane. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: Good Morning, Sir. Sir, on the EBITDA margin first, like your guidance 
of 20%-21% for FY26, now that Pen-G plant is largely stable, closer to EBITDA breakeven, 
Eugia related operational cost is largely done, probably inspection can only move up in 
terms of profitability from here on. So, if I have to extend this for FY27 maybe without 
considering the inspection outcome of Eugia III, how do we see the margin trajectory from 
here on? 
 
S. Subramanian: I think we will be able to give a clear guidance once we come to know 
about the status of the Pen-G MIP, right, which hopefully it will happen very soon, maybe a 
month to two months’ time. So, we will be able to tell you very clearly in the month of 
February.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it. Sir, China plant operational cost, how much that is? Trying to 
understand that… 
 
S. Subramanian: No, China, as on date in the quarter I will be incurring a loss of around 
maybe a million dollar but probably we will be able to achieve the breakeven between Q3 
and Q4 and after that China will start moving up in the overall contributing to the growth of 
the EBITDA growth.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it. In fact, trying to understand that even without let's say MIP 
related benefit on Pen-G, still how much is the scope to improve the EBITDA margin from 
the current 20%-21% for FY26 or FY27?  
 
S. Subramanian: Tushar, you are putting a lot of variables like don't consider Eugia III, don't 
consider Pen-G then it will remain the same because these are all the key drivers which is 
expected to take it up in the next year.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: Understood. Sir, secondly on Europe, which has been sort of a robust 
growth for now almost 3 years and reaching a billion dollars, so given this size of the 
business do we think that we will be able to still sustain mid-teens sort of a growth over 
next 2-3 years?  
 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
9 
 
V. Murlidharan: Sure. Yeah, Tushar, thank you for raising this question. Just one interesting 
correction, we are now touching billion euros mark, whereas last financial year we were at a 
touching distance of billion dollars but now we are well on track for billion euros. And, yes, 
as you have seen in the last 3 years, QOQ we are demonstrating growth and considering my 
all major countries contributors - France, Portugal, Netherlands and Germany continue to 
demonstrate this growth trajectory. I am very confident in the coming quarters and period 
as well there will be sustained growth.  
 
Tushar Manudhane:  Got it, Sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: The next question is from Bino. 
 
Bino: Hi. Good morning and good evening. Subbu Sir, if I heard correctly, you said the 
EBITDA excluding Revlimid has improved 14% QOQ, is that correct?  
 
S. Subramanian: That's right. That’s right.  
 
Bino: Sir, what are the drivers of this? Is it mainly coming from lower losses in the Pen-G 
plant or is there something else to it?  
 
S. Subramanian: That is also one and Sales has grown up by about 7%, Gross Profit also 
grown up by 10%. I think overall there is improvement across the businesses which is what 
driving the overall improvement of the EBITDA.  
 
Bino: Okay. And the gross margin QOQ has gone up despite lower Revlimid, what has driven 
that? What has changed so much in the product mix?  
 
S. Subramanian: See, one is, if you really see the formulation products have gone up this 
quarter compared to API, right. That is one small product change. And, second, if you really 
see Europe has been continuously growing, so the operating leverage is getting increased 
quarter-on-quarter which is also helping us. And the third point is, there is a product mix 
which is happening across US also. I may not like to get into the details in terms of which 
segment, which product, etc. but there is a good amount of product mix changing place in 
US which is also helping. 
 
So, it's a combination of multiple factors which is helping to grow the thing. And the last one 
is once the Pen-G comes, the gross margin will be very high because the major cost apart 
from the raw material is the coal. So, you will be able to see a slight increase in the gross 
margin once the Pen-G plant comes full operational. Once it's operated fully, probably we 
may cross 60% also.  
 
Bino: Understood. And Revlimid, was it minimal for the quarter and are we completely done 
with it?  
 
S. Subramanian: It's a minimal for the quarter. 
 
Bino: Okay. And next quarter will be close to zero?  

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
10 
 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yes.  
 
Bino: Understood! And, sorry, one last question on tax rate. For the first time we have been 
at a tax rate above 30%, is that likely to be the case for full year as well?  
 
S. Subramanian:  See, basically, some of the businesses are incurring losses, which you 
know, at a PBT level like Pen-G(Lyfius), some of the other businesses. We don't take tax 
credit on the losses. We will take only as and when it started making profit, we'll adjust it. 
So, because of that it appears like we are having a 35% tax rate but in reality, it's only 25% 
whereas the tax returns will carry the losses, tax credit. In books of account, we don't. 
 
Bino: Okay. So, once they become profitable, the reported tax rate can fall below 25%?  
 
S. Subramanian:  Below 25%. Yes, you are absolutely right. 
 
Bino: Understood. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: The next question is from Tarang Agarwal. 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Hi, good morning. Couple of questions, Sir. Both on US and Europe, if you 
could give us a sense on what's the portfolio coverage currently? Specifically in US, how 
does Lannett help it improve say quantitatively and what are the steps to improve? And 
similarly in Europe, things get a little complicated in Europe because it's a confederation of 
many countries. So, if you could give a more granular insight on some of your major 
markets. 
 
That's on portfolio coverage. On cashflows, CapEx intensity of the business continues to be 
reasonably high despite reasonable amount of capacities which continue to be unutilized. 
H1, it's already at ₹1500 crores, so how should we really now Penicillin CapEx intensity for 
the business given a vast footprint of unutilized capacities? Thanks.  
 
Swami Iyer: Let me talk about US first, Subbu. After that, probably Murali can talk about 
Europe or you can generally talk about other countries. As far as US is concerned, we have a 
prescription of about 10.2%, which is the largest. So, that tells you the coverage. It's very 
fairly large across all segments and we have been growing. We have been growing. Now, 
this quarter we have seen some momentum in terms of seasonality, so that has also helped 
us. That's as far as the US is concerned. 
 
And when you talk about Lannett specifically, Lannett has a number of products which are 
good additions to our portfolio like the ADHD products and we are very excited to have 
those products in our portfolio once the merger is done. We are still awaiting the FTC 
approval, as you may be aware, and that's a process we have to go through. 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Sir, if I could just chip in. I mean, I understand that you've got north of 10% 
volume share but does it come after covering say 50% of the market or does it come after 
covering 60% of the market? It's really that's the metric that I was looking for.  

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
11 
 
 
Swami Iyer: So, I didn't get your question. I don't know what is that 50% and 60% you are 
talking about. You are talking about products? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Portfolio coverage, Swami. 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Yes. 
 
Swami Iyer: Oh! Portfolio coverage. Okay. So, we are into all segments, all therapeutic 
areas. I would say that we are probably around 50% or more but, you know, it does not 
cover all the presentations of a product. For example, now foam, let us take foam as one, 
some of the derma areas we have still not covered. So, I would only say that we have 
significant coverage in the therapeutic area. So, I don't have the exact percentage but that's 
where we are. 
 
Tarang Agarwal: Sure. 
 
V. Murlidharan: Tarang, maybe I can touch upon the European part of the query. Murali 
here. So, you touched upon the portfolio breadth and also the complexities in Europe under 
which we are operating in. So, let me touch the second point. Yes, we are talking of multiple 
regulators, multiple language packs, different language packs and fragmented market and 
different market archetypes, whether it is a tender generic market or pharmacy driven or 
prescription driven. Across all these, we have demonstrated our success. There is a very 
well-set system - frontend, commercial infrastructure, well-motivated team acting across 
these different markets and that way we are able to overcome the challenges. In addition to 
the regulators, we are also answerable to the European Commission, European Medicine 
Agency. Newer challenges like on nitrosamine we keep hearing but we are able to overcome 
all these with all our efforts. 
 
Coming to the portfolio, on the representative market, if you can assess, we are on upward 
of 80% of portfolio coverage and we are constantly striving to touch that 85% to 90% levels. 
Of course, here I have excluded biosimilars and inhalation products but there again very 
soon we will be making our launches.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Sir, when you say represented markets, what do you mean? Because I felt 
there was an asterisk to it when you called the term represented market. 
 
V. Murlidharan: That’s where I qualify telling some of the biosimilars range and inhalation 
range which I have excluded but, otherwise, the generic-generic market in which we are 
operating in we are able to have over 80% of the portfolio addressed.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Okay. Last on CapEx. 
 
S. Subramanian: Tarang, in terms of the CapEx, as we communicated, we are not going for 
any major greenfield projects etc. What we have done, the major CapEx during the quarter 
is on account ofthe arrangement with a global pharma major for which we have to pay the 
milestone payments which we have been doing. Plus, the US also has put the new 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
12 
 
warehouse and other related things. We are also going to incur on the biologics which Dr. 
Satakarni can give more color into that. Otherwise, there is no major CapEx. Only these 2-3 
things will contribute to the CapEx going forward.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Okay. Yeah, any comment on biosimsimilars because you specifically spoke 
about CapEx there, Sir?  
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: Tarang, hi. Biosimilars, as you know that we have invested in 
capacity expansion 1.5 years ago. So, this is not a new CapEx per se. I told you in the 
Earnings Call some time back that we have we are adding to two 2,500 litres mammalian 
bioreactors to the existing CuraTeQ facility. Now, after 18 months of the CapEx approval or 
maybe 2 years of CapEx approval, those lines are now getting commissioned. Likewise, to 
make us commercial ready and to ensure a good supply chain, we also needed to add filling 
capacities. So, as part of the last year's, (2024), CapEx approval, we are adding a vial filling 
line to the filling capacities at CuraTeQ. So, those equipments will come on line. I think the 
bioreactors will come on line, will be fully commissioned and qualified this quarter. The 
filling line will be fully on line and qualified by June or the July quarter next fiscal. 
 
With respect to TheraNym, as you know, that is another CapEx investment for Aurobindo. 
As I told you, the company committed a capital investment of about ₹1,000 crore to 
establish 2X15 kL mammalian bioreactor commercial scale facility. TheraNym continues to 
make a steady progress on executing this project and I believe this project will be ready for 
inauguration sometime in June, July next year. 
 
So, that's the CapEx exposure that we continue to have. During the last quarter we further 
strengthened the collaboration with MSD by signing a second product contract with them, 
to support this expanded scope two additional 15 kL mammalian bioreactor lines are being 
added as part of Block 2 in the same facility. So, that's another CapEx exposure that you will 
be witnessing. 
 
Otherwise, what our CapEx commitments, that Subbu has been talking about, the fiscal 
prudence in terms of expenditure is extremely tight at Aurobindo. So, we are very conscious 
of the fact on the question that you have raised and we are maintaining prudence in 
expending this CapEx.  
 
Tarang Agarwal: Wonderful, Sir! And I don't know if this was called out before but congrats 
on the expansion of scope with MSD. Thank you. 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: The next question is from Shyam Srinivasan. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Yeah, hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Dr. Satakarni, 
just sticking to biosimilar commercialization and even the pipeline updates, if you could 
share, please. Thank you. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
13 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: So, it's pretty interesting in terms of the last quarter that we had. 
We announced a successful Phase 3 clinical study outcome for our Denosumab biosimilar. 
We conducted a Phase 3 trial entirely in Europe in 446 patients enrolled across 5 European 
countries and I think 40 clinical sites. We are working towards submitting the marketing 
authorization applications for Denosumab biosimilars both for Prolia and Xgeva biosimilars 
to European Medicines Agency in April’2026. Now, I have given this guidance before that I 
would like to submit the MA application in January but considering my other clinical 
commitments on the facility availability, the validation batches are taking time. So, April is 
when the European submission for this biosimilar will happen, and the FDA submission we 
think that we can be able to do it in the July quarter of 2026 Calendar Year. So, this is a good 
development for us. 
 
Likewise, Omalizumab, which is a very important product, a biosimilar to Xolair, we have 
successfully completed patient recruitment in our Phase 3 trial. This is in chronic 
spontaneous urticaria. I believe that we will be ready to submit the European Marketing 
Authorization application in June, July ‘2026 and a quarter later in the US. So, we are on 
track with this product. 
 
An important development is for Tocilizumab, which hitherto was not part of our regulated 
market plans. We have completed a clinical PK/PD study for Tocilizumab already. So, we 
went to European Medicines Agency, my regulatory team was able to get a Phase 3 clinical 
study waiver with the European Medicines Agency which means that now we are doing 
everything to fast track Tocilizumab which is also immunology product. We believe we will 
be able to submit this product also in the July quarter next year with the European 
Medicines Agency. We will start engaging with the USFDA to discuss about the possibility of 
a Phase 3 clinical study waiver for Tocilizumab. So, Tocilizumab, I haven't talked about this 
product before but now this comes into the filing domain in the next year from us.  
 
Bevacizumab; there is an interesting update. You know that we have completed a Phase 1 
study and we have got an approval for our Bevqolva biosimilar in UK. Last, I am told, it's 
already available in hospitals in UK for purchase from yesterday. With European Medicines 
Agency we had a scientific advice and we received a waiver for Phase 3 clinical study, which 
means that I need not wait until the study completion, which is late next year, to submit the 
file with Europe. We will be able to also submit this file. We are planning to submit this file 
in April’2026 with Europe. With USFDA, we still believe for this product because it doesn't 
have a good PD marker, we still believe the Phase 3 study will be relevant. So, the USFDA 
filing plans don't change. That will be towards the end of the next year. 
 
So, you can see the portfolio is progressing really well. 
 
To your second question, Shyam, on the EU launch and supplies, we are pleased to share 
that we have successfully invoiced and delivered our first batch of biosimilar in the 
European market, which is an important milestone. Currently, we are focusing on 
streamlining our testing activities with the CRO partners to ensure timely testing and 
compliant QP release of products. At the same time, we are also actively aligning our 
manufacturing and supply capacities so that from March’2026 we will be able to supply 
continuously to our European partners. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
14 
 
 
Also, what is important to note is, we are in the process of negotiating a couple of strategic 
deals in European market that will broaden our product portfolio and maximize our supply 
potential. We expect to share more clarity and details on these developments in the next 
quarter. Overall, I remain confident in our European supply roadmap and also the emerging 
market roadmap that we are putting together and we are committed to delivering value to 
patients and partners from 2026 onwards. The ‘27-’28, which I always told, will be the 
inflection point in the biosimilar business where I expect about 7 approvals in Europe and 
possibly a couple of approvals in the US on the upside. Hope this answers your question. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Yeah. Thank you, Sir. Just one sub question is on the new biosimilar 
guidelines in the FDA and from a competitive intensity standpoint do you now see a lot 
more of your peers who have probably skirted this opportunity, I'm talking Indian peers, to 
start looking at it seriously and are you worried about it at all?  
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: It's a very interesting question. I can give my perspective. In 
October’2025, the FDA released a new draft guidance aimed at streamlining and simplifying 
the biosimilar approval process. Now, the way I read the guidance, the draft guidance, is the 
key regulatory shift, the language is important, please read the language that I am talking 
about, the key regulatory shifts include reducing the reliance on comparative efficacy 
studies. So, it is not about eliminating comparative efficacy studies at this point but, 
eventually, just like Health Canada, European Medicines Agency and MHRA, I believe USFDA 
will also reach a point where the need for Phase 3 efficacy studies will be removed. But right 
now, it is about reducing the reliance on comparative efficacy studies and eliminating the 
requirement of interchangeability. And if you are following my Earnings Calls for the last 2-3 
years, I have been telling that interchangeability designation will go. 
 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Yeah. 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati:  So, that is happening. So, there is a clear mandate on eliminating 
the requirement for interchangeability studies and I have not invested in any 
interchangeability or switching studies in my portfolio and reducing the reliance on 
comparative efficacy studies. 
 
Now, to the Part 2 of your question, by reducing the developmental hurdles and costs, do 
you think there will be a peer group that can essentially build capabilities and deliver 
biosimilar on a day-to-day basis? I believe the entry barriers are still on the science. 
Developing a biosimilar is more akin to developing a biologic minus the discovery. So, the 
barrier and inertia of good science to be able to leverage a strong analytical and 
comparative data expertise still remains a significant barrier for most companies, Shyam. 
 
I can comment on CuraTeQ. CuraTeQ has already demonstrated a proven biosimilar 
developmental capability with approvals in Europe and, therefore, I believe our business is 
well positioned to benefit from any removal of the need for doing comparative efficacy 
studies. The timelines will definitely shrink but the inertia that you have in terms of being 
able to characterize the biosimilar analytically so that you can have the waiver for Phase 3 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
15 
 
on a case-to-case basis still remains a significant barrier for most companies, Shyam, if that 
answers your question. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Kunal Dhamesha.  
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Since we are quite confident of getting 
minimum import price for Pen-G, if you could highlight that would it be only for the Pen-G 
HS code? And, secondly, what is the range that we are looking at? What is the 
representation that we have made in terms of what should be the minimum import price? 
That would be helpful.  
 
S. Subramanian: Kunal, all the questions are very relevant because it is already in the review 
by the DOP and the government, we will not able to comment on any of your questions. 
Ultimately, the range, etc., it is their prerogative. What is that they are going to give, etc., is 
their prerogative. We are making representation, we have been taking up with them etc., 
but, ultimately, as and when they inform us only, we will be able to communicate.  
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay, sure. And let's say MIP ideally should not have any impact on the 
internal consumption of Pen-G for us, right. It only kind of should affect the external sales. Is 
that the correct understanding?  
 
S. Subramanian: No, it is not the correct understanding. Once again it is linked to your first 
question, your understanding is not right but I will let you know after some time because it 
is linked to the first question. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay, I still don't get it so, yeah. Because internal consumption would not 
get impacted by MIP. 
 
S. Subramanian: Internal consumption, you have to look into the supply chain as a whole. 
Pen-G, 6-APA, Amoxy like that it goes into multiple layers.  
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Right. 
 
S. Subramanian:  Right, so that is the reason. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: But we should be able to offset our internal consumption of Pen-G or 6-
APA. 
 
S. Subramanian: No. Ultimately, Kunal, the representation includes Amoxy also. That is 
having a bearing on the market price where we both converge, both external and internal. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Yeah. But for us 6-APA shouldn't be an issue, right? We primarily import 
6-APA. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
16 
 
 
S. Subramanian: Ideally, it should not be an issue. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay. So, MIP is not basically leading to that internal consumption part 
for 6-APA. Amoxy maybe, not 6APA.  
 
S. Subramanian: I will explain to you; give me a week's time, I'll explain to you. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure. Sure sir. And, secondly, for Dr. Satakarni Sir, would you say with all 
these changes, potential changes, in regulatory landscape, would you say that the plant 
compliance and good manufacturing practices would be the primary entry barrier for the 
new player for the biosimilar business given that PK studies, etc., those are not very costly 
to conduct? 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: Yeah, I mean I will repeat my answer. So, there are three things 
here.  
 
• One, you need to be able to develop an analytically high quality biosimilar. So, that's 
the first barrier. 
• Two, because if you develop a high quality biosimilar that is characterized well vis-à-
vis originator biologic, the chances are, on a case-to-case basis you will get a Phase 3 
waiver, which means that the companies which were investing anywhere between 
[USD] 50-150 million in conducting these clinical studies don't need to expend that 
much now. A PK/PD study with a strong immunogenicity data package, the 
immunogenicity requirements, I believe, will increase, Kunal. But having said that, 
the timelines will shrink, the investments will no longer be required to the extent 
that we were making before. So, all this is good. 
• And the third barrier would be the GMP. 
 
So, that's a given. For any product that goes into a patient, the regulatory norms in terms of 
good manufacturing practices continue to be of the highest scrutiny and rigour. So, every 
company had to meet those. 
 
So, I still think the science to get a biosimilar analytically characterized, companies who have 
achieved that sort of resource capability building in their organizations stand well positioned 
to take advantage of these shifting regulatory norms be it with the FDA, be it with EMA or 
Health Canada. And when you have good GMP practices that go with it, then the approval 
pathway will become easier. 
 
I hope this answers your question. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure. And, Sir, lastly on where do we stand on the plant inspection from 
USFDA perspective? I mean, what is our preparedness here? When do we expect our first 
filing and USFDA to inspect the plant? 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: So, based on my earlier guidance, I was hoping to file a 
Trastuzumab with USFDA. But considering my supply commitments and it's a lyophilized 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
17 
 
product, recalculating my capacities and the utilization I realized that I will push down 
Trastuzumab to the latter half of next year. So, the first filing would now be Denosumab 
followed by Omalizumab. So, if we file it somewhere between April-June, then I expect the 
inspection to happen by the end of the Calendar Year 2026 with the USFDA. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure, Sir, it's helpful. And all the best. Thank you. 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati:  Thank you. 
 
Moderator: The next question is from Surya Patra.  
 
Surya Patra:  Thanks for the opportunity, Sir. My first question is on the European market. Is 
it possible to now share what is the injectable revenue mix within Europe now? And what is 
the margin performance for the entire European business now we are having?  
 
V. Murlidharan: Yeah, the injectable component is about 10%. We are touching [EUR]  100-
million mark. Here, what I wish to state is not all of the products are in copious supplies, we 
are waiting for some of these products to kick in from Eugia III. So, at that time, we will be 
having a quantum jump that we expect in FY27. 
 
And, of course, the margin percentage wise, yes, we are touching at 20 levels, high teens.  
 
Surya Patra: Okay. Okay. So, means we are anticipating to reach towards 20 level but 
currently high teens. That is what is the... 
 
V. Murlidharan: Yeah, that’s what. 
 
Surya Patra: Okay. Second point is that we are seeing a kind of interesting development on 
the growth market front by creating multiple kind of fully-owned subsidiaries like that. So, 
could you discuss something, your kind of moves and initiatives on the growth market side? 
And what is the kind of growth trajectory that you are now thinking there? Any specific 
strategy change on those market front? Anything on that front, Sir, having created a 
significant presence in US and Europe? 
 
S. Subramanian: Surya, on the overall if you take the rest of the growth markets, they are 
not concentrated in one but across all the things. And where we are looking for a good 
impact coming next year is the China one. And other markets like Canada, Brazil, and all the 
markets are growing reasonably well,the new market which is going to add to the volume, I 
mean, topline as well as the EBITDA level is the China one which we had talked about it 
earlier.  
 
Surya Patra: Okay. Sir, is it right to think this way that given the large volume opportunity in 
the name of GLP what is upcoming, so to participate there aggressively in the majority of 
the emerging market are we becoming a bit aggressive and, hence, creating platforms and 
presence and positioning? And also, what is our thought process about India, about GLP 
also, if y can?  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
18 
 
 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: No, on the GLP piece, I think we have been very clear that we will be 
doing this product on our own at our Vizag plant and we will be in the second phase of 
launches and we are looking at filing the products across all markets sometime next year, 
okay.  
 
S. Subramanian: On the India front, probably we may do some small acquisitions, may not 
be a big one. We will not do a big one because we'll just need to, I mean, slowly take off for 
the Indian market. As of now, we are doing around a turnover of something like ₹275-₹300 
crore per year and probably we may take it by another ₹100 crore; like that only we will do. 
So, we will not go aggressive on the Indian market. 
 
Surya Patra: Okay. Just last one bit, Sir, about the acquisition plan for the capital allocation 
plan. So, we have been acquisitive also, so do you have any plan for any larger acquisition, if 
that is possible? Or what would be our thought process about inorganic growth going 
ahead?  
 
S. Subramanian: See, certainly, wherever we are getting opportunities which create a new 
market or new technological platform. We'll not go do specifically for the existing products. 
Take the example of Lannett, it is a leader in the controlled substances, which we have 
done. So, we'll look into case by case and there is no specific ‘This is what we are going to 
do’ like that.  
 
Surya Patra: Okay, okay. Sure, Sir. Yeah. Thank you. Wish you all the best. 
 
S. Subramanian: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: The next question is from Kunal Randeria.  
 
Kunal Randeria: Hello. Good morning, Sir. Sir, my question is regarding some of your new 
plans. So, for example, in China you will spend around $145 million, so I'm just wondering 
what kind of asset turnover should one expect? And when can this plant achieve its peak 
sales potential?  
 
S. Subramanian: I think the plant started invoicing since April this year. We will be able to 
achieve the breakeven in the first year itself. And going forward what we are trying to see is 
that in the next three years we should be able to take the turnover to triple digit. Generally, 
the productivity there is high and the margins will be good. So, we are trying in 2-3 years’ 
time we will be able to achieve triple digit turnover number. 
 
Kunal Randeria: So, should I kind of assume in 3 years or so you could have an asset 
turnover of 1x. Maybe around $150 million odd [turnover] is a potentially likely number?  
 
S. Subramanian: Could be. 
 
Kunal Randeria: Sure. And, secondly, Sir, you did touch upon this M&A that you are looking 
to do. But you know, there was some news item earlier that you were looking to buy Zentiva 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
19 
 
and the payout could be like, you know, as much as US$5 billion. So, is this the kind of scale 
that you are comfortable doing?  
 
S. Subramanian: No, as I said, first of all, we said very clearly that we have not given any 
binding offer, okay. Second is, it is not that every M&A which we are looking into that we 
are going to buy it, we will go case by case and what are all the synergies, how it will help 
the company as a whole, institution as a whole and what are all the new technological 
things which we are able to achieve, new market front, right. 
 
In the case of Zentiva, I made it very clear in the last call itself, we are not present in Central 
and Eastern Europe, it has come very handy. So, that is a one-off case. Need not be 
everything will be like Zentiva.  
 
Kunal Randeria: Sure, Sir. No, I understand that. My question was more like, would you be 
comfortable spending, you know, levering up and maybe going for a $4 billion kind of an 
acquisition? Not Zentiva specific but more like, you know, $4 billion kind of payout. Would 
you be comfortable doing that?  
 
S. Subramanian: No, see, Zentiva also, if you really see, assuming $4 billion, we have not 
given any number, assuming $4 billion the interest coverage will be more than 2 times, 2.5 
times, right, even assuming 100% leverage. So, it all depends upon the case to case and 
Zentiva is a very unique case, that's what I've been telling.  
 
Kunal Randeria: Got it, Sir. Got it. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: The next question is from Bino.  
 
Bino: Hi. Thanks for the follow-up question. One question on the biosimilar Xolair, in your 
understanding by the time you reach the market how many other players could be there in 
the US market? 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati: It depends on product by product, Bino. So, with Omalizumab, 
which is our primary product for the US market, a potential $4 billion global market with 
around $2.5-$2.6 billion coming from the US alone, we will be the third player. As of today, 
we'll be the third player. The product is in two indications - chronic spontaneous urticaria 
and respiratory asthma. Very recently the innovator also got an approval for accidental food 
allergies, which is supposed to grow the market significantly. 
 
Now, when you come to Denosumab, the patent expiry is towards the end of this year. We 
expect biosimilars to shape the market in the next 12-14 months. So, I am not in the first 
wave of product launches, we will be in the second wave. But we believe any biosimilar 
these days that you look at from the analytical reports, business analytical reports, etc., 
even those with patent expiries beyond ‘2028 or ‘2030, there are at least 8-10 players who 
are developing them. So, I believe the goalpost has slightly shifted from attempting to be 
the first one to launch. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
06 November 2025 
 
20 
 
Aurobindo is not, at this point of time, because we have at least a decade and decade and a 
half lag time in catching up with competition who have started way ahead of us. We were 
there for the last 6-7 years and we started this grounds up. But we will be cost competitive, 
we would be the last man standing and we would like to shape the market in a manner that 
we can sustain our efforts over a long term. We are picking products that we believe have a 
longer product lifecycle in terms of the patient care and management, which means the 
follow-on biologicals are not really exciting. So, such products make our portfolio. 
 
So, in some products we may be 3rd or 4th to be there in the market, in some products we 
may be 6th or 7th to be in the market. So, it really depends on the product, Bino. 
 
Bino: Understood. Thank you very much. 
 
Varun Mali: Thanks, Vandit. Thank you very much everyone for joining us on the call today. 
If you have any of your questions unanswered, please feel free to get in touch with the 
Investor Relations team. The transcript of this call will be uploaded on our 
website www.aurobindo.com in due course. Thank you everyone once again and have a 
great day ahead. 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Aurobindo Pharma, that concludes today's 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines and exit the 
webinar. Thank you.  
 
END OF TRANSCRIPTION 
Digitally signed by BADDIGAM ADI REDDY 
Date: 2025.11.11 16:39:56 +05'30'
