 
 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited   |   Registered Office: Ananta One (AR One), Pride Hotel Lane, Narveer Tanaji Wadi, City Survey No. 
1579, Shivajinagar Pune - 411005 Maharashtra   |   CIN: L66010PN2016PLC167410   |   IRDAI Reg. No: 158 
 
Website www.godigit.com                 Email Id: hello@godigit.com                           Toll free 1800-258-5956 
 
Date: 29th December 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001  
BSE Scrip Code: 544179 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Symbol: GODIGIT 
Subject: Transcript of Analyst/Institutional Investors call of the Company held on 24th December 2025 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Para A of Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith transcript 
of the Analyst/Institutional Investors conference call held on Wednesday, 24th December 2025 on 
Company Update related to Scheme of Amalgamation of Go Digit Infoworks Services Private Limited 
(“Holding Company”) with the Company under Section 230 to 232 of Companies Act, 2013.  
The above information is being made available on the Company’s website at www.godigit.com.  
We request you to kindly take the above intimation on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely,  
For Go Digit General Insurance Limited  
 
 
Tejas Saraf 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
TEJAS 
SARAF
Digitally signed by TEJAS SARAF 
Date: 2025.12.29 13:47:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 3 
 
 
 
“Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
Company Update Conference Call” 
December 24, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMESH GOYAL – CHAIRMAN – GO DIGIT 
GENERAL INSURANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. RAVI KHETAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – GO 
DIGIT GENERAL INSURANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. PIYUSH BOTHRA – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – GO DIGIT GENERAL INSURANCE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. TEJAS SARAF – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER– GO DIGIT GENERAL 
INSURANCE LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. ANSUMAN DEB – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 3 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Go Digit Company Update Conference Call 
hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kamesh Goyal, Chairman of Go Digit. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Good evening, everyone. I am joined in this call with Ravi, our CFO, Piyush, our Head of 
Investor Relations, and Tejas, who is our Company Secretary. I think you are aware we had 
released a press release on Friday, this Friday, regarding merger of/ amalgamation of Go Digit 
Infoworks with Go Digit General Insurance Limited. 
 
Basic idea is to create a direct alignment between the insurance company and the promoters and 
also have a leaner sort of corporate structure. We had also given in the press release the 
shareholding pre and post-merger. You would notice that the promoter shareholding is only 
increasing by 0.03% in the General Insurance Company and that is essentially due to issuance 
of shares worth about INR 43 crores at a price of INR 375.1, which on the day of announcement, 
that is 19th December, the market value was about INR341-INR342, so at a premium of that. 
 
We had also mentioned that from a perspective of board of the General Insurance Company, the 
management team, everything stays as it is. So that release, briefly, I'm just reading in a way 
from the press release itself. We thought we'll just do the short call in case anyone has any 
questions relating to this amalgamation scheme, happy to answer that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now begin with the question and answer 
session. The first question comes from the line of Ansuman Deb from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ansuman Deb: 
Yes, hi. Good evening, sir. And your communication is quite clear. But just two questions. One 
is the fact that is there any revenue or any transactions between the holding company and 
previously the holding company and the company which used to be there? And what kind of if 
it continues right now, or is there any chance in the future? That is one. Second is the fact that 
in terms of capital movement, it becomes easier. I understood. But is there any kind of intention 
or possibilities in that line? So that will be the two questions. Thank you. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Thanks, Ansuman. So this company, the holding company, had some arrangement for some 
services with the General Insurance Company. But the regulator had asked to discontinue these 
services. And the same was stopped in November 2024. So roughly about a year old. So today, 
the companies don't have any transaction per se. 
 
Secondly, I think on the capital side, our solvency as of 30th of September, for which the 
published data is there is close to about 226%. So there is no need for us to raise capital. The 

 
 
Go Digit General Insurance Limited 
 
 
December 24, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
additional INR 43 crores of shares which are being issued are roughly about just 1% of the net 
worth of the company. 
 
So this is not going to make a substantial difference to the overall capitalization of the company. 
And as of now, we don't foresee company requiring any additional capital in near future. 
Secondly, as all of us know that 50% of the net worth can be raised through Tier 2 bonds or 
through the debentures. 
 
And the company has as of now only INR 350 crores of debentures. So even if there is any need 
for capital due to higher growth, the company has more than enough space to raise Tier 2 capital 
through debentures. So we don't really foresee need for raising any equity capital in the company 
near future.  
Ansuman Deb: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Thanks Ansuman. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star 
and one on their touchtone telephone. We'll wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. As there are no questions from the participants, I would like to end the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you, management. 
Kamesh Goyal: 
Thanks everyone for joining. As I said, I think from our side, we try to make press release as 
transparent as possible and it seems there's no other questions. So we can thank you for joining 
and hope that you'll join us again next month when we have two, three results. Thanks everyone 
for joining. 
Management: 
Thanks a lot. Thank you, sir. 
