 
 
 
CIN: L55101WB1949PLC017981 
        Corporate Office: 7, Sham Nath Marg, Delhi – 110 054, India/ Telephone:  +91 - 11- 2389 0505 /  
Website:www.eihltd.com, Email: isdho@oberoigroup.com 
Registered Office: N-806-A, 8th Floor, Diamond Heritage Building, 16, Strand Road, Fairley Place, Kolkata - 700001 
 
                                                                                                             20th November 2025 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Meet / Call held on 14th November 2025  
 
 
Dear Sirs / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), we hereby submit transcript of the Investor Meet/Call 
held on 14th November 2025, in respect of unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter ended 30th September 2025, which were considered and approved by the Board of 
Directors of the Company, at its Meeting held on 11th November 2025. 
 
The above may please be taken on record. 
 
Thank you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For EIH Limited 
 
 
Lalit Kumar Sharma 
Company Secretary 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra(E) 
Mumbai –  400051 
Code: EIHOTEL 
The BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400001 
Code: 500840 
LALIT KUMAR 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by LALIT 
KUMAR SHARMA 
Date: 2025.11.20 
15:56:13 +05'30'

 
TRANSCRIPT 
 
Q2FY26 Result Webinar 
of 
 
 
 
on Friday, November 14, 2025 
 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi, MD & CEO 
Mr. Vineet Kapur, CFO 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Navin B. Agrawal | Head, Institutional Equities 
+91 98200 27446 | navin.agrawal@skpsecurities.com 
 
 
 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
2 
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for attending this virtual meeting. I'm pleased to 
welcome you on behalf of EIH Limited and SKP Securities to EIH Limited's Q2 FY26 earnings webinar. 
We have with us Mr. Vikram Oberoi, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Vineet 
Kapur, Chief Financial Officer.  
Friends, this virtual meeting is being recorded for compliance reasons, and during the course of the 
discussion, there may be certain forward-looking statements. These must be viewed in conjunction with 
the risks that the company faces. 
We'll have the opening remarks by Mr. Oberoi, followed by a Q&A session.  
Thank you, and over to you, Vikram. 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi – MD & CEO, EIH Limited: 
Thank you so much, Navin. 
A very good morning to everybody who's participating in this call this morning.  
Maybe I can start by just talking about both, Q1 and to a lesser extent Q2. We unfortunately had 
Operation Sindoor and I'm glad it didn't last too long, but that did impact Q1 results and, to some extent, 
may have flowed into Q2 as well. 
Other factors that impacted the industry as a whole and us as well in Q2, which Vineet will cover in his 
presentation.  
And, of course, we had the recent explosion in Delhi, my condolences to the families whose members 
passed away or were injured. So far, we haven't had a significant cancellation, particularly from foreign 
guests as a result of that. And yesterday, I was talking to a travel partner based out of the US who brings 
very large and upscale groups to our hotel, in fact, more than once a year. And she was telling me that 
she did get a few calls from people who are in the group coming in February. But fortunately, there have 
been no cancellations, so I hope that remains so, because it's important. The winter months are important 
for foreign travel into India, and I hope this crisis and tragedy doesn't impact that in a negative way.  
With that, I'll pass it on to Vineet to give you a short presentation, and then we'll be happy to answer 
your questions. Thank you very much. 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Thank you, Vikram, thanks a lot. And good morning, everybody. 
Performance at a Glance: 
We'll start with the performance slide. We got few geopolitical disruptions in Q1, which also impacted 
Q2. International travel continued to be impacted by the geopolitical disruptions, mainly because of 
Operation Sindoor, as well as the Middle East conflict. 
On top of that, we also had a little bit sentimental impact because of Air India crash in June. People , 
were a little risk averse to air travel in Q2. Due to that, we saw domestic air passenger traffic declining 
by 2 to 2.5% in Q2. We had adverse weather conditions due to excess rainfall, which was excess across 
main regions in India, which also affected the domestic travel. 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
3 
 
On a like-to-like performance, which is without The Oberoi Grand and Airport Lounge in Mumbai, our 
Q2 revenue growth was 9% and EBITDA declined by 3%. 
But instead of looking at Q2 performance, we should look at H1 considering we had few shifts between 
Q1 and Q2, between last year and the current year. So, if you look on a YTD basis, H1 performance, our 
revenue growth has been 14%, and EBITDA growth has been 12% on a like to like basis. 
At the end of September, we were having a cash reserve of 1050 crores, which is pretty healthy and very 
comfortable for driving future expansions for the group.  
Industry Performance: 
Industry reported a flat occupancy in Q2.  
ARR increased by about 5% to 7%, and RevPar increased on an average 5% versus last year. Considering 
the fact that last year, Q2 was impacted by pent-up demand post-elections, and also had higher number 
of wedding days, YTD performance would be a good measure to see the industry growth.  
And considering that we had impact of Operation Sindoor and Middle East in H1, overall occupancy, 
remained flat to last year, but healthy increase in the range of 7% to 9% was seen in ARR for the industry. 
This also helped in increasing RevPAR in the range of 8% to 10%. So, despite the fact that we had 
impacts of Operation Sindoor, Middle East conflict and excessive rains, the industry did well in H1.  
Management Perspective – FY26: 
From a management perspective for the current year, we feel that the sector is poised for significant 
expansion. 
We see growth in domestic tourism, as well as corporate and MICE segments. Also, the key growth 
drivers like infrastructure, new airports, new highways are driving the growth for luxury travel. We also 
have seen high demand for luxury and leisure travel, due to the growth in India's upper middle-class 
segment, as well as growth in HNI population. 
We are also expanding rapidly in the coming years, we have a pipeline of 27 properties across global 
and  domestic markets, which will be operational by 2030 through direct ownership, through JVs, 
associates and management contracts. So, considering that, we see a robust growth in the future for the 
hotels segment, as well as our Group.  
EIH maintains consistent RevPAR leadership over STR Competition Set: 
This chart reflects the RevPAR leadership for EIH hotels, domestic hotels, including managed 
properties, which shows a healthy leadership over the competition set. And just to mention, we have 13 
out of 15 hotels, which are in the STR benchmarking, which have a rank either of 1 or 2. So, a lot of our 
properties in the STR benchmarking lead in the industry. 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd:  
And, Vineet, I'll just add 8 hotels are ranked 1, and 5 hotels are ranked 2 on STR. There are a couple of 
hotels where we don't have benchmarking data. For example, Vanyavilas doesn't have benchmarking 
data. Maidens doesn't have benchmarking data on STR. So, those hotels have been excluded because we 
don't have a comp set for those few hotels. But also, hotels that are small with very small room inventory 
as well. 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
4 
 
Q2 RevPAR Y-o-Y growth by Hotel Positioning: 
If you look at the Q2 RevPAR growth in the industry, the industry growth was an average of 5%. Oberoi 
Hotels, including owned and managed hotels grew at 7%. And “The Oberoi” hotels led the growth with 
5%. 
Considering that overall, as a Group, we are able to manage even a higher RevPAR growth versus 
industry, shows the fact that the luxury and the upper upscale segment continue to be much in demand 
and is showing a much higher ARR growth in the higher end segment of the hospitality.  
On Trident, we only saw 1% growth vs last year. This was mainly due to large number of weddings 
which took place last year as compared to fewer number of weddings this year. 
Other than that, if you look at the overall summary, EIH hotels continue to lead in RevPAR growth 
versus the industry.  
Q2 ARR/Occupancy trends by month: 
When we look at month-wise occupancy across the last three months, occupancy in July was better than 
last year, but flattened out in August mainly because of excessive rains and actually also resulted in a 
lower occupancy in the month of September, mainly impacted by the excessive rains and the flood 
situation in northern and middle India. 
    On an overall basis, we were at flat occupancy versus last year at 72%. But in spite of occupancy being 
flat, we were able to drive our ARR higher by 7% than last year. And the growth mainly came in September.  
Q2 RevPAR Y-o-Y growth by city: 
This is the slide which talks about the RevPAR growth by city for Q2. 
We saw declines in Jaipur, Mumbai, Shimla, Chandigarh and Udaipur, while the other cities still 
continued to grow in RevPAR. Jaipur Hotel was partially under renovation, which impacted the RevPAR 
growth. Same thing was there for Mumbai where some floors were getting refurbished and due to that 
we had a lower RevPAR growth in Mumbai. 
At the same time, Shimla and Chandigarh got impacted by excessive rains, which we saw both in Punjab 
as well as in the Himachal Pradesh, which resulted in decline in occupancy as well as the rates. Udaipur 
was lower mainly due to lower number of air passengers in Udaipur market. 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Just to add, DGCA data showed a 15% decline in passenger travel to and from Udaipur, which is quite 
a large number. This is for Q2. 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Room Revenue Trends: 
More or less the trends were in line with last year. We didn't see a major increase or decrease, most of 
them in the same pattern as we have seen over the last few years. 
We saw some increase in leisure segment in Q2 as compared to last year, while the MICE activity was 
down, because of lower number of weddings and that was because of lower number of auspicious dates,  
in Q2 as compared to last year. Otherwise, on direct and corporate, we almost saw the same trend, no 
change in movement versus last year.  

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
5 
 
Financial Performance – Q2FY26: 
We will move to the financial performance for Q2. 
Q2 Consolidated Performance: 
If we look at Q2 performance, FY26 as compared to last year, we saw a revenue increase of 2% while 
there was a drop in EBITDA by 9% and this was mainly impacted by The Oberoi Grand and Oberoi 
Airport Services not being in current year, which led to a lower EBITDA as compared to last year.  
Q2 Standalone Performance:  
On standalone, it is the same, those two impacts were there. We saw the same trends as was for 
consolidated. 
And maybe one thing I missed in one of the slides before was on the international market. We saw a 
good healthy RevPAR growth in our international hotels, where we saw roughly 7% to 8% increase in 
RevPAR growth in our international portfolio.  
Funds Position – Consolidated: 
We continue to have a good cash reserve and have continued to build on cash reserves in the last few 
years. 
Overall, healthy position to drive both our organic growth and support further expansions in the coming 
year.  
Performance Highlights (Consolidated): 
Q2 performance, overall revenue was up 2% versus last year, while EBITDA was lower by 9% as 
compared to last year. Mainly impacted by The Oberoi Grand and Oberoi Airport Services, Mumbai not 
being there.  
On PAT, we were down 12% versus last year mainly coming from EBIDTA decline. 
If we look at consolidated performance for H1, and considering that we saw couple of shifts between 
Q1 and Q2 between last year and current year. H1 data is more reflective of the operational performance, 
where we saw an increase of 5% in Revenue and 6% increase in EBITDA. This is despite Oberoi Grand 
operations as well as Oberoi Airport services. Healthy in terms of revenue and EBITDA, but we had a 
one-time impact in Q1, which was Mashobra settlement. There was a one-time impact of 102 crores that 
resulted in a year-over-year decline in profit by 33%. 
Awards & Accolades: 
Oberoi Group continues to be recognized for exceptional quality and service. We have got notched quite 
a few awards in last six months.  
We have got Telegraph Travel Awards for UK. 
We got Travel and Leisure Award, USA World’s Best Awards, where four of our hotels were ranked 
among the top five best resorts in India.  
And we continue to also get quite some accolades for our restaurants. Eight restaurants in the Oberoi 
Group have featured on the list of India's finest restaurants. 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
6 
 
Expansion Plans: 
  
Hotel Development Pipeline: 
Overall, we are looking at a total of 27 properties with 2,100 keys addition, which will be effective by 
2030. 
Out of this, 17 are “The Oberoi” Hotels, 7 are Trident Hotels, 3 luxury boats and 1 Nile cruiser. 
Out of the 27, 18 would be domestic and 9 will be international. There will be a mix of both owned and 
managed. In owned, it will include our joint ventures and associates. 19 Managed properties will be 
added by 2030.  
We have additions happening every year, most of the additions will come in the year 2028 & 2029.  
Just to add “The Oberoi” Rajgarh Palace is almost ready. We have 66 keys and this will become 
operational from 16th November. Considering the current trends, we see a very healthy interest in our 
property from our guests. 
Business Footprint: 
This is the business footprint with our national presence, both in Oberoi and Trident. We have 3,700 
keys all over India. On international side, we have 6 hotels with 408 keys under Oberoi brand across 
different destinations. 
And that's it. I'm through with my part, Navin, back to you. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thanks, Vineet. Thank you, Vikram.   
Friends, we now open the floor for the Q&A session. Anyone wanting to ask a question, please raise 
your hand and we'll take it up. 
We take the first question from Amit Agarwal. Amit, please go ahead. I think Amit may be on mute. 
Amit, please go ahead. No, Amit, we can't hear you. You're very faint. Amit, maybe you can just fix 
your mic and we'll come back to you.  
We'll take the next question from Deepak. Deepak, please go ahead. 
Give me a minute. I think these guys are having some problem. Madhav, I've unmuted you. Please go 
ahead. Madhav Agarwal. 
Mr. Madhav Agarwal – Participant: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. 
So, sir, I wanted to know that if I remember correctly, in the previous quarter, you mentioned that there 
won't be any exceptional items going ahead. But in the current quarter also, we have seen. So, now going 
ahead, would there be any exceptional losses? 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
The exceptional items was mainly in Q1. What you see is the H1 number where you're seeing the same 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
7 
 
impact which was there in Q1. We had few exceptional items in Q2, but the impact of it is not high in 
value. 
Mr. Madhav Agarwal – Participant: 
Okay. And, sir, I just wanted some clarity on the owned hotels that are in the pipeline. I just wanted to 
know that we have 7 hotels, right, in the pipeline, owned hotels. So, these hotels will come under which 
entity? So, if I am correct, then the Andhra Pradesh hotels, The Oberoi and The Trident, they will come 
under Mumtaz, right? 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Tirupati and Gandikota will come under Mumtaz.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Vizag would be under EIH Associated Hotels, and then in Bangalore, both under EIH. In Bangalore, we 
have a prime site overlooking Hebbal Lake and with a development potential of about 1.3 million square 
feet. And in that it's a mixed use development, which will comprise an Oberoi and a Trident hotel, which 
were listed in the chart on expansion of new hotels. And also, mixed use commercial with F&B as well. 
So that's a large development with 1.3 million square feet and 2 hotels plus commercial space.  
Mr. Madhav Agarwal – Participant: 
Right.  So, sir, these two hotels will come under standalone or any particular subsidiary? 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd:  
Standalone.   
Mr. Madhav Agarwal – Participant: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Very helpful. And, sir, you have one more subsidiary, Oberoi Kerala Hotels, right? So, 
what is there in that particular subsidiary? I know the amount is very small, but still just to get an 
understanding. 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
There are no expansion plans under that at present.  
Mr. Madhav Agarwal – Participant: 
Okay.  And, sir, just a final question on the T20 World Cup. So, any particular hotels you see, like, are 
you expecting any meaningful, you know, surge in occupancies and ARRs due to the World Cup that is 
upcoming?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd:  
Yeah, I think historically what we found is when any events are taking place in India and in particular 
cities, you always see an increased demand, which allows you to take rates up. And we expect that to be 
the same this year as well.  
Mr. Madhav Agarwal – Participant: 
Okay, sir, got it. Thank you. 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
8 
 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Thank you so much, Madhav. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thank you, Madhav. We'll take the next question from Amit. Amit, please go ahead. I guess he's still 
facing some issues. Yeah, Amit, please go ahead. You're not audible at all.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Maybe Amit could type his questions in if that's easier.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd:  
Yeah, Amit, maybe you can put your question on chat and we'll take it up. 
We'll move on to Vikas Ahuja. Vikas, please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
Mr. Vikas Ahuja - Participant: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yes, Vikas, you can go ahead.  
Mr. Vikas Ahuja - Participant: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. So, my first question is, you know, if I look at last quarter, our ARR growth was 
very, very strong. It was around 26-27%. Now, I understand with all the reasons we have mentioned, the 
war, air India crash. Now, what we are seeing in the last two months, especially in August, and then we 
have witnessed double-digit growth in September. Is it fair to assume that things will improve going 
forward? Given the underlying demand, which has been strong, and we have mentioned that in the 
presentation, except for October, which may be temporarily affected by Diwali, because last time it was 
in November. Can we assume a double-digit coming back to that double-digit growth trajectory in terms 
of ARR in the second half? 
And my second question is while certain markets are performing strongly for the peers, we have reported 
a RevPAR growth of mid-single digits. So, can you explain this disconnect?  
Thank you. 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
So, let me take the first part first. We're in the month of November and fortunately, demand both across 
city and leisure locations is strong. We've been able to command high rates in those markets. And I have 
no reason to believe that that is going to change, all things considered today. So, to answer your first 
question, we're positive about the rest of the year. And I'd also like to point out that we don't discount as 
much as the market does. And we don't go below certain thresholds. And in summer months, obviously, 
if there's a depressed market, we don't do heavy discounting, we therefore see the impact more than 
others do. And if you go through historical trends from previous presentations, and even go back to 
COVID, you will see that because we just don't go down and we don't want to discount so heavily that 
impacts the brand positioning of our hotels. 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
9 
 
In the winter months, which typically start in October through to March, we see increased demand. Some 
of that comes from increased foreign travel into India and into locations where we have hotels. So, we 
should be able to, provided the demand remains strong, command a considerable premium over our 
competitors. 
 
Regarding your second question, I really, I can't or I would choose not to answer that question because 
I don't want to comment on competitors. You have far greater insight of the competitors than I do. And 
you'd have the benefit of the presentation from IHCL and ITC. And I'm sure that you can determine their 
performance relative to ours. 
Mr. Vikas Ahuja - Participant: 
No, no, sir. I understand. I was just trying to know if there is any one-off, because even if I look at the 
HVS data, the industry data trends also, it's talking about a double-digit growth in Hyderabad and 
Bangalore. But we have reported muted. So just trying to understand maybe, you know, it was more of 
a one-off for us this quarter or something like that.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah, I would say that, again, we don't discount as heavily as our competitors. And again, if I just refer 
to the STR data for Q2 that Vineet shared in his presentation, you can see that 8 hotels were STR 1, 5 
were, if I remember correctly, STR 2. And that's a total of 15 hotels that participate in STR data where 
we have a comp set defined.  
Mr. Vikas Ahuja - Participant: 
Fair enough, sir. Thanks a lot and wish you luck for the second half.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Thank you so much. Really appreciate it. Thank you. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
We take the next question from Raghav Malik. Raghav, please go ahead. 
Mr. Raghav Malik - Participant: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, firstly, on your, just on your key wedding markets, 
essentially you said that Jaipur was under renovation this quarter and Udaipur you're seeing, you know, 
some lower packs. So, any indication that you could give on early wedding linked demand, like how 
that's tracking for the upcoming current quarter?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
So very strong demand for weddings in the coming quarter. We see anyway increase in weddings. And 
maybe it's worth pointing out just a couple of things. Udaivilas particularly, and Trident as well, in 
Udaipur, really the focus is on weddings in winter where we command very high rates. And these are 
buyouts of the hotel. We're also seeing strong demand in Sukhvilas, in fact, month of November has lot 
of wedding dates. So, there's strong demand for weddings that we're experiencing in Q3.  
Mr. Raghav Malik - Participant: 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
10 
 
And is the Jaipur renovation completed now? 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yes. We had a significant part of our room inventory under renovation and that's been concluded. What 
we've added is 6 pools to our luxury tents. We've redone all our luxury tents. And the bar has been redone 
as well. The bar will be finished in the next week to 10 days.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
And just to add that the hotel or the renovation site which you're talking about is here at Rajvilas. The 
Trident Jaipur has gone under renovation and that will only come next year, back in operation.   
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
And maybe one other thing that I can add, and this really relates to how India is changing. So we've 
opened reservations for the rooms and tents that have pools at Rajvilas. And we've seen extremely strong 
demand at very high rates for this category of rooms. So, we're able to get a considerable premium on 
the high-end accommodation that we offer at substantially higher rates than base category rooms. And 
even the base category rooms in our leisure hotels, and Oberoi leisure hotels is still considerable. And 
that's really a positive sign about how the market is changing. And this is particularly in winter months 
and how our guests are willing to spend and pay a premium for higher end accommodation within our 
hotels.  
Mr. Raghav Malik - Participant: 
Sure. Thank you. And my second question was just specific to the Mumbai market. Now, I know that 
you had some renovation here as well. So, there was some impact from that perspective. But just, you 
know, X of that, maybe how are Mumbai ARRs and occupancies both tracking? Because what we've 
seen is that across, you know, competitors as well, there's definitely been impact in the Mumbai market 
specifically this quarter. So, is that more of a structural issue now with extra supply?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Maybe I could throw some light on that. I'll give you some information and then you can draw your 
conclusions on Bombay. 
So, at The Oberoi Bombay, we have 21 keys per floor and we had two floors that were under renovation. 
The room inventory for The Oberoi Bombay is 237 keys and rooms and suites. So, roughly just over 40 
keys were out of inventory, although they staggered over Q2. We've upgraded those rooms and those 
rooms are back into inventory. We also didn't take those rooms because this is a relatively short period 
of renovation. So, we still were giving our occupancy on the full room inventory of 237 in accordance 
with the regulations that STR specify. So, if there's a short-term decline in inventory, you still operate 
on full inventory, which is what we've done.  
At Trident Nariman Point, and this is significant, Trident Nariman Point is 585 keys and therefore 
represents a large part of South Bombay's room inventory. And we had last year, 120 rooms that were 
out of renovation. And because that renovation was for the entire six months of the year, those rooms 
were taken out of inventory in accordance with STR guidelines. So that entire inventory came back. And 
I can very happily say that we saw strong growth actually in room nights sold at Trident Nariman Point 
with the 120 rooms coming back. And that may skew data because inventory was compressed last year. 
Perhaps other hotels in Bombay may have also taken rooms under renovation. 
Typically, our endeavor is to bring all room inventory back for the winter months where we see stronger 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
11 
 
demand. And I presume our competitors would try and do the same. So, you may not be comparing a 
like-to-like comparison when you look at H1 this year or Q2 this year versus the corresponding period 
last year. 
Mr. Raghav Malik - Participant: 
Sure. Thank you, that’s very detailed. I will come back in the queue, thank you. 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD & CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Sure. Thanks so much. Thank you, Raghav. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Friends, anyone wishing to ask a question, requesting you to raise your hand and we will take it up. 
Vikram, may I read out some questions from the Q&A board, please? 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Sure, please. Absolutely. Thank you.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Mehul wants to know the ARR and occupancy for owned hotels this quarter.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
I don't have that.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
I'll share that. The occupancy for hotels owned for Q2 was 75% and ARR was 17,168.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thanks Vineet. Mehul, I hope that answers your question. Amit, who's been struggling to get online, he 
has a couple of points. Congratulations on the opening of Rajgarh Hotel and the bar and restaurant at the 
Gurgaon property.  How do we do the accounting for the bar and restaurant for Gurgaon property as the 
property doesn't belong to us?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
So absolutely, both those hotels, both the Trident in Gurgaon and the Oberoi Gurgaon are managed 
hotels. The bar and restaurants are taken into F&B revenue, which contribute to the gross operating 
profit of the hotel on which we get a management fee. And that excludes the sales and marketing fee 
and base management fee which is in addition to that. So it's a simple management contract. And our 
management contracts are structured in line with what the market is in India.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Are the new openings on lease basis or royalty basis?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Sorry, I'm not clear on the question.  

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
12 
 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
The opening of the Rajgarh Hotel  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Oh, okay. Rajgarh is a long-term lease.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
The second question is regarding the London property. In the last conference, we mentioned that we 
need to offload some equity there. Any reason for the same as we have huge cash flows every year and 
we don't need to be so conservative?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Well, actually, we would like to look at other opportunities outside of India. I'm going to highlight some 
locations. Please, I don't want you to interpret from that that we have anything that we're looking at, at 
this point. And when we do, of course, we’ll share that with the stock exchange and yourselves on 
Investor Calls.  
But for example, the Maldives is a location where you have very high rates, very affluent travel. I mean, 
Maldives luxury hotels operate at $2,000 plus a night, and it's right in our neighborhood. So that would 
be an example of a location we'd like to be in, amongst others. And therefore, freeing up capital that 
allows us to take an equity position in development of hotels in high yielding destinations in the region, 
where particularly labour costs are relatively low, rates are relatively high, and therefore you have strong 
margins, is something that we should absolutely look at.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
And I would say also that there's no plans to offload any equity as of now. But this is in future depending 
on the cash flow. So as of now, there's no plan. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
I hope things are clear, Amit? Vineet Bajaj has a question. Could you please provide a bifurcation of the 
total owned keys, domestic and international, out of the total 4,144 keys? A bifurcation of the total 
owned keys, domestic and international.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
We will give you those numbers, just give us some time.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah, Vineet will give that to you. But we can perhaps continue and we can share that once Vineet has 
the precise numbers.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Yes. 
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
So while Vineet pulls out the numbers, can we just move on to the next question, Vikram?  

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
13 
 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Sure, yeah, absolutely. That was my suggestion. Thanks, Navin.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Prashant wants to know, Prashant says, hello Mr. Kapur and Mr. Oberoi. What are the company's plans 
for addressing upcoming demand in the Navi Mumbai micro market?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Nothing to share at this point. But I think with the airport opening, connectivity being so good, it's a very 
important market for us to be present in. And as and when we have anything to share, of course we will.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Pratik Oza: With a very healthy cash position of Rs. 1,057 crores as of September 30th, could you outline 
our total CapEx guidance for the owned hotels of this pipeline over the next three to five years?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
I don't think we do get give guidance.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
I won't be able to share the specifics. Considering the fact that our expansion in Goa is going to start 
soon and also the work will start for Hebbal project, there'll be an average Capex spend of around Rs.400 
to 500 crores every year.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
As a follow-up, for the 19 managed properties, what is the typical margin or revenue share profile we 
should model for these assets? And will this capital light expansion be margin accretive to the 
consolidated business?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
I'm sorry, I can't give you details of our management contracts and the terms, or the financial terms and 
conditions of our management contracts. I apologize for that. But with owned versus managed hotels, I 
mean, the analysts know our business so well. And management fees for managed hotels is pale 
comparison to owned hotels, and that's industry-wide. Having said that, management contracts are 
important for a number of reasons. They allow you to expand without deploying capital, but using your 
intellectual expertise in managing hotels, and I'd like to think that that's something we do very well, and 
give very strong returns to our owners of hotels. That's number one, and that's also reflected in our STR 
data. So incidentally, our Gurgaon hotels are both STR 1. So that's the first thing I'd say.  
The second thing I'd say, is that when you take on additional hotels, your cost structures don't increase 
proportionately. So the flow through to bottom line is considerable, and you'll see that with the details 
of the industry on managed hotels that the industry players have. So, there's considerable advantage in 
looking at managed hotels and equally deploying capital for owned hotels as well. But obviously EIH 
would also own and manage.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
14 
 
And just to answer the question, will there be margin-accretive? Yes, they will be margin-accretive. Of 
course, the percentage will be on the low side.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
We'll rush to the next few questions because we're running out of time. Do you see the industry upcycle 
of last three to four years now plateauing or slowing down, especially in India? ARR and RevPAR 
growth across industry seems to be flattening or slowing down. What's your view on where we are in 
the industry cycle?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
And my response to that would be that really, since our business is, or the hotel business in India is 
cyclical, with the winter months contributing significantly more than the summer months. I'd really wait 
till the end of this year to answer that question. We still remain positive about being able to drive rate 
and at high occupancies from October to March.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
And I'd just like to add one more thing there. For sure, at this moment, considering the demand is 
outstripping the supply, we will continue to see at least a gap for the next one or two years. So, 
considering the demand from upper and middle class as well as HNI will continue, we'll see at least a 
good benefit on ARR on account of that.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah, I think Vineet makes a very good point. And I would say that you will see demand outstripping 
supply for a number of years. Just the time it takes to develop a hotel, I see that gap increasing over a 
period of time. And I would give a longer perspective. I mean, I could be wrong, but I would give a 
much longer perspective for that, possibly five years or even higher.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Ashok wants to ask, is the occupancy of 75% and 17,168 standalone, or does it include hotels owned by 
subsidiaries?  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
So, this would be EIH owned domestic hotels. It will not include subsidiaries and associates. It will be 
on standalone basis.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Vaishnavi Gurang: How do Q3 and Q4 look for us in terms of revenue growth? Apart from wedding 
season, any other factor that can drive the growth? Sir, if you can help with EBITDA guidance for FY26? 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah, I'll take the second part of the question first. We don't give guidances. But to answer the first part, 
there's, of course, weddings, which are an important segment for a number of our hotels, and also foreign 
travel that comes in between October and March of every financial year. So those are two And if you 
see, typically, in the summer months foreign travel, that'll be reflected in the number of foreign arrivals 
into India. April to October is relatively subdued with substantial increases in foreign arrivals staying at 
our hotels in the winter months, which are from October to March.  

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
15 
 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
And Navin, just the question which was asked before, which was the bifurcation between the owned and 
international of the 4,144 keys. Out of the 4,144, EIH keys will be 2108, EIHA will be 784, Mumtaz is 
102. Other managed properties in domestic would be 742. And if you look at international, owned will 
be 279 and managed would be 129. That is the breakdown of 4,144 keys.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thanks, Vineet. The question was also from Vineet Bajaj. I hope that answers your question. Okay, last 
two questions on the board. Can you talk about drivers of year-over-year increase in employee benefit 
cost and costs associated with consumption of provisions, wines, and others?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Sorry, Navin you'll have to repeat the question.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Can you talk about the drivers of year-over-year increase in employee benefit cost and costs associated 
with consumption of provisions, wines and others.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Okay, so I'll take the employee cost first. And I may say a few things that are not very popular, but I will 
still say them because I feel so strongly about it. Let me just go back to, yeah. So, our industry really is 
one where people spend extremely long hours at work. I mean, it's 12 -hour work days and even higher. 
That is something that is commonplace in our industry. And with that, if you look at data for IHM 
admissions, number of applicants, less and less people are looking at hospitality as a career. And if those 
people even go to hotel school, many of them join retail and other services that are related to hospitality. 
And we've taken a conscious decision to, if we say people are our most important asset, which we say 
and we believe that to be true, then really, this is something that we must address for ourselves. And I 
hope others in the industry will address it as well. Because if we want to attract the best talent into 
hospitality, we need to give people conditions that reflect that. And sadly, our industry has not done that 
in the past and continues not to do that. And we really want to move away from that. And with that, you 
will see increased levels of manning, both at entry level supervisory and entry level managers as well - 
restaurant managers, duty managers, etc. So this is the commitment that we’ve made to our people.  
On food & beverage, I think, and I haven't looked at the numbers, but I'm going to still answer that 
question. The airport, the Oberoi Airport Services business operated on extremely high margins and 
large amounts of revenue, and that may have skewed the numbers somewhat as well. But our costs in 
terms of food cost and beverage cost at hotels is something we watch very closely and that continues to 
be in line. Vineet, I don't know if you have anything further to add to that.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Overall, if I look at the employee benefits costs, it's a normal increase in the range of 8-8.5%, which is 
normal increase in industry. We were having a little higher headcount, considering we were going to 
open Rajgarh and therefore we had some cost related to that. We have also increased our strength in 
couple of areas where we wanted to improve on, and that's coming with that.  
If I look at from a consumption perspective, there is a mild increase in consumption percentage 
happening because our flight Services business has replaced our lounge business in overall revenue 
terms. But due to the fact that Flight Services business margins are lower as compared to Airport 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
16 
 
Services, you see an impact, where our overall cost has gone up from 68.2% to 69.1%, and margin has 
declined by a mere 1%. That's because of the mix change, and also the mix change between our hotels. 
We should see a good improvement coming through in Q3.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Friends, we're running out of time. So I'll probably take the last 2-3 questions by participants. We'll take 
Amit Kadam. Amit, please go ahead. Amit, please unmute yourself and go ahead.  
Mr. Amit Kadam – Participant: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for giving me this opportunity. So my first question is on this Oberoi Grand, Kolkata. 
When is it supposed to come back? I'm sorry if it was answered, can you just help me remember?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
It's actually going to open in two phases. And if you just maybe go back, I don't know if you can go back 
to the slide. But we're going to open in two phases with the hotel. I don't know if you're familiar with 
the hotel, but we have a wing called the Chowringhee wing, which will open first with public areas and 
the restaurants. And then the balance of the rooms other than the Chowringhee, will open subsequently. 
I don't recall the exact months in which it'll open, but Vineet, do you have that?  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
It'll come in October, October of next year.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd:  
And that's phase 1. 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
That's phase 1. And then, in another couple of months’ time, we'll all see the full hotel coming in 
operation.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
I think the full hotel will take probably another minimum of 8 to 12 months to open after that, because 
that's a sizeable part of the area. Chowringhee has approximately 50 keys, or largely suites, and the 
balance 150 odd keys will open subsequently.  
But I also wanted to add a couple of other things, maybe of not such relevance to an investor call, but 
still important for us. The Grand is a magnificent heritage building. This building is well over a century 
old, and anytime you go for a renovation, and this is a complete renovation, we need to ensure we do 
everything to meet, to strengthen the hotel structurally, so from a safety point of view, the hotel will 
remain good for the foreseeable future, and also conform to all safety standards that are essential for our 
guests in today's environment. So, a restoration project is complex on its own. And you consider the 
other factors that are highlighted. It's something that we do with great care, and we don't want to do 
anything that will take away from this incredible heritage and historic building.  
Mr. Amit Kadam – Participant: 
Got it. I appreciate that. Secondly, just quickly, can you just run through… you covered FTA, but like 
some MICE events. You covered wedding, you covered a little bit of FTA. I just wanted to understand 
from the MICE events, because that's another thing which provides a tailwind to the entire segment, like 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
17 
 
maybe Trident, where that is very important. So how those things are picking up? How that is scheduled, 
for next few months as the MICE also picks up in this second half? And just, if you can also help me, I 
understand you don't give guidance, but looking at the Q2 where the ARR growth in this challenging 
quarter was still 7%, should we be optimistic that in this challenging quarter also 7% was there? And if 
the better times are lying ahead, we should be really little better off, from an indicative, not exact number, 
yeah.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah, no, I understand both questions. I covered that very briefly, MICE in Q3 is strong, both at Oberoi 
and Trident Hotels. And at Oberoi Hotels, and actually even at Trident Hotels, the premium for wedding-
related business is significant over other segments. So it's a very important segment, maybe not in terms 
of room nights, but contribution both to room revenue and to food & beverage revenue as well. Food & 
beverage revenue is substantially higher for MICE than it is for our other segments. And Q3 looks very 
positive. So that's as far as MICE goes.  
As far as ARR goes, I don't believe Q3 is going to be any different to Q3 of previous years. And at least 
my indication, despite the tragic situation we had a few days ago in Delhi, I think demand for foreign 
travel into India will still be positive and that will allow us to substantially take up rates and RevPAR. 
Mr. Amit Kadam – Participant: 
 Got it. Thank you for all those answers and all the best.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Cheers. Thanks so much.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thank you, Amit. Vineet, do we have another 5 -7 minutes? There are a whole lot of questions. Maybe, 
2-3.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Sure, go ahead.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
We’ll take the follow up question from Madhav. Madhav, just one question please. There are others 
waiting.  
Mr. Madhav – Participant: 
Yes, okay. So sir, just wanted to know, within your owned hotels, are there any hotels where the land is 
not owned by you and it is leased? Why I am asking is, because if it is leased, then it becomes more 
prevalent to look at pre IndAS margins, right? So, from that perspective, I am asking, is it that lease 
expenses is a significant part of your P&L? So, just some colour on that. And just a follow-up on the 
previous question. The Rajgarh Palace, this would come in the standalone and the Goa property? So 
these two I just wanted 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
I am going to show you, so maybe just for helping out everybody, if I just look at the pipeline, I'll just 
mention. When we say ‘owned’ Oberoi Rajgarh would be EIH owned. Trident, Vizag would be under 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
18 
 
EIH Associated Hotels. Oberoi Goa, Cavelossim will be EIH. Gandikota will be under Mumtaz. Oberoi 
London is EIH, and Trident Tirupati is under Mumtaz. Oberoi Hebbal and Trident Hebbal would be EIH 
owned. So hopefully that will help everybody. 
Mr. Madhav – Participant: 
Very helpful, sir. 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
And what we haven't mentioned there, but I think it's significant, is for Hebbal is also the commercial. I 
mentioned about 1.3 million square feet is the development. And you can see the number of keys for 
Oberoi and Trident, which will not be significant in the overall square footage. So there's a commercial 
aspect to that as well. It's a mixed-use development. 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
And we have very few hotels on lease, and they also are also on long term lease. Land is owned by EIH 
for most of the hotels. 
Mr. Madhav – Participant: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thank you, Madhav. We'll take the next question from Rajiv Bharti. Rajiv, please go ahead. 
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, can you call out what is the CapEx on Rajgarh, 
which you're capitalizing? 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
We don't typically share CapEx, but I think it's fairly easy to work out. You take the number of keys, 
you can get data that tells you what a luxury hotel cost of development is, so you can work it out. But 
we don't disclose those figures. 
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
Sure. And on the Flight Services revenue, can you call out what is the quantum this time and what is the 
growth in that? 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
I would say, OFS business will be in the range of 120 to 125 crores for this quarter. And we have seen 
almost a growth of 30 to 35% in the quarter versus last year.  
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
Sure. And what is the current arrangement with Wildflower Hall in terms of accounting wise? 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Do you want to take that, or do you want me to? 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
19 
 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
So, considering we are running the hotel under an Operation & Management, and we are paying a lease 
to the Himachal government on a monthly basis. This agreement is valid till March of 2026. Way 
forward, at least at this moment, we have still not seen the process of auction going ahead. So, we're still 
waiting for that to happen.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Or, possibly if the bidding process starts soon, and that could be earlier than the end of March, whichever 
one comes first. We're not going to give the figure, right? Yeah. Okay.  
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
But in terms of profitability, is it still profitable after adjusting for the lease? 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
So, you know, there have been a couple of things. One is, of course, this year, Himachal was impacted 
by very heavy rain. And although the roads weren't so bad, but just the perception was. There weren't as 
many landslides on the road this year, but the perception, people just didn't travel to Himachal. And we 
can see that both in the figures of Cecil, where we are incidentally STR 1, and there are other competitors, 
well-known competitors in that comp set. So we know the market has been depressed for everybody 
when we look at STR data. So, Wildflower Hall was impacted by that.  
But the other thing also that impacts reservations is people unsure of the hotel's future. And with lack of 
clarity on whether it'll continue to be an Oberoi hotel or not into the future, they are reluctant to make 
reservations. We've got that feedback when people call our call center. And those are people that call; 
there may be many others who don't even call. So, we have seen a decline in occupancy at Wildflower 
Hall as a result of these two reasons.  
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
Sorry, I should have clarified. So, if we were to, let's say, clock 78 crores revenue like last year, because 
of the lease arrangement you have, will Wildflower Hall still remain profitable? That was my question. 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
It will be difficult to share that. 
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
Okay. Lastly, on Oberoi Grand, what is the drag on the OpEx side from this, since revenue is not coming? 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
We don't share... Again, I'll let Vineet, but we typically don't share.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
If your again looking at Wildflower Hall. 
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
No, no, this is for Grand. So, what's the impact?  

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
20 
 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
It's not a big impact, considering we have already moved most of our people to our other hotels. We are 
running with a very minimum manning at the hotel, so it's not a very big drag on the OpEx.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Oh, I see. That was the question? Okay, I misunderstood.  
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
So because you called out a 9% adjusted growth, I was wondering, if you were to strip out associated 
costs, what would it have been? 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
The reason for that adjustment is only when we compare versus last year. Last year we had revenues 
coming from Grand till the middle of the current year, which we didn't have this year. So that was only 
for like-for-like comparison; it's not because of the drag in OpEx.  
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
Okay. Just one thing. On the international side, I can see that after several quarters we are seeing only 
8% RevPAR growth versus the 20% what we had seen for the last several quarters. What's happening 
there? 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
I would say our hotels in Marrakesh, Egypt, and Mauritius are doing much better. Basically, last year 
we had the same impact of the Israel-Palestine conflict, which affected lot of these countries. So that 
situation is stabilizing, and we are seeing good growth coming from all those markets. That is what is 
driving the 8% RevPAR growth, mainly coming from these three markets. 
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
But the point is, there's a deceleration versus the 20% from last quarter in Q1 versus 8% now. 
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Yeah. So, overall, I would say on a quarter-to-quarter basis, you'll see that going down. Last quarter was 
a major impact because the impact was very high last year in that quarter. So, you'll see a gradual increase 
coming in on the hotels' performance.  
Mr. Rajiv Bharti – Participant: 
Sure. Thanks a lot, and all the best.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Raghav, Madhav, Mehul, Deepak, yours, I believe, are follow -up questions. May I request you to mail 
them to me, and I'll take it up with the management? We'll just take a few questions which have been 
posted by Sanjay Kohli on the Q&A board. Quick ones before we wind up. Is there any scope of using 
AI kind of software to enhance profitability?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
21 
 
I think AI is going to touch every part of our lives and every industry, substantially. And, there will be 
efficiencies that can be derived from AI. You can also improve through a deeper understanding of your 
guests, their needs and expectations. And also, I mean, in theory, at least you should be able to segment 
the market to one.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Any plans to start an online platform for hotel management courses and teaching etiquettes to the new 
emerging large middle class? Is there any opportunity here?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
I don't know how to answer that question, I think. So one of the things, you know, OCLD is an 
establishment that has turned out hospitality professionals across the industry since its opening, and not 
only in India, but internationally. And one of the things that we are applying our mind to is, what is it 
that we can do first to ensure that we attract the best talent? And education in hospitality is a key driver 
of that. So that's something that we are looking at. It's nothing that we've firmed up yet.  
And the second advantage of doing that is that we can contribute in a meaningful way to, first and 
foremost, the learning and development of people; help them learn, develop and grow in their careers by 
giving them a strong educational foundation in hospitality, and also contribute to the community and the 
hospitality sector.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
The final question, what is exciting and challenging for you, for your business in the near and mid-term 
future?  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
My personal, I haven't understood the question. What is… it's my personal view or Vineet's personal 
view?  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
I guess the question is what drives you.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Okay. Well, you know, I absolutely love what I do. And it is a large part of my life. And what I enjoy 
probably more than anything else is the wonderful people that I work with. So that's something I enjoy 
most. And I obviously interact with our guests, and we have equally lovely guests who are very loyal to 
us, who provide us regular feedback, and I deeply value the engagement that I share with them. Vineet, 
I'll let you answer the question as well.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
What's exciting is, of course, all the expansion plans; 27 properties coming on board. That, of course, 
keeps us on toes and for sure, we are looking forward for many more to come.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
In fact, Sanjay Kohli, who posted this question, is there. Sanjay, go ahead and ask your question if I 
didn't take it up rightly. Sanjay?  

 Q2FY26 Result Webinar Transcript 
 
 
 
22 
 
Anyway, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. We've run out of time. I'd like to hand over the 
webinar back to Vikram and Vineet for their closing remarks.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Thanks, Navin. And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for all your questions. I hope we were able to 
answer most of them. I apologize that we were somewhat reserved in answering some of the questions, 
so do forgive us for that. And like I said, I hope Q3 is as good as we think it'll be, and the rest of the year 
too. Q3 and Q4 are extremely important for the hospitality industry, and we are no exception to that. So 
thank you very, very much.  
Mr. Vineet Kapur - CFO, EIH Ltd: 
Thank you. Thanks a lot, everybody.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Thank you very much, Mr. Oberoi. Thank you very much, Mr. Kapur, for taking time out to patiently 
answer all the questions. And I look forward to hosting you again in the next quarter. Thank you.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
Thanks a lot.  
Mr. Navin Agrawal - Head - Institutional Equities, SKP Securities Ltd: 
Bye bye. Have a lovely evening.  
Mr. Vikram Oberoi - MD and CEO, EIH Ltd: 
You too. Bye bye.  
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
