 
इण्डियन ओवरसीज़ बैंक, 
ननवेशक संबंध कक्ष,केंन्द्रीय कायाालय, 
763 अण्णा सालै, चेन्नै 600 002 
044 – 7172 9791, 2888 9360| investor@iobnet.co.in 
 
 
 
Ref No. IRC/192/2025-26                                                                                        22.10.2025 
 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited, 
Floor 1, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
The Vice President, 
National Stock Exchange Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 532388 
NSE SCRIP CODE: IOB 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
                                     Transcript of Analyst Conference Call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations and NSE guidance note 
dated 29.07.2022, we enclose the transcript of Analyst Conference Call held on 
16.10.2025. 
 
Please take the above information on record and arrange for dissemination. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
(Ram Mohan K) 
Compliance officer                
RAM 
MOHAN K
Digitally signed by 
RAM MOHAN K 
Date: 2025.10.22 
19:52:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Indian Overseas Bank 
 
Investor Relations Conference Call” 
 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY KUMAR SRIVASTAVA – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – INDIAN 
OVERSEAS BANK 
 
MR. JOYDEEP DUTTA ROY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
INDIAN OVERSEAS BANK  
 
MR. DHANARAJ T – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – INDIAN 
OVERSEAS BANK 
 
MRS. SASIKALA PRABHU – DEPUTY GENERAL 
MANAGER – INDIAN OVERSEAS BANK 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SONALI PANDEY – VERITAS REPUTATION PR 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Investor Relations Call for Indian Overseas 
Bank, hosted by Veritas Reputation PR Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant line will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Sonali Pandey, from Veritas Reputation PR Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Pandey. 
Sonali Pandey: 
Good evening and welcome to Indian Overseas Bank conference call to discuss our financial 
results for quarter 2 financial year 2026, ended September 30, 2025. I am Sonali Pandey, and I 
will be guiding you through today's presentation. Indian Overseas Bank, IOB, headquartered in 
Chennai continues to strengthen its footprint across India with a robust network of 3,373 
branches, approximately 3,567 ATMs and 11,467 business correspondents. 
 
Internationally, IOB serves customers in Singapore, Hong Kong, Thailand and Sri Lanka, 
proudly catering to a growing base of 42 plus million active customers. Our comprehensive 
range of services includes personal, corporate and agriculture banking, along with credit cards, 
loans and insurance products. 
 
The financial results and related disclosures are available on our website and also have been 
filed with the Stock Exchanges. Before we begin, please note that today's discussion may include 
forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, that may impact actual 
outcomes. We encourage you to keep these factors in mind while evaluating the bank's 
performance. 
 
To discuss the results and address analyst queries, we have our management team with us on the 
call, including Shri Ajay Kumar Srivastava, MD and CEO, Indian Overseas Bank; Shri Joydeep 
Dutta Roy, Executive Director, Indian Overseas Bank; Shri Dhanaraj T., Executive Director, 
Indian Overseas Bank, Smt. Sasikala Prabhu, Deputy General Manager, Indian Overseas Bank. 
 
We will begin with an overview of the quarter 2 results, followed by a Q&A session. Now I will 
hand over the floor to Smt. Sasikala B Prabhu, Deputy General Manager. 
Sasikala B Prabhu: 
Thank you, Smt. Sonali. Good evening, all. I am pleased to present the overview of the bank's 
performance during quarter and the half year ended 30th September 2025. It's a proud moment 
for the bank today, the bank has reached a new milestone of recording and all- in high of net 
profit, INR 1,226 crores.  
For the quarter, it's 57.79% year-on-year increase. Regarding the performance of the bank for 
the half year ended 30th September 2025, Bank has achieved a business mix of INR 617,034 
crores, recording year-on-year growth over 14.1%. 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
CASA grown in absolute terms to INR 137,386 crores with a year-on-year growth rate of 4.17%. 
CASA ratio as on September '25, is recorded at 40.52%. Total deposit growth achieved at INR 
339,066 crores as on 30th September 2025, with a year-on-year growth of -- growth rate of 
9.15%. 
 
Growth advances -- grown year-on-year by 20.78% reaching INR 277,968 crores, against INR 
230,149 crores as at 30th September 2024. Bank has shown the operating profit of INR 2,400 
crores, registering a year-on-year growth of 12.78%. Net profit of the bank has increased by INR 
449 crores to INR 1,226 crores as on September 2025 as compared to INR 777 crores as on 
September 2024, recording a year-on-year growth of 57.79%. 
 
Provision coverage ratio improved to 97.48% as on 30 September 2025, as compared to 97.06% 
as on 30th September 2025. Capital adequacy ratio recorded at 17.94% against the regulatory 
requirement of 11.5%. Total income for the half year ended 30th September 2025 is recorded at 
INR 18,081 crores with a year-on-year increase by 8.6%. 
 
Total interest income for the quarter ended September 2025 is INR 7,849 crores and non-interest 
income of INR 1,365 crores. Net interest income increased by INR 521 crores to INR 3,059 
crores as on September 2025, as compared to INR 2,538 crores for last September 2024, 
registering a year-on-year growth of 20.53%. 
 
Net interest margin for the quarter ended September 2025, is 3.21% with increase of 13 bps 
compared to 3.08% as on September 2024. Cost-to-income ratio reduced to 45.76% with year-
on-year reduction of 321 bps, showing a substantial reduction. Globally, credit deposit ratio 
improved year-on-year by 789 bps and registered at 81.98%. 
 
With regard to the NPA management, gross NPA reduced from INR 6,249 crores to INR 5,078 
crores year-on-year basis, and net NPA reduced from INR 1,059 crores to INR 776 crores. Gross 
net NPA percentage has reduced by 89 bps year-on-year from 2.72% as on September '24 and 
reached 1.83% as on September 2025. Similarly, net NPA percentage has also reduced by 19 
bps year-on-year from 0.47% as on September 2024 and reached 0.28% as on September 2025. 
 
Total recovery from NPA during the quarter ended 30th September 2025 is INR 874 crores. Out 
of the total recovery, the recovery from technical write-off and set of accounts is INR 461 crores. 
Bank is steadily continuing the robust monitoring system in controlling slippages, slippage ratio 
for the quarter ended September 2025 is 0.11%. 
 
And with respect to the valuation, there is a significant improvement in return on assets, it is 
recorded at 1.2% for the quarter ended 30th September 2025 with 38 bps increase compared to 
the last year, 30th September 2024.  
With regard to the book value per share, it has improved to 13.13% for the September 2025, 
while the same was recorded at 10.04% for September 2024. There is a steep increase in the 
return on equity is 305 bps year-on-year currently and return on equity, 19.95% whereas for the 
last September 2024, it was 16.9%. 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
Earnings per share for 30th September 2025 is 0.64, it is improved by 56% from 0.41 for the last 
September 2024. And this is all about the performance of our bank, which is I wanted to present 
you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Dr. Ashok Ajmera, Chairman. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Congratulations, sir, Ajay Kumarji, Joydeep, all the entire team of Indian Overseas Bank for the 
very excellent results. In fact, in the half year only you have almost near to the targets of the 
whole year. Your credit growth in the first 6 months itself is 11.18%, deposit 8.7%, and overall 
business has gone up by around 9.8%. So excellent performance, sir, even on the profitability 
front, even on the asset quality front, and you are very comfortable on CRAR also. So my 
compliments to you for that. 
 
Having said that, sir, some few observations and some data points. One is, sir, now going ahead, 
now you have remaining 6 months still. So do we still maintain the same targets of 14%, 15% 
on the credit and 12% 13% on the deposit or looking at this performance of 6 months, you are 
going to upward revise these targets? Which can be very comfortably, according to me. So this 
is one -- just some light on this, your views on this. 
 
I have some specific questions, sir. We have this investment into the India International Bank of 
Malaysia, which is now voluntarily going for the winding up, I think we have an investment of 
about INR 200 crores, if I'm not wrong. And we have a provision of INR 6.13 crores. So what 
is the current status on that? Do we need to -- I mean, we'll get our entire money on this winding 
up process once it is complete? Or we'll have to take any hit on this? 
 
Secondly, sir, we have in this quarter, received a substantial amount of income tax refund. I think 
INR 1,141 crores, so what is the treatment given to that refund and where it is reflected actually 
in the overall accounts? So this is the another information which I am looking for. And a little 
bit on the SMA front, our slippage in this quarter is a little higher than the average slippages or 
even in the last quarter. 
 
So going forward, can you give some color on that SMA front as well as the asset quality, 
especially any issue with the agriculture loan or which is the, I mean, pain point in the credit 
book, if you can just little bit highlight? And one more is that in the GIFT City, I think we had 
a plan of SBU, is there any development and progress on that? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Okay. So thank you so much, sir. Thanks for the nice words in the beginning and the issues I 
will try to address one by one. So first thing about targets, you are saying that whatever we say 
is for the full year, we are almost there in half year only. What I have to say is that the guidance 
has been given in the beginning of the year, that guidance are not going to revise. But having 
said that, that guidance, whatever has been given that is the minimum which we want to do. 
Every year, it happens like that. 
 
For Maximum, there's no limit as such. And depending on the market dynamics and the type of 
proposal and the type of business we are getting, there will be no stopping or looking back on 
that. And this 12% is only the minimum thing, we can go up to 18%, 19%, 20% also depending 
on the kind of business and the market dynamic, whatever is available, we are open to that. But 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 5 of 14 
 
yes, having said that, the 12%, whatever guidance was there, I again repeating, that was the 
minimum part. Maximum, there is no limit as such. 
 
The second thing is about IIB Malaysia you are talking about. So all the approvals almost started 
are in place, the final approval is supposed to be received by the local regulator. And local 
regulator, and if we expect it to come maybe in this quarter, it should  come. The entire amount 
will come to us sir, around INR 200 crores. KPMG has already been appointed as liquidator and 
we are not expecting any hit on that. So around INR 200 crores whatever we have invested, that 
will come back to us as it is. 
 
Slippages, we have been able to control over a period of almost 2 years. If you look at our 
slippage ratio. Every quarter, it comes from 0.11% or 0.12%. The same way it will continue to 
be addressed. SMA, particularly, we have improved a lot. If you look at the numbers about 2, 3 
quarters before back, it was hovering around 7% to 8%. This quarter, it has come down to less 
than 6%. 
 
Most of our emphasis has been there on SMA-0, 1 and 2. And what is the strategy of the bank 
in arresting SMA is that, we are attacking those accounts in SMA-0 itself or maximum at SMA-
1 level. We do not intend to allow any account to go to SMA-2 level. So that way we are focusing 
on it and most of the accounts are getting regularized at SMA-0 or SMA-1 level. So right now, 
it is less than 6% of the total portfolio, and we intend to improve further on that. 
Regarding GIFT City, sir, we have already requested for permission. And I do expect that maybe 
in coming weeks that approval we'll get. And once approval is there, then of course, the branch 
will open in GIFT City. I hope I have addressed all questions, except income tax refund. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Income tax refund, sir? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
So this income tax refund of INR 1,141 crores has come to us. It has not gone to P&L, sir, it 
does not go P&L and profitability they were impacted because of that. This goes to one [ GL 
Head, that is tax paid account. And whatever demands are coming that also goes there only. It 
has got nothing to do with P&L and clearly, our P&L is not impacted by that. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
And sir, this coupled with the taxation, we are still under the old regime. And I think we have 
got about INR 3,000 crores, something on the GTA. So any calculation, sir, ballpark, this thing 
that when do we exactly go for the -- under the new regime of taxation, if this trend of the 
profitability continues... 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
You finish up, please. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes. So we are having a very good profitability. I think that this trend continues, I think we 
should soon go to the new tax regime? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Most probably, we'll be doing it in Q3, sir, most probably, or in the worst scenario, Q4. But this 
financial year, it is certainly going to happen. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
If I'm permitted one more thing. Sir, this kind of a credit growth, where are we looking at the 
growth other than the, of course, the retail portfolio, in which kind of segment, industry, whether 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 6 of 14 
 
it is the renewable or engineering or some core industries. Where are we finding the opportunity 
for this kind of credit growth and what is our sanction pipeline or the proposals are under process 
about this because this is all organic credit, which we are having. 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
As it's all organic credit growth, sir, it is happening all across retail, agriculture, MSME, 
everywhere healthy growth is happening. And for corporate book, we are having a sanction 
pipeline of around INR 15,000 crores. We see a different levels of disbursement stage. In this 
quarter, most of that will get disbursed.  
And I have said earlier also that out of almost 3,373 branches, only 15 branches do corporate 
lending, remaining all are eligible for doing business in retail, agri and MSME. So all these 3 
sectors, all branches across the geography. They are lending, they are getting good proposals. 
And accordingly, substantial growth, I will say, is happening in retail credit and agriculture and 
MSME. And the same trend, I see going forward also, it will happen and good and healthy credit 
growth that we are looking at for the 6 months. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Niteen S. Dharmawat from Aurum Capital. 
Niteen S. Dharmawat: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. Sir, first one is, sir, where the growth is coming from, which sectors? 
And where do you see any stress in any of the sectors that we are currently serving in domestic 
market? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
So the growth is coming all across, sir. It is coming in the form of retail, that is personal loans. 
MSME, mid-corporates and agriculture and in this geography, general loan also happened. So 
it's a mixed growth, there's not a single or 1 or 2 specific parameters significant growth is 
happening. It is all across all products and across all geographies. 
And regarding the second part of the stress, we do not see in our bank, I can say that we do not 
see any particular sector or product under stress. There are one and off individual cases where 
because of that individual type of problem, that particular unit or retail loan comes under the 
stress, but overall, as a product or as a sector, I mean any systemic stress, we are not observing 
so far. 
Niteen S. Dharmawat: 
Considering about our guidance, since the growth is very strong. And you mentioned that we 
continue to maintain the same guidance, which was there from the beginning, and that is the bare 
minimum and you would like to revise it. So let me rephrase the same question what my previous 
participant, Mr. Ajmera asked, what is the probability of building this guidance by another 50%? 
So for example, if our guidance is 10%, we'll achieve 15% overall, during the year, something 
like that. So by bidding 50%, so what are the chances do you see based on the performance in 
the last 2 quarters and the current buoyancy that you see in the market? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Yes, I can very safely say that against guidance of 12%, we'll be very comfortable in 17% or 
18% of growth. That we can foresee that it can happen and very comfortably, we'll be able to 
achieve that. And if you see year-on-year also last September to this September, credit growth 
is almost 20%. 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Niteen S. Dharmawat: 
Yes, sir. That's why I was a little surprised that you are not revising so I asked that question. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mr. Bimal Panchal from Bimal Panchal & Associates. 
Bimal Panchal: 
Heartiest congratulations for all round performance, whatever the things has to improve, it has 
improved, whatever things has to decline, decrease negatively, that has been decreased. Now 
just 2, 3 questions from my side. What is our branch expansion plan for the next 2, 3 years? And 
we often say that PSU banks prices are -- share prices are going up and lots of PSU banks have 
been mandated to come out with FPO, but that has not happened. And what is our plan for our 
banks to raise equity in the near future? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Okay. So I will start with branching opening, sir. Branch opening last year, we opened around 
101 branches, last financial year. This year, in this financial year, we have already opened 42 
new branches. And another around 240 branches are in the queue where all approvals have been 
given and they are in different stages of operationalization. And I do hope that these 234 
branches also in another 6 to 9 months, they will come into existence and physically they will 
start to operate. 
Bimal Panchal: 
In this continuation, what is the geographical diversification of this branch, that's coming? It will 
be well diversified or any concentrations? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
So it is all across the country and one particular aspect, which we have taken care of that, the 
districts where our bank is not existing. Those districts are the priority, and we are opening our 
branches in those districts where we are not there. That is the priority number one. And the 
second thing is that wherever business opportunities are there, we are opening. So it's all across 
geography, looking at the potential of the region where we can get substantial business. We are 
going for opening. 
And regarding FPO, of course, and QIP, if you remember, in Q4 of last year, in the month of 
February, March, we raised around INR 1,400 crores of capital through QIP from the market. 
And we are also -- we have got Board approval of INR 4,000 crores of raising capital through 
QIP. And maybe going forward, depending on the market situation, we'll be doing in Q4. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dr. Ashok Ajmera, Chairman, from Ajcon Global. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
I take a lot of interest in this bank. So rightfully, I deserve also some space. Sir, you are very 
kind in answering all earlier observations and question. Can you give some color on our -- 
because the way we are expanding our business and we are growing so fast.  
And now the branches also -- you said about -- almost about 240 more branches will soon come 
in, what kind of digital push which we are having for our bank, like a pan-India mainframe bank, 
are we fully equipped digitally and what plans?  
What kind of digital journeys, which we already completed or which are in pipeline and how is 
it going to benefit to the customers? And what kind of budget allocations and other things done 
on this entire tech, including the artificial intelligence and whatever is currently happening? 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Sir, we are not growing very aggressively and branch opening also. I will give you a little bit of 
background, if you remember from 2014 to 2021 was bank was in PCA. And during that period, 
we were not allowed to open a single branch and of course, because of PCA regulations. So 
those 7 golden years this bank has lost as far as physical expansion is concerned. Now since 
those bad days are over and last 3 years, we have been substantially improving quarter-on-
quarter and now the numbers at this stage, I can say that it is -- it can be rated as one of the best 
in the system, whatever issues or whatever growth percentage you see. 
So what I'm trying convey is that whatever we have lost in those 7 years, as a prime bank of the 
country, we are trying to cover that and that is not reckless, that in very, very well thought out 
process. And based on that, it is happening. So we understand the challenges. We are mitigating 
those challenges and risk. And accordingly, branch opening or business growth and all these 
things are taken care of. So that is one part. 
Second part is that about technology and capability to handle. See, sir, in IOB, 98% of the 
transaction are happening digitally. And it is happening for the last more than one year. The 
entire IT infrastructure, digital infrastructure is well settled. Three years before we went for 
entire digital overhaul of the bank, not only the products, the processes, the systems, everything. 
And all these things are completely stabilized.  
So in opening these branches, it will only be an extension of whatever we are providing to the 
existing branches. We are fully equipped to handle and the type of products and services which 
you expect from any of the premier bank, I will request you to experience some of the products 
and some of the services of IOB and I think you'll get an idea. 
So all -- whatever you can imagine that can happen on the digital front or IT front. Everything 
we are equipped with. Our customers are one of the most satisfied lot. And the budget and all, I 
will say that INR 1,600 crores every year, it is more than INR 1,000 crores for IT infrastructure. 
This year also, we have decided about INR 1,700 crores, Board approval has already been given 
2 months before. 
So the entire focus and overall improvement of the bank is already there. Mobile banking was 
there. That we have already -- we have refurbished it completely and the new look of mobile 
banking is there, that app is available. The entire tech face we call, the entire software and 
hardware, that is getting changed at the end of the process. So lots of activity on IT and digital 
is also happening. And we are -- I will say that on that front, we are no less than anyone. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
That is good to know, sir. Sir, any major initiative to increase our non-interest income or third-
party services income or anything like recently it is last -- I think yesterday, day before yesterday 
only we had Bank of Maharashtra having tied up with the SBI cards or the card business so that 
they can put it across their customers the benefit of having such a large card company. So 
similarly, on the insurance front, on the credit card front or any other major initiatives, which 
our bank is taking to increase our noninterest income through the third-party transaction, 
including all the revenues? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Yes, exactly. In fact, everything -- the para banking products, what we call that is already in 
place, and we are getting substantial amount of permission and all on that. Regarding credit card, 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 9 of 14 
 
we have entered into arrangements with two Fintechs and the terms of those credit card lending 
through those Fintech, that is highly lucrative. And through that, the source of income will be 
increased. 
Another way of increasing income in our focus on government business. The government 
transactions, which we are very aggressively doing and lots of, I will say, opportunities of 
government business to do through IOB. That is on the card maybe next quarter, I will be giving 
you more detail.  
And through those government transactions also lots of noninterest income, we are expecting 
going forward. So there is a plan for that also. And in addition to this, the PSLC sale the recovery 
from technically written off account, all those things are there. And accordingly, noninterest 
income also, we are taking good care of that. And going forward, maybe next quarter, we'll be 
able to show you a better number. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Aryan Rana from Ariana Holdings.  
Aryan Rana: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers, sir. We have a question on CRAR remains strong 
at 17.94% but slightly down Q-on-Q. So is there any capital raising plans that you may have for 
growth or processing buffers? How does the bank plan to -- bank plan to balance credit growth 
with capital efficiency, especially as RAM lending continues to expand? So I have these two 
questions. If you could throw light on that, sir? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
The CRAR of 17.94%, sir. From quarter-on-quarter, you can see some reduction. But the point 
is that, sir, it is only technically, it has come down. The net profit of June quarter and September 
quarter has not been factored into CRAR, These INR 1,100 crores net profit of June at INR 1,200 
crores net profit of September.  
This INR 2,300 crores is getting added to capital, then the 17.9% becomes 19.20%. So there's 
no reduction. That is one part I'm trying to say. And this profit will be taken into capital at the 
end of the financial year. At that point of time, March '26, it will be visible. Right now, 
technically, it is 19.20%. 
The second thing is that against mandatory requirement of 11.50%, we are having -- CRAR is 
17.94%. So to ensure growth, the rate of growth at which we are growing in credit. This cushion 
of INR 600 crores is more than enough to take care of my next 2 years of growth, that -- this 
17.94%.  
So immediately, we do not need any capital raising as such to ensure to fund the growth. But in 
order to align the guideline that 75% holding has to be by the public, so for that purpose, of 
course, last year in Q4 of financial year, we went to market and there is INR 1,400 crores for 
QIP. And through that, government of India shareholding came down from 96% to 94%. 
This year also, our plan is to raise INR 4,000 crores. We have already got the approval from the 
Board, and we are in the process of getting all sorts of approvals required for this. And once 
approvals are in place, then certainly, we will go to the market, to raise capital. 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Aryan Rana: 
Okay. And sir, on the digital transaction front, there are several initiatives that the bank has taken 
like WhatsApp banking and CRM 360. So my question is what has been first adoption and 
impact from cross selling? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Can you speak a bit louder, your voice is not audible. 
Aryan Rana: 
Can you hear me now? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Yes, clearly sir. 
Aryan Rana: 
My question, your digital transformation. You have several initiatives at WhatsApp banking and 
CRM 360. So question is what has been the first adoption and impact on cross-selling or several 
efficiency? That is one question. Second would be how much of new business or account digital 
loans that are have originated from digital channels or any collaborations you are having with 
any Fintech and all that, if you could throw some light on that, sir? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Yes, sir, collaboration and understanding with lots of Fintech’s is already there that is happening. 
This digital journey is -- it's an ongoing process. It keeps on happening. So whatever digital 
services or products we are having, every 6 months, 3 months gets upgraded and some additional 
features are getting added. So it's an ongoing process.  
And whatever business is happening, as I said in response to one of the queries, that 98% of the 
transactions are happening in digital mode only, not on physical mode. Whatever business is 
happening, major of that is happening through digital mode only. So it will be difficult to give 
you any particular percentage or number. But you can take it that it's an ongoing process and 
majority of the business is happening on digital mode only. 
Aryan Rana: 
Okay. Can I ask one more question around ESG and ESG that you have launched a few green 
finance products also IOB Surya loan, IOB Tejas, so what is the contribution of ESG-linked 
lending to the total loan book as of now? I mean... 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
The share of the ESG products in total loan book is not substantial. We have started recently 
only 5, 6 months ago. And it is taking off. It is catching the attention of the general public also. 
So share is not very substantial. But going forward, maybe in a couple of quarters, we'll be able 
to give you the good numbers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ashlesh Sonje from Kotak Securities. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Sir, first question is on ECL. Based on the draft guidelines, which RBI has issued, what is your 
assessment right now about the provisions you will be required to make further transition? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
So sir, it is too early to comment on that. We are still going through the provisions of this draft 
guideline. And whatever we could do as first hand, broadly, we expect that around INR 2,700 
crores to INR 2,800 crores of additional provision requirement may be there at that point of time 
and which is to be provided in installments. 
Having said that, these numbers are absolutely, absolutely not certain. It's only the first hand 
information, it can be -- it's very broad- based, and it can be very off the mark. But around this 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 11 of 14 
 
level of requirement is there. From next quarter onwards, we are going to create some buffer in 
the balance sheet, still we are having around 18 months.  
And by the time it gets implemented, I think we'll be in a position to provide sufficient buffer in 
the balance sheet to take care of the requirements if at all it happens. And having said that, maybe 
next quarter, we'll be able to give you the more accurate number that what will be the 
requirement and how we are going to handle. So it's still too early to comment. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Sir, when you have calculated this number INR 2,700 crores, INR 2,800 crores, you would have 
assumed that you can reverse some of the NPA provisions and apply it against Stage 1 and Stage 
2 loans, I assume. Just correct me if I'm wrong there? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
That's too early -- it's too early. We have not gone -- it's a ballpark figure, broadly. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Okay. But you would have taken into account all the provisions which you are carrying, right? 
Standard asset provisions, contingency provisions? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Exactly, PCR is 98% almost. So many, many factors are supposed to be taken into account to 
come to the exact number. Maybe you give us another 1 month or so. We will be able to give 
you some realistic number. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Okay. Sir, and just lastly on the same point, a simple data keeping question. Can you share the 
total -- the different types of outstanding provisions that you have right now? I know you have 
NPA provisions of about INR 4,300 crores. What are the other provisions you are carrying? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Standard provision will be there around INR 4,000 crores, some restructured portfolio is there 
against that also some provision will be there. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Okay. And sir, just one last clarification. The -- whatever shortfall comes out, whatever number 
it might eventually be, you will be taking that expense in the P&L or would it be going directly 
to the reserves? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
P&L will not -- the idea is not to impact P&L. We'll be creating additional buffer out of the 
business, whatever we are going to do in the next quarters. We'll be creating buffer make the 
balance sheet stronger so that if at all, some impact is there, we will be able to handle out of that. 
So that P&L is not impacted. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Parth Manish Gutka from B&K Securities. 
Parth Gutka: 
Sir, just on your -- what is the basis -- or what are the ticket sizes in your micro, small and 
medium loan segment? And how is the underwriting done in these segments? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
See, underwriting is done the low value where the structured type of products are there. It 
happens through system, end-to-end. And the bigger type of loans where the application of mind 
and subjectivity is needed. That, of course, partially it is digital. And then at some point of time, 
it's manually also it is applied and then the lending happens. So micro, small and medium, 
whatever classification has been there as per act. Accordingly, it happens. So I can give you a 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 12 of 14 
 
broad number that out of total MSME of around INR 49,000 crores, micro is around INR 30,000 
crores. Remaining is medium and small. 
Parth Gutka: 
Okay. And this entire portfolio would be secured or there will be some unsecured portions also... 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Majority will be secured only. Almost entire will be secured only. 
Parth Gutka: 
Okay. And within this MSME, are you like post the imposition of U.S. tariffs, have you 
interacted with the borrowers? And are there any impact on the cash flows yet? Any early signs 
there? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
On account of tariffs, you are asking? 
Parth Gutka: 
Yes.  
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
On account of tariffs, see stress is not visible so far. We have been interacting with our 
borrowers. And everyone -- in fact, everyone has been able to find a way out to handle this tariff 
impact, and they are all pretty sure that it will be -- this issue will be over in a couple of months. 
But till that time, everyone has positioned themselves very well. And we do not see any stress 
so far in any of the accounts, including cash flow and transactions in the accounts are at a normal 
level only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Moksh Ranka from Aurum Capital. 
Moksh Ranka: 
Sir, there was a recent preliminary government meeting regarding merger of small PSB banks 
with larger private sector banks. So is there any talk going on regarding this? Could you please 
comment on that? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Sir, like you, we are also reading in newspapers. We do not have any communication from any 
of the authorities so far. And this type of things, I will say that it is not new. Every 6 months, it 
happens and it keeps coming up in the newspapers. But officially, we do not have any 
communication. 
Moksh Ranka: 
Okay. Thanks for the clarification. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Yes. Thank you so much. I will request both my EDs, Mr. Joydeep and Mr. Dhanaraj to give the 
closing remarks, please. Thank you. 
Joydeep Dutta Roy: 
So thank you. This is Joydeep Dutta Roy, Executive Director. So first of all, I would just state 
that the performance of the bank has been consistent in terms of the quarter-on-quarter profits 
that the bank has been delivering the percentage growth. If you look at the past many quarters 
now, almost 8, 10 quarters, you will find a consistency in the growth in profitability, quarter-on-
quarter.  
So that's been a hallmark. We have crossed the ROA of not only 1, now it's 1.20. Our NIM, we 
have been able to maintain and, in fact, grow in spite of the rate cut that shows how we have 

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 13 of 14 
 
been able to manage our advances and the yield on advances, which has also seen a slight 
increase. 
So all these point out to the robustness of the processes and the systems in the bank, which work 
for profitability, while we are moving the balance sheet and the growth in a very, very strong 
manner. So the growth is happening, plus at the same time at the back of the growth, the 
profitability engine is also running very, very robustly. So that's one point that I would highlight. 
Secondly, on the asset quality, again, the NPA ratios, GNPA and NPA consistently coming 
down. It's almost one of the lowest now in the system amongst all the public sector banks. But 
more than the GNPA and NPA ratios, the factor that needs to be taken -- taken note of is the fact 
that we are having a very, very tight control on the slippages of the bank.  
There is hardly any slippages happening quarter-on-quarter almost 0.10 to 0.1112 is our 
quarterly slippage, which is again, one of the highest in the -- among all the public sector banks 
or, in fact, among even the private banks also put together. So this sort of slippage control is a 
very, very tight leash that we are keeping, which again, points out to the robustness of the control 
systems that have been put in place in the bank and portends well for the future also.  
Because while all the legacy book is cleaned up, provision coverage ratio is very high. We don't 
have any worry on the -- on any NPAs or lumpy NPAs, etcetera. But at the same time, future 
also things are not allowed to slip and the slippage control is very, very tight. So this again is 
something that I would like to highlight. So from my side, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Indian Overseas Bank and Veritas Reputation PR Private Limited, 
that concludes this con-call. 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Danish, I think our other Executive Director, Mr. Dhanaraj would also like to add something. 
Moderator: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Dhanaraj T. 
In addition to our MD and CEO sir and Mr. Joydeep ji, I wish to add one or two points. So one 
is that consistently, bank is growing. And again, if you see the last three quarters, the bank has 
clocked more than INR 1,000 crores profit, INR 1,052 crores, INR 1,111 crores. And now we 
have INR 1,226 crores we have done. And again, the main strategy is for CASA growth and all 
business growth, we are giving utmost priority. 
As far as the new customer acquiring is concerned, almost last 2.5 years, we have added almost 
86 lakh new customers, particularly in the current year, in the last 6 months, we have added 
almost 21 lakh customers. So this is an ongoing basis we are expanding. And again, already our 
MD and the CEO sir have said that the branch expansion also, the bank is continuously 
concentrating.  
And again, we are going to add almost INR 250 crores -- sorry, 250 new branches as far as the 
current financial year is concerned. And again, some questions have come as far as the digital 
transformation and again, AI technology is also concerned. And again, our bank -- as far as the 
bank is concerned, 98 percentage of the transaction is happening through the digital mode only.  

 
Indian Overseas Bank 
 
 
October 16, 2025 
Page 14 of 14 
 
And again, we are giving the budget allocation in terms of both hardware and software 
upgradation. And again, all journeys through the digital, all our -- almost all 98% to 99% of our 
products, particularly in retail, agri and MSME, everything is on-boarded through the branch 
channel and the STP journey as far as the bank is concerned.  
And continuously, we are going to concentrate on the digital transformation as far as the bank is 
concerned as per the industry standards. So we expect all your continuous support for the bank's 
growth in the future also. Thank you. 
Sonali Pandey: 
Indian Overseas Bank is going through a significant phase of growth and we are hopeful of a 
fantastic year ahead. On behalf of the Board of Directors and management, we thank you all for 
your participation in this call. We wish you a very great week and a very Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Indian Overseas Bank and Veritas Reputation PR Private Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
