 
E: investor@indiacements.co.in 
 
SH/ 
27.10.2025 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept.  
First Floor, New Trading Ring  
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort 
MUMBAI  400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block  
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI 400 051. 
 
Scrip Code : 530005 
Scrip Code : INDIACEM 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Earnings Call  
In continuation to our letter dated 18th October 2025, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Earnings Call held on 18th October 2025 on the unaudited financial 
results for the quarter and half-year ended 30th September 2025. 
The 
same 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
i.e. 
www.indiacements.co.in. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
for THE INDIA CEMENTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
EKAMBARAM 
JAYASHREE
Digitally signed by 
EKAMBARAM JAYASHREE 
Date: 2025.10.27 
16:14:47 +05'30'

UltraTech Cement Limited 
Registered Office : Ahura Centre, B – Wing, 2nd Floor, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 093, India 
               T: +91 22 6691 7800 / 2926 7800 I F: +91 22 6692 8109 I W: www.ultratechcement.com/www.adityabirla.com I CIN : L26940MH2000PLC128420 
27th October, 2025 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Scrip Code: 532538 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Scrip Code: ULTRACEMCO 
Sub:   Transcript of Q2 FY26 Earnings Call of UltraTech Cement Limited (“the Company”) 
Dear Sirs, 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached transcript of the 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Call conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company 
held on 18th October, 2025, for your information and record.   
The same is also available on the website of the Company viz. www.ultratechcement.com. 
Yours faithfully, 
For UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
 
Sanjeeb Kumar Chatterjee 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
BP 165 / L – 2011 Luxembourg  
Scrip Code:  
US90403E1038 and US90403E2028 
Singapore Exchange  
11 North Buona Vista Drive,  
#05-07 The Metropolis Tower 2,  
Singapore 138589  
ISIN Code:  
US90403YAA73 and USY9048BAA18 
SANJEEB 
KUMAR 
CHATTERJEE
Digitally signed by 
SANJEEB KUMAR 
CHATTERJEE 
Date: 2025.10.27 10:41:14 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“UltraTech Cement Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 18, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAILASH C. JHANWAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. ATUL DAGA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
 

      
UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day, and welcome to the UltraTech Cement Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Daga, Chief Financial Officer. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Atul Daga: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the earnings call of UltraTech Cement for 
the quarter ended September '25. I realize it is a Saturday, and for those who are attending the 
call, a sincere thanks for taking time out on your weekend. 
 
Let me straight jump into the nitty-gritties. Firstly, demand. I think it's very important to note 
that we have sold more than 31 million tons of cement this quarter, when rain gods have been in 
full fury till almost a few days ago. On ground, things are looking up, looking better for premium 
cement all the more. We will talk about it in a bit.  
UltraTech is a very large company, we operate almost 75 physical locations, 400-plus RMC 
plants. And in that phase of rapid growth, the sales volume growth will be a little complex to 
understand for 3 or 4 quarters. If we were to look at our sales volumes without ICL and Kesoram 
in the base for the last year because we were not managing them, we have grown 22.3%. Without 
considering India Cements in our base for the last quarter, we have recorded a growth of 9.6%. 
With both ICL and Kesoram Cement assets in the base, we have grown about 6.8%. India 
Cements has already declared its results yesterday with a growth of 6%. 
 
Most important points to note is UltraTech as a brand has grown about 13.2% this quarter Y-o-
Y. That is real hard number. Rural markets are also delivering a growth of 13%, and we believe 
that the industry will achieve a growth of around 10% in the rural markets. 
 
We have been rapidly converting India Cements and Kesoram brands into UltraTech with a 
sharp focus on improving the quality of the product manufactured at the acquired plant locations. 
The results are quite exciting. As I mentioned, UltraTech, as a brand, has grown 13.2%, thanks 
to the rapid conversion of output generated from the acquired assets.  
Let's talk about GST. GST, whilst there's no impact on profitability, an important benefit of GST 
2 is a reduction in Clean Energy Cess levy on coal. We believe this will be in the long-term 
interest of UltraTech. We balance our fuel portfolio with a mix of coal and pet coke. The strategy 
has always helped manage our risk. This quarter, with slightly higher coal consumption, the ratio 
is skewed in favor of coal at about 48% and pet coke being about 44%. This quarter, our fuel 
costs are higher than last quarter, increasing to INR1.8 per Kcal as compared to INR1.78 per 
Kcal, it's a mix of coal and pet coke essentially and timing. 
The next few quarters will be a mix of our existing high-performance assets of 166.76 million 
tons and the acquired assets, which, are ramping up rapidly, namely Kesoram Cement assets, 
10.75 million tons and India Cements, 14.75 million tons.  

      
UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
Our existing operating assets 166.76 million tons of capacity have delivered an EBITDA per 
metric ton of INR966. India Cements reported its performance yesterday, delivering INR386 per 
metric ton and Kesoram assets this quarter were at INR755.  
For your reference, India Cement's brand conversion has already happened 31%, and Kesoram 
has already converted 55% at the end of this quarter. This will clearly give you a perspective of 
how the overall average numbers will pan out when full brand conversion will be completed. 
We are expecting to complete the brand transition for these acquired assets, not later than June 
'26. 
There have been some specific cost items one-off slightly higher, which have had a dampening 
effect on our performance. First one, maintenance costs, you will be shocked to know that we 
operate almost 56 kilns across the country in UltraTech's balance sheet. And if you were to take 
into account India Cements' kilns also, a total number of 65 kilns are being operated by us. In 
UltraTech, out of the 56 kilns, we had 617 kiln days shutdown as compared to 207 kiln days last 
quarter or 511 kiln days last year for the same period. This is one of the reasons why our fixed 
costs are slightly higher. When we do an internal calculation, it's about an impact of INR100 per 
ton. Second one was the advertising cost, during this quarter, our advertising efforts had been 
taken up. We spent INR50 crores higher than the last quarter, resulting into an impact of about 
INR15 per ton. Third item was staff costs, which were again slightly higher in this quarter and 
all employees obviously enjoy this quarter because the increments and the annual bonus 
payments are made in the July-September period. Quarter-on-quarter, additional cost of INR94 
crores were incurred, but you don't have to worry as this impact will come down next quarter by 
INR30-35 crores. The per ton impact is roughly INR25 per ton. Operating leverage impact due 
to lower Q-o-Q sales volume is close to INR70 per ton. If I count all these items, then there is a 
delta impact of anywhere around INR200 per ton. But that doesn't mean that these costs will not 
exist in the next quarter. There will be some element of cost, but not such a high impact. 
 
Capex. Our expansion plans are going on full swing, and we will complete or exit this financial 
year with 200 million tons of capacity under our belt. Projects like Vadhavan Port, Amravati, 
development around the new Mumbai Airport, data centers coming up in the country, urban real 
estate, Google committing $15 billion to build its AI hub in Andhra. All such mega projects are 
very positive for cement industry for consistent growth demand. And GST 2 will definitely boost 
demand for premium cement because some people will be able to buy their aspirational brands 
due to a reduction in the cost of purchase.  
You would have also seen our next phase of growth. I have mentioned it in the past. After 
completing our consolidation in the Southern markets in fiscal '25, we have focused our guns on 
North and West. With an intent to further strengthen our position in these markets, we are 
embarking on the next phase of our growth with 22.8 million tons of incremental capacity, which 
is a mix of largely brownfield and some greenfield expansions. Out of these 22.8 million tons, 
18 million tons is focused on the Northern markets and 4.8 million tons for the Western markets. 
A very important point for you to note is we will always be fully invested in clinker. At the end 
of this expansion, we will be reaching 148 million tons of clinker capacity with a clinker 
conversion factor reaching close to 1.6x. This expansion also will be funded largely by internal 

      
UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
accruals. There might be some temporary borrowings that will be done but by the time we 
complete our expansion, we will be again less than 0.7x net debt EBITDA.  
Cables and wires business. The business is on track to launch production in Q3 CY '26. Land 
and buildings have been secured, long lead machinery items have been placed. We expect 
delivery to start from January '26, and the plant should get commissioned in time for Q3 
production launch. Key managerial people have also started onboarding.  
I touched upon ICL and Kesoram assets. As I mentioned, India Cements brand transition has 
been completed up to 31% of their sales as UltraTech and it will cross the 40% mark by 
December quarter and then further up; thereby, helping us realize the benefits of synergy in the 
books of India Cements on a very rapid pace. As a post-balance sheet event in India Cements, 
we have exited the coal assets held in Indonesia and the cash flows that will be realized from the 
sale of these assets will help reduce their debt. 
 
Another important point to highlight about India Cements is the capex program of INR1,592 
crores, which has been initiated for debottlenecking of a small capacity 21-megawatts of WHRS, 
192-megawatts of renewable energy and other efficiency improvement programs. Over and 
above that, we are expanding the capacity at Chennai and Rajasthan plants with 2.4 million tons 
at a cost of INR422 crores. These are high-performing markets and the investment will yield an 
IRR of upwards of 20%. 
 
We acquired India Cements with a capacity of 14.45 million tons; within no time, there was a 
debottlenecking done. And further brownfield expansions that I've just mentioned, will take us 
to a capacity of 17.55 million tons. We will be able to fund these investments with internal 
accruals and a mix of debt. However, by the time we complete the expansion, which is January 
March 28 or by the time the expansions are fully operational, the ICL assets will start generating 
EBITDA per ton of INR1,000 and a net debt EBITDA of around 0.5x. 
 
Kesoram assets have also streamlined and a capex of around INR500 crores is in progress for 
WHRS and other efficiency improvements. The brand transition program, as I mentioned earlier, 
has already been completed to about 55% of its output, and we shall complete the rest of the 
program by the end of June '26. 
 
Another important point, which I must leave with you, is our retail footprint. We have a presence 
with almost 5,000 stores in the country, these retail stores, what we call the UBS stores, sold 
21% of our total sales this quarter, and also support the dreams of many individual homebuilders 
to procure other materials required for building a house. 
 
RMC is another important aspect of our business. We have crossed almost 400 plants in the 
country. Today, RMC has become about 4% of cement volumes for us. 
For some of you, the dessert is the most important in terms of EBITDA per ton, but at UltraTech, 
this quarter has been a wholesome meal. 

      
UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
Thank you. And before taking questions, we wish you all a very happy Diwali. Over to you for 
questions, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. 
Amit Murarka: 
Just on this expansion plan that you've announced. So, like after this, I just wanted to know like 
how much more scope is there given that this is just focused on North and West. And I'm 
guessing there is scope even in East, South, those markets as well. So, what is the additional 
scope for brownfield expansion that exists in the portfolio? 
Atul Daga: 
Amit, so we are now sticking our program to reach about 240 - 245 million tons, which will get 
completed by fiscal '29. There is definitely scope for 20 - 25 million tons more. I'm talking about 
beyond '29, '30, '31 and in those times, there will be further possibilities. There will be 
possibilities of greenfield clinker-based units also since we continuously keep acquiring mining 
rights, and land acquisition is an ongoing process. So, it's not only brownfield, but we'll also 
have greenfield expansions depending upon the market appetite, which we believe will be very 
high. 
Amit Murarka: 
Understood. And also, while we spelled out the other expenses, reasons for the other expenses 
jump, even raw material has moved up, is there some one-off even in that? 
Atul Daga: 
There's no one-off. There might be some purchase price impact, other than there's no one-off. 
Amit Murarka: 
And out of the INR200 per ton, which you summed up under various items, how much of it will 
go away essentially in Q3, if you could just give some number on that? 
Atul Daga: 
So, maintenance will come down. At least ballpark INR100 will come down. 
Amit Murarka: 
Right, right. And just lastly, on the fuel cost, we have seen pet coke move up while you have 
only 44%, but will net fuel cost go up given that there is coal compensation cess positive benefit 
as well? 
Atul Daga: 
So, we'll have a bigger benefit because UltraTech consumes higher amount of coal as compared 
to rest of the industry, so that will also be a benefit to us. And now it is always possible that the 
flavor of pet coke starts going down and coal is becoming more important. 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. So on a net basis, basically, fuel cost may not go up too much for you? 
Atul Daga: 
So it will not go up. All the spot purchases is the only thing, which could move up or down. But 
in our overall scheme of things, we will not have any inflation in fuel costs. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Indrajit Agarwal from CLSA. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Two questions. First, congratulations on such low capex per ton on the next leg of expansion. 
Now keeping that in mind and the cost-saving initiatives across the industry, how do you see the 

      
UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
pricing environment or the intensity of taking prices up in the medium term among the players 
panning out? 
Atul Daga: 
Thank you, Indrajit, for noticing that. Well, as far as the efficiency improvement program is 
concerned, I think UltraTech is the only company, which has demonstrated item-by-item actual 
delivery of efficiency improvement. Capex cost, I don't know whether anybody else can deliver 
this kind of an efficiency in capex cost. So, it remains to be seen. Third point you mentioned 
about pricing. Pricing is not determined by capex cost or efficiency improvement. Pricing, I will 
repeat again, it's always been demand. If demand is good, there is always an opportunity for 
improvement in prices. If there are cost inflation pressures on, let's say, just now when we 
discussed about fuel costs, in case fuel costs go through the roof or any other costs go through 
the roof, if the industry, if we can't absorb it, it will get definitely passed on. Pricing decisions 
will not be taken because of lower capex cost. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. This is helpful. Secondly, on industry demand, on your best estimate, how was the demand 
in second quarter? And do you think the earlier guidance of 6% to 7% industry growth for the 
full year is achievable? 
Atul Daga: 
I think so, yes, it is definitely happening. My confidence is going up higher if I look at my own 
volume growth. And as far as industry growth is concerned, it has to be somewhere around 4.5% 
to 5% for this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pinakin Parekh from HSBC. 
Pinakin Parekh: 
Sir, my first question is on the commissioning time line for the expansions. It says FY '28 
onwards. So, will it get bunched up in FY '28, or will it be spread over '28, '29, '30? 
Atul Daga: 
Not bunched up. It would be mostly evenly spread out. We will come out with detailed schedule 
in the next quarter, but it's not getting bunched up. 
Pinakin Parekh: 
Sure. And sir, secondly, just more granular color on how does the company see demand between 
government capex and individual homebuyers? Because from a pricing point of view, for the 
trade segment, we need the individual homebuyer segment demand to pick up. So as per you, 
where do you see stronger demand over the second half of the year? 
Atul Daga: 
I think the rural markets, as I talked about it, we have seen about 13% growth in rural markets, 
which is a very positive point. So IHB segment will continue to drive demand. And also, we are 
seeing continuous announcements of new Infra projects, which will help the overall demand 
sentiment. Jhanwar Ji, would like to add something. 
Kailash Jhanwar: 
Yes. So very good afternoon to all of you. So, I think, Atul has said rightly, the housing sector 
would be the key driver for the growth and particularly the rural housing, the demand has been 
good and with the good monsoon actually this year and the revision in the MSP price and kind 
of thing, I think the rural India is likely to do very well. On the urban side, obviously, with the 
change in the income tax rates, personal income tax rates, softening of interest, there are good 
green shoots and the urban demand is also likely to move further. 

      
UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
 
Coming on the Infra side, I think, as Atul said, I think the Infra is now likely to fire on all fronts 
right from the road, rail, aviation and the port side actually because in the recent few months or 
the few days, there are a lot of announcements actually in terms of building new highways, 
widening of the highways and the metro, port. And now if the Sagarmala projects pick up, then 
further it will provide boost to the demand.  
And commercial side, I think, again, that's likely to be the good story with the GCC. Recently, 
a few days back, there is an announcement on the big data center, Google. So, I think we believe, 
hopefully, demand side do well. 
Atul Daga: 
So, Pinakin, it's not about a quarter. I think if you are looking at a longer term, and we had put 
out one chart on how we see the long-term growth also, it's 7%, 8% CAGR growth. I'm very 
confident that this is going to happen in the country.  
Just imagine, if you were to delve a little bit more in Google's investment of $15 billion over a 
period of 5 years. It's not just a data center, but there'll be employees and their housing and the 
related schools, hospitals, blah, blah, blah, everything will be coming up. So, this is one-off. 
Vadhavan Port, INR76,000 crores project, 300 million ton cargo handling capability. The project 
will go on for 5 - 6 years or even more. But that will change the fortunes of entire Western 
market. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Firstly, I appreciate all the detailing on the expansion plans and also a lot of more disclosures in 
the regular quarterly presentation. Sir, my first question is on the North market. You shared in 
the presentation that last couple of years, the peak utilization has been approaching 90%. Any 
thoughts on how are we looking at over the next 4 to 5 years, given a lot of peers, JK, Dalmia, 
JSW, all focusing on North in the next leg of expansion. So any analysis, which you can share 
on our estimates, is there a risk of an oversupply situation gradually building in North given the 
supply? 
Atul Daga: 
No, Sumangal, no, I don't think so. And I think the more important from UltraTech's point of 
view is, we have always grown better than the rest of the industry at a pace higher than the 
industry. We are confident that our capacity share, which today stands at 28% will go up to   
32%-33%, and there's no stopping us there. So UltraTech will continue to gain market share. 
UltraTech does not see any risk in being able to sell more volumes of cement. 
Kailash Jhanwar: 
Yes. To further add upon, I think, also it is an overall function if you talk about the capacity 
utilization where your plants are located actually. Once we'll share you the more details in the 
next quarterly discussions actually based on our footprint and the location, I think UltraTech 
would be stand out in terms of the... 
Atul Daga: 
Yes, I didn't want to say it, Sumangal, but deserts are desserts and city is a city. So, we can 
discuss later offline, yes. 

      
UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. So on the green power mix, we've reached 42%. One is over the next couple of years, 
where do we settle at? So just want to understand, incrementally, any thumb rule we can kind of 
use as to what cost is in every percentage increase or something like that to estimate the cost 
savings? 
Atul Daga: 
We will reach about 65% of green power by the end of our current phase of growth. And I've 
already started disclosing my cost mix. So, when you are reaching 65%, thermal power will 
come down. You can do an estimation from there. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. And just one last thing. In the opening remarks, sir, you alluded to some sort of a 
premiumization benefit out of GST. Can you explain what's the thought there? 
Atul Daga: 
So what I believe is everybody has an aspiration, not only for cement, for any other asset. Now 
if that particular product comes within my striking distance, which I was deferring or not going 
that part. Now if that asset is within my striking distance, I would definitely want to use that 
asset. 
 
Now let's talk about cement. Cement, when a person is building his house, which is once in a 
lifetime, if that person was not able to buy UltraTech as a premium product, roughly INR30 
impact has happened favorably in the hands of the end consumer. The affordability was INR360. 
There are 2 ways. The person who was wanting to buy at INR360 either will switch down to 
INR330 for a category B brand or might be incentivized to buy a premium brand at INR360. 
That's premiumization. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. 
Prateek Kumar: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, on premium cement, how do you think the premium 
segment pricing can pan out over the next 12 months versus the regular product for yourself or 
for market? 
Atul Daga: 
It again depends upon demand. Prateek, if demand is robust and there's a cost pressure also, then 
obviously, there's an opportunity to push it into prices. 
Prateek Kumar: 
And where do you envisage your 33% premium mix going to over the next 12 to 18 months? 
Atul Daga: 
I don't have a number immediately, Prateek, take it offline. I don't want to give an ad hoc answer. 
We can discuss on Monday. I'll share some more highlights. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sure. You have reported like like-for-like growth of 7% for the overall consol operations. How 
is that split in region-wise? And also, your total 71% capacity utilization for first half, how would 
that be region-wise? 
Atul Daga: 
So if I look at regional capacity utilization, North and, in fact, South are in the 70s and West is 
in the high 60s and Central and East is low 60s. 
Prateek Kumar: 
And what about the volume growth region-wise? 

      
UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Atul Daga: 
Volume growth region-wise. I think the capacity utilization should be a good parameter for you. 
I don't have immediately the regional growth numbers. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sure, no problem. One last question on your expansion into Northern markets. So, while some 
of the capacity appears to be in Central, you are allocating all those capacity to North, like we 
generally... 
Atul Daga: 
I was expecting somebody to ask this question. For us, we split UP and MP into UP East, UP 
West and MP East and MP West. The Western parts of MP and UP are more North-centric. 
Because let's take Vikram Cement, which is in Madhya Pradesh, but it is an hour away and 
you're into Rajasthan. So that is part of our Rajasthan or Northern markets as compared to calling 
it a Central market. Similarly, Dhar is very suitable for servicing Northern markets. Dadri, which 
is sitting in Delhi is in UP, but it serves Northern markets. So that is why we look at UP West 
and MP West in our internal scheme of things as Northern markets. So these, while even if you 
want to classify them as Central areas, but the output or their distribution is in the Northern 
markets. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rashi from Citi. 
Rashi: 
Just a quick question on Kesoram. The EBITDA per ton that you've given is at INR755, and I 
understand the first quarter was about INR1,000. So, this entire decline, I mean, barring the 
realization has got to do with all these maintenance? 
Atul Daga: 
Yes, shutdowns, maintenance, that's it. 
Rashi: 
But was there any offsetting impact with the improvement in the rebranding to UltraTech? 
Atul Daga: 
Obviously, because I have at least INR15 to INR20 delta on pricing between UltraTech and 
Kesoram old brands. There is an advantage. 
Rashi: 
I'm just trying to understand how we think about Kesoram going forward from here. 
Atul Daga: 
So my sense is December, I should be back to INR1,000. And once we are completing our brand 
transition in Kesoram, it should be operating at -- because again, the Kesoram asset while it's in 
South, but services Mumbai market. The 9-million-ton plant, Sedam plant is closer to the 
Maharashtra market, so it should enjoy the profitability of the Western markets. Once WHRS 
and everything is implemented, we will be crossing INR1,000, INR1,100, INR1,200 mark by 
the end of June '26. 
Rashi: 
Got it. And just a bookkeeping question, sir, India EBITDA per ton, which was about INR1,230 
in 1Q, is it working out about INR900 in this quarter on a blended basis? 
Atul Daga: 
INR966. 
Rashi: 
India, all in, as in including Kesoram and India Cements? 
Atul Daga: 
That includes India Cements. Also, India Cements is INR386 a ton. 

      
UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Rashi: 
So INR966 includes India Cements. 
Atul Daga: 
Then I think you would look at INR914, if that is the number you are looking at. 
Rashi: 
Okay. Got it. And from like spot pricing versus what you had in the second quarter, is it largely 
stable? 
Atul Daga: 
Pricing in cement prices, coal prices? 
Rashi: 
Cement, cement prices. 
Atul Daga: 
I thought you're asking about cement bag prices. So no, prices are stable. 
Rashi: 
Okay. Do you see an improvement in the cost, the INR100 reversal that you're talking about, 
offset by higher pet coke prices going forward? 
Atul Daga: 
As I also mentioned, our fuel prices are not going up because we will also have the advantage 
of coal sales getting knocked off and the maximum benefit without a doubt will be to UltraTech. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pathanjali Srinivasan from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Firstly, I'd like to thank you for giving such a good 
presentation with this like very good amount of transparency in reporting in terms of numbers 
with organic and inorganic. It really gives us a good amount of confidence in what you're doing. 
I have a few questions. First question is this pricing actions post GST, is there any kind of a 
window or time line for which we're not allowed to increase prices? 
Atul Daga: 
No, there is nothing like that, but prices will go up if there is pressure on cost, if there is a huge 
amount of demand or if there's a shortage of material, then prices go up. There's no prescription 
around that. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Okay, sir. And like just on a quarter-on-quarter, like we have seen a small fall in prices in terms 
of realization. What are the regions where you would say the impact of this is more? 
Atul Daga: 
So I would say quarter-on-quarter, Central was the most impacted. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Okay. And when we mentioned about margin profile, what is the margin profile difference be 
for regular cement versus premium, sir? Because you're saying that premiumization could be 
something that could play out. I just wanted to figure out what would be the difference? 
Atul Daga: 
But it is very difficult to do -- it becomes a theoretical calculation. So lot of overhead allocation 
will be done. If we were just doing the contribution analysis, that is different, but EBITDA 
analysis is very theoretical. So, we don't do that. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Sir, and last question is you had mentioned about like some plants have been 
dropped in the presentation, and we've also done a little bit of a rejig there. So, is this more of a 
strategic thing? Or is there any other reason why we've done this? 

      
UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Atul Daga: 
Strategic. Because when we had started off on that expansion plan, India Cements was not 
acquired, and we were doing, let's say, a bulk terminal in Chennai. Now we have the grinding 
unit in Chennai. So, on the contrary, we have decided to increase the capacity of Chennai 
grinding unit of India Cements and drop our investment in the bulk terminal in Chennai. Now 
because we are dropping the bulk terminal, the corresponding clinker, which was coming up in 
Tadipatri, which is Andhra Pradesh, which was going to serve this location, we have dropped 
the grinding capacity in Tadipatri unit. So what should I say, balancing, no other compulsions. 
Pathanjali Srinivasan: 
So in West Bengal, we have dropped a grinding unit I think to some 1 million tons. Any specific 
thing there? 
Atul Daga: 
Because, again, that was rebalancing. We dropped Kharagpur and we have increased our 
presence in Dankuni. So it's again, locational advantages that we had, net logistics advantage 
that we could get. That's how we have tried to optimize our capex. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sanjeev Kumar Singh from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: 
Our current CC ratio is around 1.48x. And when we gave the clinker capacity addition schedule, 
we said that it's based on 1.56x of CC ratio. So, should we assume that gradually we want to 
increase our clinker conversion ratio to around 1.55x, 1.56x over the next few years? And if we 
do that, what will be the cost advantages, which we would see? 
Atul Daga: 
So, as I mentioned, we will actually reach 1.59 to1.6 post this expansion, obviously, which 
means a higher amount of blending will take place. And the current expansion program itself, 
we had said we will reach 1.54. So obviously, we are focusing on increasing our blending, which 
helps our sustainability efforts also, and it is cost advantageous as well. 
 
Just a housekeeping question because of the previous question, which was raised, I think there's 
a small error in my presentation when we have talked about dropping off 3 assets, there were a 
couple of assets, which we rebalanced, for example, Dankuni, which was not part of our plan. 
So instead of Kharagpur, we have gone into Dankuni. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: 
Secondly, sir, when there has been a drop in or reduction in green energy sales, but we believe 
that at the same time, there has been some increase in overall GST on coal from 5% to 18%. So, 
considering that, what kind of cost benefit we would see if considering both these numbers? 
Atul Daga: 
GST increase in coal is input tax credit does not impact us. Like when GST on cement has gone 
down, it does not impact the profitability. Similarly, GST changes in coal does not impact the 
profitability; however, Cess, which was not allowed as an input, it's a cost, that going down is 
directly advantageous. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. 

      
UltraTech Cement Limited 
 
 
October 18, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Sir, my question pertains to this clinker expansion, which you are doing. Dalavoi IU, you have 
mentioned, Tamil Nadu, there is a brownfield expansion of 0.4 million tons in the India Cements. 
Is there any clinker expansion also expected at that plant? 
Atul Daga: 
That's a grinding capacity. India Cements, no, there's no further clinker capacity. But clinker we 
have enough available in the region to service it. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. And this 22 million tons, your capex cost is less than INR500 crores per ton. So in this, 
how much is the clinker capacity cumulatively that you're planning to add? 
Atul Daga: 
Total about 15.68 million tons. So, 8.04 are 2 specific plants and there are debottlenecking across 
the regions. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. That is great. And sir, what would be the total capex number for next 2 years on the 
ongoing projects? 
Atul Daga: 
I will have about INR10,000 crores minimum per year, outgo. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay, INR10,000 crores. And lastly, you mentioned earlier in the call, due to higher maintenance 
and advertisement cost in Q2, on a per ton basis, how much of these costs will get reversed in 
Q3? 
Atul Daga: 
Give or take INR100 per ton. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as our last question for today. On behalf of 
UltraTech Cement Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
Atul Daga: 
Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer - The transcript has been edited for language and grammar; it however may not be a verbatim representation of the 
call. 
 
