 
HINDUSTAN FOODS LIMITED 
A Vanity Case Group Company 
A Government Recognised Two Star Export House 
Registered Office: Office No. 3, Level 2, Centrium, Phoenix Market City, 
15, Lal Bahadur Shastri Road, Kurla (West), Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400 070. 
Email: business@thevanitycase.com, Website: www.hindustanfoodslimited.com 
Tel. No.: +91 22 6980 1700/01, CIN: L15139MH1984PLC316003 
 
 
 
Date: November 19, 2025 
 
To,  
The General Manager  
Department of Corporate Services                  
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,   
Mumbai‐ 400 001 
Tel: (022) 2272 1233 / 34 
Company Scrip Code: 519126 
To, 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 070 
Company Symbol: HNDFDS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/Investors conference call held on November 13, 2025 
Ref: Pursuant to Regulation 30(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
With reference to our letter dated  November 10, 2025  intimating you about the conference 
call with Analyst/Investors which was held on November 13, 2025, please find attached the 
transcript of the aforesaid conference call.  
The above information will also be available on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.hindustanfoodslimited.com.  
We request you to kindly take the above information on record.  
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For HINDUSTAN FOODS LIMITED 
 
 
Bankim Purohit 
Company Secretary and Legal Head 
ACS 21865 
 
Encl: as above 
 
BANKIM 
DILIP 
PUROHIT
Digitally signed by BANKIM DILIP PUROHIT 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400067, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
street=ROOM NO 8 DATTANI APARTMENT5BB 
WING SHIVAJI ROADMUMBAIOPP THAKUR 
INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL 400067, l=MUMBAI, 
o=Personal, title=9323, 
serialNumber=f2afd6c5dd73ab44d5903d9f922270
d2f8b5098c3b6635e29b6b6b79199d8e80, 
pseudonym=60326ff85847e6364d19fa9c9141d5b
9, 
2.5.4.20=bc91a900fe02411fb518855be5746ec5f20
ea7e4e194456dcaeacfbd8db3428d, 
email=BANKIM.PUROHIT@THEVANITYCASE.COM, 
cn=BANKIM DILIP PUROHIT 
Date: 2025.11.19 11:14:09 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
“Hindustan Foods Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the website 
of the Company on 13th November 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMEER KOTHARI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
HINDUSTAN FOODS LIMITED 
 
 
MR. MAYANK SAMDANI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HINDUSTAN FOODS LIMITED 
 
 
MR. GANESH ARGEKAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
HINDUSTAN FOODS LIMITED 
 
 
MR. VIMAL SOLANKI – HEAD, CORPORATE 
COMMUNICATIONS - HINDUSTAN FOODS LIMITED 
 
 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR – HINDUSTAN 
FOODS LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by Hindustan Foods Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer Kothari, Managing Director from Hindustan 
Foods Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sameer Kothari: 
Thank you, Shlok. Good morning, and welcome to our Q2 H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. 
I'm joined on the call by Ganesh Argekar, Executive Director; Mayank Samdani, Group CFO; 
Vimal Solanki, Head, Corporate Communications; and SGA, our IR Advisor. I hope everyone 
has had a chance to go through our updated earnings presentation. I would like to take a minute 
to appreciate the work done by SGA in helping us revise our disclosures, which we hope will 
better explain our business model. 
 
This quarter marks a defining moment in our journey. HFL crossed the INR1,000 crores 
quarterly revenue mark for the first time in its history. More than a financial milestone, it reflects 
the scale of transformation we have achieved and the acceleration with which we have grown 
over the last 4 years. This acceleration has led to a compounded growth of 22% in revenues, 
32% in EBITDA and around 30% in PAT over this period. 
 
This growth is a result of 4 key initiatives that we took: one, strategic diversification across 
product categories; second, addition of new customers; three, an aggressive M&A policy; and 
fourth, a sharpening of the business model to cater to the changing needs of our customers. 
 
Allow me to quickly address each of these. In terms of the diversification across product 
categories, in the last 4 years, we have ventured into new categories like foods and beverages, 
ice creams, health care and footwear. In spite of our new entry into these categories, we have 
managed to build sizable businesses in each of these categories. 
 
As far as new customers are concerned, we have managed to add new-age brands while 
continuing to work with the larger incumbents of the FMCG market. This diversification across 
customers positions us advantageously for the evolving FMCG ecosystem. 
 
Coming to the M&A policy, we continue to adopt the string of pearls strategy and have been 
able to build capabilities in new areas with suitable acquisitions. We have completed more than 
10 acquisitions in the last 4 years. However, we continue to be conservative in terms of our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
capital allocation strategy and maintain focus on return on equity even while pursuing these 
high-growth opportunities. 
 
Lastly, the commercial construct of our business model has evolved in the last 4 years, along 
with the changing demands of our customers. As a company, we were primarily engaged in 
dedicated manufacturing model. This business model assured us of consistent and fixed returns. 
Based on the foundation of these predictable earnings in the last 4 years, we have now increased 
our exposure to shared manufacturing. 
 
This has allowed us to better serve the changing FMCG ecosystem and has also given us an 
opportunity to improve our returns and other performance parameters. The Q2 results are the 
first tangible outcome of this effort. 
 
However, we are more optimistic about the future. As we move forward, our focus remains 
unchanged, disciplined execution, sharper capital allocation and relentless operational 
excellence. We remain committed to building on this foundation. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Ganesh Argekar, our Executive Director, to brief you on the 
operational highlights. 
Ganesh Argekar: 
Thank you, Sameer, and good morning, everyone. I will now walk you through the operational 
highlights of Q2 and H1 FY '26. The first half of FY '26 has been defined by strong execution, 
consistent growth and steady progress across all our business verticals. Our performance reflects 
the growing depth of our operations, the trust of our customer partnerships and the discipline 
embedded in how we execute. 
 
We have also advanced well on our growth agenda, securing new business mandates, 
strengthening long-term relationships and maintaining strong momentum on project delivery. 
Capacity additions across sites are progressing as scheduled, supported by sustained 
improvements in productivity and operational efficiency. 
 
Execution on this program is progressing as planned. We have commercialized nearly INR200 
crores worth of new capacity in the first half of FY '26 and another INR550 crores plus is 
advancing towards commissioning in the next couple of quarters. Overall, segment-wise 
performance has been encouraging, and we continue to invest across business verticals. I would 
like to highlight the initiatives taken by us in the various business verticals. 
 
Home and Personal Care. Expansion at Hyderabad and Silvassa are on track with existing 
facilities operating at healthy utilization levels. The Board has authorized INR120 crores in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
greenfield and brownfield projects for the Home and Personal Care division, Ice Cream. Existing 
capex of INR300 crores are on track for Panipat, Sandila and Nashik locations. 
 
Working on a backward integration strategy in this vertical, we have recently announced the 
acquisition of the cone manufacturing plant. Along with the sticks plant, this acquisition will 
open us a large part of our ice cream value chain for us to compete in. 
 
The Nashik factory has stabilized production in its first operational season and Sandila continues 
to manufacture at optimum capacity across all ice cream formats. Foods & Beverages. The Board 
has authorized a further investment of INR80 crores for expansion in the Foods and Beverages 
division. This is in categories like flavored yogurt, bottled water. The merger of existing soups 
and seasoning facility is expected to be completed in Q4 FY '26. 
 
Healthcare. Existing capex of INR30 crores is progressing well at Baddi and will be completed 
within the time lines as committed. We are cautiously optimistic about certain new projects in 
wellness and skin care categories, which will further unlock operating leverage in this division. 
 
And finally, the Shoes. The Shoes division delivered its highest ever quarterly revenue of 
INR133 crores and is positioned to sustain this momentum in the second half. Both our North 
and South units are now stabilized and have significantly ramped up production. 
 
In a sense, the first half demonstrates balance and growth supported by operational strength and 
financial prudence. As we move forward, our focus remains on scaling newer categories, driving 
productivity and pursuing opportunities that reinforce long-term value creation. 
 
With this, I will now hand over the call to Mayank Samdani, our Group CFO, to take you through 
the financial results for the quarter, half year ended 30th September 2025. Thank you. 
Mayank Samdani: 
Thank you, Ganesh, and good morning to all. I will now run you through the financial 
performance for Q2 and H1 FY '26. For the first half, the total income stood at INR2,041 crores, 
representing a 16% year-on-year growth. EBITDA grew at 17% to INR173 crores. Profit before 
tax rose 31% to INR89 crores and profit after tax increased 33% to INR67 crores. 
 
These results reflect sustained operational efficiency and improved cost management across all 
our businesses. For the  second quarter, the total income rose 18% year-on-year to INR1,043 
crores. EBITDA increased 24% to INR90 crores. PBT was up 49% to INR47 crores, and the 
PAT grew 54% to INR35 crores. 
 
The profit expansion during the quarter was driven by the better utilization of capacity, operating 
leverage and continuous focus on execution excellence. Our balance sheet remains strong. As 

 
 
 
 
 
 
on September 30, 2025, cash and cash equivalents stood at INR162 crores and net debt to equity 
was at comfortable level of 0.67. 
 
Net cash flow from operations rose to nearly 50% from last year to approximately INR109 
crores, reflecting healthy internal accruals and disciplined working capital management, which 
was achieved through better control over supply chain and stabilization of our shoe business. 
 
With the robust financial position and adequate liquidity, the company is fully equipped to fund 
the planned INR550 crores of capex through the mix of internal accruals and prudent debt. In 
summary, the first half of FY '26 has delivered balanced growth, steady revenue expansion, 
strong profitability and a healthy balance sheet. We remain confident in sustaining this 
momentum while maintaining our financial discipline and focus on long-term value creation. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We'll now begin with the question and answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Akhil Parekh from B&K Securities. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Many congratulations to the entire team of Hindustan Foods for another quarter of sharp 
execution. And as Sameer already highlighted, good to see the final details about the business in 
the presentation. So I have 3 broad questions. First is we have laid out a road map of FY '26 in 
terms of the capacity addition. 
 
But Sameer, if you were to stretch slightly for a longer time frame, say, for next 2, 3 years, how 
should one look at Hindustan Foods across, say, 3, 4 key vectors basically in terms of categories, 
whether there will be further scale up or extension. 
 
With that, how the growth rates can pan out and with the growth rates, how the return ratios and 
cash flow generation would look like, say, over a span of, say, next 2 to 3 years' time frame? 
That's my first question. 
Sameer Kothari: 
Akhil, so I think this is a much bigger question. And while we are working on it, and we'll come 
back with a definite plan maybe early next year, let me just address a very it at a very brief view. 
What we've tried to do is that we've highlighted our business in terms of the 5 different business 
categories that we are in. 
 
If you look at any of those single business categories, the total potential in terms of the business 
is extremely large. And that's what the idea is that in terms of even the disclosure that you were 
referring to and what I talked about earlier, we wanted to emphasize that across all of these 
business categories, we continue to invest money. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
There's one particular slide in the presentation, which talks about the -- how the capital allocation 
is being done across these business verticals because we believe that all of these business 
verticals have the potential for us to grow manifold times from where we are today. 
 
Now giving exact details of where we want to be in the next couple of years may not be 
appropriate and right for us to do it at this stage. But like I promised earlier, we definitely will 
come back early next year with some kind of a statement on that. 
Akhil Parekh: 
So just to pause on this point. So not the scale, but is it fair to assume that we can continue to 
grow our top line at say, 20% to 25% compounding with the categories which we are operating 
at right now for, say, at least next unforeseeable future? 
Sameer Kothari: 
So that's the endeavour. And if you look at the categories that we are in, we believe that 
irrespective of whatever happens in the macro environment in terms of slowdown, etc., I think 
we should be shielded from it. And we should be able to deliver at a company level the kind of 
numbers that we are aiming for, yes. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. Great. That's good to hear. And just highlighting on the return ratios and cash flow, maybe 
Mayank can also chip in and add how should one look at it, right? I mean we have already seen 
over the last 2 quarters, the share of shared manufacturing in terms of EBITDA has gone up now, 
like 27% sales as well as EBITDA is coming from shared. So the expectation is the return ratio, 
the ROE and ROCE profile of the business should improve further from here on, right, for the 
next 2, 3 years. That understanding is correct, I believe, right? 
Mayank Samdani: 
So Akhil, your understanding is correct. But I will put a caution to this that as we move towards 
the more shared manufacturing, it is the operating leverage is entirely upon us. As we have seen 
last year in the shoes business, we have suffered some losses in it. . 
 
And also today, the cash is in bank, so our return ratios is looking a little down. But as we go 
forward and invest these monies into the asset, which will give returns, the return ratios will 
come as per our expectation. 
 
And as we ramp up these businesses, the return ratios will also be in the higher degrees. So yes, 
you are correct that the return ratios will continue to grow and look better from what they are 
today. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sure. And my second question is on the sports shoe business, and we have given the quarterly 
run rate now of INR133 crores, which we did in second quarter, operating this business for the 
last 6 quarters. Is it -- are we comfortable now in this business in terms of supply chain 
management, working capital, etc.? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
And I believe this business will turn positive or has turned PAT positive this year, basically FY 
'26 and the return ratios are expected to be better than the company average. That's my second 
question. 
Sameer Kothari: 
So I'll address the question in terms of the potential of the shoe business, and then Mayank can 
probably answer specific questions about PAT, etc. But you're absolutely right. We've been 
working on this for the last 6 quarters. And finally, we managed to get a grip on the entire 
business. 
 
The integration is done, which is why we hit our highest ever turnover last quarter. We continue  
and given the confusion that we managed to cause in our last investor call, we've kind of clarified 
that for H2 as well, we'll be able to maintain the same kind of momentum in this business. 
 
We continue to be extremely confident and optimistic about this business, not only in terms of 
what we are currently doing, but also in terms of growth and which is why if you look at the 
capex, capital allocation, we continue to allocate capital to this business because we are 
confident that we'll be able to grow this further. Coming to the specifics about the numbers. 
Mayank Samdani: 
Sport shoe business, as I have answered in the earlier that it was in loss last year. We have 
managed to stabilize this business and the business is PAT positive now. And as we optimize and 
stabilize this business further and optimize the capacities further, we believe that the PAT 
percentage will be better than our current businesses, which we are delivering in very near future 
term. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sure. My third and last question before I get back in queue. On the ice cream backward 
integration, right, we have invested INR30-odd crores in capacity for 1 million cones per day. 
we have a number like what kind of sales that particular business was doing when we acquired 
it? Or what is -- if we were to sell the cones, what would happen to the potential? Or if you can 
highlight at what valuation we got this particular plant basically? 
 
And second is the backward integration through the stick manufacturing as well. What kind of 
benefits we should expect in terms of the margin profile basically or working capital 
improvement are expected because of these 2 investments? That's my last question. 
Sameer Kothari: 
So the cones manufacturing business, Akhil, should be able to generate about INR50-odd crores 
of turnover. And the sticks is a lower value item, should generate about INR10 crores odd of 
revenues, both put together, giving about INR60-odd crores I think more than the significance 
of that INR60 crores, I think what is more important is that this is a step in terms of backward 
integration. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
It's a step in terms of changing our business model, what I kind of referred in our opening 
remarks as well. This is a vendor relationship as opposed to what we've been comfortable, which 
is the dedicated manufacturing or the contract manufacturing. This is a vendor relationship 
where we will be responsible for gross margins, for net margins, etc. We will have the operating 
leverage benefits working in our favor as we ramp up capacity, etc. 
 
So I think more than the number of INR60 crores, I think what's more important is that from the 
nature of the business perspective, it's symbolic of what we are trying to do. The shift from 
dedicated manufacturing to these kind of business models is what I would urge your attention 
to. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Abhishek Mathur from Systematix Group. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
I wanted to check, we have already achieved a gross block of -- or we would be achieving a 
gross block of INR2,000 crores by the end of FY '26 as indicated in the presentation. We had 
earlier guided for an INR2,000 crores gross block by FY '27. I think we are ahead of schedule 
on that. 
 
So with that now being the case, what is the visibility that you will give on the FY '27 capex and 
gross block addition? I think out of the INR550 crores to INR570 crores indicated in the second 
half, I think only about INR40 crores which is indicated in the SMB capex would spill over into 
FY '27. Beyond that, what can we expect for FY '27 in terms of capex addition? That's my first 
question. 
Sameer Kothari: 
So Abhishek, I am not in a position to give you tangible numbers right now. There's a bunch of 
things happening in the pipeline, which we will come out with disclosures as and when we can. 
And these initiatives is in the pipeline include both organic as well as inorganic opportunities. 
 
Especially after the GST rationalization, we expect that the growth impetus at least for the 
various verticals that we are in, should be higher. Let us come back to you with specifics as and 
when we can. In terms of overall figure, we continue to be looking at similar kind of growth, 
something that we answered when Akhil was asking a similar question that our endeavor would 
be to continue to grow at a similar rate that we have in the last 3 to 4 years. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Right, Sir. Just a follow-up. Is it fair to assume that of the fresh capex as indicated in the 
presentation, only about INR40 crores is the one which is spilling over into FY '27 in the F&B 
business? 
Sameer Kothari: 
So Abhishek, we've announced an acquisition in HPC. We've announced some greenfield 
projects as well. The time lines of some of these projects would be beyond our control would be 

 
 
 
 
 
 
in terms of closing agreements with the seller, would be in terms of getting requisite government 
permissions, etc. 
 
So I would say difficult to exactly slice it and say that by 31st March, all of this will happen and 
all of this will not happen, give us some time and maybe in the investor call of the next quarter, 
we'll be able to come up with a better time line. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Sure, Sameer. And secondly, so I had asked this question maybe a couple of calls, I just wanted 
to get an update on that. On the shoe business, what is the sort of feedback that you're getting 
from clients in terms of the quality and finishing, etc., of the shoes manufactured? Is it as per 
their expectations? Or is there still some ways to go as far as these parameters are concerned? 
Sameer Kothari: 
So Abhishek, you would recollect that we acquired this facility in the north, especially because 
of the skill set that they had and the ability to deliver quality product. This factory incidentally  
has been manufacturing shoes for all of these multinational companies for more than 20 years. 
 
From a quality and a production perspective, while we did have issues in terms of supply chain 
and in terms of timely deliveries, from a quality perspective that's never been an issue. In terms 
of our South unit, which we set up new, there was a steep learning curve. 
 
And I'm happy to inform that even from that perspective, we have now been in this quarter, even 
the South factory has been able to stabilize both in terms of quality as well as in terms of 
production. So from that perspective, I don't see any major issues on that front. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
 Great, Sameer. And finally, any quantification of where we could land up as far as the shoe 
business PAT is concerned for FY '26? We've just turned PAT positive, maybe an INR10 crores 
to INR20 crores kind of a number. Any quantification you can give? 
Sameer Kothari: 
Abhishek, difficult to do that at this stage. But I can tell you that our target is that this business 
should deliver close to 5% PAT once we reach our optimum levels. So let's just say that we are 
working towards it, and it should happen sooner than later. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Bhavya Nahar from Tamohara Investment Managers. 
Bhavya Nahar: 
Congratulations on the good result. My first question is that so shared capacity as a percentage 
has been steadily increasing. So is there an internal limit that the company maintains on shared 
versus dedicated capacity? And how do you weave this balance going forward? 
Sameer Kothari: 
So Bhavya, I mean, I'm just being anal about it, but the fact that it has been increasing is by 
design and not by default. We've taken a lot of efforts to ensure that the nature of the business 

 
 
 
 
 
 
changes. If you look at the overall nature of business, while it is significant, we still see a lot of 
growth coming in. 
 
It's difficult to set up a limit in terms of what we will be doing because a part of this is also a 
response to the changing ecosystem in the FMCG market, right, whether it is new brands coming 
in, whether it is the ask of our existing customers, whether it is the growing importance of the 
platforms and the distribution people. 
 
So from that perspective, I think it would be difficult for us to tell you that this is a red line which 
we won't cross in terms of dedicated versus shared. It's something that we're very cognizant 
about. It's something that we worked hard about. 
 
And actually, we look at it in a very positive way that the higher percentage of shared 
manufacturing that we've been able to garner allows us to unlock the operating leverage in 
various factories, which we, at some point of time, hope will better our return ratios as well. 
Bhavya Nahar: 
Got it. And secondly, could you elaborate on the company's outlook for the OTC Healthcare 
segment? Like what sort of growth do we see there in the future? And what sort of products 
maybe? 
Sameer Kothari: 
So the OTC Pharma, a vertical of ours actually has done well, though it's not visible in terms of 
our financials, etc., because the industry as such is a very long gestation industry. So while we've 
signed on a couple of new customers, by the time we actually start delivering the products to 
them after having completed their validation trials, etc., is a gap of nearly 6 to 8 months in one 
case. 
 
And in case of multinational companies, it's nearly about 1 year, 1.5 years. From a perspective 
of both our sites, which is the one in South as well as the one in North, we are reasonably 
confident of having fully utilized the capacity which is available at both of those sites. That's -- 
yes, that's what I can say right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayur Parkeria from Wealth Managers India Private 
Limited. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
So congratulations to the entire team for a good set of numbers. After a reasonably long period 
of time, we are seeing operating leverage to kick in. So with that, I have a couple of clarifications 
to ask and then a little top of the slightly broader question to ask. 
 
So the first thing is just a clarification. The capex summary slide, which we have where we have 
given the outlook for INR2,000 crores, there we start with March '25 numbers as INR1,220 
crores and we have written a note, you can exclude the CWIP and intangibles in this. But if we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
look at the actual audited numbers, the gross block is INR1,550 crores and net block is INR1,000 
crores. Intangibles are only INR8 crores. CWIP is anyway separate than INR1,500 crores. So 
what is this INR1,220 crores number which we are having this? I just wanted some clarification 
on that. 
Mayank Samdani: 
So there is the ROU, right-to-use asset of around INR60 crores, INR70 crores in this. There is a 
CWIP, which is there, right? And then there is an interest. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
It does not include. It says it does not include that. 
Mayank Samdani: 
INR1,220 crores does not include any of it. It is just the commercialized capex. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Correct. So INR1,550 crores is the gross block of March '25, which includes everything. Okay. 
So how much we need to ROU, CWIP is excluding that, INR1,550 crores plus CWIP was 
INR100 and odd INR50 crores, which is excluding that. So I'm not counting CWIP INR1,550 
crores? 
Mayank Samdani: 
No, when we -- in the first slide, when you look at INR1,550 crores, we have written that it 
includes CWIP also. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. I was referring to the audited balance sheet number. So there, the gross block of INR1,550 
crores does not include -- so Okay. I'll recheck, but there is INR120 crores of CWIP? 
Mayank Samdani: 
We will separately do that, and I will give you the reconciliation of this, yes. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. Because there's a huge INR300 crore difference, which I'm unable to understand and 
reconcile the starting point... 
Mayank Samdani: 
You are talking about the March '25 number, right? 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes, yes. Because March '25, we are starting with INR1,220 crores. March 
'25 gross block, which excludes CWIP, our intangibles are barely INR8 crores. Now if you say 
ROU are INR65 crores, INR70 crores? 
Mayank Samdani: 
There is some accounting adjustment which we need to do where we take over some of the -- 
when we take over some of the assets or some of the businesses, we have to take the gross block 
of that time, not our paid-up value for that business. So I'll give you the reconciliation, don't 
worry. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Because everything for us, the discussion is moving around INR2,000 crores, which has a base 
of INR1,220 and that number becomes important to understand, there is a huge INR300 crores... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Mayank Samdani: 
Don't worry. We will give you the reconciliation  
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. Okay. So that was one. Secondly, we -- as somebody -- one more participant also tried to 
ask is we had a target of INR1,800 crores on this same INR2,000 crores like-to-like for March 
'26, and then we had INR2,000 crores for March '27. You have given the breakup of the -- 
wherever you are planning to spend. But a slightly broader level, what led to this INR200 crores 
kind of rise at a capex increment, if you can just throw some light? 
 
And because we will be spending INR700 crores, including acquisitions, I understand, INR770 
crores in this year, next year, it definitely gives us a slightly -- from a cash flow perspective, and 
I'll ask that question separately, but INR770 crores, then it gives us just a number -- just a thought 
what can it be the number because we are on an aggressive capex plan. 
 
But if we look at our sales growth, even a good number in this quarter is 17%, 16% growth. We 
are still not clocking our aspirations of 25% kind of numbers. So on one side, the capex intensity 
continues to rise. On the other side, the sales growth still lags our own aspiration. So can you 
help us reconcile both sides of the -- one is the capex side and the other is the sales side growth? 
Sameer Kothari: 
Sure. Mayur,  I mean, first of all, I'm assuming it's a good thing that we are doing more capex 
than what we had projected and a little earlier. The reason we are doing it earlier is because we've 
signed on 2 acquisitions. The cone manufacturing facility that we acquired just -- we announced 
the acquisition about a week ago, that's about around INR30-odd crores. 
 
And in addition to that, we've -- in this quarter -- in this investor presentation, we've announced 
another acquisition, which is a facility in Home & Personal Care, which is another INR40-odd 
crores. 
 
What we have announced also in this quarter is that we've signed 2 more contracts in the Food 
& Beverages segment, one in flavoured yogurt segment and the other in bottled water segment. 
So from that perspective, this -- and this will continue to be the way that we grow. 
 
So from that perspective, while we will give guidance, we certainly hope that this guidance will 
get beaten. We will continue to look at M&A. We will continue to look at any kind of 
opportunities that come our way, especially with the changes that have happened in terms of 
GST, in terms of the income tax cut, reduction of interest. And the falling inflation, we believe 
that this growth should get accelerated, if anything else. 
 
Now coming to the sales perspective, we've explained this before, and I'd like to take a minute 
to explain this again. In our case, some of our contracts would be on job work basis, which 

 
 
 
 
 
 
means that the raw material and the packing material will not flow into the top line. However, 
the bottom line would reflect the entire sweating of the assets. 
 
So if you look at an asset turn for a project or for a contract where there is only job work income 
being booked, this would not be the same as where raw material and packing materials are being 
built into our books. 
 
So in quite a few of these cases, especially when we are dealing with multinational beverage 
companies as well as some of the ice cream guys, the nature of the contract is that they supply 
us with the raw material packing material, and we earn what is in our terminology called 
conversion costs, which is why our growth in sales may trail the growth in capex. 
 
However, our PAT, our EBITDA will always be in sync with the growth in capex, subject to the 
time lag in terms of commissioning of those assets. Does that answer your question, Mayur? 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Yes. I understand that -- so only thing is, given the longevity of time now, we were hoping for 
numbers to start talking the same directional. I understand and it's a business and -- but does that 
-- the numbers still lag reasonably well behind our own estimate. That's the only thing I wish the 
numbers would do a little bit more of this directional statement. So I understand that. You have 
our support, but that's the part I was looking for. 
Sameer Kothari: 
At the expense of antagonizing the other people in the queue, let's address that in detail. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
yes. 
Sameer Kothari: 
I'm very curious to -- so let's look at what numbers you're talking about. If you're looking at the 
PAT number, the PAT number has grown at more than... 
Mayur Parkeria: 
No, no. no, no, the top line growth of 20%, 25% -- and given the fact that our understanding -- 
so if we remove the -- again, pardon me for a slightly detailed description here, other participants 
also. But just a little more under, if we remove the Home and Personal Care, historically, we 
have seen good capital returns and the margins were in the region of 6%, 7%. We used to have 
that ROCE, which is in place. 
 
Now with ice cream, shoes, beverages increasing, you may reiterate the kind of capital returns 
which we can see and the margin, which will help us to get more clarity. But the timing of those 
growth, which can come in is something which needs a little more clarity and visibility before I 
think we harp on the next leg of the aggressive because if the sales growth continues to be in 
teens or less than 20%, but our capex continues to be this high, that's the -- directionally, we 
understand the business. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
And I'm not denying that there are contracts which will have different ways and the margins will 
get booked. But the top line growth continues to significantly trail our understanding and the 
capex, which has happened and the visibility of capex, which is there? 
Sameer Kothari: 
Top line growth will also be affected, like I said, by the nature of the contract. It would be 
affected by the deflation in commodities, especially in case of some of the agricultural 
commodities, which has seen a deflation of nearly 20-odd percent in the last year or so. If you 
read today's headline numbers, which says that the inflation for the country has come down to 
0.25% on the back of food prices, etc. 
 
So I would urge you not to get too fussed about the top line number. As I said, our EBITDA 
number as well as our PAT number should grow in sync with the capex. And given the changing 
nature of the business in terms of shared manufacturing, etc., we are hoping that, that should 
grow even faster because of the operating leverage and unlocking of the efficiencies in case of 
our shared manufacturing. That's, I think, the bottom line. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. Small 2 questions, just clarity again, and that's my last -- on the shoe business, can we say 
now that we are well behind the headwinds in terms of our understanding, the way the business 
is catching up and the issues which were there. Are we firmly behind it and there are no -- there 
won't be any further hiccups as far as the growth or the margins on the shoe side is concerned? 
That is one. 
 
And secondly, on the second side, if my understanding is right, we are now on a run rate of 
INR4,000 crores top line. If we say 8.2%, 8.3% EBITDA, that still gives us around INR350 
crores of EBITDA. And we will adjust that for working capital needs. In the opening remarks, 
you mentioned that the incremental capex will be all taken internally accruals. But if we have 
excess to INR300 crores, INR350 crores, how do we go ahead in the next year? Some colour on 
that and the shoe business? That will be all from my side, and thank you. 
Sameer Kothari: 
Sure. So let me address the shoe business part, and then Mayank can probably walk you through 
the cash flows, etc. As far as the shoe business is concerned, yes, we are -- the worst, as you put 
in, is definitely behind us. I think it has been a steep learning curve, both in terms of supply 
chain management as well as ramping up of the new capacities, etc. 
 
However, we continue to be very, very optimistic and enthusiastic in terms of growth, which 
means we continue to allocate capital to grow this business. Like is the nature of this business, 
any new facility will have its own ramping up curve. But at least for the existing facilities, which 
is the one in the North and the South, we are definitely seeing that the worst is behind us. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Great to hear that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Sameer Kothari: 
In terms of the cash flows... 
Mayank Samdani: 
So Mayur, in the opening remarks, we have told that the funding of these capex will be through 
internal accruals and prudent debt. So as we have mentioned in earlier calls also that we are okay 
to take or the Board has approved to take the 1:1 debt equity ratio. So we will certainly leverage 
this internal accruals to the prudent debt, which can go up to 1:1 here. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. Okay. So on INR1,000 crores net worth, we are -- this we could exclude the lease liabilities 
as well. So we are almost there, right? So you mean to say incremental profit and incremental 
borrowings can happen to that extent. Is that understanding right? 
Sameer Kothari: 
Currently, we are at 0.67 in terms of our debt-equity ratio from a net debt perspective. So if you 
look at taking that up to about 1:1, you're talking about around INR400 crores right there. In 
addition to that, we have been able to generate cash flow from operations of about INR100-odd 
crores in the first half itself. 
 
Assuming that we maintain the same run rate, that's about INR200 crores in a year, hopefully 
the second half, like Ganesh was referring earlier, should be better than the first half, in which 
case, if you're talking about INR200 crores, INR225 crores of internal accruals in terms of cash 
generation plus the headroom in terms of debt, that's what Mayank was referring to. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ankit Dharamshi from RNM Capital Trust. 
Sameer Kothari: 
We seem to have lost Ankit. 
Moderator: 
Yes, we have disconnected Ankit. So next question comes from the line of Sanjay Mahajan from 
Wealthwise Capital. 
Sanjay Mahajan: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I have a question which segment we are going to benefit 
because of the GST rationalization. That's my first question. And from the capacity utilization 
perspective, where do we stand now? And the third is, by when do we see the ice cream facility 
capex going live? 
Sameer Kothari: 
So the GST should benefit most of the business verticals that we are in; 2 verticals, which we 
are very keenly awaiting the entire fallout of the GST changes. One is in ice creams, where we 
believe that the fall in the GST should really change the consumption and increase the 
consumption as far as ice creams is concerned. 
 
And the second thing that we mentioned even in our previous call is on bottled beverages and 
bottled water specifically. Bottled water, the GST has been brought down to a situation where 

 
 
 
 
 
 
we believe that a lot of the unorganized players will now face competition from the organized 
players. 
 
And since we deal with the larger organized players, we believe that we should be able to unlock 
some growth in that category as well. In addition to that, there has been GST changes in a lot of 
other of our FMCG products as well. As time goes by, I'm sure that should play and trickle down 
to us across all of those categories. 
 
In terms of the ramping up of the ice cream -- sorry, Sanjay? 
Sanjay Mahajan: 
Please go ahead. 
Sameer Kothari: 
In terms of -- in terms of the ice cream facilities is concerned, like Ganesh mentioned earlier, the 
Sandila facility is working at its full capacity. Nashik started production in the previous quarter. 
We are gradually ramping it up, and we should be at full capacity by -- in time for the season, 
which is Q3 end and Q4 beginning and the whole of Q4 for that matter. 
 
In terms of the Panipat facility, which is the new facility, we expect to start commercial 
production by Q4 of this financial year, assuming that it will take a couple of months for ramping 
up. I think the capacity will be fully ramped up by Q1 of next financial year. 
Sanjay Mahajan: 
So out of 353, which is pending CWIP, how much do you see we'll be able to start utilizing and 
utilize in this season. So we'll be able to capture and sweat the asset for this season, Q4 of FY 
'26? 
Sameer Kothari: 
Sanjay, we obviously will start production across all of them. The sweating part is the question 
because as you can imagine, setting up a factory with an investment of about INR250 crores, 
hiring about 500 people to work in that factory entails some amount of ramp-up. While all of 
these assets will get commercialized, the ramping up is what we said will happen as far as 
Panipat is concerned between Q4 and Q1. 
Sanjay Mahajan: 
Okay. And I just heard the previous analyst and help me understand if I'm correct, the right way 
to look at our business is not from the sales metric, it would be better to look at the EBITDA 
number and the growth in the EBITDA number because a lot of the way our businesses are there 
without raw material and with raw material can skew the sales number and will make it difficult 
for us to have a right picture on the business. Am I correct on it? 
Sameer Kothari: 
Absolutely, Sanjay. And that's the reason, thanks to the SGA team, we've started giving out more 
disclosures in terms of even the sales within dedicated share versus the EBITDA in dedicated 
share and the PAT numbers. So yes, you're absolutely right. And if I may, I think any business 
should be evaluated only on the basis of PAT and not on anything else. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Sanjay Mahajan: 
Okay. And is it fair to understand that a lot of business dynamic has fallen in our benefit with 
emergence or the growth in the quick commerce because obviously that's probably prevailing 
our confidence and the numbers with a lot of players would be liking to use our expertise and 
grow the business. 
 
This question might sound slightly lean because the way I see the margin -- operating margins 
to stay intact in our case and the way we are trying to ramp up our capacities and the way the 
numbers are flowing in, it really gives a lot of conviction and hope in the business. 
 
But what the market -- the way market is evaluating our business or valuating our business since 
2021, the investment community doesn't seem to have understood, am I missing out any picture? 
That's point one. And point two for this is, again, is there any other global businesses that we 
can look at and try to understand where the pug is moving for us? 
Sameer Kothari: 
Sanjay, at some point of time, people are going to think that we paid you to ask this question. 
Sanjay Mahajan: 
No. But it's pretty baffling because since 2021 to '25... 
Sameer Kothari: 
We completely understand your question. So let me address 2 points, right? Obviously, the 
market valuation is something that I can't address and the understanding of the market, I can't 
address. What we can do is improve our disclosures. What we can do is better explain our 
business model. We started that journey with our investor presentation this quarter, and we 
expect to do that further, and that's how we will address that problem. 
 
The part about quick commerce and the part about the changing ecosystem is absolutely bang 
on. I think the FMCG ecosystem is evolving. I think in the next few years, we will see major 
changes in terms of market players, in terms of brand shares, etc. And we, at our end, are trying 
to ensure that we have an equal share or an equal footing in all of these new developments. 
 
So if you see our changes, and I referred to that in our opening remarks as well, -- we've managed 
to get our foot in the door with the newer brands. We are increasing our wallet share with the 
traditional and the legacy incumbents. We are working with the channel players, etc. 
 
And not only that, we are also trying to allocate capital to segments within FMCG where we see 
there will be greater amount of growth. Even the disparity between, let's say, urban consumption 
or the consumption between Gen Z and the rest, we are trying to ensure that our exposure is 
across all these categories. So from that perspective, we think we have a good runway ahead of 
us, Sanjay. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Sanjay Mahajan: 
Okay. And last, just the question I asked is, are there any global players that we actually -- our 
business model is comparable to them or we aspire and look forward to those competitors and 
try to get some clarity for the investment community to understand our business model better? 
Sameer Kothari: 
Sanjay, you would have to look at global peers in comparison to our BUs now. And that's the 
idea why we've also started looking at our business in separate verticals. There are players who 
are contract manufacturers in beverages. There are players globally who are contract 
manufacturers for the shoe business. 
 
They are very, very large players, obviously, in OTC pharma, in HPC and foods. So from that 
perspective, now that we have taken some steps in terms of evaluating our performance 
internally across these BUs, I think over a period of time, we should be able to get to a situation 
where the investor community can also evaluate us within those verticals against global 
benchmarks. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chetan, an Individual Investor. 
Chetan: 
I have a quick question. Any revenue guidance for next 2 years and margin guidance as well? 
Sameer Kothari: 
Chetan, we cannot give revenue guidance or margin guidance. We've given some amount of 
guidance in terms of our gross blocks. We've given some amount of guidance in terms of what 
we are doing as far as the business is concerned. Beyond that, it would be difficult to give any 
more specific numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ankit Dharamshi from RNM Capital Trust. 
Ankit Dharamshi: 
So my question is on the shoe business. I think you have kind of explained everything in very 
detail. Just 2 follow-up questions. Given the assessment that we have been maintaining and the 
way we are looking to -- and our gross block for shoe business is 140. With a similar run rate, is 
it fair that we will be able to double the revenue in FY '27 or we will require the ramp-ups as 
guided earlier that we need to double our workforce from 5,000 to, say, 10,000 on that? 
 
And secondly, the earlier participant had asked about the market perception. I had the similar 
query with the company now diversifying into these new categories, particularly footwear. Are 
we considering some kind of a rebranding exercise to move beyond Hindustan Foods and I mean 
our ability to reflect better the entire broader business portfolio? Yes. 
Sameer Kothari: 
Okay. Ankit, I'm sorry, I wasn't very clear on the first part of the question. Can you just repeat 
that for me? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Ankit Dharamshi: 
Yes. So I was saying since for ice cream business, the gross block that we are looking to end is 
INR140 crores, right? -- right? Yes, shoe business, shoe business, sorry. And the kind of asset 
turn that we have been maintaining until now; with the similar asset turn, I think we should be 
able to double revenue in FY '27 for the shoe business. 
 
But then it also requires additional workforce to be ramped up, right? Is it fair to assume that we 
will be able to scale up that or the asset turn will be muted and not matching the current asset 
turn that we have been maintaining for shoe business? 
Sameer Kothari: 
Okay. Okay. Now I understand. So Ankit, you are absolutely right. In case of the shoe business, 
asset turns -- I mean, the overall business has to do a lot with labor. Any kind of increase that we 
do in terms of turnover, whether we do it through the capex or not, we would have to increase 
our labor component. 
 
The capex that we have indicated, which we are increasing is a combination of new capacity and 
also debottlenecking of our existing capacities. That debottlenecking of our existing capacities 
is leading to the improvement in the margin of our shoe business that we talked about that we 
are hoping that sooner rather than later, we'll be able to get to a better leverage -- operating 
leverage in the shoe business. But your point is absolutely right that in terms of hiring new 
people, any increase in terms of capacity would require new people. 
Ankit Dharamshi: 
So FY '27, we will not be able to double the revenue, I mean the revenue that we have been 
generating right now, right? Is it possible to double? 
Sameer Kothari: 
I cannot give you an exact number in terms of what we will be able to do in FY '27 as far as the 
shoes is concerned. I can just structurally guide you, which is that beyond the debottlenecking 
and beyond the improving the efficiencies of the existing factory, if we set up new factories or 
we set up new capacities, we would require new people, we would require to train them and we 
would require to do the same ramp-up exercise that we did in the South factories. 
Ankit Dharamshi: 
Got it. And my second question again was that since now we have diversified into the categories 
like footwear, right? So as a company, are we considering some rebranding exercise so that our 
identity reflects better overall the broader business that we are having now? 
Sameer Kothari: 
Ankit, the rebranding exercise, I'll let the Head of Corporate Communications answer this. 
Vimal Solanki: 
Ankit, this is Vimal Solanki. We've actually discussed this a few times, but the kind of name that 
we have, which is Hindustan Foods, it's difficult to get a name like this in current times. For 
now, we will stay with Hindustan Foods. Everybody is in love with that. 
Moderator: 
Does that answer your question, Mr. Ankit? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Ankit Dharamshi: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
In the interest of time, we will take this as the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Vimal Solanki, Head, Corporate Communications and Emerging Business of Hindustan Foods 
Limited for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vimal Solanki: 
Thank you, Shlok. So the first half has reinforced the strength and balance of our operating 
model, which is consistent execution, disciplined cost management and a sharper capital 
allocation. Our financial position remains strong, supported by healthy cash flows and prudent 
leverage, giving us flexibility to pursue growth and focus and intent. 
 
Diversification across categories and customers continues to anchor our resilience, helping us 
sustain momentum despite near-term fluctuations. We are also deepening our sustainability 
agenda, so transitioning fully to green power through a group captive solar source, introducing 
Bio Briquettes boilers and adopting recycled packaging plastic packaging. 
 
Each step strengthens our commitment to responsible growth. As we move forward, our 
priorities remain clear: scale new growth engines, strengthen existing operations and embed 
sustainability across everything we do. Hindustan Foods today stands more agile, future-ready 
and purpose-driven, continuing to create enduring value for all our stakeholders. 
 
Thank you for your continued trust and partnership. We look forward to keeping this momentum 
and your smiles intact next quarter too. Should you require any further information, please feel 
free to reach out to us or connect with SGA, that is Strategic Growth Advisors, our IR partners. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Hindustan Foods Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
