 
 
 
 
 
Emmvee Photovoltaic Power Limited 
(Formerly Emmvee Photovoltaic Power Private Limited) 
Registered Office: 13/1, International Airport Road, Bettahalasuru Post, Bengaluru - 562 157, Karnataka, India 
 | Phone: +91 80 2217 4328/33 | Tele Fax: +91 80 2846 7801 
 info@emmvee.in  |         
       www.emmveepv.com| CIN: U26101KA2007PLC042197 
 
 To, 
 
BSE Limited 
20th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 544608 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: EMMVEE 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q2FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on December 2, 2025.  
 
Further to our communication dated November 27, 2025, and December 2, 2025, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Earning Conference Call held on Tuesday, December 2, 2025, at 
04:00 p.m. to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025. 
 
This intimation shall also be available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.emmveepv.com/investors. 
 
This is for your kind information and dissemination. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For and on behalf of Emmvee Photovoltaic Power Limited 
(Formerly known as Emmvee Photovoltaic Power Private Limited) 
  
 
 
Shailesha Barve 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership Number: A50601 
 
Date: December 8, 2025 
Place: Bengaluru 
Shailesha Barve
Digitally signed by Shailesha Barve 
Date: 2025.12.08 19:57:53 +05'30'

Emmvee Photovoltaic Power Limited
Transcript of  Earnings Call Q2FY26 
Vinita: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call of Emmvee Photovoltaic Power Limited (“Emmvee”), hosted by Raadhi Advisors and 
JM Financial. I am the moderator for today's call. As a reminder, all attendees will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. If you have any questions, please feel free to press the raise hand 
button. We will call on you in turn and unmute your line so you can speak. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. Kindly also note that the audio of the 
earnings call is a corporate material of Emmvee and cannot be copied, re-broadcasted or 
attributed in the PR media without specific and written consent of the company. 
Please note that anything said on this call that reflects the outlook towards the future, which 
can be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with the 
risks that the company faces. A copy of the disclosure is available on the Investor Relations 
section of the website as well as on the stock exchanges. 
To give you an in-depth understanding of the company and answer all your queries, we have 
from the management side today: Mr. Manjunatha D.V., Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Suhas Manjunatha, President and CEO; and Mr. Pawan Kumar Jain, the Chief Financial 
Officer. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Manjunatha for his opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Manjunatha D.V.: Good evening to all our esteemed investors, analysts, partners and well-
wishers joining us today. This is our first interaction after listing, and I am honoured to welcome 
you to Emmvee’s Q2 results discussion. 
Today marks an important milestone, not just in our financial calendar, but in the journey of 
Emmvee as a newly listed company. Over the last few months, we have experienced a 
remarkable transition from a closely held organization to a publicly listed enterprise, 
accountable to a larger community of shareholders. And I want to begin by saying thank you 
for your trust, your belief, and your confidence in Emmvee’s vision. 
Our Q2 results reflect resilience, operational discipline, and demand visibility. We have 
continued to strengthen our manufacturing ecosystem, expand customer engagement, and 
maintain quality and reliability as the core of our business. What I want to emphasize is not 

 
just the numbers, but the consistency of execution across all units and the solid momentum we 
are seeing across domestic and international markets. 
As the Chairman, my first message to the investor community is simple: Emmvee will remain 
a transparent, compliant, well-governed institution. This is not only our obligation; it is our 
core value. You will see us strengthening board oversight, internal controls, ESG practices, and 
disclosures every quarter. Our commitment is to build an organization that earns long-term 
trust, not short-term appreciation. 
The next few years will be transformational for both Indian solar manufacturing sector and 
Emmvee. We are deeply aligned with the nation’s green energy goals, and our strategy is built 
around four pillars. We are investing in world-class module and cell manufacturing and moving 
firmly into advanced technology that keeps Emmvee competitive on a global scale. Demand 
visibility is strong. We are strengthening relationships with IPPs, Utilities, EPCs, Corporates, 
and international customers with focus on export as part of our strategic roadmap. Automation, 
digitization, SAP-driven control systems, and discipline of management remain focus areas. 
We are committed to enhancing yield, reducing wastage, and maximizing assets productivity. 
ESG is not an additional layer for us; it is integrated into how we build and operate plants, 
manage people, and design product. 
Let me state this clearly: clear communication, sensible capital allocation, balanced leverage, 
quality-driven expansion, moderate sustainable growth, continued focus on delivering returns. 
This is how we intend to build long-term shareholders value. 
For me, as the Founder and Chairman, this quarter is symbolic. It is the first time I am speaking 
to you as a listed company, and I want you to know Emmvee is at an inflection point. We have 
the experience of three decades, the energy of a young organization, and the ambition to 
compete globally. Our foundation is strong, our direction is clear, and our team is deeply 
passionate about where we are headed. You have placed your trust in Emmvee, and we will 
honor that trust every single day. 
With that, I once again thank you, each of you, for joining us today, for your confidence and 
your partnership. We look forward to your questions and open, constructive discussions after 
hearing Mr. Suhas. Thank you. 
Suhas Manjunatha: Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I am Suhas 
Manjunatha, the CEO and President of Emmvee. I will take you through Emmvee’s Q2 and H1 
results for Financial Year 2026, our performance, the operational progress we made, and how 
our capacity expansion pipeline is shaping the next phase of growth. 
Q2 FY 2026 was another quarter of meaningful scale-up for Emmvee. Revenue from operations 
for the quarter stood at 1,131 crore, that is up by 181% year-on-year and 10% sequentially 
quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA came in at 399 crore, translating to 35% margin, supported by 
higher utilization and improved product mix. PAT for the quarter was 238 crore at a 21% 
margin. 

 
For H1 FY 2026, revenue grew 193% year-on-year to 2,159 crore, and PAT increased nearly 
seven times over the same period last year. The growth continues to be driven by higher module 
volumes and operating leverage from our expanded footprint. 
On the operations side, we are tracking well against our planned scale-up. Our installed 
capacity today stands at 7.8 gigawatt of modules and 2.94 gigawatt of cells. Our confirmed 
order book of over 5 gigawatt gives us clear visibility for the next 12 to 18 months. A large part 
of our focus this quarter has been on stabilizing our newly commissioned 2.5 gigawatt module 
facility at Sulibele, which is now operating smoothly. 
Our capacity expansion program continues on schedule. The second 2.5 gigawatt module line 
will come online in FY 2026. Work has commenced on our 6 GW  integrated cell and module 
facility at ITIR Phase 2 in Bangalore. We have secured IREDA’s loan sanction of INR 3,306 
crore for this project. These additions significantly strengthen our integrated manufacturing 
platform and keep us competitive on cost, technology, and delivery timelines. 
Our Q2 EBITDA margin of 35% was supported by higher utilization, benefits of integration, 
product mix, and structural cost efficiencies. As volumes ramp up further, our goal is to 
maintain margins broadly around the current band while staying competitive and continuing to 
invest in technology upgrades and backward integration. 
Following our IPO, we have already repaid 1,621 crore of long-term debt. The balance sheet is 
now stronger, leaner, and better positioned to support our growth pipeline. 
To summarize: demand visibility is strong, execution across capacities is stable, margin 
performance remains disciplined, and the balance sheet is significantly de-risked from IPO 
proceeds utilization. These fundamentals give us confidence in our ability to scale predictably 
and deliver consistent performance as we move into the second half of the year. 
With that, I will hand the call over to Vinita to take us through the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Suhas. We will now open the call for questions. Kindly raise your 
hand to ask a question. We will unmute your line. As a reminder, we request all participants to 
restrict themselves to two questions and come back in the queue. 
The first question is from Kaushal Sharma. Kaushal, please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
Kaushal Sharma:  
Moderator: Kaushal, unmute yourself. 
Kaushal Sharma:  
Moderator:  I’ll take a few questions from the chat box. 
“What is your R&D spend? How has it grown in the last five years? Does the grid have capacity 
to absorb electricity generated by solar?” 

 
Suhas Manjunatha: So, that is a two-part question. So, one is on the R&D spend and the 
growth over the last five years. So, I mean, without having numbers in front of me, what I will 
talk about is, you know, we have recently moved into TopCon cell manufacturing. And as you 
know, Emmvee has been a leader in adapting new technologies. Similar to, like, we have been 
one of the first TopCon cell manufacturers. So there has been a lot of technical expertise that 
has gone into choosing this right technology. When it comes to cell manufacturing, what is 
very important is, there are two types of R&D here, right? One is a product R&D and the other 
process R&D. And Emmvee has a team of process R&D, who hold PhDs, and they are focused 
on process improvements and keeping the company at the forefront of the industry. And that is 
what we are focused on doing today. 
And point number two, when we are talking about the grid having the capacity to absorb 
electricity from solar... see, there is a transition that we are seeing made in the installations that 
are happening, the bids that are being done. Where there is an implementation of Round-The-
Clock systems with integration of Battery Energy Storage Systems. So, with this best 
integration, the dependency or the, you know, the over-utilization of the transmission lines have 
been eased out, and that is being a more sustainable way of going forward. And very, on a 
positive side, even though there is the battery integration is there, solar is still with the battery 
integration and Round-The-Clock, solar is still now the cheapest form of electricity, which 
becomes a very good tailwind for us. 
Moderator: I’ll go to the next question. “What is the current order book? What is the time 
frame to fulfil this order?” 
Suhas Manjunatha: As I said, the current order book we have is over 5 GW right now. And 
usually our order book, if you see the history also, is about 12 to 18 months is the timeline that 
it takes to operationalize this order. 
Moderator: I’ll go to the next question. “As a large chunk of capital raised through IPO was 
used to repay debt, will it result in increment of profit margin in upcoming quarters? What 
amount was used earlier in repayment per quarter and what will it become after the repayment 
using IPO proceeds?” 
Pawan Kumar Jain: Yeah, so we have repaid a total of 1,621 crores from the IPO proceeds. 
So after repayment, the company’s long-term debt is around 100 crore, plus some small 
working capital fund utilisation. And out of this 100 crore also, we’ll be repaying almost 45 
crores in next two quarters. So, by end of March ‘26, it will be around 50-55 crore long-term 
debt. And with the reduction in long-term debt around 1621 crore, there will be reduction in 
the interest outgo by around 35 to 40 crores quarterly. 
Moderator: Okay. The next question is... “What is the peak revenue potential per one GW and 
what amount of Capex is required for one GW TopCon facility?” 
Suhas Manjunatha: So, I’ll just give a flavor on what we have done. Like today if you see, 
with a 7.8 gigawatt of module capacity with us today, our H1 results clearly show that we have 
a revenue of 2,191 crore. So that is the revenue potential that a 7.8 gigawatt of module is having 

 
at the current utilization levels that we are having today. And our Capex outlook for the 6 
gigawatt of integrated facility of TopCon cell and module is about 5,500 crores. So, per 
gigawatt basis, I think you can work it out based on that. 
And on EBITDA margin questions, since we started manufacturing cells, that is in September 
2024 onwards, we have seen Emmvee’s consistent delivery of over three quarters now at the 
range of what we are enjoying today, that is 30 to 35%. So this is something that we have 
shown, not just as a one quarter, but continuously over three quarters now. 
Moderator: Thank you for that answer. Next question is from the line of Vinay. “The current 
capacity ramp up across industry have overcapacity concerns. What is the management view 
about the current industry status? Are there any new government support coming of PLI or 
ALMM?” 
Suhas Manjunatha: Okay. So, see for the capacity... for the overcapacity situation, I’ll just 
talk about, like you know, where Emmvee stands, right? So if you see... Emmvee has a 
manufacturing experience of over three decades now. Like we have been in the industry for a 
very long time now. And we have proven our capability of being a long-term reliable, high-
quality module manufacturer in this industry. We have a proven track record of establishing 
cell facility as well as operating the cell facility. And these are certain things that a customer of 
ours would look for, right? Today, apart from that, when we talk about quality, we have seen 
that Emmvee’s warranty claim rate, what was also published in our prospectus, was less than 
0.008% for the average of last three years. And last year was less than 0.0002%. So these are 
certain things where Emmvee is put at the top of the evaluation matrixfor any developer that 
we would talk about. 
And more importantly, when we talk about the overcapacity situation, I’ll just draw an analogy 
to module capacity and demand of last year. To give you a perspective of how fragmented the 
industry is and what exactly is going on in this industry. So if you look at that, last year in 2025 
financial year, India consumed about 34 gigawatt of modules. And we exported 7 gigawatt of 
modules. So that is 41 gigawatt of modules that were either consumed or exported from India. 
Now with a 82 gigawatt of installed capacity of modules last year, India imported 15 gigawatt 
of modules last year. So that bringing it to 26 gigawatt of modules only that was manufactured 
by Indian manufacturers, either for export or for domestic consumption. For that kind of 
anumber of only 26 gigawatt of actual utilization out of 82 gigawatt of capacity, the companies 
like Emmvee are delivering numbers year on year. So that is something the fragmentation the 
industry has, and serious players in this industry are the ones those are relied on for the demand 
from developers. 
And even if you see on the demand side, I’ll talk about Q1 data, India added about 12 gigawatt 
of solar installation in the country on the AC side. If you convert to DC side, that is usually 1.2 
to 1.4 times, that will basically mean that about 15 gigawatt of installation happened in India 
for a single quarter. If you annualize it, we are talking about 60 gigawatt of installation, which 
means a demand of 60 gigawatt is expected from the country this year.  

 
Moderator: Thank you, Suhas. We will now move to the questions. The next question is from 
Mr. Subramanium Yadav. I’m bringing you on screen, Mr. Subramanium. Please unmute 
yourself. 
Subramanium Yadav: Thank you very much. Sir, if you can share out of our order book of 5 
gigawatt, how much would be DCR orders? 
Suhas Manjunatha: Yeah, thank you, Sir, out of our order book of 5 gigawatt, about 20% of 
orders would be DCR orders. 
Subramanium Yadav: Okay. And sir, if you can highlight also what is our plan of the 
backward integration into wafer and ingots? And would that be coming up along with our 
existing integrated facility in ITIR 2? 
Manjunatha D.V.: Ah, sure, sir. With respect to our backward integration plan, as you have 
seen that Emmvee has started manufacturing of cells at the right time where it was neither too 
early nor too late for the market. We got in the right... we also got in the latest technology when 
it came to solar cell manufacturing. Similarly, we are cognizant of the fact that ALMM List 3 
roadmap for that has been announced by the government.  We have the understanding of June 
2028 timeline as of today. And with that in mind, we have a plan to backward integrate into 
wafers and ingots. But the timeline for that is something that we would like to closely watch 
on the developments and announce our plans so that we are not too early or too late in that 
perspective. 
Subramanium Yadav: Okay, sir. And finally, sir, if you can give some guidance on the 
utilization part of solar cell. Because in Q2 what I am seeing is because of some efficiency 
improvements, the utilization had dropped to 59%. What is the level you are expecting to end 
by this year end? 
Suhas Manjunatha: Yeah. Sir, that’s a valid question. I mean, yeah, you’re right.  Because we 
are doing TopCon cell manufacturing, the latest technology, with efficiency increase. We have 
maintained the utilization there of 59%. This can go up to about 85% to 90% by the end of the 
year. 
Subramanium Yadav: Okay, sir. Thank you, sir, very much. I’ll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you, Subramanium. The next question is from Palash Shah. Palash, I’ve 
got you on screen. Can you please unmute yourself and go ahead? 
Palash Shah: Sure. Sure. Thank you. Yeah, first of all, congratulations Suhas and the entire 
Emmvee team for a very good set of numbers. Just one I think you addressed partially, but just 
like to ask. I think there has been quite a bit of chatter in terms of Solar PPAs being cancelled 
of late. The point I’m trying to understand is because of the low demand, right, I think there 
has been quite a few PPAs being cancelled, right? Maybe the Discoms have not been able to 
sort of pay up and all. Is there any impact from that visible on module manufacturing? You did 
mention about supply being inadequate, but this is more about demand being low. Are we 
seeing something of that sort? 

 
Manjunatha D.V.: Thank you, sir. You have a very relevant question of the present one. So, 
see, reality, there is no PPA has been cancelled as of now. That is the PPAs which has been a 
standalone solar... the bids which has been taken place quite a long time, which has been not 
been connected to the grid because of the transmission delays and other issues. So now the... 
the what the Discoms and the SECI or whatever they are looking, it is for the Round-The-Clock 
of the power. So what they are telling is which they are... they mentioned that for the mutual 
understanding, they need to come forward to either close that standalone only solar to be 
including the battery storage changeover or they need to go for a new bidding. So as of today, 
there is no single PPA which is being cancelled, which recently also we have checked the same 
with the SECI also. It is been only told that because it is delayed long time, they need to have 
a round the clock one, which is what presently what is going on. 
Suhas Manjunatha: And that if you see, sir... just to add on to that, if you see this kind of a 
transition is a positive thing for the industry. One is there was a question about the strain on the 
transmission lines which will get eased out because of the Round-The-Clock power that is 
going to be done. And more importantly, if you look at it as a manufacturer perspective, all 
these bids that are going to be re-tendered now will be part of the ALMM List 2. So that means 
that cells requirement for these projects will be required. And it has been made very clear by 
the Ministry as well that there is going to be no change in the Renewable Energy targets that 
have been set by the industry... by the government. So that is again a very reassuring statement 
that was issued. 
Palash Shah: Got it. Got it. Yeah. That’s helpful. Thanks for that. I think just maybe one follow 
up on that, Suhas. So basically, again, there’s been some bit of reporting saying that there were 
quite a few tenders which were rushed, you know, to maybe sort of have a workaround around 
the ALMM timeline. So is that quantum significant or I mean, I’m talking in the point of view 
of DCR demand. So the higher obviously tenders which are, you know, let’s say cancelled 
because of, you know, not having a workaround, I mean, the better it is for us, right? In terms 
of DCR essentially capacity coming into play. 
Suhas Manjunatha: No, see, DCR capacity in terms of demand perspective is going to be in 
three different buckets. Bucket one is the existing DCR projects that is  PM Kusum scheme, 
PM Suryaghar Yojana, the SC/ST scheme, and the CPSU schemes. So this is one existing 
bucket that will continue to be there. Then the second bucket is C&I segment or anything that 
is other than the utility segment is that is going to be connected to the grid, is going to be 
mandated to use ALMM 2 modules, that is DCR modules from June 2026 onwards. Then there 
is a big utility segment which had an exemption for modules... for tenders that have already 
been bid until August 2025. So those things usually, once the tender is completed, from then it 
usually takes about 12 to 18 months for these tenders to get executed into completion of project. 
And that is the timeline it takes for the module delivery also to happen for these projects. 
Usually you need it towards the end of the execution timeline. So if you see on reality basis, 
most of the utility segment would usually come in first calendar year of 2028 for DCR 
requirement. Similar to what we have planned the expansion of 6 gigawatt of cell and module... 

 
which is the operational expansion of cell and module. So, that is how we have planned our 
expansion to time it right. 
Palash Shah: Okay. Yeah, thank you. Thanks for this info. This is helpful, yeah. 
Moderator: Thank you, Palash. The next question is from Sudhanshu. Sudhanshu, I have 
brought you on screen. Please unmute yourself. 
Sudhanshu: Yeah. Thank you, Suhas and congrats for the good set of numbers. This MNRE 
has proposed increasing the threshold efficiency limit from 20 to 21%. So what will be its 
impact on the installed capacity in the country? 
Suhas Manjunatha: Sir, that’s a very good question. Thank you for that. If you see that right 
now there is a mix of... there is a very high fragmentation of capacities that are there in the 
country. There are lines that are quite old or not in a capable position to operate a high 
efficiency... produce high efficiency modules. And with the MNRE’s intention to promote high 
efficiency solar modules and cells, this particular 21% and 21.5% roadmap what they have 
given for the requirement, that basically means only high efficiency Monoperc and Topcon 
modules can only fit into this. So that probably means almost about 30 to over 30% of capacities 
have to be re-looked at what is going to happen to them. 
Sudhanshu: So is it like if some... if some manufacturer has the efficiency level which is less 
than 20%, so is it possible for them to... like how they will they are going to increase their 
efficiency levels? 
Suhas Manjunatha: So basically it depends on the way the line is built. Some lines are capable 
to run a higher efficiency with some minor upgradations. Whereas many lines which are not 
yet running at 20... over 20%, to my understanding it’s difficult and it requires a full change of 
line when it comes to moving into efficiency modules. When it comes to Emmvee, all our 
products right now, all our lines are running at 21% and above module efficiency. So we are in 
a very comfortable place in this sector. 
Sudhanshu: Okay. Sir, my next question is like like so much of like cell capacity, some 20 
gigawatt plus cell capacity is there in the country and out of that a lot of is the Monoperc. So 
like how feasible it is for these manufacturers to graduate from Monoperc to the Topcon cell 
capacity? 
Suhas Manjunatha: What I was saying that practically to move from Monoperc to Topcon in 
cell manufacturing, there are a few things there’s a lot of things that will change. One is a 
Monoperc is just an eight step process, whereas Topcon is 14 steps. That means double the 
equipment what was there for Monoperc needs to be added. So you need more space for that. 
And more space means that is larger clean room area... I just not just not more land, but you 
need to have a larger clean room that is available or need to be built within the same facility. 
Then that means then the type of clean room is also changing. Let’s say you already have a 
clean room that is big enough, but then that clean room is now built for Monoperc, it is usually 
Class 8 clean room that is required. For Topcon you need Class 6 clean room. That is 185 times 

 
you have to change air inside the room every hour for Class 6. Which is as... which is close to 
semiconductor grade clean room and greater than a pharma grade clean room. So that kind of 
upgradation needs to be done. And then there is a... there is water consumption that is required 
almost one and a half times. Then gases... there are more gases required than what is required 
for Monoperc... power, that is more power required than what was required for Monoperc. That 
is 1.6 times more required. And again all the chemicals, gases you use, you need to treat that. 
So all your scrubber systems, your ETP, everything needs to be again sized much higher. So 
what has happened, what we have seen in China is that people have built new Topcon facilities 
and not converted their Monoperc facilities. So it is practically a very challenging task. 
Sudhanshu: Okay. Okay. Thank you sir. Just last question from my side. Like we... as per the 
PPT the cell capacity is 2.9 gigawatt. But in like ALMM 2 list it is listed I think 1.9... 1.5. So 
why there is a difference? 
Suhas Manjunatha: So basically 2.94 gigawatt is the design capacity of our cell... cell plant, 
right? So when we have set up our Topcon cell line, we have done for the latest modules and 
latest machinery and latest size. So our maximum size that of module of cell that we can make 
is 210 mm by 210 mm. That in the solar industry it is called as G12 size... G12 format. So when 
we make that, that means per  cell the  cell can produce a much higher energy, that is 11.5 to 
11.8 watt per cell. Because of the current market demand and market situation because of the 
sizes, weight of the module and all, right now the market is at M10 size. And that is slowly 
going to transition to G12 size. So when you do M10 size, the effective capacity will come 
much lower than what it comes in your G12 hour. Because in M10 you can make only about 
8.2 to 8.5 watt peak of power per cell. And that is the change that will come to. 
And then in the ALMM list what happens is, they have a percentage of capacity that they will 
consider on whatever they see at actual performing with the efficiency that is coming. So that 
is 8.2, 8.3 whatever watt peak we are talking about, that much. So that is why you see that 
difference. Also they will take... ALMM also they calculate based on lower days of operation. 
Sudhanshu: Okay. Okay. Thank you, sir. That’s all last from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, Sudhanshu. The next question is from the line of Aman Jain. Aman, 
can you please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question? 
Aman Jain: Yeah, great, great. Great. Thank you for taking my questions. So my first question 
is regarding the pricing trend in both DCR and non-DCR market. As per our channel checks 
we are hearing that prices in non-DCR market has softened up while in the DCR market they 
are still going quite strong. Any colour on that will be really appreciated. And, can you please 
also tell what are the current prices that are going on? 
Suhas Manjunatha: So, let me tell you one thing. I mean, pricing in non-DCR market going 
down and these things. See, for us like when we started manufacturing and to now, we have 
seen varied prices. And most of the time the pricing is on downward. When we started the price 
was three Euros per watt. And today we are talking about less than 5% of what it was back 
then, right? So these are the cycles that we have seen and irrespective of that if you look at our 

 
last three years of data of our performance what was also in our prospectus, you can see that 
irrespective of the prices changing... because there were times in that last three years of 
financial years of there was no duty, there was no ALMM, there was ALMM, there was duty. 
These kind of scenarios, these kinds of price changes that you have seen, the basic EBITDA is 
strong and the EBITDA per watt peak which you can work out by seeing our production, you 
can see that it is quite stable. 
And point number two what happens, most of our... since Emmvee is a manufacturer who 
supplies to primarily a key account customers, that is why you see top 10 customers forming 
about 80 to 95% of our revenue, is that we basically have a more stable order book and a more 
long term kind of a situation with pass through contracts, with change in price contracts. So 
this one we are not you know as much affected to any momentary changes in pricing. And our 
EBITDA seems is continues to be stable irrespective of what pricing changes. Because pricing 
also would change based on our costs, would also change based on increase in efficiency the 
per watt prices changes. So these things will all you know change. And as we transition from 
Monoperc to Topcon, prices have reduced. As we transition from Topcon to G12R prices will 
reduce from M10R to G12R because the efficiency for each module you make is more, so your 
cost per watt per module also will reduce accordingly. 
Aman Jain: Got it. That’s great to hear that we are able to maintain our EBITDA per watt peak 
margin. But is it the case? I mean are we seeing prices softening up in either market or what... 
I just want to get a sense of the market how is it shaping up? 
Suhas Manjunatha: No, that’s what as I said like you know whatever the price softening is 
something which is why is difficult to say that you know whether is that... But what I can tell 
you with conviction is that our EBITDA is not changing. We are maintaining our EBITDA 
irrespective of what changes on the realization. 
Aman Jain: That’s really great. My second question is regarding our new cell line. I mean will 
you able to share any timeline on it? I mean by when will be able to commission the 
manufacturing line, cell manufacturing line? 
Suhas Manjunatha: Yeah, sure. See right now we have got the land allotted and work is started 
on the expansion. And it is a 6 gigawatt of greenfield cell expansion. This is additional to what 
we already have of 2.94 gigawatt of Topcon cell. So it is pretty much a replication of or 
probably doing it better this time. And that we expect to become on a fully operational basis, 
on a ramped up basis by end of March 2027. Kind of March 2027 or April 2027. 
Aman Jain: March, April 2027. That’s great. That’s great. I mean just quickly one more if I 
may. I mean you briefly discussed about demand from rooftop. I mean recent the recent months 
we saw run rate of almost 1 gigawatt per month which is almost double of what it has been 
historically. That’s great. But are you seeing any slow down in the additions or do you expect 
you know the additions to be this strong going forward only? 
Manjunatha D.V.: It is going to be forward further more because of now the Suryaghar Yojana 
as well as the rooftop the benefits of the individuals what they are getting is the cost benefit 

 
analysis and net metering policies of all Discoms what they have easing out. This is going to 
increase further more. 
Aman Jain: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much for your response. That’s it from my 
side. 
Manjunatha D.V.: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, Aman. The next question is from the line of Sahil Seth. Sahil, I’ve got 
you on screen. Please unmute yourself and go ahead. 
Sahil Seth: Congratulations on the good set of numbers. My question would be if you could 
shed some light on what is the Capex differential. 
Sahil Seth: So my question would be what is the Capex differential when using European 
manufacturing equipment versus a Chinese manufacturing equipment? 
Suhas Manjunatha: See when it comes to cell manufacturing one is there are couple of things 
that comes in right. One is at the time when we were setting up our cell manufacturing, it was 
the one of the first Topcon cell manufacturing that was set up in the country. Then point number 
two is at it was a time when the geopolitical scenario between China and India was not at its 
best. Point number three is that the cell equipment... when you see the Capex it is different, but 
when you see the cost of operation it differs. Because on the Opex side, the Opex for European 
equipment are much lesser than Chinese equipment. Because for example the water, European 
equipments use 50% of the water what Chinese equipment uses. Power it is using much less 
power than what Chinese equipment uses. Similarly, all the resources. So, these things if you 
see it, our decision was that European equipments were not very expensive compared to the 
Chinese. 
Sahil Seth: So, what would it be its effect be on the let’s say overall IRR or the payback period 
for the project? 
Suhas Manjunatha: Our calculation showed that it was quite negligible. 
Sahil Seth: Okay sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Tekchandani. Rishi, can 
you please unmute yourself and go ahead? 
Rishi Tekchandani: Yeah, hi. So, my question was that considering you know that there is 
significant overcapacity in the module market currently in India, how is the industry you know 
panning out like going forward? What do you expect in terms of the smaller players being able 
to sustain or you know you feel that the smaller players will be largely drawn out of the market 
with vertically integrated players which are backward integrated into cell wafer ingot and so 
on and so forth, they will sustain? And you know the impact of this overcapacity on the current 
price trend. I mean are you experiencing any sort of you know margin pressure? And going 
forward like how is the trajectory expected to be in terms of profitability? 

 
Suhas Manjunatha: Sir, I’ll answer this question again in two parts. One is on the overcapacity 
and margin pressure because of overcapacity. I think I’ve already explained the capacities what 
was last year and what is this year also. With that I think I probably tried to establish that 
irrespective of overcapacity on paper in the last financial year, our margins were strong and 
continued in the next two quarters in this financial year. So overcapacity on paper is not 
necessarily what we see as an overcapacity in actual in the market. 
And then point number two when it comes to talking about smaller players sustaining or not, 
I’ll probably answer in a different way instead of talking about smaller or bigger players, I will 
talk about integrated players or  standalone module manufacturers. So when look at standalone 
module manufacturers, I think the roadmap of the industry is quite clear that in the next couple 
of years the standalone  module capacity in India starts to become irrelevant and the focus is 
going to be completely on integrated module manufacturers. And for now, integrated 
manufacturers mean cell and module. And going forward with the roadmap the ministry has 
announced, it is for people who are also going to get into wafers and ingots. And I think it is 
not about the size, but it is more of the conviction and the seriousness that the manufacturer is 
showing on the industry and the control of the value chain that it will continue to have. And 
similar to this, we are completely geared up, and we have proven that our capability to set up 
and backward integrate into cell line with speed, with conviction is there. And then similarly 
we have shown clear plans of getting further backward integration. And we also have spoken 
about further you know establishing other parts of the value chain that includes ancillary 
components to strengthen our capabilities and our seriousness into the industry. 
Rishi Tekchandani: So, sir just a small follow up question just to be clear you know. So, going 
forward from you know let’s say FY 27 onwards, like what is the margin trend that you are 
expecting? I mean is it still expected to improve compared to this full year FY 26 or you expect 
some kind of a moderation or like how is it? Because of backward integration it could be the 
same or improve even further? 
Suhas Manjunatha: Sir right now with backward integration whatever margin levels that we 
are achieving, it is going to be in line with that. So that is how we are looking at this. 
Rishi Tekchandani: Okay. Okay sir. Yeah. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kapil Ahuja. If you can just 
unmute yourself and go ahead, Kapil. 
Kapil Ahuja: Yes, Sir. I would like to know regarding the DCR requirements, how much is 
the offtake of Topcon sales and how much is the offtake of Monoperc sales in the last one and 
a half years? 
Suhas Manjunatha: So, if you see that last year I’m talking about modules because we had 
sales only from September 2024 and all our cell is Topcon. So, I’ll just give you an idea of last 
year, last financial year that is from April 2024 to March 2025, our sales had 70% Topcon and 
only 30% Monoperc of module, this I‘am talking about is module sales. 

 
Then in this financial year, you are seeing, that 100% of the demand that we have is Topcon 
modules. So that is the mix that you are seeing and the transition that you are seeing from 
Monoperc to Topcon. 
Kapil Ahuja: So, what’s the user base of the Topcon modules? Because I I suppose Monoperc 
user base is more for the solar pumps and big IPP projects. So, are they taking Topcon also? 
The IPP ones. 
Suhas Manjunatha: Yeah, absolutely. IPPs are only preferring Topcon because what happens 
is from Monoperc to Topcon, you’re seeing more than one, one and a half percent increase in 
efficiencies. That is, you know, at the current moment. But Monoperc has a limit, theoretical 
limitation of 25% when it comes to efficiency and that means practically you will be only able 
to do 24% which we are already at and at Topcon on the other hand as a theoretical efficiency 
limit of 29% and we are only at 25.5% today and it is only increasing now. 
So with this  the developer is going to save on land, they’re going to save on, you know, BOS 
cost and they’re going to save drastically. So that way what happens is, you know, it becomes 
a very important thing for them to use a higher efficiency modules, which is why it becomes a 
natural choice for the customer. 
Similarly, even for any application for that matter, instead of using five panels, like you know 
if I use 4 panels, I will save that much 20% of the cost, right? So that is how this works. 
Kapil Ahuja: Right. OK, because many players have been adding capacity by buying the 
refurbished or the second hand Monoperc plants, they are buying from Thailand, China and 
elsewhere. So, because the cost is almost half of the new one and their ROICs are much better 
because they are getting the payback in less than three years. So, when we talk of the realization 
per watt in non DCR. So, what the realization of Topcon versus Monoperc in non DCR market 
per watt? 
Suhas Manjunatha: No, very simple I tell you something. I mean right now see realization 
doesn’t matter much because what happens is if I were to make a TopCon module or a or a 
Mono PERC module for non-DCR also, my cell cost right now for Mono PERC is more 
expensive than TopCon. The reason is the availability of Monoperc has reduced across the 
world because China has completely transitioned to Topcon. Very small capacity of Monoperc 
is available. Then, what is there is right now so even though it is going to be more expensive 
for me to make a Monoperc module as against a Topcon module, I cannot sell Monoperc higher. 
In fact, I have to sell Monoperc lower than Topcon because for the developer it is going to be 
more expensive to use Monoperc module than Topcon module. Last you know, this discussion 
we have not had in a very long time with our customers, but when we had in the 2022-2023, 
the customers were suggesting that they were willing to pay one, one and a half percent more 
for Topcon per watt than for Monoperc. So, this is because for them they will save that much 
on the land. 

 
Kapil Ahuja: Yeah, same thing happened in 2021. Also, when multi-crystalline was getting 
converted into Monoperc, then they we were not getting the wafers for the the multi-crystalline 
base. Thank you. That’s all for my side. 
Moderator: Yeah, I can take the next question. We will get Deepak afterwards. 
Next question is from the line of Tanmay Zaveri. Tanmay, please go ahead, unmute yourself. 
Tanmay Zaveri: Hi, good evening, Sir. Thank you for taking my question. So, my question 
was I just wanted to understand that from 500 crores revenue we have scaled up to 2000 plus 
crores revenue and the fact that a PAT has grown from 13 crores to 370 crores. So just wanted 
to understand what were the key factors that drove this growth? 
Suhas Manjunatha: So, when it comes to revenue, it is basically a function of our capacity 
expansions that we have done over the last few years. You can see our capacities has grown 
significantly to today 7.8 GW and our EBITDA growth that you’re seeing again is coming 
because of our cell expansion that is backward integrating into cell manufacturing rather than 
only module manufacturing. So, I think what essentially, I’m trying to say is we are not only 
adding capacities or backward integrating but that is basically backed by the results that you 
see. 
Tanmay Zaveri: OK, so I guess I missed a part on the debt and interest part which was 
discussed earlier in this call. So, what I have gathered so far is we have repaid all our 1600 
crores debt and so far, we’ll have only 100 crores of long-term debt which will be around 45 
crores by end of this year and  
Pawan Kumar Jain: Around 55 crore. 
Tanmay Zaveri: Yeah, 55 crores. And then we also have 3000 crores debt which will be 
coming from IREDA for our capacity, right? 
Suhas Manjunatha: That is basically through the expansion plan. So, it will come in a phased 
manner and full capitalization you’re going to see only in the like I told you April 2027. 
So that essentially will come to your 2028 financial year. So, we are also you can see that we 
are 
also 
our 
capacities 
until 
then 
and 
our 
growth 
plans 
until 
then 
are  
expanding. So, we aim to maintain that debt to equity ratio of less than one, you know in this 
segment 
Pawan Kumar Jain: And just to add that with going forward with a strong results and the cash 
flow, may be we will not draw the full amount, will be able to fund part of the capacity 
expansion through internal accruals. 
Tanmay Zaveri: OK. And what kind of interest are we looking for in H2? 
Pawan Kumar Jain: Percentage of interest?. 

 
Tanmay Zaveri: Interest cost. 
Suhas Manjunatha: In H2? 
Tanmay Zaveri: Yeah, H2 of this like Q3 and Q4. 
Suhas Manjunatha: Probably like take a guidance on what Pawan told earlier, right, like 
current interest was versus what we have repaid will basically give a relief of about 35-40 
crores because of the repayment that has come per quarter, so that quarter, so that will be the 
saving whatever, we have achieved so far.. 
Tanmay Zaveri: OK. Thank you so much. I wish you all the best, all the best. 
Suhas Manjunatha: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We’ll take the last question for the day from Mr. Abhishek. Abhishek, 
please unmute yourself and come on and go ahead. Abhishek, you can unmute yourself. 
Abhishek: So, my question is like we have order book of 5 GW as written on PPT. So, is this 
like price locked or the price will be module prices will be on the when delivered like when we 
delivered the module that price at that time will be the actual revenue? 
Suhas Manjunatha: So, we have two types of contracts. So, one is on a short to medium term 
basis it will be a fixed price contract where the price is locked, and we receive a sizeable 
advance to block our raw material that is cells in some cases and wafers in some cases. Which 
becomes the most uh like you know uh major part of our raw material. Remaining is not as uh 
volatile. Then point number two uh where we are talking about the variable contract which 
makes up most of the contracts that we are signing at Emmvee  uh which is close to about 70% 
of the contract. Then what happens is your price is fixed other than the uh cost of the cell or 
the wafer. Which basically changes uh changes to the at the time when we are bringing the cell 
and the wafer jointly with discussing with our customers. So that basically means that our 
margins are protected uh in these cases and there is uh there is lesser risk for the manufacturer.  
Abhishek: OK. And another question was like this year the order book grew significantly. So, 
are you expecting at the end of this financial year how much would be the order book, any 
estimation or how much we have applied for the tenders and? What is the percentage that we 
usually get? 
Suhas Manjunatha: So, if you see our order books, we are only growing to the extent of our 
capacity growth and we are not taking multiple times of capacity. The idea is to maintain that 
12 to 18 months delivery period from the order book. 
And all our order books are confirmed order books with some advance payments. So, in that 
scenario whatever the rate of expansion you should see the order book also getting added to 
that extent.  

 
Abhishek: Thank you. Thank you. 
Suhas Manjunatha: And we usually take around 12 to 18 months of the order book of the 
work capacity. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. That was the last question for the day. Thank you once again for your 
time and participation on behalf of Emmvee Limited. This concludes today’s conference. For 
any questions, please feel free to write to us on the email IDs mentioned on the invite. We 
appreciate your engagement. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you Suhas, thank you 
Manjunath ji. Thank you Pawan ji 
Suhas Manjunatha: Thank you. 
Manjunatha D.V.: Thank you everyone. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: 
"This transcript is a edited version of the conference call recording and has been prepared for 
ease of reading and clarity. Certain immaterial corrections, formatting changes and 
corrections of obvious transcription or numerical errors may have been made, without 
changing the overall meaning. Readers are advised to refer to the audio recording and the 
results filed with the stock exchanges for full details, and the company accepts no responsibility 
for any remaining errors or for any decisions taken based on this document.” 
