 
 
एसजेवीएन लिलिटेड 
SJVN Limited 
(A Joint Venture of Govt. of India & Govt. of H.P.) 
A Navratna CPSE 
CIN: L40101HP1988GOI008409 
 
 
 
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
पंजीकृत एवं कॉपोरेट कार्ाािर्: एसजेवीएन कॉर्पोरेट ऑफिस कॉम्प्लेक्स, शनान, शशमला – 171006 हिमाचल प्रदेश 
Registered & Corporate Office: SJVN Corporate Office Complex, Shanan, Shimla – 171006, Himachal Pradesh 
दूरभाष / Tel No.: 0177-2660075, फ़ैक्स / Fax: 0177-2660071, ईिेि / Email: cs.sjvn@sjvn.nic.in, वेबसाइट / Website: www.sjvn.nic.in 
 
 
SJVN/CS/93/2025- 
   Date: 13/11/2025 
 
NSE Symbol: SJVN-EQ 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051, India 
SCRIP CODE: 533206 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001, India 
 
SUB:  Transcript of conference call held with Investors and Analysts to discuss the 
financial results for the quarter/half-year ended September 30, 2025 
 
Sir/Madam, 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, kindly find attached herein the 
transcript of conference call held with Investors and Analysts, in the form of group meeting, on 
Monday, November 10, 2025, to discuss the financial results for the quarter/half-year ended 
September 30, 2025. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
(Soumendra Das) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: 
As stated above 
Digitally signed by SOUMENDRA DAS
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, T=7287, 
Phone=
f77c308884a7da7a6b95a41dee8ba30
6596ab65423166219b5c0013683798
328, PostalCode=171009, S=
Himachal Pradesh, SERIALNUMBER
=
b0ac2b06e36a51be06bec20ba87c45c
9e47e23efc6af80be69741d46bd519ec
2, CN=SOUMENDRA DAS
Reason: I am the author of this 
document
Location: 
Date: 2025.11.13 14:49:30+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 13.0.0
SOUM
ENDR
A DAS

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“SJVN Limited 
Q2 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHUPENDER GUPTA, CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SJVN LIMITED 
MR. AJAY KUMAR SHARMA, DIRECTOR (PERSONNEL), 
SJVN LIMITED 
 
MR. SIPAN KUMAR GARG, DIRECTOR (FINANCE), 
SJVN LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RUPESH SANKHE, ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 

 
 
SJVN Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call of 
SJVN Limited hosted by Elara Securities India Private Limited . 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference has been recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rupesh Sankhe. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rupesh Sankhe: 
Yes, good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities, we welcome you all for the Q2 
FY26 conference call of SJVN Limited. I take this opportunity to welcome the management of 
SJVN Limited represented by Mr. Bhupender Gupta, Chairman and Managing Director, and Mr. 
Sipan Kumar Garg, Director of Finance. 
 
So we will begin the call with a brief overview by the management, followed by Q&A session. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Bhupender Gupta, sir, for opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Thank you, Rupesh. Very good morning to all of you. In fact, afternoon. And I am pleased to be 
accompanied by my Director-Personnel, Shri Ajay Kumar Sharma, and Director of Finance, Shri 
Sipan Garg. It gives me immense pleasure to share with you some key highlights and significant 
developments from the second quarter of FY25-26, along with important milestones achieved 
during the ongoing quarter. 
 
I am delighted to share that Honourable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi virtually 
inaugurated Unit 1 of 60 MW of our 1320 MW Buxar Thermal Power Project on 22nd August 
2025 from Bodh Gaya. Prior to this inauguration, unit had been successfully synchronized with 
National Grid on 21st of August 2025. 
 
I am further pleased to inform you that we have completed a major milestone of 72 hour 
continuous full load running. on 5th of November 2025 and this is the you can say the last step 
towards declaring the unit as commercially open so that is now COD we will be I think declaring 
within may be today itself may be in the evening itself or may be tomorrow max we will be 
declaring the commercial operation date for the unit 1 and the second unit definitely that will 
also be coming very soon, maybe within next 2 to 3 months. 
 
So once this plant is commissioned fully, it will be generating around 9826.72 million units 
annually, of which 85% will be supplied to state of Bihar and the balance will be supplied to the 
north-eastern grid. 
 
Another milestone which I just want to share with you, that during this quarter Honorable Prime 
Minister Shri Narendra Modi ji virtually laid the foundation stone for the 200 megawatt solar 
power project under Juvenile Phase 17 on 21st September 2025 and this project is located in 
Khawda Solar Park which is being developed by the GSC in Kutch district of Gujarat. The 

 
 
SJVN Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
project is expected to generate around 505 million units in the first year. The generated power 
will be supplied to Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited at a tariff of 2.88 per unit. 
 
We are excited to inform that commercial operation date for cumulative capacity of 680 MW 
under the 1,000 MW Bikaner solar power project has been successfully achieved in the phases. 
The project is located in Bikaner district of Rajasthan and being developed under the CPSU 
scheme for the Ministry of Renewable and Renewable Energy, Government of India. 
 
The project is progressing well and is scheduled for full commissioning in the current calendar 
year and with this addition in operating assets, the total installed capacity of SJVN Limited now 
stands at 3,146.52 and after this adding of 320 megawatt may be this month or max by 15th of 
December next month we will be adding another 320 megawatt so it means around 3500 
megawatt will be under operation. 
 
In another significant development PPA has been signed with Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation 
Limited for supply of power from our one international project 900 megawatt Arun-III and 210 
megawatt Luhri Stage-I and 380 megawatt Sunni Dam Hydroelectric Project during this quarter. 
 
Regarding the progress of our ongoing projects, we have achieved some major milestone in the 
second quarter and ongoing quarter of the FY25-26. Following the successful trial run of Unit 
1, the significant progress has been achieved in Unit 2 as I told you and we are targeting the 
COD of this second unit also during the January or February next year. 
 
Another significant milestone has been achieved in Arun-III Hydroelectric Project in Nepal 
where we have completed the Unit 1 pit free, one of the major milestones to start the 
electromechanical activities and the electromechanical activities have been initiated, 
commenced in this particular unit, Unit 1. 
 
Then regarding our projects which are under operation, I just want to share some highlights for 
the current, this half year progress of the generation which we, which we have done in our two 
projects, that is one Nathpa Jhakri 1,500 megawatt, where we have generated 1,785 million units 
during the quarter, reflecting an improvement over 1,774 million units achieved last year. 
Similarly, in the Rampur project also, we have generated more power than the previous year. 
 
As on date, the current financial year 2025-2026, the total generation from all the power stations 
stands at 9,442 million units as compared to 880 million units during the corresponding period 
of the 2024-2025, reflecting an improvement of around 562 million units or about 6.3% 
primarily driven by commissioning of Unit 1 of Bikaner Solar Power Project. 
 
To provide the brief of our current projects portfolio, SJVN Limited currently has 13 operational 
projects with the combined capacity of 3,146 and two transmission lines. We are currently 
constructing 4 Hydro Projects with a total capacity of 1,558 megawatt, 1 thermal power project 
of 1,320 and 14 solar projects totalling 2,213 megawatt. This brings our total under-construction 
portfolio to 5,091 megawatt. 
 
In line with the Government of India vision for energy accessibility, SJVN Limited has been 
selected to play a pivotal role in the PM-Surya Ghar: Muft Bijli Yojana. The initiative aims to 

 
 
SJVN Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
provide free electricity to 1 crore households across India. SJVN Limited has been entrusted 
with the responsibility of implementing this scheme across three states that is Himachal Pradesh, 
Punjab and Arunachal Pradesh.  
Additionally, we have also been assigned responsibility of installing rooftop solar system on 
government buildings covering 18 ministries. The process of embellishment of vendor for 
government building completed and implementation is in progress. So far, total capacity of 21.1 
megawatt has been awarded and execution of work is underway.  
You may also be knowing that SJVN Limited has been listed as one of the Renewable Energy 
Implementing Agency by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy to contribute towards 
nation's ambitious 500 gigawatt renewable energy target by 2030. Cumulatively as on date, 
tenders have been floated for a total capacity of 19.8 gigawatt. Letter of Awards has been issued 
for 13.74 gigawatt and Power Seal Agreement has been signed for 3.74 gigawatt. 
 
I am also pleased to share that SJVN Limited received the prestigious SCOPE Eminence Award 
in HR Management from Honorable President Srimati Droupadi Murmu on 29th August 2025 
for its progressive employee-centric HR practices. As we continue to build to this success, I 
would like to reaffirm that SJVN Limited remains committed to sustainable growth and to 
supporting the nation's clean energy transition. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. We take the first question from 
the line of Ragini from Elara Capital, please proceed. 
Ragini: 
Can you please tell the capex term for H1-FY26 and what is the guidance for FY27 and FY28? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
There is a lot of noise in your voice, I think in the background. Can you repeat the question 
please? 
Ragini: 
I was asking about the capex which has been good for H1-FY26 and the capex earmarked for 
FY27 and FY28. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes, for this year the total capex which we have kept is around INR7,500 crore and out of that 
we have already spent in two quarters around INR3,600. So in the balance two quarters we are 
100% sure that whatever capex we have given as a MOU target by Government of India, we will 
achieve very comfortably. As far as next year is concerned, ‘26-‘27, we have kept a capex of 
around INR8,000 crore for the next year. 
Ragini: 
Okay, and so for FY28 the guidance is in the similar range? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes, it's actually we are just consolidating our present portfolio and our one of the big project is 
Buxar which was basically capex driven so that is now going to be completed this year. So now 
we will be focusing on some new projects in Nepal which will be like we will be awarding the 
contract something maybe in the second quarter of next year.  

 
 
SJVN Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
So in the beginning when we start any hydro project the capex is not very high but after one or 
two years then the capex start increasing. So that is the reason why the capex is in the same range 
and not increasing year on year basis. 
Ragini: 
Okay. Okay, and can you give the incentive income for Q2 FY26? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Just a moment.  
Sipan Garg: 
Yes, yes. Incentive income for the half year, current half year it is INR104.45 crores. 
Ragini: 
Okay, my next question is can you share the progress on the Hydroelectric Projects of nearly 
about 5 gigawatts which are coming up in Arunachal Pradesh? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes, I can share that definitely. In the 5 gigawatts, actually, there are five projects, in fact. And 
out of that five projects, three are still under PFR stage, which we call Pre-Feasibility Report 
stage. So those are not being, like, they are in different, like, in the stage. So that will take some 
time to make PFR, then DPR. Then they will come into construction after some time.  
But regarding the two other projects, which one is the biggest hydro project in India, that is 3,097 
megawatt, Etalin, and other is this around 688 megawatt, Attunli. So, these two are progressing 
well. And in case of Etalin, we have like, we are in the final stages of getting the forest, sorry, 
environment clearance. And we have already received in fact the forest and environment 
clearance. And we are in the final stage of acquiring the land, which is a prerequisite to start the 
construction activity in any of the projects. So that is in the final stages. 
Some of the people, almost 70% people have already taken the compensation amount which is 
being paid by the State Government. And balance are in like in the final stages, which will take 
some one or two months. And regarding the tendering process, we have started the tendering 
activities also parallelly, So that once we have all the clearances with us, we can start the actual 
construction at site from the next financial year as early as possible.  
Secondly, Attunli, slightly you can say six months late from this Etalin, because there are some 
issues we were facing regarding this property survey and the land acquisition. Otherwise, forest 
clearance and environmental clearance is also in advance stage there. So, by the end of next year, 
this Attunli can also come for construction stage. 
Ragini: 
Okay, thank you. I will join back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Paras Chheda from Purpleone Vertex 
Ventures, LLP. Please proceed. 
Paras Chheda: 
Thank you, sir, for this opportunity. I just wanted to understand that some of our projects have 
probably come on line when I compare our results, revenue for this quarter is comparable to the 
revenue of the same quarter of last year, whereas some of the projects have also come on time 
in terms of the depreciation, which is up 20%, 30%.  
So I'm just trying to understand, sir, in terms of operations, are our projects that have come on 
land fully operational or the capacity utilization is pending in some of these projects? And when 

 
 
SJVN Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
do you expect the Buxar unit also to fully commission, sir? Because the finance cost and the 
depreciation keeps going up, but the revenue is not coming in. So I just wanted to understand 
how is it, you know, placed. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes, regarding Buxar, as I told earlier, that we are going to declare the commercial operation of 
the plant within one or two days because already full load operation has been completed. This is 
a requisite for commercial operation. And now the paper formalities and document formalities 
are going with the state load dispatch center. So first unit is 660 megawatt. 
And regarding the second unit, during this financial year, we will be completing and declaring 
the commercial operation, may be January or February next year max, but definitely within this 
financial year, that is progressing very well and we are 100% sure that it should not go beyond 
January.  
Now regarding the other question, I am still not clear actually what? Can you repeat the question? 
Can you repeat the first question? 
Paras Chheda: 
The question is that, okay, so the question is that, when we look at the revenue side for this 
quarter which is about, let's say, INR1,000 crores odd which is almost comparable or equal to 
the revenue of INR1,000 crores of last quarter of last year also, right, in September. But a lot of 
projects, or at least some of the projects have also come online because the depreciation is about 
INR171 crores compared to INR133 crores of depreciation of that last quarter.  
And so some of the projects have come online like the Bikaner and other projects that have 
come, right? So I am saying that why is the revenue not equally gone up or at least gone up 
comparable to the last quarter of the year? Are some of the projects which have come on an 
underutilized or not yet utilized completely or what is the reason? I mean the revenue has also 
to increase right I mean to some extent. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
You are true, you are very true, you are very right what you are asking actually. 
Paras Chheda: 
I am not even talking about the finance cost which I understand some of the projects will be 
under construction, etc. So those are different things. But on the depreciation front, at least when 
the projects have come online, I don't see any incremental revenue that probably should be added 
to the quarter's revenue. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
There are very few reasons, just I will let you know. You are very correct that when the 
generation capacity has increased, why the revenue has not increased. There are three, four major 
reasons why this income has come down. One is this decrease in energy charges means actually 
generation we have increased, but there is a concept of plant availability factor and based on that 
there is a tariff which is given to us in terms of energy charges and capacity charges.  
So this time there was a lot of flood, in the Himalayas, particularly Himachal, where our both 
major plants are located, Rampur and Nathpa Jhakri. So we had to close the plant due to the high 
silt in the water and during the flood season. So our plant availability factor, which is driven by 
our plant availability and our capacity charges and energy charges, both are linked to that, and 

 
 
SJVN Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
in fact incentive is also there. So because of that we have lost almost INR50 crores to INR60 
crores. 
Then second is we have an increase in tax expenses because of this MAT utilisation which was 
applicable for one of our projects. So we completed 10 years, so we are not getting the 
resumption under 80 IEA. So that is one part. Then there is a slight increase in the finance cost 
which is around INR50 crores. So that has increased in comparison to the last quarter. 
Sipan Garg: 
I would like to add something also, that you are talking about the depreciation on a consolidated 
basis. The depreciation for the quarter has increased to INR170 crore as compared to INR132 
crores in the corresponding quarter in the previous year. 
 
So there is an increase in the depreciation also. There is an increase in the finance cost also. 
Because new projects have been commissioned, that's why the depreciation also, the finance 
cost has increased. However, as already told by CMD sir that revenue has not increased 
correspondingly because of certain other reasons. 
Paras Chheda: 
Sir, those reasons only I was trying to understand. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Four, five reasons I told you, energy charges due to not meeting the plant availability factor as 
we are supposed to as per CRC guidelines, then capacity charges, then as Director of Finance 
told you just the finance cost has increased, depreciation has increased. Then there is a dividend 
income from that is very minor one definitely but main is 80 IEA benefit which we were getting 
for one of our plants because of that INR52 crores we have like this decrease in the income.  
Sipan Garg: 
There is another two aspects also decrease in the bank interest and income tax refund which 
were earlier higher. Current year there is a lower bank interest by INR26 crores and decrease in 
late payment surcharge. That is a good thing for us that our beneficiaries are paying on time and 
there is low less late payment surcharge during this year by INR17 crores. 
Paras Chheda: 
Right and sir now the Buxar plant right? I mean the half of that 982 should operational should 
be operational within a couple of days so at least the next quarter will be fully operational right. 
So that entire project Unit 1 and Unit 2 will produce INR982 crores of unit electricity right and 
half of that at least will be fully operational. Is that understanding, correct? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes, yes. Because this one unit I told you that will be operational from this month only. 
Paras Chheda: 
Right. And what would be the average price, sir, PTA on that? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Around 5.4. 
Paras Chheda: 
And sir, just for this next quarter or so, the next 3-4 months, are there any significant projects 
that are coming online which will be added in terms of their revenue capacity on the renewable 
side? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Renewable side Bikaner is coming around 320 megawatt that will be commissioned in next 
month itself 320 megawatt. Then Jamui we have one plant in Bihar that is 75 megawatt. Then 
another 120 megawatt in Assam that will be commissioned within this financial year. Then 

 
 
SJVN Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Bagodara 35 megawatt in Gujarat and another 100 megawatt in Nawa. This is again in Jaipur, 
in Rajasthan. So like this around 650 megawatt of RE, Renewable Energy Projects, Solar 
Projects specifically will be commissioned during this financial year. 
Paras Chheda: 
And sir, you know, just I don't know if you can estimate sort of what kind of revenue capacity 
can get added in this new 650 megawatt project, on an annualized basis? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Average tariff is around INR2.60 paisa for these all the solar grids if you see and if you consider 
around 25% of PLF, you can calculate how many this million units will be there. 
Paras Chheda: 
And sir, this last query, we were trying to list our subsidiary with SJVN Green Energy, is there 
any progress on that and what would be the time zone associated aspects? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
As of now, there is no such plan as of now, for next one year at least and after seeing the market 
condition and our commission project of SJVN and the future portfolio, we will decide on that. 
Paras Chheda: 
And last query from my end. So we are, let's say, intending to spend another INR3,000, 
INR5,000 or INR7,000 crores, so totally INR7,500 crores for the year, and maybe next year also 
we'll have something, right? So all of this will go as capex, and the debt levels are increasing, 
right? I mean, we are at INR30,000 crore odd total for now, and we'll add up to that, etc.  
How do you intend to look at it in terms of debt-to-equity ratio? Because the revenue and the 
PAT level, whether they'll be sort of commensurate to service the debt and the interest, etc. that 
will, you know, follow up eventually. Because the commissioning timeline will matter, I mean, 
on these projects. 
Management: 
As already informed that Buxar first unit is getting commissioned by tomorrow, and second unit 
is also coming very soon. In that case, our CWIP will shift to the fixed assets and it will start 
generating revenue. Based on that, we don't see that there will be very large increase in the loan 
portion in the next two years, and we'll be able to service our loans out of the cash generated 
from Buxar. So, we feel that we'll be in a comfortable position over the period. 
Paras Chheda: 
Okay, okay, fine, thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Bharani from Avendus Spark, please 
proceed. 
Bharani: 
So, SJVNL as a renewable energy implementing agency, how much capacity we would have 
figured out so far and off that, how much capacity needs to sign PSA or PPA etc., that is the 
question. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes, actually as of now we have floated the tenders of around 19.8 gigawatt and LOA, letter of 
award has been issued for 13.74 gigawatt and regarding the PPAs which you are asking that for 
PSA and PPAs have been already executed for 3.74 and we are expecting around the same 
quantity of PSA, PPA in next two months, 3.75. So this is the present position.  
And we are further coming out with some of the tenders for state specific where they are asking 
us for going for a tender for BESS. For Haryana we will be like coming out with tender of BESS 

 
 
SJVN Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
that is Battery Energy Storage of around 1,250 megawatt within this month or maybe next 
month. Similarly, we have already floated a tender for wind power around 1,200 megawatt.  
Then we are coming out with another tender for pump storage plants, which will be on tariff-
based competitive bidding. So this is in pipeline as of now, and we are trying to sign the PSA 
for balance around 10 gigawatt very soon or otherwise we will take some other call on these 
tenders. 
Bharani: 
Okay, so first follow-up question for that is government has given target for the four REIAs 
including us and last two years the achievement was close to the target. In your view, this year 
how much do you think you will be able to achieve SJVNL’s target? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Actually, regarding tender, we have achieved all the targets for this year also actually. The 
problem, frankly speaking, you must be knowing yourself also because there is a lot of like 
tenders which are coming out in the market, specifically for solar, there is some issue now 
because of the grid connectivity, there are transmission line shortage and because of that power 
is not getting evacuated even for the commission plant.  
So connectivity is one issue which is delaying the construction of new plants in Rajasthan and 
Gujarat. You know there are some issues in the transmission lines, some Supreme Court issues 
also. So I mean to say the targets for bidding is not an issue. Only problem is that when these 
will see the day of the light, particularly the commissioning. 
 
So that is to some extent getting delayed due to many reasons. One of reason is that there is now 
transmission line issues are there mainly, which is holding it back and connectivity is the main 
issue where people are not getting, they are getting late connectivity 28, 30, 31. So that's why 
the commissioning target I can't speak about. As far as my portfolio is concerned for REIA, I 
will meet my target whatever given to me by the government. 
Bharani: 
Okay sir, so now coming to this 19 gigawatt you said we have a tender so far and I think you 
mentioned of that 13 gigawatt has been awarding of LOE and of this 13 gigawatts you said only 
3 gigawatt of PPA and PSA are inside. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
4 gigawatt. 
Bharani: 
Okay. Of the ones where LOA has been given, about 9 gigawatt is yet to be signed for PPA or 
PSA, correct? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes 
Bharani: 
And that is where you are telling the reason, which is connectivity and delayed connectivity are 
the main reasons for signing even the PPA, PSA? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes 
Bharani: 
And the remaining 6 gigawatt where even LOAs have to be signed, what is the reason why that 
is not happening? 

 
 
SJVN Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Okay, those were actually recently concluded, some of the tenders were recently concluded by 
us. So they are under different like phases of approval, so once we get the approval, we will 
award them. That is the main reason. 
Bharani: 
Understood. So final question, so we are reading in the media that the projects where PPAs are 
not getting signed will get re-bidded, so will that happen in your view, when will it happen? 
Bhupender Gupta: 
That is we are still into the stakeholder consultation frankly speaking in this regard, including 
the Ministry of Power, Ministry of Renewable Energy and also with the bidders who have 
already given the bid, so some of them already got a connectivity and many things are there. So 
we are into stakeholder consultation that what call should be taken on these things, where LOA 
has been issued but PPAs are not getting matured.  
So it will take some time, one or two months, and after two months there will be more clarity 
that what is going to happen for these LOAs where PPAs are not getting signed. 
Bharani: 
Understood sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shubham Shelar from Antique Stock 
Broking Limited. Please proceed. 
Shubham Shelar: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Okay. So, continuing with the previous question, when you 
mentioned PSA of only 3.7 is signed, there was also a notification which talks about, like, you 
know, November is the only month that the PC has to be signed. So, you are saying still that 
NOS is there in those two months or months? 
Moderator: 
A lot of noise from your line coming. Can you just see what is the issue? 
Management: 
He is seeking our opinion regarding the cancellation of award letters by end of November. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes, actually thing is that you are right that you must have seen some notification or dis-
notification actually just discussion which has happened recently There's some call has to be 
taken on the LOAs which were issued and not getting matured into the PP and PSA Otherwise 
that is getting stuck up and some of the correctivities which is related to these awarded LOAs 
that is also getting stuck up and it is not getting opened up for the new projects. 
So, the reason is because there are, you know, there are various REIAs basically, which you call. 
So, they are into market and they have come out with a tender for a similar type of, like this, 
what you call, similar type of arrangement like FDRE or there is a solar project or there is a solar 
plus battery at the similar time. So, due to some difference in PPA price, sorry discovered price, 
so some issues are coming up.  
So, we are still into discussion with that stakeholder as I told you. So, there is no deadline as 
such in November as such which is, because some clarification has been issued by MNRE after 
that, case to case basis you can take a call and in consultation with the stakeholders. So, 
otherwise there will be, there can be issues. And so we are still working on that, as I told earlier, 

 
 
SJVN Limited
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
it will take two to three months to get the clarity on this issue that what action we are going to 
take on these untied power or untied PPAs. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Shubham, your voice is breaking.  
Bhupender Gupta: 
Yes, it's very much breaking, we are not able to hear at all.  
Moderator: 
I would request you to please join back the queue. We take the next question from the line of 
Ragini from Elara Capital, please proceed. It seems like the line for Ragini has been 
disconnected. 
 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Bhupender Gupta: 
I just want to convey to all the people who are connected here, that SJVN Limited is in a very 
sound footing. There is no issue as of now regarding the growth of the company and we are 
slightly trying to consolidate our position as of now, mainly the under-construction projects 
which are there and we just want to complete them fast so that we can start generating the 
revenue.  
And having said that, now we have two new projects in Nepal, which are big projects which will 
be going into construction very soon in the first quarter of next financial year. One is lower Arun 
which is 680 megawatt and second is your Upper Karnali which is 900 megawatt. So they are 
very good and attractive with attractive tariff.  
So there should not be any issue for like sale of power and the present, the existing projects like 
we told that there are 650 megawatt we are commissioning this year, the RE projects, solar 
projects. Next year we will be commissioning around 1.5 gigawatt solar projects and then we 
will be in an advanced stage of like 3 Hydro Projects that is Arun-III, then Sunni and Luhri. 
And we will be commissioning one small project definitely, it's around 66 megawatt that is 
Dhaulasidh, that we will be commissioning next year around December 2026. So things are very 
like in a on track and I don't foresee any challenges as of now regarding the regarding the 
finances or debt servicing or any other issue which you feel like. So everything is on track and 
we will be growing every year with better revenue, better profit and like and better capacity 
addition. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Elara Securities India Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
