 
ALEMBIC PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
REGD. OFFICE: ALEMBIC ROAD, VADODARA - 390 003. ● TEL: (0265) 2280550, 2280880 ● FAX: (0265) 2281229 
Website : www.alembicpharmaceuticals.com ● E-mail : alembic@alembic.co.in ● CIN : L24230GJ2010PLC061123 
 
Date: 11th November, 2025 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533573 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: APLLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Post Results Conference Call held on 4th November, 2025 
Ref: Our Intimation dated 27th October, 2025 
With reference to the captioned matter, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Conference Call held on 4th November, 2025. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
Manisha Saraf 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: A/a. 
 
Manisha Saraf
Digitally signed by Manisha Saraf 
Date: 2025.11.11 11:54:02 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRANAV AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. SHAUNAK AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. R.K. BAHETI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 
MR. G. KRISHNAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. AJAY KUMAR DESAI – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT- 
FINANCE  
 
 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 and FY '26 
Earning Conference Call of Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited. We 
have with us today Mr. Pranav Amin, Managing Director, Mr. 
Shaunak Amin, Managing Director, Mr. R.K. Baheti, Executive 
Director, Mr. G. Krishnan, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Ajay Kumar 
Desai, Senior VP, Finance. 
 
As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Krishnan for his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you Mr. Krishnan. 
G. Krishnan: 
Thank you and good evening everyone and thank you for joining 
the second quarter results conference call. Let me briefly take you 
through the numbers for the quarter before handing it over to 
Shaunak. 
 
So, moving on, we continued the good start for the year into the 
second quarter. Revenue for the second quarter grew at 16% 
year-on-year to INR1,910 crores. Growth was across the 
business, driven by higher volumes and new product launches 
and expansion in ex-US markets, despite continued pricing 
pressure in US Generics and API.  
Gross margin was at 73% for the quarter, remaining almost flat 
compared to the previous year. 
 
EBITDA before R&D expenses were at INR 503 crores for the 
quarter, representing 26% of EBITDA margin compared to the 
23% of previous year, reflecting better operating leverage, 
resulting in year-on-year EBITDA growth of 32%.  

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
R&D expenses increased by 41% year-on-year to INR 187 crores 
for the quarter. These figures are in line with the guidance that we 
had given for the full year of about INR600-650 crores earlier. 
 
During the quarter we also completed the acquisition of Utility 
Therapeutics, marking our entry into the US branded drugs 
market with Pivya, a product targeted for urinary tract infections 
and granting marketing exclusivity in the US. The transaction 
includes an upfront payment of about $4 million, milestone 
payments of $4 million each linked to the US launch of Pivya 
achievement of specified revenue milestones along with a profit 
sharing arrangements with the sellers. 
 
The net working capital stood at INR2,921 crores compared to 
INR2,734 crores as of March 25 and this increase is a factor of 
increased operating intensity driven by new launches and the new 
facilities that we opened in the last few years and volume driven 
growth. 
 
Net debt as of 30th September was INR1,280 crores compared 
to INR 967 crores in June '25. The increase in net debt was a 
reflection of borrowing, to fund working capital and the acquisition 
of Utility Therapeutics and correspondingly the interest cost 
increased from INR 71 crores to INR 76 crores for the quarter. 
 
We expect the net debt levels excluding Pivya launch to gradually 
reduce in FY '27 considering the successful launch of new 
products and growth from new facilities in our core business.  
The profit before tax for the quarter before exceptional items grew 
by 34% year-on-year to INR225 crores. 
 
Profit after tax but before exceptional items grew by about 30% 
year-on-year to INR185 crores.  

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Adjusted for the exceptional item pertaining to insurance claims 
received in the previous financial year that is in the quarter 2 of 
FY '25, the profit after tax growth was at 20%. 
 
Moving to the half yearly results,  
Revenue grew at 13% year-on-year to INR 3,621 crores reflecting 
growth across businesses.  
EBITDA before R&D spent for the period was at INR 927 crores 
resulting in EBITDA margin of 26% and year-on-year growth of 
28% again reflecting the EBITDA growth is a reflection of strong 
revenue growth and improved capacity utilization across facilities.  
EBITDA post R&D expenses was at INR 613 crores which is 
about 17% of revenue.  
Profit before exceptional items for first half grew by about 22% to 
INR339 crores and profit after tax adjusted for the insurance claim 
I just mentioned was at about 18%. 
 
With this, I have given a broad overview of the financials for the 
quarter and for the first half and I now request Shaunak to take 
you through the India Branded Business. 
Shaunak Amin: 
Thank you Krishnan.  
For the India Branded Business, we delivered revenue of INR639 
crores for the quarter with a 5% year-on-year growth. Within this 
Gynecology, Ophthalmology, Animal Health have demonstrated 
an accelerated performance 
 
The Cough & Cold segments grew in line with markets with robust 
operational execution.  
We introduced 2 new products in this quarter. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
With the implementation of GST 2.0 to ensure benefits of lower 
GST rate get passed on to the end users. The billing was paused 
for a few days to facilitate this migration of the channel to the new 
GST regime. This led to a compression of the billing cycle 
especially in the East Zone due to festive seasons resulting in a 
marginal impact on growth of the quarter for India Business. 
 
I will hand over the discussions to Pranav for his presentation on 
International Business. 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you, Shaunak. I am happy to present the Q2 performance 
for the International Business.  
Our Q2 performance reflects the continued momentum as we 
strengthen our presence across key markets and achieving 
growth in both formulations and API. 
 
The performance was driven by a 31% growth in the rest of the 
world markets which reflects our strategic geographic expansion 
and focused execution. Despite continuing pricing challenges, our 
US business grew 21% supported by higher volumes whereas the 
API business grew by 15%. We continue to maintain sharp focus 
on profitability and operational excellence. 
 
We filed 2 ANDAs during the quarter and cumulative ANDA files 
were at 269.  
We also received 6 approvals and 1 tentative approval.  
We launched 3 products in the US.  
We cumulatively have 226 ANDA approvals including 21 tentative 
approvals and we expect to launch 4-5 products in Q3 and 
another 4-5 in Q4 of this year. 
 
Our R&D investment this quarter at around 10% of revenue 
reflects our commitment to building a strong pipeline for future 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
growth. We continue to focus on complex and high value areas 
such as injectable, peptides, oral solids and drug discovery with 
an emphasis on early entry opportunities like First to File, Day 1 
and NCE-1 launches. 
 
Our annual R&D guidance was given at INR600 crores to 650 
crores at the start of the year. We continue to have the same 
number in mind. We will invest towards marketing and approval 
in the product launch of Pivya which will mark our foray into the 
branded segment in the US market. 
 
We expect to start this late Q4 of FY '26. Pivya would target the 
stable 30 million prescriptions in urinary tract infections which has 
had little product introduction for more than a decade. This will 
have an impact on near-term profitability but we are confident of 
the medium to long-term market opportunity that the product will 
help us capture. 
 
With this I throw the floor open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and 
answer session. Our first question comes from the line of 
Damayanti Kerai from HSBC Bank. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is I just want to 
understand the R&D bumper better. So Pranav if you can help us 
understand although you are maintaining the guidance but where 
the majority of spend went during the quarter that led to sharp 
increase in the R&D? Which segments of product categories if 
you can elaborate? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. If you see on H1 basis if I am saying a guidance of INR600 
crores to INR650 crores then on H1 basis we are within the 
amount that we had said. We are not too far off.  Quarter wise we 
are 10% but I think at the end of the year we will be around 8% 
kind of levels. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
In terms of where it went, predominantly most of it is on the 
formulation development, a lot of it being on the injectables and 
complex injectables also which as we gradually increase our 
injectables and complex injectable filing that is also kicking in for 
us. 
Damayanti Kerai: So is semaglutide or any other peptide also part of this expense? 
Pranav Amin: 
We have set up a peptide lab and we do have bunch of products 
and GLP-1 under development. Semaglutide being one of them. 
Having said that, we are not there in the first phase of launch for 
semaglutide in the Canadian market and even in the US market. 
However, we are working on Mounjaro Tirzepatide and we 
believe we will be in the first phase of that in many of the markets. 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. My second question is on your branded foray in the US 
market. So you mentioned some investment will go towards that 
portfolio. So very broadly how much or what kind of investment 
are planned for that category? 
Pranav Amin: 
This is a little bit more of a mid to long term play, because as we 
build out a field force, It will be like an umbrella shape in terms of 
the revenue that will be generated. So initially, we will have a field 
force which will be promoting the product and it will take a couple 
of quarters for it to ramp up. 
 
So for couple of quarters we may have a little bit of a profitability 
hit because of this. But as we go along, as I said, it's like an 
umbrella curve and you will see a significant ramp up as we start 
generating prescriptions. 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. That's helpful. And my last question is if you can comment 
on what has led to very strong growth in ROW market and API. 
Specifically API, I understand demand had been muted for, I 
guess, not only you, but across the market for last couple of 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
quarters. But I think your performance is very exceptional. So if 
you can help us understanding that. 
Pranav Amin: 
Good question. Thanks, Damayanti. So two things. One is the 
ROW generics. For us, that is part of the business. If you see over 
the last 7 to 10 years, we have grown by a CAGR of almost 20%. 
So that has been a very good growth market for us. This year also 
we will end up growing by about 15% to 20%. 
 
This quarter, 30% growth is a little exceptional because last year 
H1 had a low base compared to H2. H2 has a much higher base 
last year because last year during H1 we had some supply 
difficulties. We will grow in H2 as well, but it won't be as high. But 
at the year end, we will be about 15% to 20% in ROW generics. 
 
As regards API, yes, it is still not as rosy. If you see the last 8 
quarters even we have had, we have been sluggish in terms of 
growth for API. And just at a lower base, this quarter we ended 
up having some more development quantities in some areas. API 
is still challenging. I think for the year we will grow at about 10%, 
but yes this was a good quarter. It was an exceptional quarter. 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. Fully around 10% growth. It's something more visual. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Damayanti Kerai: That's helpful. Yes. Thank you for your response. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tushar 
Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Service. Please go 
ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. So again, on this utility 
therapeutics, if you could sort of elaborate in terms of number of 
MRs or field force you want to set up. And in addition to this, what 
kind of portfolio you intend to build up? Is that going to restrict 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
only to urinary tract infections? If you could throw some light in 
terms of these aspects? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. So what we will do with definitely is we will gradually ramp 
up the field force. We will start with some of the high prescription 
areas. This is in women's health. So we will target the women's 
health area. We will start with a smaller field force to initially see 
how the ramp up happens. 
 
We'll go with high prescribing doctors and we've already identified 
the territories. We will start with that field force. And as we move 
along, as we start generating sales, we will increase the field force 
to go for more doctors as well. In this same area, we will look at 
in licensing and more products as well.  
But first, we want to stabilize this product, Pivya, get the sales 
going off the ground, but actively we're scouting around for other 
opportunities as well. I believe this can be a good de-risk from the 
generic business and the pricing challenges that we have in the 
generic business. And we can build a good franchise in women's 
health. And that's something that we're going to aim to do. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
At least, sir, let us say, for the next 12 to 18 months or 12 
to 24 months, how much sort of an additional operational cost one 
would factor before we start seeing meaningful traction in the 
revenue? 
Pranav Amin: 
It will take couple of quarters at least. If we start end of this year, 
Q1 FY27 will be the first full quarter of launch as per the schedule 
that we have currently as per our plans. So it will take a couple of 
quarters at least to get it going. And then the revenue will ramp 
up. As I mentioned to Damayanti, it'll be a little bit like an umbrella 
curve, J-curve. We'll go up much faster as we start generating 
prescriptions. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got you. So considering this aspect and subsequently 
reasonably good traction in, say, non-US as well as US market 
and API, any guidance you would like to give for FY26 or second 
half of FY26 EBITDA margin? 
Pranav Amin: 
For EBITDA margin, the only guidance I have given in the past 
and I continue to stay by that. If you see fundamentally what will 
happen over the next couple of years, we will see an improvement 
in EBITDA margin moving forward. So it could be the quarter-on-
quarter, you may see a variation. Next year, next-to-next year, we 
would like to go to the 18%, 19% kind of levels. In the next couple 
of years, get to a 20% EBITDA level 
And that will happen with growth across all the sectors. I think with 
India business, we'll come back to growth, animal healthcare is 
already doing well. Gynecology, ophthalmology are doing well. 
And once the main business also starts getting back on growth, 
the other aspect is the US growing.  
We have some facilities like the injectable and the onco facilities 
which are not as fully utilized as of now. As that utilization goes 
up, that will help push up their margins as well. So I'm pretty 
confident that in the next couple of years, we will bump up towards 
the 20% kind of levels. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Okay, well, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Bharat 
Celly from Equirius Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Celly: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sir just wanted to understand on 
the US specialty side, so what sort of investments or levels we 
are looking to earmark towards this business? What sort of losses 
we can see maximum when we get into this business? 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Pranav Amin: 
So Bharat, what will happen is these will be all in terms of upfront 
costs. As you know, we've acquired this for milestones, we've got 
a few milestones, total milestones will be 12 million paid over a 
period of time. And the operational cost is just the onboarding of 
the field force. That's what's going to be operational cost.  
So we're going to try minimizing that, as I said that earlier, to 
Tushar that we will gradually start the ramp up of the field force. 
And as we start getting some momentum, then we will build up 
the field force a little more. Let's wait till Q1FY27 to see how the 
ramp up starts. And we'll get a much better idea as we move 
along. 
Bharat Celly: 
Surely, and what gives us confidence that it can be a successful 
product, because we have seen multiple companies getting into 
specialty side and then rolling it back later on? So what gives us 
confidence over here? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, what gives us confidence is in this segment, in women's 
health and UTI infection, there haven't been too many new 
molecules that have come out. This is a tried and tested product 
which has been launched in Europe and it's been there and 
commercialized in Europe for many years. So it's tried and tested. 
Number two, it works well in women who are pregnant. I think it's 
quite a safe alternative. So that gives an additional bonus. 
 
And since there haven't been too many new introductions, we 
believe there's a niche that we can go to. We've done some 
surveys with doctors in the U.S. and we believe that there is an 
opportunity. In fact, once some of the medical professionals have 
heard about this, they have already started approaching us as to 
when we're launching the product. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
So that gives us some excitement. I believe it will be an interesting 
area as the first foreign to branded segment in the U.S. And as 
we move along, we'd like to add more products to this as well. 
Bharat Celly: 
Okay. And last one, what sort of losses we will have from the new 
injectable plant which we have commercialized over the last two 
and a half years? 
Pranav Amin: 
We don't have losses per se. We do have unabsorbed overheads. 
And as we go along, the first half of this year, we've already seen 
a much better utilization of these facilities, which has also led to 
the margins going up. 
 
And as we move along with the launches that we have in the 
pipeline for H2 and FY27, this will further impact on the top line, 
which will continue growing in the U.S. and the rest of the world 
markets, as well as the margin improvement. 
Bharat Celly: 
Surely. And since we are investing into the new specialty side, 
there could be some margin pressure for at least FY26, FY27, 
right? 
Pranav Amin: 
 Let's see.  as I said, Q1 and Q2 is where we feel it. I believe Q3, 
Q4 onwards, it will start getting normalized. 
Bharat Celly: 
Any budgeted amount which you would have thought of to invest 
in the first quarters? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, we haven't disclosed that. We haven't gone into those 
numbers yet. 
Bharat Celly: 
Thanks a lot. I will get back to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Bino 
Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Hi, good afternoon. Just a follow-up question on ROW 
markets. Are these mostly Europe, most of the sales coming from 
Europe? 
Pranav Amin: 
Europe is a big market for us. Our ROW business is broadly 
centered around 4-5 territories, which is Europe, Canada, 
Australia, Chile, South Africa and Brazil.  
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay. Of which Europe, Canada, Australia, I mean, the 
regulated markets would be roughly what? Half or 70%? 
Pranav Amin: 
85%. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
85% is regulated. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Yash 
Singhee from Renaissance Investment Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Singhee: 
Yes. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the Indian business, I 
wanted to understand how is the Azithral sales trending? As in, if 
that is still trending downwards and the rest of the pickup is mostly 
due to animal health? 
Shaunak Amin: 
Sorry, could you repeat the question? I couldn't hear. 
Yash Singhee: 
Just to understand how are the Azithral sales trending? So just to 
understand the way going in future, is it animal health and Gynec, 
which is picking up and Azithral still being kind of a driver for the 
growth? 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes. For Azithral, the base is stabilizing and we're starting to see 
upward movement of Azithral going forward at this point. Animal 
health continues to outperform. Gynec also will continue to 
outperform. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Yash Singhee: 
We can expect better than IPM growth as Azithral starts trending 
upwards with that. 
Shaunak Amin: 
 Hopefully, yes. 
Yash Singhee: 
And on the US business, just trying to understand, despite a good 
US growth in this quarter, there's a Q-o-Q softness in gross 
margins. So anything that you can update on that? 
Pranav Amin: 
 In terms of gross margins, we've always guided there will be 70% 
plus gross margins. Q on Q would be just a matter of either 
product mix or something or the other. So At the end of the year, 
I believe the gross margins will be at the same similar levels that 
we've been guiding. 
Yash Singhee: 
What range would you see? 
G. Krishnan: 
It will be in the similar range of 70% to 75% that we've been 
guiding in the past. 
Yash Singhee: 
Understood. Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Rahul 
Jeewani from IIFL Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Yes. Thank you, sir, for taking my question. So this 5% growth, 
which we saw in the India business during the quarter, you 
indicated that there were GST disruptions as well in terms of your 
booking of sales during the quarter. So can you quantify the 
impact which GST would have had in terms of domestic business 
growth for 2Q? 
G. Krishnan: 
So as far as GST disruptions were concerned, we did pause the 
billing for a few days in the month. And we expected the orders to 
come back. I think that flow into October and we are yet to see 
how the October trajectory is looking like. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
But what we got to believe is that the demand that switched over 
from September to October is something that should partially 
build the growth for Q3. But there will be definitely some extent of 
primary sales that would not have come back.  
So, it's not straightforward to calculate what is the impact on the 
growth. But one factual aspect is that in terms of the festival 
related impact, last year, we had that in October, but this year, we 
had that in September. So that would have an impact, especially 
for the Eastern zone. But we'll have to wait and see how the 
October numbers pick up and how the primary versus secondary 
stack up. And we hope that the impact is not significant. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. So generally on the domestic business performance, 
while we have been outperforming market growth in, let's say, 
therapies like Gynec,Opthal and animal health, over the past 
couple of years, we seem to have underperformed IPM growth. 
So when do you expect the domestic business growth to first 
catch up with IPM, and then potentially start outperforming the 
market growth as well? 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes, we've maintained that in the past, there was a base effect 
post COVID for large part of our acute business. Going forward, 
we should be able to catch up with. Our represented market 
growth will actually start catching up with market growth soon. 
 
And when that happens, our internal growth also will start 
matching the market growth, which for the last few years, our 
represented market for acute business was underperforming 
compared to the overall market growth. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And any plans of adding on to the team in the India 
business? 
Shaunak Amin: 
As of now, no plans. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Okay, sure. So and just one question I had with respect to the US 
business and capital allocation. So Pranav, we had, so we had, 
let's say controlled our R&D spends over the past two year period, 
where our R&D spends had moderated from 12%-13% to an 8% 
kind of a number.  
Now this quarter, obviously, we saw an increase in R&D spend, 
but you have maintained your guidance for full year. But let's say 
from a two to three year perspective, what kind of an R&D spend 
are you budgeting in?  
And when do we actually start seeing some better productivity on 
this R&D? Because at least in terms of the new launches for the 
US business, we haven't seen, let's say limited competition 
approval still coming in for us. Yes. 
Pranav Amin: 
 It's a good question, Rahul. To be honest, I don't think we will 
ever go back to the 12%-13%-14% kind of R&D spends that we 
were doing when margins and the returns in the US are much 
higher than what they are right now. So we will not go to those 
levels. I believe we will still be at that 8% kind of levels for R&D 
spend.  
One of the reasons in the bump up is Q1 was a little lower. And 
it's just some, as we're filing injectables and some more peptides, 
you're seeing a little heavier kind of R&D spend that we're 
incurring. But I still believe, the guidance for the year will be at the 
INR600 crores-INR650 crores level. We won't exceed that. And 
moving forward also, we'll be at 8% level. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And when do you start seeing some of these, let's say, 
differentiated and complex product approvals coming through for 
us as far as injectables and peptides are concerned? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, so we have some peptides. We've got one peptide, which 
we've got approval for, but the GLP ones, there's still time for that. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
We've done batches of tirzepatide, the Mounjaro right now, which 
has caused a little bit of a bump up in the R&D costs for this 
quarter.  
And apart from that, some of the complex injectables, we will see 
some approvals coming up in the next couple of months, 
hopefully, that will be a little more meaningful. It won't be as big 
as some of the others, but it will be a little more meaningful with 
a little more limited competition. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. I will join back the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Maulik 
Varia from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Maulik Varia: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I hope I am audible. So a 
few questions from my end. I just wanted to understand, I think in 
the last quarter, we talked about certain hiccups due to the 
UCPMP implementation across the domestic geography. Can 
you provide some update on that, if that's completed, or is it still 
impacting the business? 
Shaunak Amin: 
I'm not able to recollect what you're mentioning about the UCPMP 
on the India business. 
G. Krishnan: 
I'm not sure, Maulik, we commented on that, on the impact. So I 
think we, in fact, have been following the policy quite ahead of 
time. So we don't see any challenges on that front. 
Maulik Varia: 
And also, we launched generic interest too, I think in the later end 
of the first quarter. So how has that been picked up? 
Pranav Amin: 
 That's been picked up. Well, there was a lot of competition on 
that product, and pricing was much lower than what I would have 
liked or would have expected. Having said that, we have picked 
up a few meaningful accounts. We have a decent share on that. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Maulik Varia: 
Okay, so we commented that the growth in the second quarter 
was due to volumes. So, would Entresto be a significant 
contributor to that? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. Entresto would be. 
Maulik Varia: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, although, I mean, in other expenses, apart 
from R&D expenses being high, we've seen other expenses 
reduced for the quarter on a year-on-year comparison. So what 
all aspects have been under control or maybe we've cut down on 
that? 
G. Krishnan: 
See, the other expenses are predominantly fixed costs.  While the 
year-on-year cost has increased, the growth is below the revenue 
growth, which is leading to a bit of operating leverage impact and 
that ties back to the improvement in capacity utilization that we 
have seen across business. So we should see it in that front. 
And it also going back to the point which Pranav mentioned, that 
as we see improvement in capacity utilization, we should see the 
margin expansion coming through, subject to the price impact. So 
it's more of a controlled fixed cost increase that we're seeing 
improve the margins. 
Maulik Varia: 
Okay. Okay. And sorry, I would have missed it, but can you please 
repeat how much was the plant utilization for the new plant? 
G. Krishnan: 
So we don't go at plant-level utilization and I don't see that as a 
necessity for doing financial model at a plant level. 
Maulik Varia: 
Okay. Okay. Any broad-level color on the utilization number on a 
consolidated basis? 
Pranav Amin: 
See, broad-level, the OSD plants are all running at optimal 
capacity utilization. F-4 has got a little bit of headroom for future 
expansion. API is all running at optimal capacity. It's just the three 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
new plants which are a little lower than – that too, in that certain 
lines are higher, certain lines are lower. 
It's the injectable onco plants which are running a little lower than 
what we've anticipated. But you'll see, we've got a lot of back-
ended products and launches that will come from these plants 
anyway, and I think, you'll see an impact of that in H2 itself. 
Maulik Varia: 
Okay. So once the product approvals start coming in, we will see 
improvement in the utilization. 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. Exactly. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rashmee Shetty from 
Dolat Capital. 
Rashmee Shetty: Yes. Just trying to understand more on the US business. When 
you mentioned that this quarter we have benefited from the 
volume, is it something that only new launches and the existing 
products have been benefited or we have also benefited from any 
one-off opportunity like we did in our earlier quarters? 
Pranav Amin: 
 Just the new launches, as was earlier mentioned, Entresto was 
a new launch. Apart from that, we had about three, four other 
launches that we did, and gradual ramp-up in some of the other 
products that we are supplying. But we haven't seen any 
shortages of one-time buy opportunities that we used to see 
earlier. The market is quite well supplied and there's a fair bit of 
erosion, so we're not seeing as many short-term supply-side 
opportunities. 
Rashmee Shetty: Okay. So this number, what we have done in quarter two, do you 
feel that this is more sustainable in the subsequent quarters also? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. Unless there's more erosion in some of the larger launches 
like Entresto. While we've already seen some erosion in Entresto 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
since we launched, but I believe that with the new launches, if we 
keep ramping up, we should be okay. 
Rashmee Shetty: Okay. And on the India business, whatever explanation you have 
given, based on that, is it safe to assume that for this year, we will 
be underperforming the market growth? 
Shaunak Amin: 
No. I think that's still half the year left.  
G. Krishnan: 
 We mentioned that, you know, we're looking at improved 
productivity that we are working through across the field force. So 
that should bring back more closer towards the market. I think the 
full impact of that will be seen from next financial year. 
Rashmee Shetty: Okay. 
G. Krishnan: 
But I would like to, actually, you know, if you look at the, from 
purely from a modeling perspective, if you look at the growth for 
the second half of the financial year, you should consider the fact 
that the last year's second half was a higher base. We expect 
growth to continue in the second half of the year, you need to 
factor the higher base of the last year, when you do the projection. 
Rashmee Shetty: Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. As there are no further questions from the 
participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. G. Krishnan 
for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
G. Krishnan: 
Thank you for joining the call. In case you've got any follow-up 
questions, please feel free to reach out to Ajay Desai and the IR 
team for any further follow-up questions. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Alembic 
Pharmaceuticals Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
