& 
= 
o 
Best Agolife limited 
CIN 
: L74110DL1992PLC116773 
November 18, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
25t Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Sub: Transcript of Q2 Earnings Conference Call - FY 2025-26 
Dear Sir/Mam 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations™), please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended September 30, 2025 held 
on Friday, November 14, 2025. 
The above transcript is also available on the website of the company i.e. www.bestagrolife.com 
Submitted for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Best Agrolife Li 
P 
Aarti Arora 
CS & Compliance O 
@ Registered & Corporate Office 
: B-4, Bhagwan Dass Nagar, East Punjabi Bagh, New Delhi-110026 
@ 
Phone: 011-45803300 
| 
Fox: 011-45093518 
@ info@bestagrolife.com 
| www.bestagrolife.com 
m 

Best Agrolife Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 
Moderator: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call 
of Best Agrolife Limited. 
As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on 
your touch-tone phone. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. The 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult 
to predict. 
Today, from the management side, we have with us Mr. Vimal Kumar — Managing Director, Mr. 
Surendra Sai — Whole Time Director and Mr. Vikas Jain — Chief Financial Officer. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Vimal Kumar 
for his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Thank you. Thank you very much. Good afternoon. 
| welcome our investors, analysts and 
shareholders to the Q2 FY'26 earnings call. Thank you for joining us today and your continued 
trust in the company. 
This year, the Khareef season has once again reminded us that the Indian farmers are heavily 
dependent on monsoons. The rains have been very difficult and very seasonal. Many parts of 
the country experienced heavy and untimely rainfall. Several key regions experienced floods, 
causing crop damages and losses. According to the Indian Meteorological Department, the 
country received about 
8% above normal rainfall during Augustand September 2025. However, 
Punjab and Haryana recorded 40% to 50% higher than normal rainfall, leading to floods. 
Rajasthan and Haryana recorded 40% to 50% higher than normal rainfall, leading to floods. 
Rajasthan received 30% excess rain. In Maharashtra, more than 6 million hectares of farmland 
were affected by floods, water logging and submergence. Overall, a challenging situation for 
the farmers. These extreme conditions caused serious damage 
to the major Khareef crop such 
as soybean, maize, cotton and pulses. Many fields remained submerged for a long period and 
many farmers faced delayed harvesting and crop losses. At the same time, heavy rain also 
Page 
1 of 16

Vikas Jain: 
washed away pest infestation and with fewer number of sprays. As a result, demand for 
agrochemicals remained weak in several regions. The early rains were good for the Khareef 
sowing and supported the crops. But then the excessive rainfall at the large stage of harvesting 
washed away all the gains. Unseasonal rain conditions 
till late August, September and October, 
these rains resulted 
in substantial crop losses, especially for cotton, soybean, pulses, 
groundnuts and vegetables. Looking ahead, the positives for the Rabi season are plenty of 
groundwater and dams full of water, but the poor Khareef season led to delayed Rabi sowing 
and farmer losses and financial stress. Overall, we have seen the demand for agrochemicals 
being disrupted. 
Despite these challenges, Best Agrolife has navigated the season with discipline and resilience. 
We carefully managed our operations, maintained strict control on inventory 
and stayed close 
to our customers through our strong field presence. Our focus has remained on maintaining 
regular inventories and financial discipline in every aspect of our operations. This year we did 
significantly 
less pre-placement 
and sold our products closer 
to liquidation period. This strategy 
has been a great positive for us. Traditionally, the agrochemical industry experiences the bulk 
of sale return in the third quarter. However, with our revised sales return policy and our 
reduced pre-season order placement strategy, we expect significantly lower sales return in Q3 
FY'26 compared to previous years. This has resulted in our proactive approach and strong 
operational planning. Our focus will be profitable and long-term growth. 
Another major strength this year has been our growing portfolio of patented products. 
Patented products now contribute to more than half of our brand portfolio. This shift is slowly 
enhancing our brand value. Our margin profile will continue to improve and our competitive 
advantage will continue to grow. Today, whenever 
| speak with our customers, farmer 
feedback, 
I hear only positive feedback about our products. Despite the lower revenue, the 
quality of our revenue mix has improved. We are selling more of our patented products. 
Looking ahead, 
| am optimistically positive the outlook for the Rabi season 
is cautiously 
favourable. With focus on research and development, operational discipline and significantly 
lower sales return in Q3, 
| am confident that Best Agro is well positioned for growth and 
profitability. 
Thank you. Now 
| request our CFO, Mr. Vikas Jain to give a detailed financial performance. 
Thank you Vimal ji and good afternoon to everyone. 
I will now take you through the financial 
performance for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
For Q2 FY'26 the company reported revenue of Rs. 516.8 crores compared to Rs. 746.6 crores 
in Q2 FY'25. Margin is 30.8% year-on-year decline due to unfavorable weather conditions. The 
moderation was expected as we consciously focused on optimizing inventory, streamlining 
channels and aligning production with actual market demand to reduce working capital stress. 
Page 2 of 16

Surendra Sai: 
Gross margins stood at Rs. 169.6 crore compared to Rs. 252.1 crore in Q2 FY'25. While the 
absolute margin declined, the product mix improvement towards higher value patented 
formulation supported overall profitability resilience. EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 77.5 crore 
as against Rs. 147.1 crore in the same period last year, translating into an EBITDA margin of 
15% compared 
to 
19.7% 
in 
Q2 
FY'25. 
Sequentially, 
however, 
margins have shown 
improvement, reflecting the impacts of tighter cost controls and efficiency measures. Profit 
after tax for Q2 FY'26 was Rs. 38.3 crore compared to Rs. 94.7 crore in Q2 FY'25, resulting in a 
PAT margin of 7.4% versus 12.7% last year. 
For H1 FY'26, revenue stood at Rs. 898.1 crore, EBITDA at Rs. 123.3 crore and PAT at around 
Rs. 58.2 crore, reflecting a phase of realignment and strategy consolidation. 
During the quarter, we maintained 
a 
strong focus 
on cash flow 
discipline, expense 
rationalization and balance sheet efficiency. Our efforts on reducing OPEX and improving 
collections from trade partners have started yielding results, helping us sustain financial 
stability in a volatile environment. The business is steadily progressing towards stabilization, 
with notable improvements 
in key operational areas, including lower sales returns and 
optimization of operational expenses, as well as a tight control on inventory. Inventory levels 
have decreased by Rs. 207 crore from Rs. 873 crore in H1 FY'25 to Rs. 666 crore in H1 FY26, 
marking 
a 24% year-on-year reduction. Through strategic restructuring across regional 
operations, the company has achieved an OPEX reduction of 13% compared to Q2 FY'25 and 
11% compared to H1 FY'25. We believe this belt-tightening will be the base for our future. As 
We enter the rabi season, we expect volume growth to recover, driven by improved farmer 
sentiments and 
a stronger demand for wheat and potato-related crop solutions. With 
reservoirs filled and soil moisture levels favourable, the outlook 
for the next quarteris positive. 
Moving into the second half of FY'26, our primary focus will be on returning to profitability in 
Q3 and Q4. We are aiming to achieve an EBITDA margin of around 13% to 14%, with an 
approximate turnover of around Rs. 1,500 crore for the fiscal year. 
In summary, while Q2 was impacted by short-term challenges, we are confident that our 
strategic focus on operational efficiency, innovation and financial prudence will help us to 
deliver strong performance in the second half of FY'26. 
With that, 
| will hand over to Mr. Surendra Sai. 
Thank you, Vikas Ji. Good afternoon to everyone on the call. 
Notwithstanding 
a tough 
halfyear, we remain 
positive about 
our future 
direction. 
Agrochemical business globally 
is subjected to unexpected peaks and troughs. We are 
cognizant of this unpredictability, and the management focus has been towards building a 
sustainable and predictable business. It is this endeavor that will be our focus. We believe that 
Page 3 of 16

Moderator: 
the steps taken by us in terms of expense reduction, sales policy, inventory control and focus 
on analytics and the use of R&D will weather us through the H1 storm. Our IT systems are 
maturing as we roll out SAP automation and analytical dashboards. Each step will strengthen 
the organization. We are determined in setting the direction for becoming an agri-tech R&D 
based company. Our R&D and IT teams were successful in garnering a new and novel nano- 
urea footprint. This is our first foray into the field of nanomaterials. 
In H1, we added four more patents 
to our IT portfolio. Our basket of intellectual property now 
includes synergistic patents, synthesis patents, nano-formulation patents and we hope 
to make 
more breakthroughs with agri-tech patents. Our ability 
to synergize these R&D efforts into a 
sustained top line and bottom line will be our goal. 
As a forward-looking company, our commentary would be incomplete without mentioning the 
role of Al Developments in the arena of generating Al are transformational. Every week, there 
are new foundational models 
being released 
and new 
use 
cases 
for 
Al 
are 
being 
conceptualized. There is a significant scope for adoption of 
Al in the Indian context. We are 
cognizant of this transformation and as a company, we will adopt, develop and benefit from 
this revolution. 
Export is an area of focus and our business in Africa is continuing. As previously stated, after 
the successful completion of three consignments, we have been awarded further orders based 
on our quality. The feedback from the customers has been overwhelmingly positive. This year, 
we hope to do around $1 million business with this customer alone. We have started 
generating revenue from our China subsidiary and look forward to end the year with $6 million 
to $8 million in revenue generation. 
In terms of international trade, we are actively looking at Rupee and RMB trade as a natural 
hedge against the dollar volatility. Our patented product registration in Mauritius, Sri Lanka 
and Vietnam are progressing. Our active ingredients and formulation products are moving 
through the approval process in Taiwan, Mexico, Thailand, Vietnam and other key markets. 
With these efforts, we are strategizing on creating additional revenue streams in the coming 
years. We are actively pursuing opportunities in the Kenyan market to commercialize our 
patented products and establish a market presence in East Africa. 
1 thank all the participants, investors, shareholders and well-wishers for taking the time to 
attend this earnings call. With this, 
| will conclude this short update and we are now open for 
questions. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Hemant M, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Page 4 of 16

Hemant M: 
Vikas Jain: 
Hemant M: 
Vikas Jain: 
Hemant M: 
Vikas Jain: 
Hemant M: 
Vikas Jain: 
Hemant M: 
Vikas Jain: 
Hemant M: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Coming to my question, sir, 
my first question is related to our patented revenues. We have done around Rs. 290 crores in 
H1 this year compared to Rs. 367 crores last year. In the AGM call, you were mentioning 
that 
you are placing a few patented products before the season. Can you give me a break-up of this 
Rs. 290 crores? How much have you placed before the season? 
Hello? You are talking about only patented products? 
Yes, only patented products. 
Patented products are a strategy. This year, we had decided that as against placing 50 to 60 
products, our focus would be only to place patented products. So, the placement had 
happened before the start of Khareef season. Now, for Rabi, the placements would start from 
November end and the main sales will happen in December. 
Okay. And how much of this Rs. 290 crores is liquidated till now? 
So, we have almost 
in October, we got 90%, 95% of our sales returned back as was endeavored 
this year by changing our policy. So, whatever we have got back was around 10% to 12% of our 
sales from the patented products. So, we have got everything back So, there is hardly anything 
left from the Khareef season in the market. There might be something where small year-end 
day liquidation might be pending. But other than that, 90% to 95% everything is liquidated. 
And for the sales return what we had in October, we had adequately made provision in 
September itself. So, we have made enough provision for the actual return what we are 
supposed to getin October. And our returns are little lesser only as compared towhat provision 
we have made. 
What is the provision for Khareef season? 
So, September we have made a provision close to Rs. 80 crores. 
Okay. And coming to the Q1 numbers, this includes the provision of Rs. 50 crores. So, we have 
done around Rs. 430 crores. How much of this Rs. 430 crores is liquidated till now? And what 
is the sales return? 
So, liquidation is, as | said, for Khareef season, most of our returns have come in October and 
there s hardly any liquidation which is pending. Because of the delaying seasonin South, there 
might be some where the season is going on a lttle bit. But most of it has been liquidated and 
whatever is not there has already been returned. 
This includes generic products as well, right? 
Page 5 of 16

Vikas Jain: 
Hemant M: 
Vikas Jain: 
Hemant M: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Hemant M: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Hemant M: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Hemant M: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Yes, yes. So, our overall strategy was to ensure a much lesser sales return which includes for 
both generic as well as liquidated products. 
Okay. So, with the new approach, we might do well in Q3 this year with all these changes, 
whatever we have done. But if you see our Q4 revenue last year, only Rs. 90 crores came from 
branded revenues and balance Rs. 180 crores came from technical. So, if we see our technical 
margins are very less compared to branded revenues, we need to do at least Rs. 27 crores, Rs. 
28 crores PAT in Q4 to be back positive. So, what will be the approach for this year to be PAT 
positive for Q3 and Q4? 
So, last year what you see is Rs. 90 crores, not just Rs. 90 crores, but gross was much higher 
and we had sales return also in Q4. So, now this year we have ensured that all the Khareef 
related sales return has already been closed. But last year 
we had certain material which came 
back later on in Q1 as well which we would not see this year. So, last year also our branded 
sales was much higher. It was almost double, but because of sales return it was only 90 what 
we could have seen. But this year we will not see such kind of sales return and the sales of 
branded itself will be higher and the technical sales will be little lower 
as compared to previous 
year. 
Okay. Next question is related to the patented launches. How many were planned in the next 
12 months? 
You are talking about new products which we have to launch, right? 
Yes, new products. How many were planned? 
This year we already have launched our product like Bestman. We have already launched and 
one product which we have launched is 34+ brand new SHOT DOWN which we have launched 
already. For this year we have launched, but for next year we have planned for new products 
also. Next financial year. 
Can we expect three to four products in the next 12 months? 
No, maximum two products we will launch in next financial year. 
Looks like Bestman has done very well this year. Congratulations for that. 
Yes, 
definitely. Bestman, 
Fetagen 
and SHOT DOWN. These three products have done 
fantastically, really good in the field. These three products, Fetagen, SHOT DOWN and Bestman. 
And you are correct, Bestaman is also getting very good response, especially on the thrips. 
Which was a really serious issue for the farmer this year. And our Bestman has done really 
good, especially for the thrips and mites. 
Page 6 of 16

Hemant M: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Hemant M: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Hemant M: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Hemant M: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Hemant M: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Sir, and my last question is, 
if you see our products like Ronfen, Bestman and upcoming 
products Cubax Power Extra, all of these were related to sucking pests. What kind of challenges 
do you see in terms of selling these products in the next two, three years? 
No, it is not like the same, because if you talk about Fetagen, that is mainly the crops, it goes 
in the paddy. 
No, 
I am asking about Ronfen, Bestman and Cubax Power Extra. 
Yes, actually Cubax Power Extra, what you are talking about, definitely. And Bestman, if you 
are talking about Ronfen, if you talk about Ronfen, it goes mainly on the whiteflies and the 
sucking pests, generally if you talk about. And Bestman has Tolfenpyrad and Fipronil. There are 
two different chemistries. You can say as a broader way, both are working on the whiteflies 
and both are working on the sucking pests. But if you go specifically, the Bestman is for Aphids, 
Acids, Thrips, Whiteflies, Mites and Poros. It depends on the climatic condition and area to 
area. But it is different sales than Ronfen because Ronfen mainly is with the Diafenthiuron, 
which goes on the whiteflies. If you talk about Ronfen and Bestman comparison. 
Okay. Sir, in terms of this top line target for this year, in the previous call you were mentioning 
it will be around Rs. 1,700 crores. 
Any reason for the reduction to 1500 now? 
Yes. No, this is only because we are going conservative and our total debtors and stocks has 
reduced a lot, if you see. And even in the last one and a half year, we have reduced our debt of 
Rs. 150 crores. That is also there. So, if you talk about that way, that is the positive side, which 
we are controlling our debtors and stocks. 
Sir, but if you see the average, it is Rs. 600 crores for next two quarters. So, we will do only Rs. 
300 crores per quarter. And we were not able to do positive margins with these numbers from 
past two, three years. So, how confident are you this year to be PAT positive for both quarters? 
Yes, definitely. We have changed our strategy for this year. 
| already told in my commentary 
also that we have changed our strategy. According to our strategy, we are going in the right 
direction. If it is 1500, 1600, not because only we are reducing our sales return and control. 
Also, itis a season failure also in some of the regions. That is also one of the reasons for the 
sales. But we are doing conservatively. That s also an effect. But at the year end, 
| think all will 
be satisfied with our numbers and EBITDA margins. That | can say. Either it is less or more, but 
each number will be satisfied in the terms of inventory, in the terms of debtors, in the terms of 
Page 7 of 16

Hemant M: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
creditors, in the terms of our total debt. So, if you talk about total, in totality, it will be a good 
number, 
| would say. 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Namaskar, sir. 
Namaskar. Namaskar, Saketji. 
Sir, as you were replying to the earlier participants that we have made the necessary course 
corrections, wherein we are confident that going ahead, we will be reporting sustainable and 
predictable numbers going ahead. So, firstly, if you could just allude to, in 
a much descriptive 
way, what are the few key changes, other than the one which you have just explained, 
if 
anything else you would have to say, that how will the investors get the sense of your this 
sustainable and predictability coming into force. Because this is the first quarter wherein the 
quality of statement has changed, definitely from earlier conversations. And secondly, my 
question to Vikas i, sir in the cash flow, we have seen provision for expected credit loss at Rs. 
8.5 crores. So, we have been speaking about sales return, then provisions, and then again this 
expected ECL also. So, if sir could explain the nature of this line item. 
Yes, so, with respect to your first question on the predictability, so, as we have been discussing 
since last two meetings that this year we are realigning our quarters. So, you would have 
noticed that we are doing higher sales and higher profit in Q2, and then in Q3 and Q4 we are 
suffering because of the sales return and incurring losses. So, this year the realignment has 
already been done and we are already start giving the results. As we mentioned, inventory and 
debtors and all those numbers are already under control. Sales return also has gone down by 
50% compared to last year. So, this will help. And also with respect 
to the profitability number, 
because we are increasing our patented portfolio and whatever reduction we see in sales 
number are either because of the generic products going down or there is lesser sales of 
technical sales. Otherwise, our patent portfolio is still strong and almost similar 
to last year. So, 
this is on your first question. 
For the second question, it is just a temporary provision which has been done because we have 
put a formula that beyond a certain number of days we need to provide for the debtors. But 
November and December being the key collection months, we will be able to collect those and 
these provisions will be reversed. So, you will see in December that there will be a reversal 
because we use a certain formula for certain days of outstanding we provide. So, we have on 
Page 8 of 16

Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Surendra Sai: 
a conservative basis provided and which is signed off by auditors as well. But these are not 
actually bad in that sense because most of our collection generally comes in November and 
December when the harvest season is on and the cash flow moves in the market. So, rest 
assured that would be reversed in December. 
Sir, if you could 
just give the number 
for sales return for the second quarter and the first quarter 
and the provisions which we have made accordingly. Provisions 
for sales return and the actual 
sales return. 
So, second quarter, anyway it is mostly some part of rabi, we had around Rs. 30 crores, Rs. 40 
crores and we had a provision of Rs. 50 crores. For September, we have done provision of Rs. 
80 crores and what we are expecting is our returns would be around Rs. 60 crores. But same 
thing last year was actually around close to Rs. 140 crores of sales return. So, from about Rs. 
140 crores last year, we are going to have less than 70, around Rs. 60 crores to Rs. 70 crores 
for which we made a provision of Rs. 80 crores. 
When you mentioned that Rs. 80 crores as provisions and the actual should be Rs. 60 crores 
only. So, there will be a reversal of Rs. 20 crores going ahead in the net from the provision. 
So, we will wait for November, December as for some part of sales still there is liquidation 
happening in South. So, in case we do not receive much returns, then obviously you are right, 
it might be Rs. 20 crores or it could be Rs. 15 crores or Rs. 10 crores also. Reversal will happen 
in December. But anyways, the provision is much higher than the actuals. 
Sir, my question to Sai sir is about the international business that sir has alluded to and 
I think 
sir mentioned about one of the clients from which we have also got some million dollar 
contract, 
| missed that number. So, out of the total sales for the first half, what portion is 
towards the international business and how should H2 shape up in terms of behind the 
international sales? 
Yes, sir. So, as far as our, from one customer for which we have already completed the 
registration process. 
So, we have done approximately around USD 600K to USD 650Kof 
business with this customer and we look forward to another USD 350K to USD 400K of orders 
in the next H2. So, this is our optimism and the key point being that, you know this is just from 
one single customer. There are other customers with whom we are working. This will be a lttle 
slow, but we hope that once we are able to start with the customer, our product quality will 
be beneficial and our pricing will be beneficial, that will continue to grow. This is an early start. 
As far as our total overall sales numbers are concerned, one million international sales is 
relatively a very small drop in the bucket. But this is a segment that will continue to grow. This 
is just one aspect of the international business that we are looking at. There is some amount 
of institutional trading business that we are doing with our China subsidiary also and that is 
also sort of generating revenue. Our ability to be able to get profitability and better bottom 
Page 9 of 16

Saket Kapoor: 
Surendra Sai: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Surendra Sai: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Surendra Sai: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Surendra Sai: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Surendra Sai: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Surendra Sai: 
Saket Kapoor: 
line being generated and supported from the international business will be something that we 
will be looking forward in the next few quarters. 
Sir, Canyou quantify for the first half what is the contribution in revenue terms? 
In the revenue terms 
| had already mentioned that approximately USD 650K was with one 
customer and overall around 6 million top line was from our Chinese subsidiary. 
You are talking in dollar terms, 6 million dollars? 
Iam speaking in terms of dollar terms. But in terms of profitability, yes. 
Sir, last two points 
| completely missed out. Come again. 
As 
| mentioned, in H1 we have done around 650k with one customer and we have around the 
top line of around 6 million dollars from our China subsidiary. This is only from a top line 
perspective. 
And bottom line, sir? 
Bottom line at this particular point of time we still have expenses. So, we are still trying to get 
these things into a better shape. So, this will happen over a period of time. 
Okay, so they are not contributing to the bottom line. This is what you are attributing to. 
Not much. Very marginal. 
And what steps have been taken to improve on the same and going forward what can we 
expect? 
Definitely. 
| think international business will become one more pillar over a period of time 
based on all the steps that we are taking. In terms of the registrations that we are going on, in 
terms of our ability to have a subsidiary start, do an opening innings of a top line, that itself is 
a good step. We also hope to look forward to our technicals and intermediaries to come online. 
Because that is one area of R&D which has been going on for the last two years. We hope this 
will also start off. So, by next year definitely 
I think we should be able to see some positivity 
from the technicals. 
Okay, so last two points. Firstly on the CAPEX part, if you could just explain where are we in 
terms of the CAPEX that we have outlined earlier. Because in the capital work in progress, we 
are unable to find any meaningful number just as you can see. The capital work in progress is 
only one curve. 
Page 
10 of 16

Surendra Sai: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
You are absolutely right. You are absolutely right 
on the CAPEX front. We have been a lttle bit 
slow. 
| mean in a sense that the monsoons were so bad that we thought we wanted to focus 
on our regular business and the financial belt tightening to be able to invest immediately on 
the CAPEX front. So, we have been slow on that aspect. 
| agree. But we hope to be able to start 
very soon. 
So, in H2 what should we expect the CAPEX 
to be? 
So, the plan was only for this addition in our Gajraula plant. So, as we said we are going slow 
because 
the focus is more on stabilizing the business. We do not want to focus another part on 
the CAPEX immediately. So, that we have put on a second priority. So, it would take anywhere 
from three 
to six months for us to start this project. Other than this, we do not have any other 
CAPEX. 
Okay. So, in a nutshell, we will be taking a second look again for when 
to start the CAPEX. It will 
not happen in the H2 also. 
Yes. So, thisis for sure that we want 
to do it. So, itis only the timing part, which you mentioned 
rightly, that we are re-looking. It could be three 
to six months. 
Okay. Then the fund raising exercise and all, whatever we have done, that fund isalso not being 
utilized for the purpose for which we have drawn. So, we will re-look on? 
So, we did not want to take additional burden of all these, including to spend a lot of efforts on 
starting this plant, plus financing and everything. So, since this year, as you see, the numbers 
have been tough for us to realign, to do a lot of discussion with the sales team and everything. 
So, we decided we will delay by three to six months. So, it is possible. So, financing is not a 
problem. Already we had confirmation 
from financing earlier 
to start as well.Itis only from our 
side that we want to just take some few more months so that this rabi season also does not 
get affected. And then post that, we will be able to start. 
Okay. So, just to conclude, sir, as Vimal sir was mentioning in the opening remark, we have to 
put the house in order, if we can say, from the earlier experiences, what we had for the last 12, 
18 months. And now going ahead, we might look at a better H2 in terms of a good bottom line 
that we can expect, which was not the case earlier, as we have already made the necessary 
changes with respect 
to the sales returns and provision. So, this understanding is correct as of 
now? 
Yes. So, we have put three important steps for this year. And on all those three steps, we are 
pretty happy that we are able to follow it. So, one was reduction in OPEX that we had reduced 
by 11% to 13%. Next was reduction in inventory. We have reduced by close to Rs. 200 crores. 
The third was reduction in sales return. We have reduced our sales return by more than 50%. 
Page 
11 of 16

Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
So, we are pretty happy that all these steps are not only planned and have been implemented 
properly. 
Okay. And lastly, sir, how was the generally sales for the H2? Means how does, in the total 
proportionate of businesses that we do, the December quarter and the March quarter 
generally plans out? | think the December would be wherein the pre-purchases for Rabi's come 
in. And how should these two quarters behave for business sentiment? 
So, Rabi generally mostly depends upon the water which is there in the dams. So, we are pretty 
optimistic because the dams are at good levels, which will help the Rabi crop. So, too early to 
give on any number, but as we said, if we are going to do Rs. 1,500 crores, around 1,500, so we 
have good Rs. 600 crores to cover in the next six months. So, the proportion could be  little 
higher or lower, but this is what 600 we are going to do in the next H2. 
Okay. You just mentioned 16 to 17 now. You were telling something. No, no. 
| interrupted you, 
sir. You were telling something. 
What 
| was saying was Rs. 600 crores plus a better patent portfolio, which will help us to and 
much lesser sales return, which will help us to have profitable quarters here. 
Fine, sir. Let us see how things shape up going ahead. And sir, for the debt part, sir, if this is all 
the working capital and the ECB part, that means foreign currency loans that we have currently 
in our books? 
We do not have any foreign currency loans. 
Okay. 
That thing is working capital. We do not even have any term loans as well. 
And what is the cost of funds, sir, currently? 
So, we are on an average between, you can say around 9.5%. 
Okay. And our rating, sir, last week? 
Rating is BBB. 
And when are the revision due, sir? 
Revision will happen again next year. So, we had our rating close to four, five months back. So, 
another six, seven months. 
Page 
12 of 16

Saket Kapoor: 
Vikas Jain: 
Moderator: 
sanjod Khare: 
Vimal Kumar: 
sanjod Khare: 
Vimal Kumar: 
sanjod Khare: 
Vimal Kumar: 
sanjod Khare: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Okay. All right, sir. Thank you, sir, and we will join back the queue. Thank you to the team. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjod Khare, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Hello. Good afternoon. Am 
| audible? 
So, because of this extended rain, definitely many regions got impacted. And even Rabi has 
been again pushed, right, compared to earlier years. So, which regions we are seeing now 
which are getting ready for Rabi? 
| mean, are we seeing that many regions are impacted and 
Rabi will be again pushed into Q4? Or some states are now we are seeing that Rabi will be 
starting in Q3? That is the first question. And are we seeing that because of all this extension 
of monsoon and even harvesting is getting delayed and everything is getting delayed. So, are 
we seeing that Q4 s going to be better than Q3? Or Q3 is going to be better than Q4? 
Yes, Mr. Sanjod, thank you for your question. And yes, your question is relevant. But which 
| 
said in my commentary also that Rabi season in Q3 for the herbicide that is going on as of now. 
Thatis a delay for one month. But still we can say which was the sales in October and that will 
be in November end. But definitely it will come under Q3 only if we talk about the herbicide of 
the Rabi season. And if we talk about insecticide or fungicide, that will come in the quarter 4. 
So, if we talk about year end, then there will be not any push of the Q4. Q4 will be just some of 
the sales. Generally, we have insecticide, fungicide sale in Q4 only. It is a month-to-month 
change which was impacted on the second quarter 
to third quarter. But it will impact 
for Q3 or 
Q4. 1t will be in Q3 only and Q4 only. 
Okay. So, on the ground, are we seeing now that the regions are getting ready? 
| mean many 
regions are getting ready for Rabi or there are still many regions are not ready for Rabi? 
No, no. As per our understanding, Q3 and Q4 as industry will be better because of the over 
rainfall. There is moisture which is needed for the Rabi crop that is already on the ground. So, 
we can say it is for the betterment only which excess rainfall in the Khareef. That is some 
damage in the Khareef crop. But if we talk about Rabi, it will be beneficial to Rabi crops. 
All right. Thank you and all the best. 
Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Sanjod. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vijay Jhawar, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Page 
13 of 16

Vijay Jhawar: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Vijay Jhawar: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Vijay Jhawar: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Vikas Jain: 
Vijay Jhawar: 
Vikas Jain: 
Vijay Jhawar: 
Vikas Jain: 
Vijay Jhawar: 
Hi, sir. 
Yes, Mr. Vijay. Yes, please. 
Yes. Sir, 
I just have two questions. So, my first question is like in January or February, we have 
raised a warrant with the investors at the price of 640. So, today our share price is trading like 
Rs. 300. So, how confident are we to get back the remaining 75% from the investors? 
Yes, Mr. Vijay. In fact, you are talking about the preferential which we have done in January, 
February. So, definitely there is an 18 month of time as per the guideline. And | think till that 
time it should be okay because all the participants had said it was 25%, which was Rs. 150 crore. 
So, we have already got Rs. 37.5 crore. So, Rs. 112.5 crore. It has to come through that and 
thereis a time. So, let us see. 
| think the third quarter performance, 
| hope it should be there. 
Yes, sir. But my question is like because we have a fixed cost of Rs. 120 crore, Rs. 130 crore per 
quarter in Q3. So, how confident are we to break even? 
Yes, definitely. As of now, we are confident because Rabi season is going good and there is no 
extra burden which last two years we are facing the extra sale return that was impacting our 
profitability in Q3 and Q4, which is not here in this year, which we already told that under 
provision it is coming. Whatever the return are coming, which is under provision only and we 
have some excess amount which we will add in Q3, which is not returned yet. So, that is our 
stance for the Q3 results and Q4 results, which was not last two years. 
Just to clarify, our fixed cost during season was close 
to that number, but off-season generally 
we are at around Rs. 80 crores 
to Rs. 90 crores. So, we have reduced our OPEX. So, our last year 
total OPEX was around 420, which is an average of 100 per quarter. So, this year we have 
reduced it by around 20% to 30%. So, we will be at around for full year close to Rs. 380 crores 
also, which comes to around 80 to 90. 
Sir, my another question is we had an inventory of Rs. 666 crores. So, | just want to understand 
how much is the finished product and how much is the technical? 
So, out of 666, now in September we have Rs. 666 crores. In Rs. 666 crores, close to Rs. 300 
crores would be our finished goods and balance would be in technical and bulk form. 
And sir, do we have anything which is getting expired, finished product? 
No, no, we do not have any such inventory. 
So, what we actually do if some product gets returned for two to three years and then if it gets 
expired, what actually we do with it? 
Page 14 of 16

Vimal Kumar: 
Vijay Jhawar: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Vijay Jhawar: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Vijay Jhawar: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Vijay Jhawar: 
Vimal Kumar: 
No, Mr. Vijay, this is not like this. Maybe you have heard about our industry also. Returns, 
whenever we calculate return, itis calculated return from the one distributor. It does not mean 
itis return to the company directly. It can return tothe depot and it resells also. So, we calculate 
as a return because once we sold, it got return, we calculate as a return. But after return, it 
comes to the stock and we sell it immediately or we try to sell it in the same season only. We 
never carry the one season product 
to another season. 
Yes. So, do we have any provision for that in our balance sheet if it gets expired or something? 
No, we always keep tracking. We have SAP system, very strong system. We never come back 
and there is no expiry at all. We always sell before the expiry, all the goods. 
Sir, 
1 am an investor since last three years o four years maybe. So, in 2022-23, when our 
company was at all time high like Rs.1500 to Rs. 1700. So, you keep on saying that our margin 
business is around 35% to 40%. So, now all the patented products we have and we have a good 
sale in terms of patented products. Why our margin s still in 12%, 13%? 
What you said in the last line, Mr. Vijay? 
No, 
| am just asking if our patented productis going higher. But in 2022-23, 
| do not remember, 
you told that our patented products have EBITDA margin of 30%, 35%. So, why our entire 
business is now only ranging between 13%, 14%, 15% EBITDA? 
No, actually if you see our total growth margin, if you talk about that is around 45%. But on 
average in total balance sheet, our growth margin is more than 36%. If you talk about this first 
half result, this is more than 36% is our total growth margin which is there. Definitely with the 
expenditure and if you talk about the total top revenue, if you match it, then it will reduce in 
the EBITDA. But in the next years, you will see when our sales will grow, that 
totally will come 
by EBITDA, whatever our growth margin, additional growth margin will come. Now it is 36% 
and now this last six months, we have changed a lot. Again and again we are trying 
to say that 
wehave changeda lot in our strategy 
to reduce our inventory, to reduce our debtors, to reduce 
our cycle and to better cash flow. We are doing that effort. Last six months we have done and 
that result we will show in the next six months as well as next year. Because when we are 
pushing to patented and we are not selling generic products, that result you will see in next 
one year, what you are asking for the total growth margin. Our total growth margin will 
increase, definitely EBITDA will also increase. 
Okay, sir. My next question is, do you have any plans to increase the shareholding in the 
company as a promoter? 
No, as of now we do not have any plans. 
Page 
15 of 16

Vijay Jhawar: 
Vimal Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Surendra Sai: 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. That is all from my side. 
Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Vijay. 
Thank you. As there are no questions from the participants, 
| now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
We thank all the people on the call for their participation. Predictability and resilience in our 
business will be the goal. Every quarter we will focus on our sustainable business and we will 
strive for long term growth. | thank everybody once again and we look forward to next quarter. 
Thank you. 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Best Agrolife Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
Page 
16 of 16
