 
JYOTI CNC AUTOMATION LIMITED
CIN: L29221GJ1991PLC014914
Regd. Off.: G – 506, Lodhika GIDC, Vill.: Metoda, 
Dist.: Rajkot – 360 021. Gujarat India.
  
 
Date: November 17, 2025 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
The Department of Corporate Services, 
The Listing Compliance Dept. 
BSE Limited, Mumbai 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, Mumbai 
 
BSE Script Code: 544081 
 
 
NSE Script Symbol: JYOTICNC 
 
 
SUB : Submission of Transcript of Earning Call. 
 
Respected Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a transcript of an earning call held on Monday November 
10, 2025 is enclosed herewith and the same is available on website of the company at 
https://jyoti.co.in/investors/announcements/investor-presentation/.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
 
 
 
 
____________________________ 
Maulik B. Gandhi  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: Stated As Above. 
 
 
Maulik 
Bharatkumar 
Gandhi
Digitally signed by Maulik 
Bharatkumar Gandhi
DN: cn=Maulik Bharatkumar Gandhi 
c=IN o=Personal
Reason: I am the author of this 
document
Location: 
Date: 2025-11-17 10:32+05:30

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Jyoti CNC Automation Limited Q2 & H1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on 10th November 2025 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PARAKRAMSINH JADEJA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, JYOTI CNC AUTOMATION 
LIMITED  
MODERATOR: 
MR. MOHIT KUMAR – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
of Jyoti CNC Automation Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company and may involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
Now, I hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thank you, Shloka. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you 
all to Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Jyoti CNC Automation Limited. 
 
Today, we have with us from the management, Mr. Parakramsinh Jadeja, Chairman and 
Managing Director. We will start with the opening remarks from the Management, followed by 
a Q&A session. Over to you sir. 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Thank you, Mohit. Good evening, everyone, and a very welcome to our Q2 and H1 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call.  
Along with me, I have a Senior Management Team and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
Results and presentation have been uploaded on the stock exchange. I hope everyone  had a 
chance to go through the same. 
India is currently witnessing a strong capital investment cycle, supported by favorable 
government initiatives such as PLI schemes and various state and central programs that 
encourage manufacturing. These efforts are reshaping the country's industrial landscape.  
While India has traditionally been known for its strength in the service sector, the last decade 
has marked a clear shift with the growing focus on becoming Atmanirbhar and building domestic 
manufacturing competitiveness. This momentum is particularly visible in sectors like defense, 
electronics manufacturing services, semiconductors, and automotive, where the capacity 
creation and technology investments are accelerating. 
In this environment, the role of mother machine manufacturers, those who build precision 
machines that in turn produce other machine tools, becomes especially important. As industries 
expand, the need for high-quality CNC machine tools rises significantly.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Today, the Indian CNC machine tool market is estimated around close to US$3.5 billion in 
annual demand. Yet, nearly 60% of this requirement is still met through imports. This highlights 
both a challenge and meaningful opportunity. India must reduce dependency on external 
suppliers and develop strong domestic manufacturing capabilities in these strategic segments.  
At Jyoti CNC, we see ourselves at the center of this transformation. Our vertically integrated 
manufacturing setup, strong in-house R&D, and deep understanding of high-growth industries 
give us a clear edge. We not only design and manufacture advanced CNC machines, but we do 
so with precision, reliability, and cost competitiveness suited to global standards. 
Our acquisition of Huron, a global leader in high-precision machining, has further strengthened 
our technological edge and helped us to expand our footprint across international markets. Over 
the years, this strong foundation has allowed us to expand across a wide range of industries, 
including high-growth sectors such as aerospace, defense, and EMS. We have built relationships 
with customers of high reputation, both in India and overseas, and have steadily increased our 
wallet share with marquee clients by delivering reliable performance, precision, and service 
supports.  
We believe this is our moment, not just to grow as a company, but to contribute meaningfully to 
India's journey of industrial self-reliance. By building world-class machines in India, for India, 
and the world, we aim to be among the leading machine tools manufacturers globally. 
Now, let me share what we are doing at Jyoti CNC to prepare for the next phase of our 
growth: 
1. 
We believe that our people are the heart of our progress. As we scale up, we need more 
than 1,000-plus skilled engineers in coming years. To support this, we are 
continuously investing in training, upskilling, and grooming our workforce. We are 
also setting up our own training institute to develop talent in-house so that our people 
grow with the company and company grow with the people.  
2. 
As announced, to meet the rising demand we are seeing from both traditional 
industries as well as new age sectors, we need to expand our manufacturing capacity 
based on our current order pipeline and market outlook. We are scaling our production 
capacity from 6,000 machines per annum to 16,000 machines per annum by September 
'2026. This will ensure that we are ready to serve customers quickly and efficiently 
without compromising on quality. 
3. 
As I mentioned in the previous call, recent geopolitical developments have led to 
higher demand from defense and allied sectors from European customers. We have 
been engaging closely with these customers and recently participated in a major global 
exhibition called the EMO in Germany, where the sentiments and outlook were very 
positive.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
In summary, we are expanding capacity, strengthening our talent base, deepening our 
capabilities, and preparing to serve a much larger and more global customer base. We remain 
financially disciplined and further focused, and we are confident of delivering a sustainable 
growth in years to come.  
Coming to the financial and operational performance of Q2 and H1 FY '26: 
We reported a strong consolidated revenue growth of 17.9% for the quarter, standing at Rs. 508 
crores. Our performance for this first half of the year was also strong, with consolidated revenue 
of Rs. 918 crores in H1 FY '26 compared to Rs. 792 crores in H1 FY '25, reflecting a growth of 
15.8%.  
In terms of revenue contribution across the industries in Quarter 2: 
36% came from aerospace and defense, 26% from auto and auto components, 21% from general 
engineering, and the remaining 17% from the other areas. Our order intake for  Q2 FY '26 stood 
at Rs. 619 crores. This includes 44% from aerospace and defense, means Rs. 272 crores, 23% 
from auto and auto components, Rs. 142 crores, 22% from general engineering, Rs. 136 crores, 
and 11% from the other sectors. The capacity utilization for Q2 FY '26 was 88%.  
Speaking of our current order book: 
It remains healthy and well-diversified at Rs. 4,546 crores, reflecting steady demand and 
continued customer confidence. The industries-wise breakup is as follows: 40% of aerospace 
and defense, 20% of general engineering, 17% of auto and auto components, 15% from the EMS, 
4% from the die and mould, and balance from the other sectors.  
Coming to the margin: 
EBITDA for Q2 FY '26 stood at Rs. 124.6 crores as a growth of 17% compared to the same 
period last year. EBITDA margin was 24.5%, which is broadly in line with our last year, 
primarily due to the increase in employee expenses and other expenses, but still it is in line with 
our near-to-guidance over there.  
Profit after tax for Q2 FY '26 stood at Rs. 85.5 crores compared to Rs. 75.9 crores in Q2 FY '25, 
reflecting a growth of 13%. We believe we are in a strong position to build on this momentum. 
The industry opportunity is large. Our order book is healthy, and our capacity expansion and 
talent development efforts are progressing well. 
With our vertically integrated manufacturing capacities, strong R&D focus, and expanding 
presence across high-growth sectors, we are confident of strengthening our leadership in the 
Indian market and growing our footprint globally. We remain committed to discipline execution, 
customer trust, and building a world-class machine in India for India and the world.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
We may now open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, firstly, on our capacities, you have mentioned that our overall utilization currently stands at 
about 88%.  
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
For this quarter. 
Harshit Patel: 
For this quarter, yes, sir. And our expansion from 6,000 machines to 16,000, that will become 
operational sometime in September '26. So, in this interim period of three to four quarters, how 
do we plan to grow meaningfully, given that we have such a huge order book? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Yes, so that is the only constraint today, Harshit, with us. And we are trying to, let's say, optimize 
all our processes and everything and trying to stretch. So, today, this quarter, we have reached 
88% of utilization, and the next two quarters, we will have something a little bit more than our 
capacity,and we will grow more the capacity over there. But until the full capacity will come 
into our utilization, we have to wait for the furthermore growth over there. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, secondly, our order intake momentum has continued in the second quarter as well. And for 
the first half of FY '26, we have received almost Rs. 425 crore worth of orders from aerospace 
and defense alone. So, could you explain where these orders have come from? And out of these 
Rs. 425 crore, what would be the India contribution, and what would be from Europe and other 
geographies? And sir, just a follow-up to that, given that we are about to complete our de-
bottlenecking exercise at Huron, and we have kind of doubled our production capacity over 
there, if you can give us the execution roadmap over there? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, Harshit, basically, out of these Rs. 425 crores, the first time we were discussing all the time 
to, , the India is coming in our kitty more and more of that,  So, in these two quarters, and 
particularly in the last quarter, we have received close to Rs. 180 crores worth of orders only 
from the Indian defense area there, all our ordinance factories and all, and rest others are, we 
have global customers from Europe, even from China, even from Turkey, and mainly from the 
Germany. But the larger component has come from the Indian domestic player over here. So, 
this is about the order book intake to your first question. 
 
Regarding the second question is the Huron facility has been started on now. It started our 
operational from September. And we will see the witnessing over there on a revenue conversion 
will come on the last quarter largely over there because the process time of assembly of the 
machine is close to four to six months. So, first batch of production is already on the floor, and 
we have started. So, it is going to be executed there. All this capacity will be utilized and 
everything. So,  we will see revenue kicking in from the last quarter of this year, it means the 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
next quarter and then following the next year completely, we will come into a full-fledged 
utilization over there. Hope this is  in line with your questions. 
Harshit Patel: 
Yes, sir. Thank you very much for answering my questions. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aniket Jain from YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Jain: 
Hope you are doing well. Actually, I wanted to check on there is a material increase in employee 
costs this quarter. So, I believe that it is mainly due to the expansion plan that you are currently 
undergoing. So, when do we plan to complete this hiring program that you are currently 
undergoing? That is question one. 
Aniket Jain: 
So, when we will be completing the hiring program? So, when will you stop hiring additional 
employees? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, Aniket,  we have started hiring last year. And gradually, every quarter, you see this, our 
manpower cost also is rising. Because already, based on the next year capacity, we are looking 
at the people in our factory one and one and a half years back, today, we have already hired the 
people. Still, we are hiring, but not much. Almost 80% to 90% people are already on the roll 
there now.  
Aniket Jain: 
And sir, the second question would be on the EMS revenue. So, I see that this time you have 
booked about Rs. 25 crores, Rs. 30 crores of revenues in EMS. So, have the deliveries resumed 
now? Or will these continue going forward? And what is the plan to and when will this order 
backlog be fully delivered? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, basically, in our last call also, I was discussing that it has been started slowly, and we are 
expecting to grow in the last quarter.  Third quarter also will be some of the things like that, but 
the larger we are expecting from the last quarter execution will be there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Anuj: 
Congratulations on the good set of the numbers, I just wanted to understand what are the kind 
of volume growth that we are seeing in Fiscal ‘26 and for the full year as well? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, generally, we don't, , talk on the numbers directly.  We don't give this kind of a guideline 
directly on that on a forward-looking. But let's say the growth momentums are going to be 
maintained. And usually, our tradition into the first half and second half more or less is a 40-60 
kind of a ratios are there. So, always the third and fourth quarter is going to be the highest 
executions we are looking in terms of numbers over there for our traditional industrial practices 
on this manufacturing of machine tools there. 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Anuj: 
And sir, on the plus side, our margins are one of the best in the industry. To what extent are we 
vertically integrated to have achieved these kind of margins? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, basically, we are fully vertically integrated in terms of our manufacturing side. It is on the 
cost side. Let's say we do our castings. We do all critical part machining. In a machine tool, the 
most critical assembly is generally the spindles, turrets, the rotary tables, pallet changer, tool 
changer, and many of this precision and sheet metal manufacturing and all like that.  
 
Generally, the industries, these kind of high-end assemblies and all people are importing from 
the Europeans and Japanese areas like that. There, in Jyoti, we are highly integrated. So, that's 
the adding, the value additions we are reaching over here much better from the industry standard.  
 
As well as our, let's say, the application point of view,  we do a lot of tooled-up machines, we 
do a lot of customer-centric machines and supporting to the customers. There, we are able to do 
value additions.  
 
And third is, let's say, the product mix.  So, we are having a very large product baskets and 
variety of products, the machine value, the minimum machine value in our product basket is Rs. 
10 lakhs. And the biggest machines I am supplying is to Rs. 20 crores. So, this kind of a product 
mix is allowing me to have a better margin compared to the industry standards there, what the 
people are having there. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Yash Patel from Kotak AMC. Please go ahead. 
Yash Patel: 
Sir, I wanted to ask you a question about the HUMA control panel that you are developing. So, 
what would be the margin impact after this panel has been developed? And are you going to use 
this panel in the extended capacity of 16,000 and all the 16,000 machines that you are going to 
develop? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Thank you, Yash. See, HUMA is our basically operating systems. We call it HMI. It is a front-
end for my customers there. So today, this HUMA is in top of what we bought a controller from 
Fanuc or Siemens. So, we have made this HMI common for all these two and make more user-
friendly to the customers.  
 
In the future, yes, we are going to develop our own controllers, drives, and motors. That is 
already we are in progress. We are under the PLI scheme. We are also going to be applying for 
that. With that, once all the hardware and software are completely integrated with the HUMA, 
and we are going to develop this, yes, we are going to utilizing this all from all our 16,000 
machines. And we are expecting gross margin to be increased close to a 4% to 5% over there. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kamlesh Bagmar from Lotus Asset Managers. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Sir, would you please give the breakup of machines sold in this quarter and along with the 
revenue? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
What? Kamlesh, bhai? 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Machines sold during the quarter with the breakup of revenue. 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
One moment, please. So, we have sold 1,315 machines in  Q2 at an average realization of Rs. 
38.2. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
And sir, breakup between, let's say, mid-high and entry-level along with the revenue? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, value-wise, Rs. 252 crore. Machine-wise, 1,237 machines. It is an entry-level product. Mid-
level is close to 69. And at 69, number of machines also close to 69. Average value is Rs. 1 
crore. A high value is 164 machines with the machine is 9, and average machine is Rs. 18.26 
crore. So, total is 1,315. This is the breakup. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
And secondly, on the employee cost, employee cost has risen by roughly around 43% year-over-
year, 19% quarter-over-quarter. But if I see the number of employees, they are, let's say, stable 
for the last three quarters at 3,500 count. So, why are we seeing such a sharp increase in the staff 
cost? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So basically, Kamlesh bhai, this year, we have compensated the salary increase of the people in 
the second quarter and it has been implemented from the first April and given all the arrears and 
everything. So, settle down like that. That is why the cost is you are seeing sharp rise in this 
quarter. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Where can we see it normalizing? And even on the other expenses side? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So basically, now, this is normal, the cost of the manpower now. And in terms of this quarter, 
you have seen a little bit more expenses. This is a jump due to the two to three parameters. One 
is in manufacturing activities has been increased significantly, so that the cost has been 
increased. And that will be compensated with the next sort of dispatches on the next two quarters. 
And marketing,  this is one of the biggest events we have participated in Germany, is the highest 
cost for us. So, because of that, the marketing cost has increased. These expenses are like that 
on this quarter. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
And sir, lastly, your 10,000 machine capacity expansion. So, how that would be phased out? It 
would be coming in September 2026. So, how the ramp-up would be? So, over the, let's say, 
after a quarter from September 2026, would it get, let's say, 10,000 machines? Would it get 
utilized at 20%-25%? So, how the ramp-up would be? 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, I have given you in the past also the answer similarly. This ramp-up will be, let's say, we are 
looking to be a growth continuation for the next three to four years. And we would like to 
maintain our trajectory between 30% to 35%. So, this will help us. We will maintain this, our 
growth trajectory for the next two to three years based on this expansion project. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
And sir, what is our target on the machines? Let's say in this first half, we have sold roughly 
around 2,430-odd machines. So for the year as a whole, where do we see, let's say, 95% 
utilization level for the rest of the year? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, definitely we will cross 90% numbers. We will cross 90% plus. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Akshay from AK Investment. Please go ahead. 
Akshay: 
First of all, congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is about Huron 
capacity. So, what was the Huron capacity before the expansion and what it is currently? And 
what kind of average realization that we have over there for one machine, for average machine? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, basically, the Huron in terms of the capacity, there was a €30 million to €32 million 
deliverables from the model mix over there. And now with this capacity expansion, we have 
reached out to close to €70 million to €75 million top line we are able to execute it over there 
based on the model mix there. 
Akshay: 
And based on this new expanded capacity, when can we reach to 80% to 90% utilization over 
there in next how many years? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, in Huron also, we are expecting to grow year-on-year close to 30% to 35% there. 
Akshay: 
So, at a consolidated level, we will grow by 30% to 35% for the next three to five years, right? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Correct. 
Akshay: 
And this year itself, we are expecting similar kind of growth in this financial year as well? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Correct. Absolutely.  
Moderator: 
. The next question comes from the line of Jayesh Shah from OHM Portfolio Equi Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Jayesh Shah: 
I just had this one question. You are talking of 30%-35% CAGR growth, but we see that your 
capacity constraint for this year and perhaps first half of next year, which is why in the first half, 
you have grown only by 15%. So, how much is the realistic growth expectation for this year and 
next year? Because 30%-35% looks difficult, right? 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, Jayesh, basically, always our first and second half is to be a little different.  And based on 
our capacity utilization and the model mix, we are still on the track as per the delivery and the 
target to be achieved on the second half and this year. Because  in this quarter, our Huron 
capacity comes in picture. So, we will see the last quarter that numbers also giving us a better 
add-on value to us on our revenues over there.  
Jayesh Shah: 
So, second half we will have much better product mix, if not capacity utilization. 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Correct. And based on the total utilization, we are still on track to reach out our target what we 
are anticipating on this year there, , the next year is more challengeable because now the 30%-
35% growth from here. But now our capacity is absolutely on track this time. And we are 
anticipating some of the things will start utilizing a little early there also.  
Jayesh Shah: 
I see. But once you install the expansion by September '26, how fast can you ramp up the 
additional capacity? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Basically, there are some assembly building, machine shop buildings, and everything is getting 
ready, basically starting from, let's say, January, February onwards. So, all the installations and 
everything is going to start from, a couple of months early before September there. So, there are 
many things that today is our bottleneck. It is going to resolve. So, we see the second quarter 
will be a good quarter for us to utilize some of the capacity over there. And then gradually, we 
will ramp up on the third and fourth quarter of the next year there basically. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aniket Jain from YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Jain: 
Sir, I wanted to check that the other financial assets have increased materially in this H1 from 
Rs. 538 crores to almost Rs. 673 crores. I believe a good portion of that is the unbilled revenues. 
So, what is driving this increase in unbilled revenues and why we are not able to bill these to 
customers and then show that as trade receivables? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, you see that this quarter, the numbers of 9 machines and 164, these are the very large 
machines. It is partially built up like that. And now we are enhancing the capacity over here as 
well as Huron there also now started there for the large machines there. So that you will see now 
we reached to a stabilization level and then regularly month-on-month sales will come on the 
pictures over there. So, pipes are being filled, and this is all our five-axis and large machines 
cycles. There the cycles are very long, more than one year like that.  
Aniket Jain: 
So, these machines are usually billed at any milestone levels, or are these three or four months 
level? At what interval? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Yes. Is in milestone level there.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Aniket Jain: 
It is at milestone level. So, second question would be on that you currently have an order backlog 
of about Rs. 4,500 crores, which I believe you should be able to deliver it between 18 to 24 
months or so. So, post the capacity expansion, is there a possibility that we will see accelerated 
deliveries post September or how is the delivery timeline structured out of this Rs. 4,500 crores 
of order backlog? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Basically, this Rs. 4,500 crore backlog, once my delivery will start furthermore, okay, we will 
be able to receive furthermore orders. Right now, we are tied up and we are not able to give the 
delivery for this kind of a special machine less than two years like that. Once that will be 
improved, we will see furthermore upside on that in order book side also. But that we are able 
to see from next year onward. Once my customers also have been confident about the delivery, 
we will be able to increase over there basically. 
Aniket Jain: 
And sir, probably if I can squeeze in one last question. So, when we are talking about the 
international markets, mainly the European markets, is it more skewed towards the aerospace 
side or towards the defence side? Because I believe maybe the growth dynamics are slightly 
different for both the end markets. So, how should we think about which end market are you 
delivering or serving more? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Basically, my customers are common. Let's say these customers, let's say General Electric, GE 
is manufacturing aerospace as well as for defence. So, we don’t know what is the exactly output 
is going from where there. But largely in Europe right now, all the French companies and 
everyone, those of our customers are mainly on the defence side there. 
Aniket Jain: 
Mainly defense there. Understood, sir. That was it from me. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Keshav Bharadia from Wallfort Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Sir, congrats on being able to generate a positive cash flow at the end of H1 compared to last 
year and Q4 of last year. Sir, just given the nature of the business and our working capital cycle, 
what gives us the confidence to be able to sustain cash flow momentum going forward, possibly 
by the end of the year and once our incremental capacity goes live next year? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Yes, Keshav, thank you very much. You pointed out a nice topic there. Now we entered based 
on our line on a cash flow and we are looking for the more better momentum from here to end 
of this year. We will see much better numbers in terms of operating cash flow in coming quarters 
there. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Sir, another question I had was in regards to the recent land that we acquired in Tumakuru in 
Karnataka. Is that for the next leg of growth or are we looking at something else over there in 
terms of once our entire 10,000 capacity goes live, are we looking for further increase in capacity 
over there or just? 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
This question I have answered last time to some another guy. I will give you the answer to you 
here. Basically, our southern customers, South India customers, are very high on this electronic 
manufacturing and all. We are going near to them to support in terms of a spare part, in terms of 
their application. So, we are going to have demo centers and warehouses and quick service 
supports to them basically. We are not looking to be any furthermore large capacity expansion 
over there, but rather we are going near to the customers to have some small assemblies and to 
have some fixturing, some solutions, and R&D activity near to my customers over there 
basically. 
Keshav Bharadia: 
Sir, I also saw in our investor presentation that we have plans to enter the semiconductor segment 
two years down the line. But could you throw some color as of today what our plans are for that 
segment and how we are looking at creating a presence over there? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Basically, we are in purely a capital, let's say, the machine manufacturer. Our focus area is to 
build the machines. Right now, our R&D team is focusing and working with the semiconductor 
manufacturing machine builders and all. We are making some of the equipment for them. We 
are designing and developing one or two products right now. It is a very high precision zone for 
all of us. This is the first time it is happening in India also. So, we are learning and we are 
expecting within two years it should be commercialized over there in terms of manufacturing 
processing of this semiconductor there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Depesh Kashyap from Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Depesh Kashyap: 
Sir, what is the total CapEx that you are looking at for this year? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
So, CapEx, what we have planned for a total Rs. 450 crores. And I think largely we will finish, 
let's say, 3-4% we will finish this year itself. 
Depesh Kashyap: 
Sorry, how much percent? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Let's say almost 75% to 80% we will reach this year itself. 
Depesh Kashyap: 
And pending will be next year? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Next year, first half. Yes. First quarter itself. 
Depesh Kashyap: 
And sir, the total capacity utilization that you have given in the first half is around 80% odd and 
you are targeting around 90% over the full year. So, that will come to around 100% utilization 
in the second half, right? Is that even possible? Just wanted to understand how much is the 
realistic capacity utilization that you can do in a quarter? 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Basically, this first half average will reach 81%. And definitely, in the second half, we will reach 
to almost 90% to 100% in between there. We may hit to, right now, we are looking to be on the 
last quarter, we will hit more than 100% there. 
Depesh Kashyap: 
So, 100% is possible, you are saying? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Yes. Let's say in the last quarter, everybody's pull and push are like that. So, we are able to 
execute those things. 
Depesh Kashyap: 
Sir, based on the order book that you have given the number, right, in crores you have given 
that, if I just roughly do the math, that is coming out to be 11,000-12,000 machines that you have 
to deliver. So, can you give a timeline of what is the execution timeline that you have to give? 
And with the new capacity coming in next year, how much can you deliver in next year if you 
can give just a broader understanding? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Next year, we have already committed to our customers to close to 10,000 machines. 
Depesh Kashyap: 
10,000 machines. 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Yes. That is our commitment.  
Depesh Kashyap: 
Do you think it is possible? When your new capacity is coming in September, do you think you 
can be able to do that? Because 10,000 is a very big steep jump from the current delivery that 
we will do this year, right? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
I think that is our commitment and we try to achieve that. But I think around in between 8,500-
. 9,000 is definitely we are going to show there. 
Depesh Kashyap: 
Sir, lastly, though, we are happy to see the positive operating cash flow, but still a very small 
number, right? What is your target for this number for the full year? What are the things that you 
are doing to improve this operating cash flow? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Depesh, it is just the beginning. 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
In last year, let's say it was minus Rs. 100 crores, 100 plus. So, this first half, we have crossed 
Rs. 50 crores. Incrementally, it will be more than this basically. 
Depesh Kashyap: 
Sir, last year the growth was also 35%-40%. This year first half, our growth is around 15% odd. 
So, that is what I am asking. Though the growth slowed down, generally, operating cash flow 
should ideally improve, right? But anyway, you are saying the second half we should see a 
meaningful improvement in the numbers that you are saying? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Correct. Meaningful improvement. 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nishant from Kotak AMC. Please go ahead. 
Nishant: 
Just a couple of quick questions, sir. One, alluding to my colleague's point on the HUMA 
controller, so what is the timeline you are looking at for kind of coming out with that controller? 
When can we expect that 4% to 5% incremental margins in your overall financials? That is my 
first question, please. 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
It is a little bit longer journey, but the prototype is the total we are looking to be in the next 12 
to 18 months. 
Nishant: 
Sir, currently, you were saying that you are vertically integrated. So, I just wanted to understand 
if a certain cost of a machine is fixed, how much of it is currently built in-house and how much 
of it is kind of imported? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Still, in our total purchase, we have close to 30% is imports. Particularly, there is still, let's say, 
the CNC controllers, drives, motors, specific bearing elements. Some of the people are, let's say, 
they have given from India, but that is all our import product. Very high precision bearings and 
all, the hydraulic components, the pneumatic component, and basically all the sensors are 
coming from Germany and Japan there. 
Nishant: 
So, 70% is in-house, 30% is imported. Correct? 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Yes. 
Nishant: 
That's it from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, this was the last question for today's conference call. I now 
hand the conference over to the management of Jyoti CNC Automation Limited for their closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Parakramsinh Jadeja: 
Thank you all for joining us today. I hope we addressed all your questions. We remain committed 
to keeping the investment community informed of the regular updates on any development in 
the company. For any further information or inquiries, please feel free to reach out to us or SGA, 
our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you very much to all of you, and have a wonderful day 
ahead to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
