 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
Registered Office: 7th Floor, Eleven West Panchshil, Survey No 25, Near PAN Card Club Road, Baner, Pune 411 069, Maharashtra, India 
T: +91 20 6828 1200   |  E: contact@sudarshan.com  |  www.sudarshan.com  |  CIN: L24119PN1951PLC008409 
20th November, 2025  
 
 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Scrip Code – 506655 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol - SUDARSCHEM 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub : Transcript of Analysts / Institutional Investors Conference Call 
 
We 
are 
enclosing 
herewith 
transcript 
of 
the 
conference 
call 
with                           
Analysts / Institutional Investors, which took place on Thursday, 13th November, 2025, 
after announcement of the Unaudited Financial Results (Stand-alone and Consolidated) for 
the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2025.  
 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully,  
For SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MANDAR VELANKAR 
GENERAL COUNSEL AND COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mandar 
Meenanath 
Velankar
Digitally signed by Mandar 
Meenanath Velankar 
Date: 2025.11.20 17:03:15 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH RATHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. NILKANTH NATU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. AMEY ATHALYE – GENERAL MANAGER – 
FINANCE – SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ROHIT NAGRAJ – B&K SECURITIES 

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited hosted by B&K Securities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks, Michelle. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. We thank Sudarshan Chemical 
Industries management for providing us the opportunity to host the company's 2Q FY '26                 
Post Results Conference Call. Today, we have with us the Sudarshan Chemicals' management 
represented by Mr. Rajesh Rathi, Managing Director; Mr. Nilkanth Natu, CFO; and                              
Mr. Amey Athalye, General Manager, Finance. 
 
Without taking further time, I shall hand over the call to the management to walk us through the 
company's performance, post which we can conduct the Q&A session. Thanks, and over to you, 
sir. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Thank you, B&K and Rohitji for hosting us. It's a real pleasure to speak with all of you and a 
pleasure to talk about the last quarter's performance. I hope you all can see screen. 
 
I just wanted to ensure that everyone has recap on the fantastic deal we did on March 03, 2025,                   
which gives us a real opportunity to become an Indian MNC. Heubach belongs to legacy of 
Clariant and Hecht, which was among the top two global players with more than 200 years of 
experience. Quite a few of the pigments were actually invented there. 
 
And with Sudarshan acquiring this business, it gives us a great opportunity for growth.                    
What we've acquired is 17 global manufacturing sites and a very broad portfolio and a great 
technical team. Together with Sudarshan's agility and entrepreneur spirit, we believe that we can 
create a true Indian MNC. 
 
In terms of the manufacturing sites, now today, we have 19 manufacturing sites across                            
11 countries, five continents. We serve almost every country and have more than 4,000 direct 
customers. We have a very broad product portfolio and we serve not only the traditional 
industries like coatings, plastics, printing inks, but have a great presence in digitals and special 
applications like we do supply colors for iPhone, Samsung and hence, gets us on a higher notch. 
 
To begin speaking on the quarter's and half yearly performance, basically, I want to begin with 
talking about some of the market reflections. As you can see, the Q2 quarter has been a little 
disappointing, disappointing from a perspective that while the fundamentals of the business 
remain very strong, there's a temporary dip in demand, which I'm going to explain a little more 
in details. 
 
 

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 3 of 11 
 
And so, one is we've seen low demand across most of the pigment end use And now our business 
is global and main economies like Europe, U.S., LatAm kind of affects our sales a lot too.                     
So, we've seen lower demand. This was mainly for coatings and plastics. This was driven also 
by very high interest rates, which kind of led to a lower household demand and lower demand 
on paints and automotive industry. 
 
Most of our global customers have degrown. But added to the problem of this degrowth was, as 
I had mentioned last time, during insolvencies, customers bought above normal stocks not only 
from Heubach, but products which were similar from competitors. 
 
And we never anticipated such high level of stocks with customers. And as we were discussing 
with the customers, that's how we've now come to know. and because of their poor demand, the 
rate of depletion has been much lower than what we had anticipated. 
 
And that's caused a concern for the Q2 performance. I'm going more deeper into the 
performance. Sudarshan's sales has been flat year on year. But if you look versus Q1, we did a 
13% growth. EBITDA has been flattish, and we'll talk a little more in details later.  
So, to explain this slide, legacy Sudarshan means Sudarshan's pigment business and RIECO put 
together, the acquired group business and then One Sudarshan includes the legacy and acquired 
group. 
This is pigment only slide. So legacy pigment business was flat. And this was mainly affected 
due to the coatings market in India, and we will explain a little more what's happened in the 
coatings market. 
 
The plastics market has done well. And we also saw marginal impacts in some of the markets 
where we were changing our distributors, etc, due to the new go-to-market strategy. But the drop 
in EBITDA has been even higher. Again, none of the fundamentals of the business have 
changed. This is a temporary phenomenon. 
 
We had to lower our production given the high inventory during Q2 quarter. This led to a low 
operating leverage and this has caused the EBITDA drop. Again, as I mentioned, this is a 
temporary phenomenon. Going forward, we should come back to our 14%, 15% levels moving 
forward on our EBITDA margin. 
 
On the acquired group, as I mentioned, there were two issues. The demand of the customers has 
been soft. And customers had a large stock on Heubach products, which resulted even in a lower 
demand for us. and lower EBITDA margin due to the sales and volume drop. The EBITDA 
margin would have been even more severe, but given some of our initiatives on value capture, 
we were able to bring this back into a positive. 
 
H1 performance. So, Mr. Natu, you want to take it. 
 

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes. So, this is One Sudarshan H1 performance and the Legacy Sudarshan we've improved 
Sudarshan pigment business and the RIECO business. The sales for the first half is flattish at 
INR1,340 crores H1 to INR1,330 crore, and EBITDA is also in the range of INR178 crore.                
For the Acquired Group the first half the turnover of INR3,565 crore with INR103 crore of 
EBITDA and which is at the 3% of the EBITDA margin. We've seen the Legacy Sudarshan 
pigment sales marginally lower which is mainly the softness in the Europe and                                 
North LatAm region. 
 
And Acquired Group run rate for the first half is around INR590 crore. This is the H1 for pigment 
only, so further deep diving into the pigment performance business for the first half. The Legacy 
Sudarshan pigment business we see a flattish slight degrowth of 1.6% in the revenue. The sales 
is at INR1,229 crore. EBITDA is at INR172 crore with 14% EBITDA margin for the first half. 
 
On the financial ratios. While the key ratio EBITDA net debt to equity and net debt lever are at 
the same level what we had reported earlier in Q1 also. So, from the financial balance sheet side, 
the financials are robust. On the net working capital we're in 26% and as we guided earlier we've 
to reduce the working capital and this will be the gradual process as we've stocked up some 
inventory for the customers overseas. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
On the projections we've revise our guidelines. This year the expected that the acquired group 
to a about 35 million. Given the circumstances which I explained to you, we also expect Q3 to 
be subdued. And hence, we had to revise -- we expect customers to really start buying from Q4 
onwards, and that's where I think we had to revise our projections to 25 million to 30 million. 
But our 3- to 4-year guideline still remains the same. 
 
As I mentioned, this is a temporary phenomenon due to the demand adjustment, and that's the 
reason why we have to only adjust for this year. Our long-term 3- to 4-years guidance remains 
the same. I'm also glad to inform you that our integration is going very well. So, if you look at 
the fundamentals of the business, other than the temporary demand issue, I think all the other 
fundamentals are well in place and going very well, So, with this, I'd like to give you a little bit 
of an integration update on how we are doing. 
 
We've been able to stabilize some of our operations and product availability. We have been able 
to generate good leads. And as soon as demand comes back, we will be able to get these sales 
back from our perspective. 
 
Our value capture process is well going -- progressing very well. And we've already launched a 
project to integrate our IT and entire data. We've defined and setting up a new GCC structure, 
and we finalized the full structure So, from that perspective, the integration is well on track. 
 
It's almost six to seven months that we've completed the acquisition. And I think when we reflect 
on were there any positive surprises or any negative ones? I think the first positive is all assets 
and all inventories are in very good condition We have reaffirmation of a great connect and 
depth with higher-value customer applications and we've been able to build that trust with 
customers. 

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 5 of 11 
 
 
Core functions like operations, technical are in good shape. And we were able to confirm 
whatever value opportunities we saw during our diagnostic. A few negatives. I think the costs 
are quite high. Fixed costs are quite high and especially on the manufacturing side, even when 
the volume drops, the fixed cost of manufacturing is high and you are not able to see that much 
drop adjustment in the manufacturing cost. 
And we never anticipated the customers to have such high level of inventories, especially in 
global key accounts, we've seen -- that's where our Q2 sales were mainly affected, but it's a 
temporary phenomenon. Our value capture goes across five major themes. 
 
One is operations and supply chain. And there are great opportunities for us to optimize across 
products across our legacies. And there are product synergies, which today we see we have two 
units in Roha, and we've already seen some successes in that and getting some value capture 
opportunities. 
 
Optimizing the supplier landscape and leveraging on the scale to negotiate better contracts has 
been our endeavour. We've done a lot of clean sheet-based negotiations, on volume rebates, and 
that's given us good this. 
 
IT, I think the infrastructure contracts have been renegotiated. Some of the apps which were high 
cost have been rationalized. On the org and SG&A is an ongoing process. We've been able to 
remove some duplicate roles, but we still see there is still some potential going on, on this. 
 
In terms of the technical and product management, we are looking at several opportunities to in-
source a lot of pigments, compare recipes, footprint optimization. We've already seen a grand 
success with some of the recipe harmonization of other core products. 
 
Thank you. Thank you very much. As we go forward, I think we'll continue to build trust and 
commitment to grow with us I think there is a high interest and a very serious relationship 
building. And once the destocking or once the stocks of our customers are over on these, we will 
see a good upside. A strong value capture coming, we will keep accelerating this big potential 
in the future to free up some of the working capital. 
 
We are going a little slow on that, but we will see as we progress in this year, we will see better 
results. And systems and data integration is kind of to solidify the One Sudarshan. These are 
some of our major priorities as we are going forward. 
 
To kind of talk about, as I said, our 3 to 4-year guidance remains the same. This year's guidance 
is adjusted to between euro 25 million to 30 million with a caveat that Q3 will still remain 
subdued. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Sir, shall we start with the Q&A? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes, please. 

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Your first 
question is from Sanjesh Jain. Please accept the prompt on your screen. Turn on your webcam, 
unmute yourself and proceed with the question. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
I got a couple of questions. First, looking at your guidance on the acquired company, we are 
talking of 25 million to 30 million. In first half, we did 10 million. And if I assume Q3 generally 
is seasonally weak for the acquired company considering the festive season and the winter, that 
means we are looking at what upwards of 10 million to be done in the fourth quarter. What is 
giving this guidance? That's number one. 
 
And this is a generally seasonally weak quarter because this is a post festive season, I think 
coating will have a relatively lower demand. What is giving us the confidence that Q4 financial 
year, which is January to March will be a stronger quarter, and we are expecting to do almost 
what, 10 million plus kind of EBITDA in the Acquired company? That's my first question. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Thank you, Mr. Jain. So, first of all, I think Q4 is our strongest quarter, whether it was legacy 
Sudarshan or for Heubach. and Q3 is a weak quarter, as you rightly mentioned, -- especially 
given the Christmas season, most of the Western economics, half the month is closed and also 
November is slightly affected because of Thanksgiving, so, in general, Q3 always remains 
subdued and Q4 is always the best quarter ever. That's one. 
 
The second is, as I mentioned, the customers expect to deplete their stocks because of the low 
run rate by December end. And from January, we are seeing a strong message from the market 
that they would require -- they will start buying and we'll see the demand come up. So that's the 
confidence which we have going forward. And we expect the Q4 quarter to be even stronger 
than what we mentioned, in terms of guidance. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. One follow-up there. What kind of inventory is there in the customer system? Any color 
on that, whether that's a significantly larger inventory? That's number one. 
 
And number two, any color on the order book that we are getting for the Q4 in terms of lead 
indicator that gives us that Q4 will be a much stronger quarter? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Sure.  
 
So, what we've seen in the current phenomena that the global key accounts have done a major 
stock up given their insecurity on and they were very dependent on Heubach. So, these customers 
and rest of the customers have done better and the impact we are seeing is due to the global key 
accounts. 
 
We've had deep engagement with these accounts, and they have assured us that the demand will 
start coming back from January. We have already seen some of these customers place orders for 
January onwards months, and that gives us the confidence that this will come up. 
 

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
That's very clear. One last question on the domestic business. Just looking at the stand-alone 
number, the gross profit margin appears to be rather quite weak, dropped from 47% to 43% in a 
scenario where I think chemical commodity prices appears to be quite benign. What explains 
such a sharp drop in the margin? This is the material margin. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
This is -- it includes -- the gross margin includes the manufacturing margin, and that's where we 
described that we lowered our production so that the inventories we are able to lower, and this 
led to a lower operating leverage... 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So basically, what we are telling is that we have deinventorized our balance sheet that we have 
sold from the inventory. So, a lot of operating costs will now get captured above the gross profit 
level rather than below the gross profit level. So, can you tell us how much inventory have we 
reduced in the stand-alone business in this quarter versus last quarter? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Sorry. Yes, can I? Is it okay to you. Yes, about INR100 crores. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, sorry, that I can get from the change in the inventory from the P&L. That's -- apologies for 
question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rajesh Kothari. Please accept the prompt, introduce yourself, and 
proceed with your question, sir. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Thanks for this opportunity. Just two questions from my side. Sir, you mentioned that in 
disappointment perspective, the negative surprise perspective, you said that the fixed costs are 
expected -- there was a negative surprise on fixed cost are expected -- I mean, much higher than 
what you thought. So can you give a little bit more color in terms of probably it also means a 
more scope for cost reduction compared to what earlier you would have thought for? So that's 
first question. 
 
And the second question is you said on the working capital efficiency, you will continue to 
further -- there were some -- you found it to be a little bit higher than what you thought it should 
be. So how do you see the working capital efficiency to drive over the next 12 to 18 months? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So I think absolutely, sir. The first -- I think we see a good potential of cost reduction. However, 
some of the fixed cost to reduce takes time due to regulatory frameworks. But I think there is no 
doubt that there is a big potential to reduce and value capture has been a major theme for us kind 
of looking at that. and some of the initiatives like setting up the GCC, setting up ONE SAP will 
also give leverage going forward beyond our regular operations purchase cost reduction. 
 
That's the first question, and we are looking forward to that. In terms of working capital, as I 
mentioned earlier, we wanted to gain trust of our customers and are because of four different 
systems, different planning systems, some of our processes were not in line, plus we did not 
anticipate this much of high stock with the customers that demand will come down. So we 
planned for a little bit of a higher demand, and that's where our working capital has been high. 
But going forward, we are already taking steps to start reducing this working capital, and we see 
a good potential even there. 

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Rajesh Kothari: 
So, therefore, as you go forward, what kind of working capital days do you think one should 
assume for FY '27, particularly for this global business? And in terms of the cost savings, do 
you think some cost savings probably you can achieve a little bit more compared to what you -- 
that's what my question is. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, I think, sir, for next year, you should -- our aim is to get to about 24% of working capital to 
sales. And going forward, of course, we are not happy with this number. Going forward, we 
would look at how to optimize further. But I think this is the visibility we see for next year. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Where it is currently? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I think at around 26.2%. 
Rajesh Kothari: 
Okay. Because when you acquired, you also had a good amount of debtors and there was 
expectation that even from there, you can drive more efficiency in terms of overall the valuation 
what we paid. So, whether the debtors are getting realized? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes, Mr. Natu do you want to respond? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes, as Mr. Rajesh mentioned, currently, we are at 26.2% of the net working capital, and we 
expect by FY '27, we should reduce it to 24%. Answering your question on the debtors 
realization, the debtors which we acquired in this insolvent group, those realizations had taken 
place in the first two quarters and we don't see any – and that is all. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Gagan Dixit. Please introduce yourself and proceed with your 
question. Mr. Dixit, please accept the prompt. 
Gagan Dixit: 
Yes. Sir, given your addition of the top three global pigment players that over the time you want 
to become -- you want to compete with, I think, BASF, Clariant. So, when I see, over the time, 
so what -- after the Heubach acquisition, so what will -- we see that you have some sustainable 
advantage we see. I mean, if you can give some color on the cost advantage or this product mix 
or the customer reach, that would be helpful, sir, just from the point of view over the next three 
years, sir. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, I couldn't follow your question, but basically, we have acquired Clariant and                           
Heubach together. So, there are only two global players now. The other global player is the DIC 
group, which includes BASF and Sun Chemical and we are Sudarshan, Heubach, and                  
Clariant together. 
 
I think we're very strong in coatings and digital inks, like legacy Sudarshan was strong in 
plastics, and that's where we are growing. But with the acquisition of Clariant or/Heubach, what 
we have also great access to special applications like phones, agro market, stationery, etc. So 
that's how we are playing a great. Also our product portfolio has expanded tremendously. 
 
 

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Gagan Dixit: 
Okay. My second question is that, sir, there is a few months back, the news came that in the 
media that you have done some continued the legacy deal with the Brenntag that group of the 
distributor of Australia, if I'm correct. So, can you give -- quantify that what are the benefits you 
see from this entry into the Australia market? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, Australia, we were always present. This was a minor and not a very large market for us, and 
I think it's a small go-to-market change. There are distribution channels we are changing 
globally, due to the new situation in the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Jatin Sangwan. Please accept the prompt on your screen. Turn on your 
webcam, unmute yourself and proceed with your question. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
So, my first question is just a follow-up on the revenue part. So, when you mentioned that Q3 
will be subdued, so is it right to assume Q3 will be lower than Q2 at level or we will see some 
kind of improvement Q-o-Q going forward as some of the inventory will start easing out? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Jatin ji, it's a complex question to answer because there are two phenomenon’s.                                 
Like I mentioned, December is a very -- you have half the December month only. But at the 
same time, certain businesses are coming back. So, as a mix impact, it's also new to us,                
because we never saw half the month of December not being there and major geographies now 
December, they don't operate. So, it's very difficult to kind of come at that, but I think we should 
be in the close range probably of Q2 numbers. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
Got it. And my second question is on you mentioned that there are fixed costs at Heubach level. 
Our backup and calculation suggest that the fixed costs could be as high as 36%, 37%. So, linked 
to that, is it right number to look at it? 
 
And linked to it, another question is we have seen some reduction in employee expenses and 
other expenses at Heubach level. So, is it right to assume when the revenue will increase in, let's 
say, in Q4, the employee expenses and other expenses will still look at reduced level, and that's 
why we'll see higher EBITDA margins in Q4? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Absolutely, sir. The operating leverage with the higher demand would definitely be in Q4.               
But there is a systematic effort also on our part to reduce fixed cost. So, you will see both. 
Hopefully, you should see both the impacts. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
And sir, is this 37% number is directionally in line or are we missing out on something? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Sir, I cannot answer this question online. Maybe our team will revert to you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Dhavan Shah. Please accept the prompt on your screen, unmute 
yourself and proceed with your question. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Yes. So, my question is on the stand-alone legacy business. In the last con call, I think you 
mentioned that the Q2 would also be soft like Q1 in terms of the pigment. But if I look at the Q2 
number for pigment, we have already witnessed 12% quarter-on-quarter growth. So can you 
please explain what led to such growth in Q2? 

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 10 of 11 
 
 
And how do you see the second half for the legacy pigment in the domestic market as well as 
the export business? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes, absolutely, we did 12% to 13% growth, but our anticipation was even better numbers on 
quarter 2 -- on last year quarter. That's where I had said that compared to last year quarter, it's a 
little subdued. I think the growth phenomenally came from the plastics area. In India, the plastics 
area, we saw good growth. The coatings growth was subdued. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And going forward for the next second half, how do you see the picture overall in 
terms of the domestic as well as the export business? And given that you already did the capex, 
I think three, four years back, roughly INR700-odd crores, how is the utilization right now?            
And what is the progress over there, if you can share thoughts. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Sure. I think given the second half, I said we expect a very good strong domestic performance. 
Export Q3 should be subdued. Q4 onwards, we should see a good pickup there. Our capacity 
utilization on the capex are going as per plan. In fact, given the new situation, some of our capex 
performance would even get accelerated. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Okay. But last quarter, you mentioned that the growth would be around 8%, 10% for the legacy 
pigment. So that will -- that guidance maintains? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, all in all, I think given the performance so far has been subdued, Q2 is subdued. Q4,                        
we should come back.  
Dhavan Shah: 
Understood. And sir, if I look at the published numbers and if I compare it with the investor 
presentation numbers for the pigment or maybe the console legacy Sudarshan, there is some 
discrepancy. So if you can help us to understand because that number is not matching with the 
as reported number, even though if we add up the RIECO numbers also? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Just one second. I think this Natuji and Amey, will you answer that or you will get in touch with. 
So, sir, Dhavan, I will get in touch with you because the numbers which we have reported are 
for revenue from operations. But if there is anything, post this call I will connect you. Unless 
you have any specific questions, we could answer otherwise, they will get in touch with you 
separately. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Rohit Nagraj. Please proceed with the question, sir. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So, first question in terms of the 17 manufacturing sites outside of India. So, what is the plan in 
terms of getting some of those products from those high-cost destinations to India? And have 
we started the process? And will that also be one of the levers to reach the $90 million to                    
$100 million of EBITDA by, say, FY '28, '29? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, out of the 17 manufacturing sites, five are already in India itself The rest of the products, 
some products from Germany, there was already a move to move some of the product lines into 
India. Those -- that project will get completed in some time, and that will give us a good benefit. 

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
November 13, 2025 
Page 11 of 11 
 
 
Other than that, we don't see too much of movement. In fact, given the tariff situation, we are 
moving some of the products actually to Europe and to Mexico 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Sir, second question in terms of the R&D or product development. So, we have said in the 
opening remarks that we've been working with the likes of even Apple, Samsung. So how has 
been the inquiry flow from our customers? And how do we see that those inquiries getting to 
fruition and finally turning into revenues? 
 
So just a broader understanding on the technology side, the R&D setup and how we are 
integrating both the Heubach's technology with the Sudarshan's R&D capabilities. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Rohit ji, great question. I think, Rohit ji, in the last two years, this whole process of innovation 
was quite broken. There was not much technical emphasis. We have created this technical teams 
and reactivated the technical teams. 
 
I think the first step was to set up a confidence and a trust with customers, which we've achieved 
in Q1 to even regain some of our lost businesses and then get into some of the innovation 
partnerships and are already kind of looking at several ideas on working on innovation with our 
customers and are looking at that perspective. 
 
This, obviously, looking at these projects, the whole lead time to get this done, etc, is more than 
a year, etc. But I think that engagement and the customers then don't find you that transaction, 
It's a more meaningful relationship as you kind of build going forward. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Thank you, everyone, for your interest in Sudarshan. As we close the investor call, I would like 
say that our 3- to 4-year projections remain the same. There is a temporary setback, I would say, 
due to external situations on the demand and where our customers have a lot of stocks. This 
situation will improve. So, we would require your patience and looking forward to working with 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of B&K Securities, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may exit the meeting. Thank you. 
***** 
