     
 
                           
 
Bharti Airtel Limited  
(a Bharti Enterprise) 
Regd. Office: Airtel Center, Plot No. 16, Udyog Vihar, Phase-IV, Gurugram - 122015, India 
Corporate Office: Bharti Crescent, 1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, Phase II, New Delhi - 110070, India 
T.: +91-124-4222222, F.: +91-124-4248063, Email: compliance.officer@bharti.in, Website: www.airtel.in  
CIN: L74899HR1995PLC095967 
 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400051, India 
Symbol: BHARTIARTL/ AIRTELPP 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 532454/ 890157 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call dated November 04, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on November 04, 2025 in respect of the audited financial results of 
the Company for the second quarter (Q2) ended on September 30, 2025. 
 
The transcript of the call is also uploaded on the Company’s website i.e. 
https://www.airtel.in/about-bharti/equity/results 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Sincerely yours, 
 
For Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
 
 
Rohit Krishan Puri 
Joint Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
Rohit 
Krishan Puri
Digitally signed by 
Rohit Krishan Puri 
Date: 2025.11.11 
16:34:12 +05'30'

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 1 - 
Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Event: Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 
ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Event Date/Time: November 4, 2025/ 0100hrs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 2 - 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
 
Mr. Gopal Vittal 
Vice Chairman & Managing Director, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Mr. Shashwat Sharma 
Chief Executive Officer Designate - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Mr. Soumen Ray 
Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Mr. Harjeet Kohli 
Joint Managing Director – Bharti Enterprises 
 
Mr. Naval Seth 
Head of Investor Relations – Bharti Airtel Limited & Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Mr. Akhil Garg 
Financial Controller – Bharti Airtel Limited & Chief Financial Officer, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Vaidehi Sharma, the moderator for this webinar. Welcome to the Bharti Airtel Limited 
and Bharti Hexacom Limited Second Quarter ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar. Present with us today, is the senior 
leadership team of Bharti Airtel and Bharti Hexacom Limited. I must remind you that the overview and discussions today may 
include certain forward looking statements that must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that we face. Post the management 
opening remarks, we will open up for an interactive Q&A session. Interested participants may click on raise hand option on your 
Zoom application to join the Q&A queue. The participants may click this option during the opening remarks itself to ensure that they 
find a place in the queue. Upon announcement of name, participant to kindly click on unmute myself in the pop-up screen and start 
asking the question post introduction. With this, I would now like to hand over to Mr. Gopal Vittal for his opening remarks. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Thank you, Vaidehi. Good afternoon and very warm welcome to all of you. With me on this call, I have Shashwat, Soumen, Harjeet, 
Naval, and Akhil Garg. On today’s call, we will focus on our Q2 performance along with an update on our key priorities. 
 
Let me start with an update on the AGR issue. We have always maintained that the AGR judgment of 2019 was a body blow to the 
industry. The fact that even errors of calculation were not entertained was even more disappointing. We welcome the fact that the 
recent order of the Supreme Court permits the government to undertake a comprehensive assessment, reassessment, and 
reconciliation of the AGR dues, including interest and penalties, up to financial year 2016-2017. The order has been made in the 
petition of Vodafone Idea. We are now planning to take up our matter with the government. 
 
Let me now turn to ESG. We are making significant progress on our ESG agenda by leveraging technology and digital innovation 
across our operations to drive sustainability, enhance efficiency, and deliver long-term impact. During the quarter, we solarized over 
2900 sites, taking our total solar site count to over 35,000. Our AI-enabled RAN engine is optimizing energy usage by accurately 
predicting traffic patterns and dynamically determining ideal time windows for cell sleep. This adaptive approach enables greater 
energy savings compared to traditional fixed scheduling methods. At Nxtra, we aim to achieve 15% improvement in equipment 
performance, a 25% boost in the operational productivity, and a 10% reduction in non-IT energy consumption, all with the help of AI. 
One of the key areas I want to call out today is the employment we offer. We directly employ over 20,000 people, which is what we 
report. In addition, we employ associates who work for us. This is another, about, 80,000. Over and above this, we offer 
employment indirectly of another 6,70,000 people. That means we provide 7,60,000 jobs, making us one of the largest employment 
generators in India. 
 
Let me turn to our financial performance. We delivered another quarter of consistent performance. Consolidated revenues came in 
at about 52,000 Crores with an annualized run rate of over Rs.200,000 Crores. India revenues, excluding Indus, came in at 
Rs.34,900 Crores and the EBITDAaL margin excluding the passive infra side came in at 51.5%. The operating free cash flow, which 
is the EBITDAaL less capex, was strong, at about Rs.10,750 Crores. Capex for the quarter was about Rs.7200 Crores.  
 
Our balance sheet strength is predicated on disciplined capex and continued operational excellence. India net debt to EBITDAaL 
now stands at 1.32. 
 
Our strategy to premiumize the portfolio and drive execution rigor is delivering consistent performance. The mobile segment 
delivered another quarter of industry-leading revenue growth. Broadband is seeing sustained growth momentum, and our IPTV offer 
is gaining strong traction, driving our convergence agenda. Our network expansion continues as planned, with about 2480 network 
sites and over 10,000 km of fiber rollout during the quarter. Over the last few years, we have stepped up our fiber deployment. Our 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 3 - 
domestic fiber network now spans over 500,000 kilometers and is growing at a fast pace. We continue to expand fiber home passes 
for our broadband segment, along with FWA rollout to over 3000 cities. 
 
Let me share a quick update on each of our segments. In the mobile business, we added 1.4 million revenue earning customers to 
our customer base and 5.1 million Smartphone data users. Postpaid net adds were about 1 million accounting for 68% of total net 
adds. ARPU, at 256, had the benefit of one extra day in the quarter and continued mixed improvement. Our simplified international 
roaming plans and significant convenience to customers are yielding strong outcomes. As a result, in the last two years, we have 
seen over a 30% increase in international out-roamers on our network.  
 
I do want to underscore that featurephone to Smartphone upgrades, prepaid to postpaid upgrades, data monetization, and 
international roaming remain key drivers of our ARPU growth in the absence of any tariff repair. Our 5G expansion is going as 
planned. We ended the quarter with 167 million 5G users. 5G shipments continue to grow, while we believe that more affordable 
handset options at the entry level of the market will continue to accelerate our adoption. Our share in 5G shipments is seeing 
sustained improvement. 5G sites now handle over 40% of the total network traffic. 
 
In the broadband business, we delivered another solid quarter with net adds of 951,000. We are seeing strong traction in FWA, with 
the customer base crossing 2.3 million. We see growth momentum as we accelerate our FTTH home pass deployment, along with 
FWA expansion to newer pin codes.  
 
In the digital TV business, we lost 340,000 customers during the quarter. The industry saw the impact of pronounced seasonality, 
which is reflected in our performance as well. I had mentioned earlier that we had made structural changes on the set-top box 
subsidy at the start of the year. This is already showing improved cashflows despite CPE investments for IPTV expansion. At the 
same time, IPTV customer additions are tracking well, and we are amplifying our efforts to accelerate adoption. 
 
On Airtel Business, we reported revenues of about Rs.5,275 Crores, growing 4.3% sequentially. The domestic business remains 
steady. Global business is seeing signs of improvement with growth in order book as well as improved funnel. During the quarter, 
we signed multiple connectivity deals with marquee global customers. On adjacencies, we have secured deals in our Cybersecurity 
and IoT business. We have recently secured a multi-year contract from the Indian Railways Security Operations Center to deliver a 
comprehensive suite of security services. 
 
On digital businesses, we are scaling our digital portfolio across high-growth verticals, including Cloud, Cybersecurity, Financial 
Services, IoT, and CPaaS. Airtel Finance continues to deliver solid momentum with continued growth in loan disbursement and EMI 
card issuances. Digital revenues delivered a strong growth of about 24% over the last year.  
 
On the payments bank, our monthly transacting users crossed 100 million and now stands at over 104 million. The annualized run 
rate is over Rs.3,200 Crores, growing at 19% year-on-year. Deposits remain strong at about Rs.4,000 Crores, growing 35% year-
on-year. 
 
A quick update on Africa. We delivered another quarter of solid performance with constant currency revenue growth of 7.1% 
sequentially. Favorable currency movement has led to a reported revenue growth of 10.7% sequentially. EBITDAaL was over 
Rs.5,300 Crores with a margin of 38.8%. Balance sheet remains solid with a net debt to EBITDAaL of 0.7. 
 
Let me now briefly comment on each of our areas of focus. We continue to build a diversified and resilient portfolio. The underlying 
performance across the portfolio has been strong. Africa accounts for 26% of revenues, India mobile at 54%, and India non-mobile 
at 13%, while Indus is at 7%. Our investments are directed towards future-proofing Airtel by building digitally powered networks, 
reshaping our portfolio to drive growth across segments, and building scalable digital services that accelerate the long-term growth 
trajectory. Second area of focus is winning quality customers. 
 
Let me start with broadband. We are seeing strong structural tailwinds in the home broadband segment, driven by rising smart TV 
adoption and evolving content consumption habits. As I mentioned, we see the industry growing to about 100 million over the 
medium term, from currently over 50 million connected homes. We are investing at an accelerated pace to capitalize on this 
opportunity. The three areas of focus- deeper network coverage and market expansion. Here, we have stepped up our home pass, 
to reach 2.5 million homes per quarter run rate. In addition, we are complementing fiber with FWA, where we do not have fiber just 
yet. 
 
Second area of focus is to deliver enhanced value to our customers and drive convergence. Our convergence agenda is gaining 
traction with IPTV adoption, and we see this accelerating in the coming quarters. The third area of focus is to cross-sell across our 
channels and sweat our assets optimally. With our channel infrastructure now fully integrated, we are leveraging data analytics and 
digital tools to accelerate acquisitions. 
 
A quick word on mobile. Our focus is to upgrade 90 million credit-scored potential customers to our postpaid services. Use of data 
analytics and next best action from our data engine is driving data monetization and mix improvement. We continue to simplify our 
roaming plans and enhance value to our customers. Our rural expansion, our efforts are directed towards sweating our network 
deployments done over the last three years to drive competitive growth. 
 
Let me now move to B2B. We are seeing large opportunities across connectivity, data centers, digital, and adjacencies. Two things 
to call out. First, we are building gold-standard high-capacity and low-latency fiber network, submarine cables, as well as OPGW 
infrastructure. This is a major area of focus, and it will help in accelerating our core connectivity segment within our B2B business.  
 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 4 - 
Second is the data center infrastructure, which is another area of focus. You have already heard of our large-scale investments 
planned on the AI data hub with Google. This goes to show our strong belief in the long-term growth opportunity for Nxtra. Airtel and 
Google will jointly establish the purpose-built data center in Vishakhapatnam. The partnership with Google, coupled with the ongoing 
expansion in Nxtra, gives us a clear visibility to get to over 1 gigawatt in the next few years. This is a four-fold increase from our 
operating capacity currently. 
 
Finally, we continue to scale our digital portfolio of IoT, Cloud, security, and SD-WAN. Our Airtel Cloud is getting encouraging 
response from our customers. We have over 70 ongoing conversations with large customers and already signed on deals across 
BFSI as well as manufacturing. We believe this can be a big growth driver for the Company. There are three areas of focus here. 
One is to build out a suite of features that make us competitive with the best public cloud players. Second, to build out a world-class 
delivery and assurance model from Pune. Third is to raise the account management and product sales capability within the 
Company. In addition, we have embellished cloud through partnership with various players, including IBM, to address the unique 
needs of several industries that require migration from IBM power systems. 
 
The third pillar of our strategy is the obsession to deliver brilliant customer experience. Delivering this remains at the heart of 
everything we do. Our digital experience layer is underpinned by a converged data engine. This is a full-stack software-as-a-service-
based platform that powers all our capabilities. This engine is the secret behind our consistent performance. We have already 
extended this to Airtel Africa, and it is already live there, and are in talks with over 40 customers globally. In addition, we have 
converted this engine into a PaaS service, which is platform-as-a-service, on Airtel Cloud, to differentiate our cloud platform and this 
is also getting traction from some of our domestic customers as we have conversations on the cloud. 
 
Our obsession to deliver the best experience remains, and we are glad that this was validated yet again by Opensignal. Airtel won 
all the five of the five awards in FWA and four of the five awards in FTTH. We are now in the process of transitioning our 5G 
networks towards 5G advanced by introducing dual NSA plus SA mode and migrating our FWA users on the same. Today, our FWA 
customers across 13 circles are already experiencing our dual-mode 5G network with SA. For the mobile network, pilots are 
underway for the 5G dual mode in a couple of circles, and we plan to make it commercial in the coming months as the traffic on our 
5G network grows. This is a point that I had made to you a few years ago, and we are well aligned with making this happen. 
 
The fourth pillar of our strategy is to build and leverage our digital capabilities. Our AI-powered anti-spam solution continues to 
deliver significant relief to our customers. We have identified over 57 billion spam calls and 4.2 lakh fraudulent links. All of this has 
been enabled by AI. In fact, the power of our solution has been endorsed by the Home Ministry. The Indian Cybercrime 
Coordination Center, where the Ministry of Home Affairs has now confirmed that there has been a staggering 69% decrease in the 
value of financial losses on the Airtel network.  
 
What we are now doing is putting AI at the very heart of our business, and using it to strengthen our digital platforms, which are 
running at scale. We are in the process of testing these capabilities to help add competitiveness to our business. Our business 
objective for this is one of three. Drive share of wallet by improving persuasion using a very, very specific customer context. Second, 
lower cost of doing business by improving productivity and third, to differentiate Airtel by solving real customer problems. All of the 
new initiatives we have driven, whether it is cloud, it is digital platforms, Airtel Finance, or anti-spam, meet this differentiation 
objective. One other comment to make is on the democratization of AI. For us, this has also been a mission. The remarkable 
partnership we struck with Perplexity to democratize AI to all Airtel customers is just one example here. 
 
The fifth and last pillar of our strategy is war on waste. We continue to identify areas to drive efficiencies in our cost structure 
powered by extensive use of technology. For example, we have deployed AI/ML-powered RAN energy-saving tool that has 
enhanced our energy efficiency by optimizing the RAN operational cost. We believe there is still opportunity to strip out waste from 
our operations through a combination of using digital tools, extreme de-averaging, and very tightly run operations. 
 
To sum up, overall, we delivered yet another quarter of steady performance, reinforcing the strength of our diversified portfolio, as 
well as disciplined execution. We are seeing strong growth opportunities in postpaid, in broadband, in convergence, and B2B. We 
are investing across our businesses to future-proof Airtel and capitalize on the growth opportunities. All of this is done by keeping 
digital at the heart of everything we do. Our solid balance sheet is a function of our disciplined capital allocation, continued de-
leveraging, and sustained operational excellence. This provides us with a capacity to invest in emerging growth opportunities. With 
this, let me hand back to Vaidehi. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you so much, Gopal. We will now begin the Bharti Airtel Q&A interactive session for all the participants. Please note that the 
Q&A session will be restricted to analysts and investor community only. Due to time constraints, we would request if you could limit 
the questions to two per participant to enable more participation. Interested participants may click on “Raise Hand option” on your 
Zoom application to join the Q&A queue. Upon announcement of name, participants to kindly click on unmute myself in the popup 
screen and start asking the question post introduction. Participants are requested to limit their questions to Bharti Airtel till 02:00 pm 
as the management will start the Q&A discussion on Bharti Hexacom from 02:00 pm onwards.  
 
The first question comes from Mr. Piyush Choudhary. Mr. Choudhary you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask 
your question now. 
 
 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 5 - 
Piyush Choudhary - HSBC 
 
Hi, good afternoon. This is Piyush from HSBC. Congrats on a great set of numbers. Two questions. Firstly, on your partnership with 
Google in Vishakhapatnam; can you advise on the scale of investments, which will be made by Airtel over the next five years; is 
your role, kind of, limited to building cable landing station and providing intra-intercity fiber or does it also include build-out of the 
data center, because you alluded your capacity will expand 4x? That is the first question. Secondly, can you update us on the 
progress of Xtelify, Airtel Cloud and software solution, has there been any key client wins or contracts signed during the quarter? 
Thank you. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Thank you, Piyush. With the partnership with Google. Firstly, I think the point to make is, on Nxtra we have been investing about 
Rs.1500 Crores a year. We see a lot of opportunity here on Nxtra to build out greater, sort of, capacities in the data center space. 
We will allocate more capital to buy more land in the right places and in addition, of course, to continue to invest in the partnership 
with the Google facility in Vishakhapatnam. To clarify the point that you have made, we are absolutely building data centers in 
Vishakhapatnam for Google, so that is part of the deal. We will be providing the full terrestrial networks to Google connecting 
Vishakhapatnam to Delhi and Mumbai and third, we will also build the cable landing station, so it is a full composite deal, which will 
have a combination of connectivity, cable landing stations, and data center build-out. The data center build-out will happen through 
Nxtra, because that is the business that Nxtra does. The connectivity and cable landing station will be run through Bharti Airtel, 
which is within the Airtel Business, so it is a composite deal, just to clarify. The point I would just like to make is that in the past, we 
have moderated the investments we have made in Nxtra, we operate at a market share of about 10%-12%, we are not satisfied with 
the level of market share for a player like us, we believe that we need to step up our market share given the fast-growing data center 
market that we see in India and so we will do whatever it takes to make that happen. On Xtelify, I think the cloud conversations are 
really going well, we have opened up conversations with 70 odd customers, this is a decision-making process that takes time, but I 
can tell you that every single one of those conversations is met with a lot of interest. We have already signed about six deals across 
manufacturing and distribution as well as BFSI and we are in the process of signing on several more. A lot of this will now depend 
on actually moving workloads to Airtel Cloud and building confidence and then seeing how we can scale this, because once you 
have an inroad into workloads for a customer, over time, more and more workloads move, so that is something that we will do. We 
are also in conversation with several public sector units to see what we can do to provide the cloud. I think one of the advantages 
that the Airtel Cloud offers is sovereignty in its true sense of the word, the control plane resides in India, the operational control 
resides in India and the jurisdiction that we are subjected to, which is the laws that Airtel Cloud is subject to, are based on Indian 
laws. All of this actually adds to the benefit of what is really, truly sovereign. 
 
 
Piyush Choudhary - HSBC 
 
Just to clarify on the Google deal. Is there a co-investment or this entire DC buildout of 1 GW will be done through Nxtra? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I think that you would have seen the press release, we are doing a part of the build-out, and there is also another partner who is 
doing another part of the build-out, so it is a combination of two partners, because Google is actually using two partners in India to 
build out this facility. 
 
 
Piyush Choudhary - HSBC 
 
Got it, Gopal. Any color on the overall investment over five years towards this? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Piyush, I think we are still trying to work this out, but I would say that we will step up from where we are today and we will do 
whatever this business needs to make sure that it really builds competitiveness. 
 
 
Mr. Piyush Choudhary – HSBC 
 
Great. Thank you, Gopal. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 6 - 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Kunal Vohra. Mr. Vohra, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself, and ask your 
question now. 
 
 
Kunal Vohra - BNP Paribas 
 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. On the Supreme Court AGR judgment, how do you see the applicability for Airtel, it seems the order 
is applicable to Vodafone Idea, do you need to approach the Court or you can work directly with the government, and do you think 
the interest penalty computation errors, all of that are up for review? Sorry, that is the first question. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
No, thank you for the question. As I mentioned in my opener, we have always said that the AGR judgment, which we sought reviews 
on around calculation errors, was something that, having lost was a disappointment for us, so in that sense, we are pleased that this 
has been allowed for a reconciliation by the Court. We are now going to be taking it one step at a time, so first, we are going to 
reach out to the government, and that is something that the Company will do over the course of the coming days. Then we’ll take it 
from there. 
 
 
Kunal Vohra - BNP Paribas 
 
Second, is on home broadband, you have seen strong growth, but Jio has been better, I see that there is a big spike in capex in 
home broadband this quarter. Are you doing anything differently now and how should we look at home broadband capex? Also, you 
mentioned 100 million is the potential market, how do you look at your share in that market? And also, you have seen 2.3 million 
customers in FWA; are you facing any capacity issues? Are you looking at UBR? Yes, that is the second question. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
On home broadband, we are clearly seeing a consistent step up in our performance in home broadband. The fact is that even, 
whether it is on mobile or home broadband; the definition of what constitutes a customer is a very stringent definition for us, which is 
based on 30 days revenue earned. So, while I am not in a position to comment on the numbers reported by any competitor, what I 
will tell you is that on home broadband, one of the metrics we look at is our share on some of the OTT platforms, the leading large 
OTT platforms, and some of them have analytics that they provide to players around the world, and I would say that if I look at that, 
we are tracking very well and we are pleased with where we are. That does not mean that we cannot step up home broadband 
further, because I think where we are is that we are feeling that, actually, there is further opportunity to improve our operational 
tightness, in order to drive further growth of home broadband. At this point, we are not seeing any capacity issues on FWA. We are 
currently in the process of experimenting and doing the trials on UBR. The challenge on UBR, as I mentioned in previous quarters is 
the interference in dense locations, because it uses the same Wi-Fi band that is used at homes, and you would see sometimes in 
your own home, where you have browsing problems, it really comes due to interference issues in the lower band of the Wi-Fi 
frequency. This is an area of trials, but I do believe that UBR has a legitimate opportunity to expand into areas, which are not so 
dense, so this could be remote locations, rural areas, small towns, etc., where the density of presence of fiber is low, so that is being 
assessed right now. On the capex front, home broadband has two components of capex, one is the home pass that we roll out and 
the second is the router, so, the CPE. Both of those, the second is linked directly to growth. Maybe, Soumen, you can just add some 
colour on the capex. 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Yeah, Gopal, what you said is right. Basically, we have accelerated our home pass rollout as well as, we are deploying on 5G. Both 
the two avenues of growth are being triggered at the same time. You will see some amount of elevated capex in the near future 
because of both going parallelly. Thank you. 
 
 
Kunal Vohra - BNP Paribas 
 
Thank you. Just lastly, a follow-up to what Piyush was asking, if I look at one gigawatt data center, the cost could be $25-$30 billion, 
if I am not mistaken, and if there are two partners or two entities doing it, the amount for Airtel also could be fairly large. So, can you 
give us some comments on what is the scale of investment we are looking at in data centers? 
 
 
 
 
 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 7 - 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
We have not yet guided on this particular issue, but I would again come back to saying that whatever is required to be invested, we 
will make the investment. I think the numbers that you are talking about are obviously much, much higher than what we think it will 
be. Suffice it to say that we will do what it takes to step up the growth of Nxtra. 
 
 
Kunal Vohra - BNP Paribas 
 
Understood. Thank you. That’s it from me. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Sanjesh Jain. Mr. Jain, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself, and ask your 
question now. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
A couple of questions from my side, Gopal. First, you said there is a standalone and non-standalone doability that we are doing on 
the network to ramp up the FWA. Can you provide more detail on that; how many circles, how does the technology work, does it 
gives us the capability to do spectrum split link, the one which standalone enables, how should we see this transition, and does it 
indicate that we need to go to a standalone 5G before, or are we preponing that transition now? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
You had a second question, Sanjesh? 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
Yes, one on the capital allocation side. We have announced to raise the equity stake in Indus Towers by 5%, just wanted to 
understand the rationale. We understood until 50%, we wanted to have a controlling stake. Just from a capital allocation 
perspective, just wanted to understand what is the rationale behind increasing the stake and how does it change the position for 
Airtel in terms of Indus? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yeah. Sanjesh, I think, just to explain the standalone. Over a period of time, if you take a longer period of time, let us say over the 
next five or six years, as all of the 4G traffic shifts to 5G and more and more devices come in, we will be refarming band-by-band 
spectrum to move it to SA. This is a point that I made a few years ago. Now, as you do this transition, you need to operate some 
spectrum in non-standalone mode and some spectrum in standalone mode, because you are operating, what is called, a dual mode, 
this is a standard practice, it is standard in all markets. For example, you can see in the U.S. market, this is exactly what they are 
doing, even in China, this is exactly what they are doing, because you cannot refarm all of the spectrum immediately, right? At this 
point in time, when we say it is a dual mode, in 13 circles, we already have a live standalone network that is operating for  fixed 
wireless access. One of the advantages that we are seeing on this is the fact that the time on technology that is spent is greater, 
because they do not sort of toggle between 4G and 5G, and that sort of frees up the networks. The second is there is a slight 
improvement in the uplink performance. These are the two things that we have seen and as a consequence, these 13 circles will 
extend across the country for fixed wireless access, this is one part of it. The second part of it is, we also believe that we are now 
ready, given that 40% of the traffic that we carry is on 5G networks, to also start refarming some spectrum for standalone on mobile 
and that gives all the capabilities of standalone as you rightly mentioned. This is a work in process. If we are sitting here, let us say, 
three to four years from now, you would see more and more frequency being refarmed to standalone and at some point non-
standalone will just disappear there will just be standalone technology in the country on our networks. On the capital allocation point, 
I think, for us, we see Indus as a very clearly undervalued asset, it is a strong dividend-paying Company, it is a vital infrastructure for 
us and therefore, given all of these reasons, we have taken up the stake there, or we have proposed, we have taken an enabling 
provision to take up the stake there and at some point based on how things play out, we will look to activate that provision. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
Got it. Just two follow-up questions, Gopal. One on the fixed broadband capex. Again, I was just looking at that number. Now, it 
works to around Rs.20,000 capex per customer, I was just looking at it, it was 15,000, a couple of quarters back it was around 
Rs.15,000-16,000 per customer addition. I thought fiber home pass has remained broadly the same: 10,000 per kilometer, 1.5 
million, the one we have been adding, any reason why there is a spike in the capex per customer, if I look at the home services as a 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 8 - 
whole? That is number one. Number two, any thought process where we want to ultimately take our stake in Indus, is there any 
thought process there, we want to go it till 70, 65, any number there if you can share? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Soumen, you want to talk a little bit about the capex piece? 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Yeah. So Sanjesh, earlier the home pass cost has remained largely the same cost per homes passed, but what has happened, as I 
explained, because this is a land grab opportunity, we are rolling out more fibers, and this will get extracted. In the parallel, we are 
also deploying FWA. Now, the cost of a connected home between a fiber and an FWA is almost similar, but because the home pass 
rollout is also becoming aggressive and we are doing more in a quarter, and we are acquiring more customers on FWA, you are 
seeing for some period, because you are dividing it by the number of customers, and hence you are seeing an elevated number. 
Other than that, there has been no change, no major change in the actual cost of every home pass, neither in the cost of the FWA 
unit. Thank you. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
So Sanjesh, just to give you a sense, we have been operating at between $28-$32 cost per home pass. That does not change, and 
that has not really changed. On Indus, we have always; like I mentioned earlier, we have taken enabling provision to climb by 5%, 
beyond that, there is nothing further to add at this point. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
That is clear, Gopal. I think a stellar number, good execution, and best of luck for the coming quarters. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Thank you, Sanjesh. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Ankur Rudra. Mr. Rudra, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself, and ask your 
question now. 
 
 
Ankur Rudra - JP Morgan 
 
This is Ankur from JP Morgan. The first question on capex, if I heard you correctly, there will be an increase in capex on 5G 
standalone, capex on home passes, as you are looking to accelerate that across CPEs and also an acceleration on the data center 
side, so, how does all of this layer into the overall capex guide for it to moderate in the medium term? Do you think you may have to, 
sort of, update that short to medium-term capex expectation for us? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Ankur, on 5G standalone, there is really no meaningful capex, because it is all software-led, right? All our networks are capable of 
moving to standalone at the flick of a button, so it is a very, very tiny amount of money that we spend for software. On homes capex, 
it is all built into our overall guidance of moderating on capex, so, nothing changes there. The only question is on data centers. I 
think there is an opportunity here to step up the growth of data centers in terms of investment. That part is the part that we will 
assess fully and then sort of come back on how that will impact. My own sense is, it will not be a very meaningful change. There 
could be some bump-up because of the investment in Nxtra, but there again, I would say, it is a bit premature to talk about it 
because we will do what it takes to make sure that we put in the requisite investments to build our position strongly. There, it is a 
very good investment because you get firm contracts for 20 - 25 years and so, to that extent, that works well. 
 
 
 
 
 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 9 - 
Ankur Rudra - JP Morgan 
 
Thank you. Just to clarify the Nxtra investment and the model with Google, it is a co-location model that you are doing, you are not 
going to look at doing the capex of servers yourself, is there any clarity there? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
It is only a data center build-out. 
 
 
Ankur Rudra - JP Morgan 
 
Got it. Super helpful. Just, last question was, you mentioned about convergence being an opportunity. Can you talk us through in 
terms of how you think, look at this in the medium to long term for an overall ARPU premiumization and update that would be 
helpful? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yes, I think at this point in time, there is a land grab on homes, as we know, right? There is a massive growth and tailwind that you 
see in the home broadband segment. The convergence, which is broadband plus content, is a very compelling proposition for 
customers because the bundled pricing that is offered today in the industry is far lower than what it would be if it were disaggregated 
and sold through the form of DTH and home broadband separately, so, to that extent, it is a very compelling proposition. Plus, there 
is abundance of content as well, so there is a lot more content. This is really like going through in a very accelerated pace. I think, 
we are adding for our broadband users, almost 60% of converged sort of plans coming through. At some stage, once the land grab 
phase is over, will tariffs have some correction or see some repair in this segment, given the value that we offer? The answer to that 
could be yes. I think today, it is a bit early to comment on that. 
 
 
Ankur Rudra - JP Morgan 
 
Just to maybe a quick follow-up there, in terms of land grab phase, and you spoke about the 100 million homes opportunity, how 
long, I know, at the moment, you are adding about a million homes per quarter, your competitor adding a bit more than that. How 
long do you think this opportunity lasts in terms of, for us to get to around 100 million, broadly it could be three, four years, longer 
than that? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yes, my own sense is we are today, I think, in the next five to six years, I think we should probably get to it as an industry. 
 
 
Ankur Rudra - JP Morgan 
 
Appreciate it. Thank you. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Gaurav Malhotra. Mr. Malhotra, you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself, and ask 
your question now. 
 
 
Gaurav Malhotra - Axis Capital 
 
Just a couple of questions, more of follow-ups. Just, if I heard it correct, you were mentioning that the home pass capex versus an 
FWA per subscriber, is that in the similar ballpark? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
What Soumen was referring to was the cost per connected home pass and the cost of FWA is more or less the same. Like I 
mentioned, if you take a $28-$30 cost per home pass, typically the utilization on fiber over a period of a couple of years tends to be 
about 28%-30%. This is what happens pretty much in most parts of the world, including India, which means that your cost per 
connected home pass ends up at about $100 and that is pretty much comparable with fixed wireless access. Fixed wireless access, 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 10 - 
what you have, is essentially a CPE. The mobile radio is already deployed for 5G, so it is only the cost of the CPE, which is about 
that much. That is what it was. 
 
 
Gaurav Malhotra - Axis Capital 
 
Thank you. The second is, this question has been asked a few quarters back, but given the increased potential for increasing stake 
in Indus, how should we think about any potential synergies between Nxtra and Indus from a corporate action perspective? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
No, Nxtra and Indus have really, nothing to do with each other. Indus is a passive tower company operating on towers on a very 
distributed basis. Airtel, we have strong relationships with hyperscalers, and all of the domestic enterprises uses the B2B channel, 
and therefore, there is a tremendous amount of synergy in the way you monetize data centers. The rest of it is, just then, land and 
power and the strength of the balance sheet, which allows you to invest in a business like Nxtra, so, there is no intention whatsoever 
of Nxtra being folded into Indus or any such thing. 
 
 
Gaurav Malhotra - Axis Capital 
 
Just a last question, follow-up on Indus itself. In the press release, it had mentioned in opening remarks, not in opening but in one of 
the answers, that one of the reasons for increasing stake in Indus is because it is obviously a strategic asset for you, given the 
importance of it, but it is already getting consolidated, so, just wanted to get a better sense as to that 51 going to 56 and then going 
ahead, how is it sort of going to change that kind of a situation for you? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
As I mentioned, obviously, we see it as a strategic asset but we also see it as a highly undervalued asset. The fact is that it is 
undervalued. Multiples of tower companies around the world tend to be much higher than what they are in Indus, so we see it as an 
undervalued asset. We see it as a strong dividend paying asset and we think that this makes a lot of sense to allocate some capital 
to take it up by 5%. Now, beyond that, whether we will or not, is a speculative question because that, we have not come to that 
bridge. 
 
 
Gaurav Malhotra - Axis Capital 
 
Thank you so much. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Anshuman Atri. Mr. Atri, you may please unmute yourself, introduce yourself and ask your 
question now. 
 
 
Anshuman Atri – Premji Invest 
 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on strong performance. So, my question is more longer term, say right now, we 
are focusing on premiumization strategy, but do you think, say, five years, seven years down the line, we are letting our peer to grow 
at faster pace in terms of subscribers, who may not be premium right now but they may become a premium in the next four to five 
years, and how do you get them back to your network? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I think, for us, Anshuman, it is a balanced approach, so we are constantly looking to see how we can tighten our operations to add 
more customers onto our network, this is an ongoing process. What we do not like is to waste a lot of money in acquiring customers 
who are just looking for a deal and move around between networks every two to three months because that is what refers to the 
quality of acquisition. So, the quality of acquisition is a big area of focus. I must say it is deteriorated in the last few quarters because 
it is just a, tremendous amount of commissions and sales commissions thrown in. We are constantly trying to harness our 
capabilities to see where you get the best, the right quality of acquisitions, which means which retail outlets we look at, if the churn 
in the first three to four months is much higher in a particular outlet, we will try and minimize the acquisition there, so a lot of 
analytics and lot of intelligence goes into that, but once we have acquired a customer, for us, the second obsession kicks in which is 
what we call tenured churn, which means customer who stayed in our network for more than four months; how do we crash that 
churn, and that comes down to the experience we deliver, that comes out of faults in our network or faults in other areas which are 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 11 - 
outside of the network and here there is a constant focus to improve where we are. On the tenured churn, I think we have done a 
good job. We need to do better, not just as Airtel, but certainly as an industry, on the quality of acquisition, which is the bane of the 
industry, because of the amount of spends that have  happened. We think that, at a 365 million user base, this is a very wide user 
base that presents tremendous opportunities for continued premiumization. Now, that means that, will this user base grow, 
absolutely it will continue to grow and that has been a focus of us. 
 
 
 
Anshuman Atri – Premji Invest 
 
Just a followup. Is there any percentage or proportion which you keep in mind internally as to versus peer at least we should grow at 
certain level? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
For us, market share is a way of life and like I said, I think, I underscore this, the way different players in the industry define what 
constitutes a customer and how they report that varies by their own sort of approach. In our case, the definition of what constitutes a 
customer is the most stringent in India. It is based on revenue that is earned in the last 30 days. We do not like reporting customers 
who have been on the network, let us say, for three months and not giving us revenue and as a consequence, we are stringent on 
the way we report. The second thing that we look at is the market share that we are getting on OTT platforms, whether it is players 
like Meta for example, which are widely used by most players across Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, they have Meta analytics, 
which provides information on our relative market share, circle-by-circle and locality-by-locality. We believe on that front, we are 
tracking well, and we continue to look at different competitive parameters and finally, I will say that, ultimately, all of this comes 
together on, what is called, revenue market share, and that is the one that we are really obsessed about, which is, are we getting a 
right share of wallet in terms of revenue market share and here, I would say, in the last few years, we have shown consistent gains 
in revenue market share, our track record, pretty much, speaks for itself on the way that our competitiveness has grown. 
 
 
Anshuman Atri – Premji Invest 
 
Secondly, I just wanted to check more again on the longer term, if you had to do 5G again or when you do this 6G, what would you 
do differently than how you have phased out NSA, SA or how you have phased out FWA, so, what would you do differently and how 
do you adopt the 6G? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I think, firstly, 6G is too far out even 5G has been across the world also shares the GSMA, across the Telco world, I can tell you that, 
one of the pain points in the telecom world across the globe is that 5G has not lived its promise of what it was meant to. The primary 
use case of 5G is only speed and now it is just a more efficient way of producing the same gigabyte, it is a more efficient way of 
doing it, but it has not led to any monetization, anywhere in the world. There have been some experiments and some moves on 
standalone through slicing in some markets like the US and so on, but it is too small and too few and far between to make a 
meaningful difference to the overall monetization that was promised. The simple answer to your question is, we would not change a 
thing, in fact, many years ago, there were lot of skeptics to say, Airtel is moving non-standalone, other players are moving 
standalone. I think, for us, it is not about technology, it is about experience to deliver and on experience, if you look at Crowdsource 
platforms like OpenSignal, in every single quarter since the launch of 5G, we have pretty much won all of the awards, and that is the 
proof of the pudding, so for us,  chasing technology for the sake of technology is not our obsession, chasing experience and using 
technology to deliver right customer experience is the obsession. 
 
 
Anshuman Atri – Premji Invest 
 
Thank you, Gopal. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Sumangal Nevatia. Mr. Nevatia you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask 
your question now. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 12 - 
Sumangal Nevatia – Kotak Securities 
 
Good afternoon everyone, Sumangal from Kotak Securities. First question, quick one on homes. So our view of 100 million homes 
in the medium term, I wanted to understand, what as per us is acceptable market share and until that time, over the next few years, 
do we expect us to remain in land grab mode and high capex mode? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Firstly, I must tell you that the capex on homes is very small because you remember, the capex is the router, the router is also 
loaded on the capex, which is really, connecting a home because ultimately, what it does is, it leverages the existing fiber 
infrastructure that is rolled out for us. So, the fiber that is there, which is the backbone fiber connecting our towers, as well as our 
intra-city and inter-city fiber is the heart around which everything, sort of, runs on homes. Our market share aspirations, I do not 
want to set a target, but I will simply say that we are not happy where we are, the market is consolidating and we think that our 
ambition would be over the next three to four years, to really step up our performance overall in home broadband so that we get a 
significant share of those incremental net adds. I think we have tracked well, so consistently over the last six, seven quarters, we 
have been growing the business at homes and we have been growing competitively, but there is still a lot more to be done. 
 
 
Sumangal Nevatia – Kotak Securities 
 
That is useful. Second question, Gopal, you mentioned in the opener that, cross-selling is an important area of focus, so, today in 
India, wireless is still 70% plus, so, just want to understand, where do we see the non-wireless share moving over the next few 
years and can you, for the benefit, elaborate bit more on what are the cross-sell opportunities which we are eyeing on? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yeah, we have relationships with 365 million wireless customers and you think of that as top of the funnel. Within this, as I 
mentioned, there are about 90 million to 100 million customers who are credit approved: these are prime for postpaid, these are 
prime for home broadband and these are obviously, the best quality customers across the country. Just in terms of that, the capacity 
to buy a full range of services, I think, this part we have harnessed. The second is that we have got the converged data engine, 
which is our software platform that is homegrown purpose-based software platform, which allows us to, really, provide a customer 
an offer on a very, very contextual and immediate basis. This has been the reason why the lending that we have done through Airtel 
Finance is now worth close to 450 Crores, which is a substantial increase over what it was. So, the place that we need to do a better 
job on cross-sell, which is really the focus for the Company right now, is how do you light up every single channel, so whether it is 
the store, whether it is the retail outlet, the 800, 900, 1000 outlets we cover, whether it is the call centers, whether it is indeed our 
digital assets, in every single place, how do you light that up. I think we have done a good job on our digital assets. We are 
beginning to do something on the stores, there is a lot more that we need to do in other areas and we think that if we can harness 
this well and do it well, then this can become a serious moat for Airtel, because we are seeing, the capacity that we have to provide 
upgradation within mobile, the reason we get higher ARPUs, is because of this whole persuasion and cross-sell that you refer to. 
The reason we are able to drive more and more postpaid continuously or consistently is again because of that, but across the range 
of businesses in the full portfolio that we have, this is one of our major areas of focus, which is really, how do you drive cross-sell. 
We call it, how do you improve persuasion, this is really, how it is defined within the Company and it is a big mission for us. 
 
 
Sumangal Nevatia – Kotak Securities 
 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Vibhor Singhal. Mr. Singhal, you may please unmute yourself, introduce yourself and ask your 
question now. 
 
 
Vibhor Singhal – Nuvama 
 
This is Vibhor here from Nuvama. Thanks for taking my question. Gopal, my question was, again on basically, the data center power 
business. Now, we have seen lot of announcements by a lot of players in the Indian markets on the data center setup. Recently, we 
had TCS announce 1 gigawatt capacity that they are looking to build up over the next five to six years. Now, from the vantage point 
that you are there, do you see most of these investments, kind of, fructifying over the next five to six years, do you see there is still a 
huge demand supply mismatch or could this possibly be a case of some sort of a overhype in the beginning to begin with and many 
of these investments might or might not see the end of the day and also, related question would be that, as a Company, would we 
be okay, are we looking at both sites of the pie, we are okay with, let us say, data center buildup as in the case of Vizag partnership 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 13 - 
or the cable landing station or either of the two, are we okay with any of the pie coming to our piece or is there is a clear preference 
of data center buildup in our Nxtra business? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Vibhor, I think, yes, there have been lot of announcements, I think the announcements, typically, are made in the form of intentions. 
What I can tell you is that 50% to 60% of the demand is really happening around Mumbai for the traditional data centers. When it 
comes to AI, there is likely to be growth outside of Mumbai. Vishakhapatnam is the first one, where Google has decided to build out  
because Vishakhapatnam is also very well located since it is also on the coast and as a consequence, cables will come into 
Vishakhapatnam and, sort of, connect up the rest of the world and Google made that announcement. Our business is actually, 
firstly, Nxtra will do only data center built and that is what we will focus on. When it comes to cable landing stations and terrestrial 
connectivity, which is where we will get, pretty much, we will be the preferential partner for Google, that will come in as part of Airtel 
business, so Nxtra is a data center site, cable landing station and terrestrial connectivity, OPGWs and all of that is really within 
Airtel. 
 
 
Vibhor Singhal – Nuvama 
 
Got it. That is really helpful. Just one last bit of question, in terms of, if I look at our India mobile business we have now crossed 
Rs.250 ARPU, earlier you had mentioned that Rs.300 was what you were looking as a target for the let us say a medium term, 
another tariff hike maybe in the next three quarters and we would be in touching distance with that, how do you see the industry 
playing out post that, let us say, over the next three to four quarters, we reach the number wherever we do, post that, do you see 
more of consolidation happening in the industry, or do you still see room beyond that number, for basically, ARPU is good to go up, 
would that be, just be driven by premiumization or there could be still be more room for tariff hike post that? 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
There are two things I would say, one is that, we have made this point several times in past. Whether you look at average revenue 
per user or rate per gigabyte, India is the lowest on both those axes across the world, so I think there is certainly room for more tariff 
repair, but I also think that the price architecture, if it changes, which is again a point I have made in the past, to a more sensible 
ladder of pricing from small, medium, large to extra large. You will see natural tailwind for ARPU because the people who can afford 
to pay will then pay a lot more and people who cannot afford to pay will not need to pay enough. I think the problem  in our pricing 
architecture in India is, as I have mentioned before, it is one-size-fits-all pricing, which, where you do not have as much avenue for 
upgradation through the growing affluence that you are likely to see over coming years and I hope that will change, my hope is that 
will change because that will be an easy one to then, really, consistently see upgradation. 
 
 
Vibhor Singhal – Nuvama 
 
Thanks for taking my questions and wish you all the best. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you, everyone. I would now like to remind the participants to stay connected on the call for the next session on Bharti 
Hexacom. I would now like to invite Gopal for his closing remarks for Bharti Airtel. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal – Vice Chairman & Managing Director - Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Again, thank you very much for joining this earnings call. It’s been a very good discussion and a great set of questions. I look 
forward to seeing you in the next quarter. Thank you. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you, Gopal. With this, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Soumen Ray for his opening remarks on Bharti Hexacom 
performance. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 14 - 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Thank you, Vaidehi. We delivered another consistent quarter with revenue of Rs.2,317 Crores, growing about 2.4% sequentially. 
EBITDAaL for the quarter came in at about Rs.1,098 Crores, with a margin of about 47.5%. Our revenue earning customer base 
stood at 28 million, which saw a very, very marginal dip sequentially. Smartphone customer additions came at about 193,000. I want 
to call out that the customer addition was impacted by a pronounced seasonality. It was a one-off phenomenon. We have started Q3 
on a relatively positive note. ARPU for the quarter was at Rs.251, benefiting by one day additional in the quarter. The continued 
improvement in underlying portfolio mix helped that. Homes business is seeing sustained momentum with strong net adds, which is 
expected to continue.  Our net customer addition was 60,000 in Q2, which was the highest ever in any quarter. Operating free cash 
generation, which is EBITDAaL minus capex, was a strong Rs.730 Crores. Our balance sheet is robust with a net debt excluding 
leases, of about Rs.2,814 Crores and a net debt excluding FLO versus EBITDAaL of about 0.6%. With that, I will hand it over to 
Vaidehi for the Q&A. Thank you. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you so much, Soumen. We will now begin the Q&A interactive session. Due to time constraint, we would request, if you could 
limit the questions to two per participants to enable more participation. Interested participants may click on raise hand option on your 
Zoom application to join the Q&A queue. With this, the first question comes from Mr. Sanjesh Jain. Mr Jain, you may please unmute 
yourself, introduce yourself and ask your question now. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
Hi Soumen, Good afternoon, couple of questions from my side. First on the revenue growth, sequentially mobile revenue growth for 
us was around 2.1% while Airtel did mobility of 2.6%, we thought, considering the under penetration in Rajasthan and the North East 
Circle, the anticipation was that we will grow slightly faster than Airtel. Is there anything in terms of seasonality or something which is 
changing and making this sequential number not so comparable with Airtel? 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Well, there are two different geographies. There are times when it is a little higher but there are times when it is a little lower. As I 
mentioned in my opener, Sanjesh, seasonality was pronounced, which led to a marginal drop in customer base, which had a 
headwind, but other than that, there is no major difference, if you see, ARPU growths are also similar. Overall, nothing major. It is 
just that, because of an aberration in seasonality, which we hope will get corrected in Q3. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
Soumen, what is seasonality are we really talking about here? 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Seasonality, there is a migratory population and the two places where we have our operations are not extremely urbanized. So what 
happens is, there are people who go there and come back to their place of work, which leads to a little bit of seasonality and 
however it might seem awkward, Rajasthan had a very high share of rains and a bit of dislocation of public services as well, so, 
between the two, we had an impact and as I mentioned, Q3, we seem to be charting well versus how we have started. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
Just one more question on the SG&A cost which has declined QoQ YoY. What is really driving that, efficiency or a one-off, how to 
read that? 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
SG&A, there is a bit of a one-off which has come and hit. You can take an average of the last trailing two quarters and you will get a 
fair number. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
That is pretty clear. Thanks, Soumen, for all those answers and best of luck for the coming quarters. 
 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 15 - 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Thanks a lot, Sanjesh. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Requesting all the participants that would like to ask a question to kindly raise your hand and join the Q&A queue. With this, the next 
question comes from Mr. Shubham Gupta. Mr. Gupta, you may please unmute yourself, introduce yourself and ask your question 
now. 
 
 
Vivekanand – Ambit 
 
Sorry. This is Vivekanand from Ambit. Two questions. The first one is on the capex trajectory. Now, I understand that, there was 
some deferment of capex from 1Q which spilled over into the second quarter, which meant that on a year-on-year basis, capex 
trends are perhaps now better observable if one looks at the 1H numbers. If you can update us on the guidance for the capex for 
FY2026 and FY2027 using FY2025 as a reference point, that would be great, that is question one, and the second question is on 
the homes business. Now, Gopal spoke about the land grab that is applicable in Airtel when it comes to the homes business and 
that being perhaps dilutive from a pricing standpoint, are there any divergent trends in the circles of your operation and if you can 
update us on the revenue opportunity as far as contribution from homes and offices is concerned, say over, three to five years 
where could this get to? Thank you. 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Thanks, the capex trend, like we have mentioned, directionally, it should moderate over time. I am not taking a time limit of FY2026 
or FY2027 or whatever. Within quarters, there are executional challenges, there are weather-related challenges, there is 
prioritization, a lot of those happen, so, I would not read too much into the quarterly phasing. At an annualized basis, like we have 
guided, directionally, there is a holding/decline in capex. On homes land grab, it is no different in these two places. I did not 
understand your question around price dilution. Can you explain that bit again? 
 
 
Vivekanand – Ambit 
 
Sure. Soumen, Gopal said that, currently the value that consumers derive out of the bundle that is given by the providers, the 
connection plus the plethora of OTT subscription offerings that is significantly generous or that is overly generous and perhaps also 
leading to, say some, depression in ARPU versus the scenario where competition is more benign. So, my question is, is that the 
case in your markets also, given they are more rural compared to the overall Airtel operations and, that was one part of the question 
and the second part was, where do you see the revenue contribution of homes and offices, say over, three to five years? 
 
 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
First and foremost, on the ARPU being lower, I do not think what Gopal mentioned was a continuous decline. There is a mix impact 
that is happening, where more and more customers are wanting to take content-driven packs, which is helping us in customer 
acquisition, that is a key enabler. It also ensures that customers do not churn, because the content is a way by which customers 
stick to a service provider, so, that is no different here. As you expand the footprint of any product or service, the initial adopters are 
well informed and they typically take a higher priced pack, whereas, when you go into a land grab phase, the marginal customer is 
not as evolved as the first customer and hence, you tend to sell lower priced packs, so, that is the trend where you see that there is 
a directional reduction in the ARPU of homes. I think that is not ofa concern, neither is the capex of a concern, this is a new service 
of connectivity, which is getting rolled out and across both our circles and we must ensure that we acquire the customer, we give 
him best of services, because the lifecycle value of the customer is extremely high. Coming to, what will be the ratio, I will not get 
into ratios, but you can see the growth, as we have said, of course, in this circle, mobility is an overwhelming number, but certainly, 
it is expected that homes growth trajectory which we have done in the last couple of quarters should continue. I must also add here 
that, FWA plays a very, very important role in these two circles and the share of FWA is very high, if I compare with some of the 
other players, so our belief is that FWA is a very important technology in both these two circles to ensure penetration of Wi-Fi. 
 
 
Vivekanand – Ambit 
 
Thank you, Soumen, for the detailed answers. All the best. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you, everyone. I would now like to pass it to Soumen for his closing remarks for Bharti Hexacom. 
 

     
 
   
 
  Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited and Bharti Hexacom Limited Q2 ended September 30, 2025 Earnings Webinar 
 
Republished with permission.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 16 - 
Soumen Ray – Chief Financial Officer - India & South Asia – Bharti Airtel Limited & Director, Bharti Hexacom Limited 
 
Thanks a lot for taking the time and joining the call. We will meet in the next year. Thank you. 
 
 
Vaidehi Sharma – Moderator 
 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Recording of this webinar will be available on the Company website. Have a great day 
ahead. Bye. 
