 
 
 
5 November 2025 
 
The Manager, Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 526299      
 
The Manager, Listing 
National Stock sExchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. c/1, 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: MPHASIS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed the transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, 31 October 
2025. 
 
The transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at the weblink:  
https://www.mphasis.com/content/dam/mphasis-com/global/en/investors/financial-results/2026/transcript-of-
earnings-call-q2-2026.pdf 
 
The above intimation is also available on the website of the Company at: www.mphasis.com. 
 
We request you to kindly take the above intimation on record. 
                        
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Mphasis Limited  
                                 
 
Mayank Verma 
Senior Vice President and Company Secretary 
Membership No.: ACS 18776 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
MAYANK 
VERMA
Digitally signed 
by MAYANK 
VERMA

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
“Mphasis Limited 
Q2 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITIN RAKESH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
MR. ARAVIND VISWANATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
MR. VINAY KALINGARA – HEAD INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
 
 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining the Mphasis Q2 FY 2026 
Earnings Conference Call. I am Nirav, your moderator for the day. We have with us 
today Mr. Nitin Rakesh, CEO of Mphasis; Mr. Aravind Viswanathan, CFO, and Mr. 
Vinay Kalingara, Head of Investor Relations. 
As a reminder, there is a webcast link in the call invite mail that the Mphasis management 
team will be referring to today. The same presentation is also available on the Mphasis 
website, ‘www.mphasis.com’ in the Investors section under ‘Financial & Filing’ as well 
as on both BSE and NSE websites. Request you to have the presentation handy. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and 
uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in the Q2 results release 
that was sent out to all of you earlier. 
I now hand over the floor to Mr. Nitin Rakesh to begin the proceedings on this call. 
Thank you. And over to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Thank you, Nirav. Thanks everyone for joining today. Hope you have had a great festive 
season.  
We had another strong quarter, and our business continues to perform very well. 
However, before we get to the financials, I would like to walk you through our journey 
of how we got here, and what enables our sustained success.  
While AI is the buzzword since ChatGPT, at Mphasis we made a few strategic choices 
over the past 10 years, and decided to go all in on them, consistently. While you may 
have heard me talk about these in the past few years, let me reconnect the dots.  
The three big strategic choices that set the stage for our AI journey back in the day were: 
the first big one was that ‘Every enterprise, every business is a consumer business. Some 
don't know it yet’. As we started executing on this, our conviction was that AI will 
change every customer's experience. Back in 2014-15 timeframe, we set up NEXT Labs 
as the Mphasis R&D hub, began experimenting with AI, and early evolution of GPT well 
before AI became mainstream. This was our Gen-1 initiative around AI. 
The second big bet was ‘How do we enable agility required by Enterprises’ in a way that 
they want to launch products at ease and speed, adopting every asset of tech as a service, 
think DevOps revolution, legacy modernization, cloud migration, data on cloud, 
cybersecurity, transformation, etc. We pivoted a large portion of our business on this 
construct, a tech-led pivot, and my favourite phrase from 17-18 that we used to rally our 
troops was ‘Bring the T back into IT’. 
Extending this into Gen-2, we built over 250 AI/ML models on the cloud marketplaces, 
including platforms such as DeepInsightsTM, PACE-ML, HyperGrafTM and AI integrated 
into InfraGenieTM. In the past two years, with the rapid consumerization of AI, we 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
accelerated our AI-first digital native model, also focusing on AI arbitrage and unlocking 
new growth opportunities. 
These efforts matured into proprietary platforms like Mphasis NeoZetaTM, NeoCruxTM, 
NeoSaBaTM etc. that were designed to boost human performance. Earlier this week, we 
launched Mphasis NeoIPTM, a breakthrough AI platform integrating multiple Mphasis.ai 
innovative 
solutions 
designed 
for 
continuous 
enterprise 
transformation 
and 
differentiating competitive advantage. 
NeoIPTM perpetually rewires core systems, turning enterprise knowledge across legacy 
systems, data and operations, enabling us to drive intelligent engineering. At the core of 
NeoIPTM is this living, breathing layer of connected enterprise understanding that unifies 
data, systems and processes to proactively optimize, modernize, and transform business 
and IT operations. It empowers CIOs and business leaders to shift left, embedding data-
powered intelligence early in the software and operations lifecycle to create self-healing, 
resource-efficient systems that learn and improve over time. The platform creates a 
connected data-centric environment where AI and human teams collaborate to plan, build 
and manage transformation. 
Key component of NeoIPTM is Ontosphere that, in collection with various AI agents, 
constructs and sustains the intelligence through dynamic knowledge graphs using 
enterprise domain context. It ensures AI-driven transformation is fast, accurate, and 
strategically aligned with long-term business goals. 
NeoIPTM includes solutions grouped under four categories namely Modernization, 
Application Development, IT Ops and Business Ops. These capabilities are delivered via 
specialized AI agents and frameworks that you see on the slide. 
Let me give you a quick summary. Essentially, NeoIPTM natively connects with third-
party AI agents through recent, though still evolving market standards such as Model 
Context Protocol (MCP) and Agent2Agent (A2A) standards, expanding the agent fabric 
for unified cross-enterprise orchestration. 
NeoIPTM, thus, introduces a new era of continuous transformation that continuously 
learns, adapts, and grows into our client's business, powered by the Ontosphere. Our AI 
strategy centres on intelligent orchestration through composable platforms, integrating 
multiple LLMs, proprietary solutions, third-party assets, and partner ecosystems to build 
multidimensional solutions tailored to business outcomes powered by our own IP. 
Many enterprises today struggle to achieve consistent progress in their digital and AI 
journeys due to legacy systems and applications, fragmented tools, siloed teams, and 
limited visibility across programs. This platform addresses these challenges by providing 
a connected, data driven environment where humans and AI systems can work together 
to plan, build, and manage transformation. 
This slide showcases the examples of implementation across verticals and clients in those 
verticals and their challenges. Let me double-click on one of these. An Insurance, 
Annuities and Wealth management firm that had challenges in their current operating 
model. They wanted to transform to modern and digital application portfolio to drive 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
efficiencies, speed of resolution and time to market, improve security, resiliency and 
operational excellence. Mphasis proposed a solution of an integrated ADMS, modern 
target operating model using key transformation and technology levers that I just talked 
about to advance service performance, quality, efficiency, and speed in an outcome-
based model through our own modern engineering platforms, including components of 
NeoIPTM and especially Mphasis NeoCruxTM.  
NeoCruxTM is natively available as a plugin to the IDE, which is a plugin to developer 
environment that integrates the tool chains along with the AI-powered coding assistant 
tools like GitHub Copilot, AWS Q and Cody. Mphasis partnered with the client to 
implement critical applications using GenAI tools to improve developer productivity 
making delivery faster, better, and more efficient while maintaining quality standards. 
This increases SDLC productivity by 20% to 30% while reducing technical debt by about 
60%. This initiative, along with NeoIPTM, is a result of many ongoing investments we've 
been making, including some that were recently enhanced earlier this year.  
Since the launch of Mphasis.ai, our pipeline has grown by 2.4 times. We currently have 
the largest ever pipeline driven by a number of these propositions that are being 
embedded into our offerings. 
Another quarter of strong TCV wins with $528Mn of TCV won this quarter, we continue 
to see additional opportunities to embed our shift left thinking and suite of these solutions 
into every customer proposition. As you can see, we've seen the increasing build-up of 
the AI-led pipeline as well as the overall increase in qualified pipeline. This has also 
been ably complemented and supported by our recent GTM investments such as 
increased sales and solution coverage at an account, vertical and geography levels as 
well as setting up of our Strategic Engagements team; the Large Deals team that we 
announced late last year. 
Looking at the pipeline, it's increasing across multiple dimensions and is fairly broad-
based across client segments, verticals, as well as tribe-led archetypes. Our BFS pipeline 
is up 45% YoY and non-BFS pipeline is up 139% YoY. Significantly, our large deals 
pipeline is up 180% YoY, referencing back to my comments around setting up the Large 
Deals team this time last year. 
We've also had solid traction in our AI archetypes, including AI Ops, Modernization and 
Data, especially to call out a few. We continue to stay focused on deal-making, and as 
referenced earlier, the investments in large deals teams are bringing to yield results, even 
though we are still in early phases of institutionalization of the same. 
Our proactive share of deal wins remains steady and healthy. Our AI investments are 
reflected in our pipeline and deal wins. 42% of TCV wins in Q2 are AI-led, with further 
room to expand this metric in the rest of the TCV that we won this quarter as well. 
This is our second successive quarter at $528Mn in TCV, more than $0.5Bn in TCV for 
the quarter. In the first half of FY26, we won approximately $1.3Bn of TCV, which is 
more than the full year TCV wins in FY25. On a last 12-month basis, we've now closed 
over $2Bn in TCV. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
H1 TCV wins have been broad-based across all our major verticals. We won six large 
deals in Q2 for a total of 10 large deal wins in the first half of FY26. Of the six large 
deals, one deal is over $100Mn, and two deals are over $50Mn. TCV to revenue 
conversion pace has remained steady with further room to improve the pace of 
conversion, owing to the transformation nature of some of these deals. 
Moving to performance by segment, we continue to push for revenue growth, which is 
anchored in our strong client mining model and tech-led offerings. Second quarter FY26 
revenue came in at $445Mn, growing 2% sequentially and 6% YoY in constant currency 
terms. This is the highest quarterly revenue recorded for the company, surpassing the 
$440 Mn recorded in Q2 of FY23. 
Our direct business contributed 97.5% to our overall revenue for the quarter. We expect 
the pace of revenue and deal conversion to remain strong, propelled by the Savings-Led 
TransformationTM theme. Our direct revenue for the quarter increased 2.2% sequentially 
and 7.9% YoY in Q2 FY26 in constant currency terms. 
Growth momentum in Direct continues to be strong. Anchor geography US grew 2.1% 
sequentially and 10% YoY in Direct, driven by ramp-ups increase in deal wins. EMEA 
region reported robust sequential growth of 7.5% in constant currency terms. Rest of the 
world grew 15.5% YoY in constant currency terms for our Direct business as well. 
Our core service line of Enterprise Apps, which contribute 73% of overall revenue, 
increased 9% YoY this quarter. Direct Apps growth is driven by AI-led modernization 
deals, and our ITO service line for Direct also delivered a strong sequential growth of 
7% and YoY growth of 18% in constant currency terms. Growth is led by continued 
ramp-up of integrated build plus run deals. 
Moving to our vertical performance: BFS, Insurance and TMT verticals continue the 
growth momentum. At an overall company level, BFS grew 13.8% YoY in Q2. YoY 
growth in BFS was impacted by the ramp-down of the ATM business. Direct BFS grew 
17.3% YoY, largely driven by wallet share gains in existing accounts and continued 
strong execution in new account wins. Insurance and TMT verticals continue the growth 
momentum, both registering a YoY growth of 25% plus. Insurance vertical for direct 
grew 4.5% sequentially and 32% YoY in constant currency terms. Combined BFSI 
vertical has grown at a CQGR of 4.7% in past four quarters, which we consider to be 
market leading. We continue the strong deal wins momentum and revenue conversion in 
the TMT vertical, which has grown 10% sequentially and 26.7% YoY in constant 
currency terms in Direct. We expect the Logistics and Transportation vertical to start 
delivering sequential growth from Q3. 
I'm also pleased to announce that we recently brought on board a new leader to head our 
Healthcare vertical go-to-market where we will be laser focused on building pipeline, 
closing deals and sustaining growth in the coming quarters, especially leveraging the 
Mphasis Javelina® healthcare platform as we have recently seen gains in market share 
not only in the traditional TPA market for Javelina®, but also upstream enterprise payers 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
including national players. Overall, at a portfolio level, our performance is very much in 
line with our expectations.  
Our client pyramid continues to improve, especially across the middle of the pyramid. 
YoY, we've added one client in the $100Mn+ category, two clients in $75Mn+ category, 
two clients in $50Mn+ category, two clients in $20Mn+ category, and three clients in 
$10Mn+ categories. Client pyramid improvement is driven by wallet share gains in 
existing accounts and successful ramp-up in new accounts. On an LTM basis, top 10 
accounts grew 10.8% YoY, and the next 20 accounts grew 10.7% YoY. 
In our quarterly financial metrics, we delivered to our philosophy of maintaining margin 
in the stated band while making investments for growth. Our EBIT margin remained 
stable at 15.3%. Reported operating profit for the quarter grew 4.4% sequentially and 
9.5% YoY to INR 5,959 Mn. Our EPS grew 10.2% YoY to INR 24.7. Our operating cash 
flow generation was at $54Mn for the quarter. 
DSO for the Quarter was at 89 days an increase by 5 days QoQ due to an increase in 
Debtors relating to milestone contracts and movement from Contract Assets of last 
quarter and contract assets decreasing QoQ due to movement of the same to Debtors 
partially offset by new contracts. You should also note that the fixed price contribution 
to revenue has gone up by more than 50% YoY, and this change of business has seen an 
increase in DSO. We do expect normalization over the course of next three to four 
quarters. 
In summary, we had our highest ever revenue and EPS, growth led by insurance and 
TMT verticals as well as BFS growth on a YoY basis with 13.8% growth YoY. We 
launched Mphasis NeoIPTM, as I mentioned, a unified AI platform with purpose-built 
agents, and continued our investments in AI-driven growth initiatives, driving pipeline 
and TCV wins. Pipeline is at record levels, growing 9% sequentially and 97% YoY with 
69% of the pipeline being AI-led. 
We sustained second quarter of strong TCV wins with $528Mn in this quarter, and as I 
mentioned, one deal of over $100Mn with a new BFS client and two deals over $50Mn. 
Our first half TCV wins were more than our full year TCV wins of FY25 with last 12 
months TCV at $2Bn+ - all while we delivered stable margins.  
Coming to outlook, we will continue to focus on pursuing, winning and executing at the 
account level, while making investments in scaling our AI-led proposition and expanding 
our footprint in the NeoIPTM suite of agents. We continue to stay focused on conversion 
of pipeline to TCV and TCV to revenue and expect growth to be greater than 2x of 
industry growth on the back of our H1 performance and steady conversion of strong TCV 
wins to revenue with steady ramp-up of large deals in the ongoing quarters. We will 
continue to target operating EBIT margin in the stated band of 14.75% to 15.75%. 
With that, let's open the call for questions, moderator. 
Moderator 
Certainly, sir. Thank you very much. We have the first question from the line of Sudheer 
Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra Asset Management. Please go ahead. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Hi, Nitin. Thanks for the opportunity. So last quarter we were talking about 3Q seeing a 
good impact of the deal ramp-ups that we had won in the June quarter, and we were 
expecting very strong growth in 3Q and second half in general. Now that we might be 
having a little bit more clarity on the furlough front, so any update on that, how we 
expect the next two quarters to pan out? That is my first question. Second is on BFS this 
quarter sequentially looks a bit soft. Is that also impacted by the ATM business on a 
sequential basis or you were just referring to the year-on-year impact on ATM business? 
That would be from me. Thanks. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Sudheer, sure. Let me answer the second question. That's straightforward. I think the 
impact of ATM business was more YoY. I think on a sequential basis, the impact is 
actually a lot more muted, but in general, on a CQGR basis, over the last four quarters, 
our BFS business has grown at about 4% in Direct. What that means is we've seen some 
significant growth already in the last three to four quarters and probably were the first 
ones to call for a bottoming in the business in terms of headwinds in BFS, and I think 
we are overall very pleased with the YoY performance there. I think sequentially, 
sometimes there will be puts and takes primarily driven by project deliverables and 
realization of those. So, nothing more to call out. I think it continues to be growth outlook 
intact for the second half of the year in BFS. 
Coming to your question on Q3 ramp-ups driven by large deals in Q1, I think a number 
of those deals already converted, will continue to convert through the remainder of the 
year as well. I think the conversion of deals is a little bit more nuanced based on nature. 
Some deals where there may be quick conversion opportunity because you may be taking 
over an existing operation or a set of employees or you may have a rebadge opportunity 
will have converted quicker, and some where you're consolidating out a bunch of other 
providers and taking over, refer to the example I gave on the Insurance client, that's 
typically a three to six-month ramp that effectively needs to go through that level of 
transition period. And in some cases, where we are infusing tech, it also requires us to 
spend time on hardening the environments, going through the cybersecurity tests before 
we can actually deploy new tech in the customer environment. So broadly, I think we are 
aligned on track with conversion of not just Q1 deals, but also Q2 deals.  
And in terms of seasonality and furlough, I think it's too early to say whether it'll be 
same as last year or not but given that the mix has changed a little bit more in favour of 
fixed price, we may have the opportunity to optimize compared to where we were last 
year. So, net-net, again, if you extrapolate what we are guiding for the remainder of the 
year, at least at a gross level, you can see that we should have decent growth in the 
second half of the year. Whether the growth is more lopsided in favour of Q4 versus Q3 
is something we have to optimize based on where we end up with seasonality. 
Sudheer Guntupalli 
Sure, Nitin. Thanks. All the very best. 
Moderator 
Next question is from line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec India. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Hi, good morning. Congrats on another strong quarter. Couple of questions. So, one is 
on the Logistics vertical, you've announced a deal, but you have earlier alluded to a 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
potential large deal there as well. Is this that large deal? And when do you think this 
really starts getting back into double-digit growth trajectory like the rest of the business? 
The second is on BFS. One, we have seen interest rates coming down. And do you see 
the refinance business really picking up and adding volumes? And should that be a 
stronger contributor to the back half of the year? And the last one is on the weakness in 
the top customer. When do you see that sort of ending? And then just had one more, 
which I missed, which is, there's been a lot of noise around regional banks and thing in 
the US. I know you don't have much of an exposure, but any concerns that you see within 
your clients or any new uncertainty that could sort of unfold there? What's your read on 
that? Thank you. 
Nitin Rakesh 
I think I forgot your question number one by now but let me take them in the order I 
remember. I think regional banks, doesn't seem to be a systemic concern. At least we are 
not hearing that from our large banking customers. Neither are we hearing it from 
sponsors who are very active in the private credit market, which is where a couple of 
those incidents were reported a couple of weeks ago. So again, nothing to call out. Given 
our portfolio, we are fairly comfortable and confident that this should not be any concern 
to us. Systemic risk hasn't really showed up at this point. This is a market where people 
are actually looking for bubbles, so we'll see how that plays out, but so far, nothing to 
call out.  
On your question around growth in largest customer, happy to tell you that on a 
sequential basis, it has grown far in excess of the company growth, and we do expect 
that growth trend to continue for the rest of the year. How long that takes for the trailing 
12 months to wash out is a matter of just arithmetic, but as long as sequentially we've 
started to grow, which we have, and we have visibility to that growth over the second 
half of the year, I think we should be quite okay there.  
On your question around Logistics and Transportation and the deal win, we've already 
called out in my commentary that we will see growth in Q3 on a sequential basis. Double-
digit growth, whether it's sequential, your question was sequential or YoY, is a difficult 
question to answer because, again, given the ramp-down we've seen in some segments 
of that vertical, it might take us a while to get to double-digit growth on a YoY basis 
because, again, the last three or four quarters have to wash through that arithmetic. And 
if you don't mind, just remind me your fourth question. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Was on the mortgage refinance. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Again, Nitin, I don't want to sound the whistle when we've already had a couple of false 
starts in the last 12 months. We saw the first interest rate cut from the Fed in September 
of 2024. After the 25-basis point cut, the 10-year went up by 100 basis points. So very 
complex and difficult to say based on the preceding, in the following three cuts earlier 
this year, whether we will see any meaningful pickup in volumes. All I can tell you is 
that in expectation of volumes going up, we've seen some clients reach out proactively 
and asked us to create capacity. But it's difficult to say whether it will pick up in 
December or February or how the seasonality will play out from an uncertainty 
standpoint, because now the December cut is under question given the lack of data, given 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
the government shutdown. So very difficult to pinpoint. Hence, we are not calling for 
that. If that happens, that will definitely be a nice tailwind that we will welcome with 
both arms. Meanwhile, we've already seen healthy sequential growth in that business this 
quarter on the back of new deal wins, where our ability to go in and take out operations 
from a customer, based on the work we've done, even in deploying AI into that business 
is really what's driving the growth there. So base case, we'll continue to see wallet share 
gains. We will continue to stay more competitive compared to our own client operations 
as well as our competitors. And if there is a second vector that gets added, that will only 
be accretive to growth. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Perfect. That's very helpful. Thanks a ton, and all the very best. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good execution. The first question 
is in terms of Travel and Logistics, you have answered the question on the revenue, but 
on the segment margin, it has turned into losses in this quarter from a mid-single-digit 
margin last quarter. So, is there a further investment that has happened in this vertical, 
which has led to gross margin losses in this quarter? So how to read about this and how 
do you see, with the growth, margin in this segment to change? 
Aravind Viswanathan 
Sandeep, this is Aravind. Let me take that. You're right, there was a specific investment 
we had made with respect to this vertical, which has contributed to the swing in the gross 
margin that you've seen in Q2. I think you will see a complete return to normalcy on 
margins from Q3 onwards. You will see a sharp uptick because this is more of a one-
time in nature, and like Nitin already covered, you will see a pickup in revenue, and that 
is backed on new deals that we are winning. So, I think you will see a trend up from what 
you've seen in Q2. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. Thanks. And despite closure of strong deal wins, the pipeline commentary is very 
robust, which is encouraging. So, is it fair to assume the deal TCV numbers can continue 
above $300Mn, $350Mn, $400Mn as a new normal going forward? 
Nitin Rakesh 
Yeah. I think that's a great question, but unfortunately or fortunately, the large deals will 
continue to be lumpy in nature. So, while we are quite confident that our trajectory and 
run rate has increased over the last three or four quarters, I think the best thing will be 
to look at maybe a trailing 12-month metric versus just one quarter or two-quarter metric. 
Also, keep in mind the long-term trend here. We've actually seen quite a robust jump in 
our long-term trend in terms of what quarterly TCV average we would declare, 
increasingly pretty much over the last six or seven years. So directionally, we do believe 
that there is an opportunity to uptick that to the next level. We're very happy we've done 
that in the last three quarters, and hopefully we'll continue to do that given the strength 
of the pipeline and the conversion rates. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. And just last couple of questions, Nitin. Looks like on the commentary, the 
revenue exit run rate in the fourth quarter could be much better this year, which can set 
a platform for even a higher growth in FY26 if macro-led concerns do not elevate further. 
So, is it a right way of looking at it? And the last question on margins. Aravind, this 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
quarter, if we exclude the hedge, the margin improvement has been really good. So how 
to model, where do you expect these revenue line hedge losses to settle going forward? 
Because rupee has been depreciating and above INR 88, one can assume these losses 
may still continue. 
Nitin Rakesh 
So let me take the question around FY26 exit run rate, and I think, again, arithmetically 
what you're saying is right, but the big “IF” there is what happens to the environment 
and the situation when it comes to executing those. So, I think that, again, go back to 
what I said earlier that directionally we are headed there. We do expect the growth rate 
will continue to have an uptick as we build the run rate over Q3 and Q4, and how that 
sets us up for FY27, it's a little bit premature. We'll probably be in a better position to 
talk about that in Q4. 
Aravind Viswanathan 
Sandeep, on the hedging, you're right, there is a hedge loss and we kind of report our 
OCI also on a designated hedge policy. We have somewhat similar number expected in 
a couple of quarters going by because we have a conservative hedging policy where we 
hedge about 80% of our exposure. And we do it irrespective of the volatility. We don't 
do a tactical approach to currency, that never works. So, in that sense, it will take some 
time before the full effects of the currency depreciation flow in. But at a larger point, I 
think currency has become one of the integral factors of our P&L. So, one doesn't look 
at margins ex-currency. So, it is something that we bake in. We protect our hedging 
policies to protect from sudden volatility, which is what we've done, but I think it's 
ingrained into the business dynamics right now. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Nitin, just wanted to pick your thoughts on two things. 
Some of your larger global peers seem to be suggesting about significant improvement 
in short-term discretionary projects in Banking, and something that you were quite early 
to essentially suggest a few months back. Just wanted to understand if you are seeing 
further acceleration on that trend. That's question number one. The second thing is that 
with regards to some of our internals around headcount addition, around utilization 
metrics. Just wanted to understand how one should be looking at the fact that our offshore 
utilization essentially jumped up sharply, probably the best in over five years. How are 
those trends playing out? And the last one would be the services and software construct 
which you and some of the industry peers have pointed out. While it is translating into 
revenue per headcount going up, when does this essentially start showing up in terms of 
at an overall margin profile level? Those would be my questions. 
Nitin Rakesh 
I think on the question around discretionary spend pickup in short-term for Banking, 
again, I think I mentioned, we were probably the first ones in the industry to call for this 
dynamic almost three or four quarters ago. Of course, there was a lot of disbelief and 
questioning at that point whether on what basis are we seeing this, but we've delivered 
on the numbers, and if recent trends are anything given by, then definitely the demand 
environment for Banking, especially around adoption of AI and new spends being 
diverted to AI, seems to be the narrative that we are also continuing to see play out. 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
Again, this is already in our numbers for the last few quarters. That's why I confidently 
told you that second half of the year, we will continue to see some of that trend play out 
as well. Not only across the whole sector, but even some of our top clients.  
Let me address the platform IP question first, and then we'll get to the operating metrics 
that you referred around utilization of headcount. I think we're at a stage where, over the 
last two years, things are evolving really rapidly, not just with regards to development 
of our own platforms, but even with regards to market standards and the amount of 
activity that's in the market in terms of evolution and new announcements and new 
launches. Our focus for the last 12-18 months really has been on strengthening our 
propositions, creating this repeatable construct through the IP platform, embedding it 
into our propositions, running multiple MVPs with customers to validate this thinking, 
making sure we understand the enterprise adoption life cycle, hardening our own 
platforms when it comes to meeting things like cybersecurity standards and certification 
standards, and we made some announcements earlier this week around the ISO 
certifications. That's very much aligned to the execution of that strategy. And eventually, 
immediate focus right now is on creating in every industry vertical, in every large client 
segment, what we are calling ‘Lighthouse’ programs. I think that will give us a lot of 
learnings around what the opportunity is from a commercialization standpoint, how that 
plays into the pricing constructs, how much leverage do we have on margin, what's the 
client maturity in accepting this model, where we are embedding not just people, but 
people plus software into the service and how the market responds to it, even from a 
competitive standpoint. The good news though is that because we have this approach, 
we are at least not playing the pricing game alone when it comes to winning business. 
We are playing the Savings-Led TransformationTM game, and while we win business, we 
don't have to sacrifice profitability of those deals because we are using this as a leverage. 
This naturally means that there is certain amount of de-linkage between revenue growth 
and headcount growth, which, again, we've been seeing for the last few quarters. How 
much of that correlation we stabilize at, I think, it's a little too early to say.  
So instead of trying to run our supply chain with the old-school mode of onboarding a 
certain number of people, keeping them on the bench and then consuming the bench, we 
are being a little bit more dynamic. I think I mentioned this in the last quarter or two as 
well. We are running a rolling 90-day forecast and trying to meet that supply chain. So, 
utilization is not an input metric, but it's an outcome of where we end up. And that's the 
model you can expect us to follow over the next two or three quarters for sure. 
Manik Taneja 
Thank you, Nitin, and wish you all the best. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats, Nitin, on a very strong deal win yet 
again in this quarter. So, Nitin, my first question was on the overall demand environment, 
on which you just alluded to in the last couple of questions. We've continued to win very 
strong deals, but overall, at the macro level are there any positive or negative changes in 
the macro environment in the overall business environment from when we spoke last 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
time in July? And secondly, we know that the H1B visa is not going to impact our 
business much because of the very limited dependency that we have on them, but did 
that event actually create another layer of uncertainty into the system, which might have 
or might in future lead to some more, let's say, delay in deals or some more uncertainty 
that is already there. Your thoughts on that would be really helpful. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Sure. So, I think on the macro, it's kind of the new normal. There is volatility based on 
events that come out of the left field. H1B is a good example of that, which wasn't 
expected, but eventually became an issue about a month or so ago. Client behaviour at 
this point is less macro dependent, but more dependent on what is the proposition that 
they're trying to drive. Efficiency and savings are still very much a theme that is driving 
a lot of conversations, but it's not in isolation of the transformation needs. So if you can 
bundle a construct where the client spend, let's say, at the very least is stable, but with a 
slight marginal growth bias on overall tech spend, but the nature of the spend, the shape 
of the spend, is undergoing a big change because they're moving -- they're wanting to 
move a lot more spend into new technology areas and continue to find efficiency in the 
way they run their operations. So, I think if you align to that macro theme, there's a lot 
of business to be done.  
In terms of overall geopolitics and macroeconomics, it's very, very hard to call. So, we 
are still very much in the mode where we will run the business on a micro basis and not 
worry about what the macro leads us to. And if the macro changes and becomes tail-
winded, then that's a risk that we'll all be happy to take as the upside shows up.  
On the specific question around H1B, I think there are two ways to think about it. Firstly, 
does it impact the business short term, the answer is not really. It's also not what it was 
feared to be when it was announced. So, there's been a fairly significant slimming down 
of that proclamation, which is obviously good news, at least from an operations level. 
Not so sure about the sentiments amongst the Street, but at least at an operational level, 
seems to be good news. We haven't really seen much activity from clients on this because 
they're all, again, mature buyers. They have their own centres; they have their own H1B 
workforce. I think it will result in one of three things or maybe many of these three 
things. Firstly, it means that we have to make our supply chain more resilient to H1B 
over the next 24 months, which, I think, at our scale is far easier for us to do, given 
especially the supply environment in the US for white collar and tech talent is fairly tail-
winded. So, we don't have a supply constraint, so to speak, given the number of available 
people, not necessarily with exact skill matches, but at least the STEM talent is pretty 
fairly available both local and H1B. Second, we can also make a case that this is likely 
to globalize the work even more. So, we don't have to be dependent on mobility of 
people. We'll have to depend on mobility of work. Third, which, I think, is my very 
strong belief, this will also pull forward, faster automation and application of AI, so you 
can eliminate dependence on local resident workforces in client geographies. So that's 
the way we are thinking about it, and that's the way we're executing to it. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. That was really helpful. My second question was on the deal pipeline. You 
mentioned the deal pipeline remains very strong, and that is despite the very strong deal 
wins that we have reported. Is the deal pipeline strong across the verticals? And 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
specifically, in BFSI also, are we seeing a very good deal pipeline which might lead us 
to good deal wins and thereafter maybe good revenue conversion in the coming quarters? 
Nitin Rakesh 
Yeah. I think we gave a detailed breakdown of the pipeline across BFS and non-BFS. 
So, if you look at the earnings deck that we just referenced to, the deal pipeline has 
actually grown quite broad-based. There are two cuts available. One is BFS, non-BFS. 
Just to give you data points, BFS pipeline growth is 45% YoY, and non-BFS pipeline 
growth is 139% YoY. If I look at top 10 clients, pipeline growth is 122% YoY and non-
top 10 clients is 89% YoY. So, I think it's pretty broad-based across geographies, 
verticals, client segments as well as across all the tribe archetypes. So, I think it's a pretty 
healthy place to be from a pipeline standpoint, and we are very, very pleased with that, 
but of course, the focus is on converting it. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. That's great to hear. Just one last question. Aravind, could I just maybe pick your 
brain a little bit more on the negative margin for the Logistics vertical? So, this 
investment that you spoke about, which led to this negative margin, is it some kind of a 
delivery capability investment, which is built to enhance our capabilities across the 
vertical? Is it a client-specific investment? Any colour on the nature of investment, and 
by when do you expect it to reverse? You mentioned next quarter, we should be back to 
the positive territory, but will we be back just to the single-digit positive territory or will 
we be back to the normal gross margins of 20%+ that we used to report in the vertical? 
That would be really helpful. 
Aravind Viswanathan 
It's client-specific, to answer your question. It is about offering some transformational 
capabilities to the client. That's the nature of the investment. I don't want to get into a 
guidance of margins at a vertical level. We've kind of given a view in terms of where we 
will operate at a company level, and I think that should give you comfort in terms of 
where we will be. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. But the investment phase is over, or the investment phase might continue in 
coming quarters also? 
Aravind Viswanathan 
No, like I told in one of the earlier questions, so you will see it get back closer to 
normalcy. The specific investment was timely, and that is kind of done. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. Great. Thank you so much for taking my questions and wish you all the best. 
Moderator 
Next question is from line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to ask a question on AI. How much of the 
work that you do is cost optimization related versus innovation or growth-related on the 
AI side? 
Nitin Rakesh 
Again, I think I mentioned this earlier that given the nature of our client base, which is 
the top end of the enterprise segment, for the most part, there is a fairly high degree of 
maturity in clients when it comes to identifying the levers for efficiency and cost 
optimization. If I go to a customer with a proposition in Banking or Insurance or Travel, 
and that has an efficiency play, it's unlikely that the efficiency play can be delineated 
from the transformation play. So that's why the North Star for almost all of our deals is 
what we are calling Savings-Led TransformationTM where we will find efficiency, but 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
we will also find the ability to change the way they are operating and potentially help 
them operate better, faster time to market, time to resolution, availability, velocity, 
throughput, sprint volume, error rates etc. All of these metrics are important metrics, and 
clients are looking at in an efficiency discussions. And the best lever we have today is 
to embed some form of technology, AI or not, in driving that efficiency. So, it's very 
uniform across the board. Now, when it comes to use of AI for innovation versus 
efficiency, I think, again, they are two sides of the same coin because, if I'm giving you 
the ability to drop code 30%, 40%, 50% faster than you used to, that is innovation in 
itself because we are deploying a whole new tool chain with CI/CD pipelines embedded 
into IDEs. I talked about the NeoCruxTM platform that is embedded into the IDE and 
helps you accelerate the SDLC transformation process. So, I think it's two sides of the 
same coin. It's unlikely unless you're using something from a very tactical standpoint 
where you want to eliminate use of paper or automate controls, where it is much more 
operating efficiency, less innovation, but for the most part, I think that they're quite well 
bundled together. 
Girish Pai 
The next question I have is still on AI. Everybody seems to have a platform strategy 
now. So how does one vendor differentiate versus the other or how do customers 
differentiate one vendor from the other? 
Nitin Rakesh 
Great question. Again, going back to the segments we are operating in, I think the way 
of selling is definitely changing. It is not only about changing the proposition nature 
where you have to bundle a solution that has elements of tech. Clients are also asking us 
to not just show me on a PPT or tell me but actually show me in a live sandbox 
environment in many cases. So, think of this as ‘RFPs are turning into hackathons’, and 
that's their yardstick of who can deliver on what they're promising versus not. So, it has 
in a way become a lot more about the ability to showcase through execution. MVPs, 
forward deployed engineers, seed teams, proof of architectures are all becoming part of 
sophisticated client RFPs. I think this trend will percolate to almost all verticals and all 
clients, but many clients have already started adopting these approaches and techniques. 
That's the best way to differentiate.  
The other way to differentiate is through the strength of the platform itself. Taking a 
broader view, thinking of problems that clients may or may not have thought of, creating 
assets for them that they can use in perpetuity like the intelligence platform that I just 
talked about in my comments are things that differentiate you because clients are, at this 
point, also very willing to listen to new ideas and new ways of doing business. So, I don't 
think there's one thing that differentiates you, but it's a combination of these things. And 
of course, when you're in an RFP process or when they use third-party advisors or when 
they're looking at specialist people to help them, big providers, we go through a 
benchmarking process that is also a good input to us in our own platform development 
cycle. 
Girish Pai 
Okay. My last question is regarding AI-related hallucinations, and how do vendors 
protect themselves in contracts where there could potentially be problems that could 
come up? And do you commercially protect yourself when customer contracts are 
signed? 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
Nitin Rakesh 
Again, we use a pretty market standard process. Since we are not providing base LLMs, 
in a way, there is a pass-through assumption that the choice of platform or LLM is what 
the customer is making, but the biggest protection for us always is a human in the loop. 
None of these are out-of-the-box, black box solutions. They will always require 
intelligent engineering to be accompanied. They will always have experts that will 
actually curate the process. Even if a process is 60%, 70% automated, there are definitely 
checks and balances that have been built into it, but contractually, yes, we do protect 
ourselves. 
Girish Pai 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar 
Hi, good morning. My question is for Aravind. Aravind, I again wanted to understand 
the interplay between contract acquisition cost, contract assets and liabilities. Seems like 
despite very strong deal wins, the other non-current assets are kind of stable while current 
assets actually declined. So maybe if you can just again explain, this is still new for us, 
so please bear with us, why the other non-current assets have not increased. Is it simply 
because this time the acquisition cost was low for the deals that we have won, or is it 
that the amortization that happened of the previous contract acquisition cost, that offset 
the increase, and then how has the other things moved? Any colour on those things will 
be helpful, thank you. 
Aravind Viswanathan 
Sure. So just to be clear, not all deals come with a contract acquisition cost. And you are 
right, the deals that we had won in the current quarter do not come with the kind of 
structures that we saw for the deals in Q1. So, this is very specific to the deal, specific 
to the customer. And there are multiple dimensions that go into it. So, to presume that a 
direct linear equation between contract acquisition cost and TCV may not play out that 
way. So that is one element on contract acquisition cost. So, the deals that we kind of 
won in the current quarter do not have a meaningful kind of investment from a CAC 
standpoint. From a contract asset standpoint, that, to me, is just the nature of projects. 
As you know, our fixed price has gone up substantially and certain fixed price unbilled 
goes into contract assets, T&M unbilled goes into debtors. So that's more a change of 
mix, and that is what is reflected in the financials. 
Abhishek Kumar 
So maybe one quick follow-up. The DSOs, the debtor days that we have shown of 82 
days, does that also include unbilled or this is just billed days? 
Aravind Viswanathan 
So, the DSO that we showed on the deck is 89 days. It's gone up by five days. That 
includes a combination of debtors, unbilled, and contract assets. So, it includes 
everything. 
Abhishek Kumar 
Okay. Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on strong execution. First question is about the 
new AI platform. So, I just want to understand, let's say, adoption curve. How many 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
clients we have seen, let's say, adopting our platform, how it is changing, whether it 
changes stickiness with the relationships and whether it also leads to multi-tower deal 
construct compared to, let's say, one or two services which we provide to clients? And 
any implication on revenue conversion, the way the platform gets constructed in the 
overall deal structure kind of thing. That is question one. Second question is on deal 
pipeline to deal intake to revenue conversion. Are we seeing any changes because of the 
way AI is getting embedded, so AI-led transformation and all those things, whether any 
changes to it? Third question, which is slightly related, but we still focus on relative 
performance. I think considering the H1 deal intake, by when you expect our absolute 
performance commentary to be made absolute rather than relative? Because macro is 
unknown, but deal intake is known, pipeline is known. So, if you can provide some 
colour about absolute performance, how you expect H2 versus H1 kind of commentary. 
And last question is about two investments: Locate and Aokah minority investment. If 
you can provide some detail around it. Thanks. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Why don't you start with the last question, and then I will address the first three. 
Aravind Viswanathan 
So, on the minority investment we have done a press release, we did a small minority 
stake in a company called Aokah, which is part of our GCC strategy. So, we've given out 
a press release on that. That is one element to it. The other one, Locate, is, again, part of 
a customer consolidation deal. We've done a couple of these structures in the past, and 
they've been quite good for us. So that's something which we are getting a deal where 
we are consolidating this vendor and getting the business from the client. So that's the 
nature of Locate and Aokah. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Let me address the question on absolute versus relative. I think until we make a structural 
shift from giving relative guidance to absolute guidance, I think we'll continue to give 
you directional guidance on relative performance. It's just the philosophy we've followed 
for the last many years, and we'll stay with that for now. I think there is enough and more 
availability of information both to you and the rest of the Street to be able to extrapolate 
some of this. I think it should be pretty comforting to you to see all the details - both on 
pipeline as well as order book.  
The question around NeoIPTM and the cycle of the deal, in general, it has given us pretty 
strong confidence in our ability to construct those propositions and then take them to 
market. And that's very much embedded into the increase in pipeline and increasing deal 
wins, which gives us increased competitiveness, sharpens our messaging to customers, 
aligns us to outcomes that they want us to drive for them, and creates an element of risk 
sharing where we potentially have the opportunity to even see some upsides. Like any 
other change, this will be an evolution process, much as much we would like it to be a 
revolution, only because there is an element of change management on both client side, 
client buying behaviour, client contracts, client sourcing as well as our own people 
adoption, both at a GTM level and an execution level. Part of the reason why we are 
standardizing the whole approach through the launch of the NeoIPTM platform, and we 
standardize these multiple agents is because we want to make sure that we are able to 
accelerate this and do it at scale. We have multiple clients where we've already 
incorporated this. In many cases, it's live inside of the client environment. In many cases, 

  Mphasis Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
it's live in a sandbox environment, and we will scale it across the enterprises. Part of the 
commentary I gave around TCV to deal conversion, sometimes it does take anywhere 
from one to two quarters to actually get this up and running, but then it's a seven-year 
deal, six-year deal, five-year deal. I think that's time worth spending in getting the 
pipelines right, especially around data. So even the example I gave on Insurance, we are 
very much in the phase where it's a two-quarter cycle for us to actually get this up and 
running inside of the client environment.  
But in general, it is definitely increasing our competitiveness, sharpening our message, 
and giving us the propensity to win larger deals that are definitely multi-tower because 
that's what you also asked as well. So, it's not just across applications and infra, but even 
within applications, multiple services around, not just app dev or maintenance, but 
application refactoring, application modernization, cloud operations, finops operations, 
and so on and so forth. I think it's a pretty comprehensive set of opportunities that we 
are trying to drive. Obviously, deal-making gets more complex because now you have 
more variables to deal with, but that's very much, as I mentioned, part of the journey that 
we are on. 
Dipesh Mehta 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question. I now hand the floor to Mr. 
Nitin Rakesh for closing comments. 
Nitin Rakesh 
Thank you, Nirav. Again, in closing, all I would like to say is we appreciate your time 
and your interest in the company. We are very excited about the launch of NeoIP TM 
because it sets the stage for our next phase of innovation, both within our company as 
well as with our clients. Happy with our early investments even in quantum that we 
announced earlier this week as well. So, thank you again to all our teams who are working 
hard to deliver this, and to all of you for being an integral part of this transformation 
journey with us. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Mphasis Limited, that concludes this conference. If 
you have any further questions, please reach out to the Mphasis Investor Relations team 
at investor.relations@mphasis.com. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
  
