 
 
Regd. Office: Marathon Futurex, A Wing, 25th Floor, 
Mafatlal Mills Compound, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (E), Mumbai - 400 013. 
Phone: 91-22-2302 3333 • Fax: 91-22-2300 2036 • CIN:  L67120MH1997PLC112443 
Website: www.cdslindia.com 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
CDSL/CS/NSE/AJ/2025/297                                             
             November 06, 2025 
 
The Manager,  
Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051  
 
Symbol: CDSL 
ISIN: INE736A01011 
 
Sub:  Analyst/Investor Call/Conference Call held on November 03, 2025. 
 
Re:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is with reference to our intimation dated October 27, 2025, for scheduling of 
Conference Call on Monday, November 03, 2025. In this regard, please find attached the 
transcript of the aforesaid Conference Call.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company 
www.cdslindia.com 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Nilay Shah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS No.: A20586 
 
Encl: As above 
 
NILAY 
RAJENDRA 
SHAH
Digitally signed by 
NILAY RAJENDRA 
SHAH 
Date: 2025.11.06 
19:23:15 +05'30'

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Central Depository Services Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 03, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: Mr. Nehal Vora–Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer– Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited  
 
Mr. Girish Amesara – Chief Financial Officer – 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
Mr. Sunil Alvares – Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer – CDSL Ventures Limited 
 
Mr. Latesh Shetty – Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer – Centrico Insurance Repository 
Limited 
Mr. Kamlendra Srivastava – Managing Director & 
Chief Executive Officer – Countrywide Commodity 
Repository Limited  
 
Mr. Swaroop Gothi, Financial Controller 
 
MODERATOR: 
Mr. Amit Chandra – HDFC Securities 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to CDSL Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by HDFC Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, please note that CDSL does not provide specific revenue or earnings 
guidance. Anything said on this call, which reflects CDSL's outlook for the future or which could 
be construed as forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that 
the company faces. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Chandra. 
Amit Chandra: 
Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of HDFC Securities, we welcome 
you all to the CDSL Quarter 2 FY26 Earnings Call. Today, we have with us the management 
team of CDSL, represented by Mr. Nehal Vora, MD and CEO; Mr. Girish Amesara, Chief 
Financial Officer; and other senior leaders from the management team. We will start with a brief 
overview of the quarter by Mr. Nehal Vora, and then we will open up the floor for the question-
and-answer session. Thank you, and over to you, Nehal sir. 
Nehal Vora: 
So first of all, thank you so much, Amit. Very good afternoon, and welcome, everyone. I hope 
each one of you and your loved ones are safe and healthy. Thank you for joining us today to 
discuss CDSL's financial results for the second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
We posted a detailed investor presentation on our website for your reference. 
 
I'm joined by the CDSL Group's leadership team. Let me start with the industry highlights and 
then take you through some of the key aspects of our performance. The combined average daily 
turnover at BSE and NSE for the quarter 2 ended FY '26 was around INR1 lakh crore. It is about 
18% less than the September 2024 quarter as per the SEBI Bulletin. I am also glad to report that 
we crossed 20 crore demat accounts as an industry.  
CDSL saw more than 65 lakh accounts opened in the quarter, bringing CDSL's total number of 
demat accounts to 16.5 crore, maintaining our 80% market share. This quarter also marked the 
launch of the nomination Phase 2, a feature designed to simplify and strengthen the nomination 
process for our investors.  
This enhancement is part of our ongoing commitment to investor protection and ease of access 
We believe that enabling investors to secure their holdings with clarity and convenience is a 
small but meaningful step towards long-term financial empowerment. Secondly, investor 
education continues to be the cornerstone of our mission.  

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 3 of 12 
 
In collaboration with SEBI and other market infrastructure institutions, we actively participated 
in the World Investor Week, a global initiative to promote financial literacy and responsible 
investing. Under SEBI's guidance, we also launched the SEBI vs SCAM campaign, which aimed 
at raising awareness about fraud prevention and to empower investors to make informed 
decisions. These efforts are aligned with our belief that an informed investor is a protected 
investor.  
I am glad to share that in quarter 2 of FY '26, we have reported a total income of INR290 crores 
and a net profit of INR128 crores. The CFO, Girish Amesara, will take you through the detailed 
numbers shortly. 
 
As we reflect on the quarter, our focus remains on building infrastructure that is not only scalable 
and secure, but also inclusive and investor first. We are prioritizing our #AatmanirbharInvestor-
focused approach while striving for innovation, resulting in consistent and sustained financial 
and business performance.  
I would like to reaffirm that CDSL's focus remains on enhancing the capital market ecosystem 
by enhancing efficiency, trust and transparency. The market with its ebbs and flows continues 
to support the Indian economy, and we owe all the progress to a strong ecosystem who put their 
constant faith in us.  
My appreciation and gratitude to our stakeholders, the SEBI, RBI and all the other regulators, 
the depository participants, investors, issuers and other market participants, the shareholders and 
last but not the least, the employees. Thank you, and over to you, Girish. 
Girish Amesara: 
Thank you, Nehal. Good afternoon to all of you. Speaking on consolidated quarterly 
performance, the total income for the quarter ended September 2025 is at INR341 crores as 
against INR359 crores for the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The net profit for the 
quarter ended September is at INR140 crores as against INR162 crores for the corresponding 
quarter of the previous year. 
 
On a half yearly performance on a consolidated basis, the total income for the 6 months ended 
September 2025 is at INR637 crores as against INR645 crores for the corresponding 6 months. 
The net profit for the 6 months is at INR242 crores as against INR296 crores for the 
corresponding 6 months.  
Speaking on stand-alone half yearly performance, the total income for the 6 months ended 
September 2025 is at INR602 crores as against INR542 crores for the corresponding 6 months. 
The net profit for the 6 months is at INR280 crores as against INR276 crores for the 
corresponding 6 months. 
 
On a quarterly standalone basis for the quarter September 2025 is at INR290 crores as against 
INR324 crores for the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The net profit for the quarter 
ended September is at INR128 crores as against INR171 crores for the corresponding quarter of 
the previous year.  

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Kindly note that during September 2024 quarter and June 2025 quarter, our reported profit had 
included a significant contribution from dividend received from our subsidiary, amounting to 
INR47.5 crores and INR62 crores, respectively, for the same quarters. The dividend has 
positively impacted our total profits for the quarter. In comparison, the profit reported for 
September 2025 quarter has entirely been generated from our core operations and other regular 
business activity. With this, I will request Sunil to take us through CVL numbers. Thank you. 
Over to you, Sunil. 
Sunil Alvares: 
Good afternoon, everyone. So far as CVL's results are concerned for the half year ended FY '26 
versus half year ended FY '25, CVL had a total income of INR92.84 crores against INR144.41 
crores. The total expenditure was INR57.01 crores as against INR55.97 crores. PBT was 
INR35.82 crores versus INR88.44 crores for the previous half year. And the profit after tax was 
INR27.09 crores versus INR66.48 as compared to the previous year. 
With this, I hand over the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Lalit Deo with Equirus Securities. 
Lalit Deo: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So just two questions. Firstly, we have seen a... 
Nehal Vora: 
Just one minute. Just can you maybe speak up a little bit? Your voice is a little soft, cannot be 
heard clearly. 
Lalit Deo: 
Is this better? 
Nehal Vora: 
Yes, it's better. 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes, sir. So just two questions. So like in this quarter, we have seen a strong revival in this IPO 
and corporate action income. So just wanted to understand like within this two, what would be 
the split between IPO led income as well as the corporate action income? Like, any rough any 
qualitative aspect on the same will also work? 
 
And secondly, like, in the CVL business on the KYC, so like one of our competitors has 
highlighted that they have also started receiving newer KYCs from the brokerage clients as well. 
So just wanted to understand like how are you seeing the overall competition landscape over 
there? 
Nehal Vora: 
Yes. Okay. The first number, we don't give it out in the public domain. So, you'll have to take it 
as a consolidated number. This is our practice. On the second question, I'll ask Sunil to answer. 
Sunil Alvares: 
Yes. I mean if you are referring to KFintech, they have just started operation. And we have not 
really seen any impact as on date. I believe they have also stated that some of the Fintech brokers 
have joined them.  I hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Amit Chandra with HDFC Securities. 

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Sir, my first question is on the annual issuer charges. So obviously, we have seen strong growth 
Y-o-Y, but on a sequential basis, it has been almost flat. This is despite sequential strong growth 
in terms of the number of issuers and the ISINs that we have, and we have also added a lot of 
around 1,400 unlisted companies as well. So, has there been a sharp drop in the number of folios?  
And if you can also break up in terms of the listed and unlisted revenue for the annual issuer 
charges. So that would be first. And second, last time, you also highlighted that there has been 
some chances in terms of taking a hike in terms of the annual issuer charges, wherein it is 
required to fund the technology cost, because technology cost has been rising, and there is still 
a lot of areas where the MII has to invest. So is it a consideration in terms of an area where the 
regulator can take it up and allow the annual issuer charges to go up? 
Nehal Vora: 
So, I'll take the second question first and ask the CFO, Girish, to answer the first question. The 
second question is, it’s again, I have specifically mentioned. In fact, I remember stating that we 
generally don't disclose our conversation with SEBI. 
But as has been happening in the past, periodically, the charges are increased. So as and when 
the discussion fructifies and it is a necessary advice that would have to be issued by SEBI to 
enable the increase in the charges, I'll ask Girish to answer the first question. 
Girish Amesara: 
So, Amit, the annual issuer charges normally are raised in the first quarter of the financial year 
to all the companies which are admitted till 31st of March based on the process that we follow 
every year, which is as per the SEBI circular. 
Now having said that, the incremental revenue that would accrue to CDSL would be on account 
of new admitted companies, which is in line with what we had achieved during last quarter also. 
So, in this quarter, we have admitted 3,593 unlisted companies, and that has accrued the relevant 
income in our annual issuer charge. I hope that will answer your question. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And sir, just a follow-up on this. In terms of the unlisted market share, if you can state 
what is the unlisted market share that we have currently? And we also now can issue the ISIN, 
can there be an increase in the unlisted market share in terms of number of companies we are 
adding versus the competition? 
Nehal Vora: 
So, the market share in unlisted is about 30% to 32%. The ISIN system is under testing between 
the two depositories. As soon as it is made live, we are hopeful that then there will be a clear 
level playing field across both depositories. So, we'll have to wait and watch. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And sir, my last question is on the technology and the employee cost. Obviously, it has 
been growing up every quarter. And in this quarter, the trend has been this, like similar to what 
we have seen earlier. 
 
So, any kind of I know you don't give the forward-looking numbers, but in terms of the 
technology cost, whether the similar pace of growth will continue, or we can see some 
normalization because it has been, I think, the third or fourth year where we are seeing very high 
kind of a growth in the technology cost? So, is there any point where we can assume that most 
of the investments are behind, or still a lot of things are like pending from our end? 

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Nehal Vora: 
So, I think, really, Amit, I have said this multiple times, we are constantly in an endeavor that 
human resource and technology are the two core inputs or reasons for our business and creating 
the value proposition on both sides is very, very critical. So, we have been embarking on a 
journey to ensure that our technology sophistication and our technology advancement would 
reach a state which ensures that it creates that value propositions for all the new players which 
are coming in. 
 
The recent survey report which SEBI has published on the investors shows that there is a 
significant upside, which is possible of people wanting to enter the securities market. And 
therefore, it is but natural that CDSL would embark on a journey to ensure more proactive – in 
early investments in technology because technology takes time to be built, tested and then be 
rolled out. 
 
Besides that, there are a number of regulatory initiatives and newer initiatives in terms of new 
circulars and products which are getting rolled out. So, all this will require necessary investments 
to be made into technology, and that has been our core driver, both the human resource and the 
technology. 
So basically, the environment is very, very vibrant and changing. And CDSL has to keep in sync 
with that, to ensure it continues to create the value proposition for all the stakeholders. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Madhukar Ladha with Nuvama Wealth. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So first, I wanted to understand on the online data 
charges thing. I think one of the competitors also made a remark which implied that the number 
of fetches a mutual fund would require to do from a KRA would reduce. I did not really 
understand the full context and what's happening over there. So, I wanted to understand what's 
the discussion and why if the fetches would reduce from KRA agencies? So that's my first 
question. 
 
Second, on the annual issuer charges, I wanted to understand the split between onetime charges. 
So, I believe that you do charge a onetime sort of processing fee when you admit unlisted 
companies. So how much is that? And what is the onetime charges that you have charged in this 
quarter?  
And also the listed companies, which are getting sort of listed in this year.  During this year, we 
are seeing a lot of listings happening. I wanted to understand in what form I understand that how 
the revenue will build up for these companies in FY '27. But I wanted to understand in FY '26, 
how do we build them? So yes, these would be my two questions? 
Nehal Vora: 
So, on the first question before I ask Sunil to really reply. See, any change will require some 
kind of a circular from SEBI. And I think it would be most prudent to wait for the SEBI circular 
to come in before really assessing the impact on whether the fetch will reduce or not reduce, et 
cetera. So this has been my experience that it's best to wait for the SEBI circular before you kind 
of come to what would be the potential impact. But I'll ask Sunil to kind of add in to that question. 

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Sunil Alvares: 
See, today also, if you see that the AMCs fetch a particular PAN only once during the lifetime 
of the investors. So, if you are saying they are going to reduce their PAN fetch, you're saying 
they will not fetch any PAN at all. I don't think that would be possible. Secondly, if you see the 
RTA circular, the AMCs or the RTAs have to maintain a Chinese wall between the RTA 
operations of each AMCs, which they are handling. So that effectively means the RTAs cannot 
share the KYC amongst themselves, unless somebody is violating the guidelines. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it, sir. Got it. 
Nehal Vora: 
On that second question, I'll ask Girish to answer, second and third. 
Girish Amesara: 
So, in terms of unlisted issuer charges, in this quarter, we have a value of INR3.53 crores. And 
in terms of application processing, we have a number of INR5.39 crores. And this is based on 
3,593 companies admitted during this quarter. With respect to the listed securities, which upon 
the IPO, your question was how it will span out on issuer charges.  
So, if the investor holds the security throughout the year, then based on the ISIN being there in 
that particular demat account, the annual issuer charge will be decided. Now it's an average of 
full 1 year. So, depending upon the holding of that particular security in the ISIN, the necessary 
issuer charge would be calculated. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Yes, sir, I understand that, but that will be applicable for FY '27. I wanted to understand in FY 
'26, let's say... 
Girish Amesara: 
In FY '26, again, the same formula applies, okay? If there is any holding being in that particular 
ISIN and demat account, then it will be counted in the issuer income value. In addition to that, 
on the corporate action charge, when a company completes an IPO and securities are credited in 
the investor account, we earn the corporate action charge in the first year and from  Second year 
onwards the issuer starts paying annual issuer charge. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay. So, first year, it's in FY '26, you get the corporate action fees, which is that INR11 per 
folio. 
Girish Amesara: 
INR10 per credit. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Yes. INR10 per credit, that charge. And then from FY '27, you follow the standard formula? 
Girish Amesara: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Devish Agarwal with IIFL Capital. 
Devish Agarwal: 
Firstly, sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers. A few things that I wanted to understand. 
First, a clarification one. In annual issuer charges, you mentioned two revenues. One was 
INR3.53 crores, which you said has come from unlisted and INR5.39 crores, which was the 
processing. So, this processing will include only unlisted, or this is unlisted and listed both? 
Girish Amesara: 
Unlisted. 

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Devish Agarwal: 
Okay. So, the total unlisted is this INR3.53 crores plus 5.39 crores? 
Girish Amesara: 
Yes. 
Devish Agarwal: 
Right. And sir, within the transaction charges, how much would be the pledge income? 
Girish Amesara: 
So, pledge income is INR5.09 crores in this quarter. 
Devish Agarwal: 
Okay. And what was this, sir, last quarter, 1Q? 
Girish Amesara: 
INR5.05 crores. 
Devish Agarwal: 
Similarly, sir, could you also share the breakup for eCAS, e-voting and e-AGM, this other which 
are part of your other revenues? What was that in total? 
Girish Amesara: 
Sure. The other income is at INR59 crores, which consists of consolidated account statement 
revenue of INR12 crores, e-voting income of INR20 crores, investment income of INR21.46 
crores and other operating revenue of INR6 crores. 
Devish Agarwal: 
Right, sir. And sir, if we see there has been some little restatement in your KYC income, which 
has been restated upwards for the previous quarters also. Could you explain what reclassification 
have been done? 
Swaroop Gothi: 
So earlier in our presentation, we were providing the only online data charges on CDSL Ventures 
Limited. Now we have included other KRA income as well in this category, like KYC income, 
esign income and other. 
Devish Agarwal: 
Sorry, sir. 
Girish Amesara: 
Earlier, it was in other income category. 
Devish Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. But what was this line item, sir? 
Sunil Alvares: 
So basically, in the CDSL Ventures, we handle multiple projects apart from the KRA. So, one 
is the online data charges. The other income pertains to the other product i,e., projects what we 
are doing like eSign, eKYC/CKYC, GSP services and all the other products. 
Devish Agarwal: 
So now these have been shown under KYC? 
Sunil Alvares: 
Yes. 
Girish Amesara: 
So, it's an improvement. What we believe is that we should be constantly improving ourselves. 
And accordingly, we have tried to present all KRA related revenue. Rather than including other 
non-significant part in other income, we have started including all KRA related income into one 
portion. I hope that suffices your question. 
Devish Agarwal: 
Sure, sir. That does explain. And sir, one last question. If you see our market share on 
incremental demat account additions, right, it has been coming down for the last two, three 
quarters. If you see, it peaked somewhere around 3Q FY '25, when we had 93% market share. 

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 9 of 12 
 
And this number in this quarter has come down to 82%. So, any particular reason that you can 
highlight where we've been losing market share? 
Nehal Vora: 
We've not been losing market. See, again, you have to look at the absolute numbers. Percentage 
is basically a relative number. So, what is the total accounts which have been opened?, you have 
to see the absolute numbers which are getting opened between quarter-to-quarter. It has steadily 
been on an increase. 
 
And basically, I think that percentage is only an indication. It is not something which is showing 
a downward trend as a percentage doesn't mean that the number of accounts opened are going 
down. If the number of accounts opened are going down, then it's a potential area of concern. 
 
But see, again, I have always stated this in various investor calls that this company is finally a 
market infrastructure company, like a road, you have to look at a little more medium-term and 
long-term perspective. Quarter-to-quarter is kind of a snapshot, but these are all a culmination 
of various market conditions, the external environment, etcetera. So, I think you need to look at 
it from that particular perspective. 
Devish Agarwal: 
So, sir, if we would try to understand, say, for example, among your top 20 clients who 
contributes a maximum in terms of new account creations, is there any client which was earlier 
exclusively working with CDSL and now is working with both the depositories? Has that 
changed among your top 20 clients? 
Nehal Vora: 
We don't give any client-specific information. It's a culmination of all this. Once again, I would 
really urge you, if you look at the numbers on quarter-to-quarter. On the first quarter, we had 
opened 56 lakh demat accounts. Quarter 2, it has been 66 lakh demat account. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha with Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, my question is related to your tax rate. So, for the first half, it looks to be around 27.4% for 
the consol tax rate. So, is it fair to assume that in second half, your tax rate will be lower so that 
in full year, it will be around 25-ish? So that's my first question. And second question with 
respect to data keeping is that if you can quantify your impairment cost in the current quarter, 
that will be useful? 
Girish Amesara: 
Sure. So Sanketh, the tax rate of CDSL, we are at 25.17%, consisting of 22% base rate and then 
surcharge and education cess. Having said that, when we look quarter-on-quarter, our average 
tax rate would range from 22% to 25%, depending upon various kind of impact of the deferred 
tax assets or deferred tax liability. I hope that suffices your query. And with respect to data set, 
the debtors’ provision is at INR5.07 crores. 
Sanketh Godha: 
INR5.07 crores. Okay, sir. And second question is that last quarter, you mentioned that your 
number of folios were INR22.76 crores. So, any incremental growth in that number in the current 
quarter compared to the previous quarter? And another thing we just want to understand is on 
Insurance Repository. See, last year, given in the annual report, Insurance Repository revenue 
looks to be around INR8 crores for the full year.  

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 10 of 12 
 
And last year, many insurance companies probably started opening demat accounts or Insurance 
Repository accounts. So still there is not a meaningful growth. So just wanted to understand 
revenue growth outlook and how basically, how do you want to scale this business, what kind 
of market share you think and what kind of tie-ups you have made so that we can see a decent 
trajectory in the Insurance Repository part? 
Girish Amesara: 
So Sanketh, on the folio count that we had provided in the first quarter, it was INR3,326 lakhs 
and what the number that you said, it was of previous year. And normally, when we annually 
issue our invoicing in the first quarter, that number remains constant throughout the year. And 
with respect to the insurance-related question, we'll request Latesh Shetty to respond. 
Latesh Shetty: 
Yes, Sanket. Latesh Shetty here from Centrico. With reference to the current half yearly closing, 
we have signed up two new customers. LIC integration is expected to go live in November. So 
we expect some numbers to increase from there. As far as the numbers of insurance accounts 
opening is concerned, we are actually reflecting the industry numbers. although we do not count 
the premium numbers.  
But if you look at the number of policies issued from the IRDA results, there has been actually 
a decrease in the number of policies opened. But still, we have shown a 30% growth vis-a-vis 
last year. And we expect that the online portal opening, which we have done, should contribute 
more. 
 
So just to give you a perspective, there are three channels from where the business comes. One 
is from the insurance companies. Second is directly from the customers. And the third channel 
is the broking channel. So we have opened the second channel, first channel was always there. 
The insurance companies’ business has been our basic revenue model. 
 
We have opened the online portal 6 months back, and we have seen a steady trickling of numbers 
from there. The third broking channel is which we are working on, and we expect that the future 
growth should come from the broking channel. I hope it answers your question. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes, sir. But last and a follow-up to this. So, in insurance, in your view, large part of the growth 
will come from life rather than from general insurance companies. Is it a fair assumption to 
make? 
Latesh Shetty: 
Sorry, we do not give breakup, but please come again with your question. What is the question 
I didn't… 
Sanketh Godha: 
No, I was not asking for the breakup, sir. I'm just saying from an Insurance Repository business 
point of view, for the industry as a whole, that the main source of revenue will be life rather than 
general insurance business. Is it a fair assumption to make? 
Nehal Vora: 
No, I don't think so. That will have to be seen as to how the industry evolves. And it depends on 
what is the regulatory formulation also, which happens. Again, drawing the same analogy that 
on the road, we prepare roads. Now whether there are scooters or trucks or cars, that is really 
irrespective. The intent is to create value propositions for all the vehicles which are coming on 
that. 

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rohan Narkar with Helios Capital. 
Rohan Narkar: 
So, if I just look at the revenue booked under online data charges, traditionally, this has tracked 
the number of new demat accounts. But this quarter, the number of new demat accounts has 
grown about 14-odd percent, but the revenue booked under this line item is up about 30%. So 
could you just provide some color on exactly what's going on and what has changed qualitatively 
under the hood? 
Nehal Vora: 
So, see, when the accounts are opened, that shows the number of new people coming into the 
fold. But there could be multiple transactions which happen, which includes pledge transactions. 
It includes your actual buy and sell transactions. And each one is recorded as a revenue.  
So, it depends on the market activity in that quarter, which determines what the total income 
from that market-driven activity constitutes. There may not be a 1:1 correlation between account 
openings and the income, which is earned out there. And hence, you have to take it in that 
perspective. 
Rohan Narkar: 
Just a follow-up. Wouldn't the pledge income and, say, transaction-related income be booked 
under different lines within the revenue accounts rather than online data charges? 
Girish Amesara: 
Transaction charge and pledge income is depositories income not KRA income. So, it is not 
recorded under the KRA income. 
Rohan Narkar: 
Right. So, my question was the online data charge revenue the revenue booked under online data 
charges is up about 30% quarter-on-quarter. But... 
Nehal Vora: 
Yes. So that's what similarly, like is in the core Depository CDSL and CVL also, it constitutes 
various other activities like fetch and etcetera. I'll ask Sunil to give you more details, but the 
intent is that there may not be a 1:1 correlation between account openings and these online 
charges account openings and market transactions. That is the point I'm trying to make. 
Sunil Alvares: 
You also have to understand that it's only not demat accounts which are getting opened by way 
of KYC, there are mutual fund investors also coming in. So effectively, the KYC, what you see 
the numbers, what you see is getting divided amongst demat accounts and mutual funds. That is 
investors investing only in mutual funds. So, I hope that answers your question. 
Rohan Narkar: 
Okay. So, is it more fetches that are being generated by first-time investors with an AMC that 
has sort of driven the revenue this quarter? 
Sunil Alvares: 
See, we do not actually get into those things, we only track more of the overall fetches which 
are happening, okay, compared to or whether the new investors are fetching. What we normally 
see as a trend is the new investors which come in, the fetches take at least about 6 to 1 year to 
actually start coming. 
Rohan Narkar: 
Okay. Understood. So, this quarter, we've seen an increase in the number of fetches on the KYC 
records. Is that a fair understanding? 
Sunil Alvares: 
Yes, quarter-on-quarter, yes. 

 
Central Depository Services (India) Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2025 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain with Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, just one question on the transaction charge. Some brokers on the website show per 
transaction, while some show per ISIN debit. So, can you clarify whether if there is one ISIN 
debit at the end of the day, the customer is charged only once, or there can be multiple charges 
also possible during the day? 
Nehal Vora: 
See, again, you need to understand that depository charges the depository participants. What the 
DP/ broker, broker is a different activity, and depository participant, different activity. That will 
depend upon the arrangement or the agreement which is between the ultimate customer and the 
intermediary. Both these are put out on the public domain.  
So, the market at large knows that what the depository is charging, what the brokers are charging. 
And it is up to each customer or beneficial owner to choose which DP. And there could be 
various options. DP A may charge different from DP B or DP C or DPD, and it is up to the 
investor to choose which DP it would like to choose for its own self. 
Prayesh Jain: 
But as a depository, you get charged only once when the ISIN gets debited at the end of the day? 
Nehal Vora: 
Not at the end of the day. Each transaction i.e. each settlement. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Each settlement? Okay. Got that. 
Sunil Alvares: 
So effectively, every time there is a debit, there is a charge into the investor. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Got that. That was my only question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Nehal Vora for 
closing comments. 
Nehal Vora: 
I would just like to thank you all for the questions which have been asked. I wish you all a safe 
and secure journey. Thank you once again and see you at the end of the third quarter for the 
investor call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
