 
                                                                                                                               
November 21, 2025 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Corporate Service 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -400051 
NSE Symbol: VENTIVE 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda bldg., P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 544321 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Disclosure under  Regulation  30  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  
India  (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations”) ‐ Transcript  of the Earnings Call held on 
November 14, 2025. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held by 
the Company on November 14, 2025 at 4.00 p.m. in respect of the unaudited financial results 
(standalone and consolidated) for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the aforesaid 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
disclosed 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
i.e. 
www.ventivehospitality.com 
Request you to take same on record. 
Thanking You, 
For Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
Pradip Bhatambrekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A25111 
PRADIP P 
BHATAMBREKAR
Digitally signed by PRADIP P 
BHATAMBREKAR 
Date: 2025.11.21 18:53:45 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
Ventive Hospitality Limited  
Q2 FY 26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RANJIT BATRA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. PARESH BAFNA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. MILIND WADEKAR – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT, FINANCE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ventive Hospitality Limited's 
Q2 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’, and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. The audio 
archive, transcript, financial statements and other documents related to the 
quarter will be made available on the company's website. 
We have with us today the Management Team of Ventive Hospitality Limited, 
represented by Mr. Ranjit Batra - Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Paresh Bafna - 
Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Milind Wadekar - Executive Vice President, 
Finance and Investor Relations. 
Please note that Ventive Hospitality Limited does not provide specific revenue 
or earnings guidance. Anything said on this call, which reflects management's 
outlook of the future or which could be construed as a forward-looking 
statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company 
faces. These risks are outlined in the second slide of the earnings update 
presentation available on the company's website. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranjit Batra. Thank you and over to 
you, Mr. Batra. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Thank you very much. So good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining 
us today. Our second quarter performance marks four consecutive quarters of 
strong and sustained growth since listing. It is deeply gratifying to witness this 
robust execution of our commitments we made at the time of our IPO, and we 
delivered consistent profitable growth across India and Maldives portfolio. 
This was done with disciplined capital allocation and value-accretive active 
asset management. 
Q2 FY26 was another strong quarter for Ventive Hospitality, building upon the 
solid foundation established in Q1. The results reflect the company's ability to 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
sustain momentum, leveraging operational strengths and execute its growth 
strategy across our diverse markets. Our EBITDA grew by 50% and revenue 
grew 28% year-on-year, with margins expanding by 7 percentage points to 
46%, amongst the highest in the sector. The performance underscores the 
strength and consistency of our diversified portfolio. 
Our India business continued its steady upward trajectory, with revenue growth 
of 14% and EBITDA growth of 47% year-on-year. The revenue growth was 
driven by robust ADR improvements, and particularly in our luxury properties 
in Pune and our two hotels in Bangalore. Our ADR in India grew 12% to 
₹11,335.  
We have pursued a strategy of increasing rates by phasing out our low-yielding 
corporate accounts and reallocating inventory towards higher margin segments 
and new accounts. This approach, complemented by a motivated ground team 
and a clear focus on strengthening direct bookings, has enabled us to strengthen 
yield performance while maintaining healthy occupancy levels. Overall 
occupancy in India improved to 66%, so our RevPAR grew at 13% year-on-
year to ₹7,486. 
Pune, in particular, continues to valid our long-standing thesis. Limited new 
supply and strong corporate demand are giving us meaningful headroom to 
grow both in ADR and occupancy.  
As I have highlighted previously, the award-winning F&B offerings in our 
entire portfolio serve as a key differentiator, enhancing guest experience while 
attracting significant external footfall. We have continued to strengthen our 
proposition here by regularly refreshing our offerings, hosting pop-up events 
and activating underutilized areas to create vibrant spaces. These also create 
new revenue streams, and these are evident from our TRevPAR numbers, a 
loyal customer base and strong positive guest feedback. 
In Q2 F&B and banqueting revenues grew 17%, pushing up India TRevPAR 
to ₹13,630, up 14% year-on-year.  

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
Turning our attention to the pristine blue waters of Maldives, our portfolio 
there continues to perform strongly, with EBITDA growing at 164% year-on-
year, reinforcing the power of our diversified international exposure. Revenue 
grew 40% yoy and 9% on same-store basis. Same-store occupancy improved 
4 points to 50%, a direct outcome of disciplined asset management, targeted 
source market diversification and sharper go-to-market efforts, leveraging 
travelers from India and other Asian markets in the lean season. Same-store 
EBITDA rose 91%, with EBITDA margin up 5 percentage points to 13%. 
This strong profitability reflects both operational recovery across Conrad and 
Anantara as well as the benefits of integrating all assets through a cluster 
purchasing, manpower optimization and pointed marketing efforts. Conrad and 
Anantara continue to reinforce their ultra-luxury position with high repeat 
clients and longer average sales, while Raaya all-inclusive model is widening 
our reach to premium experiential travelers. The opening of the new Male 
airport has further enhanced access and improved our source market mix, 
something we have actively capitalized on.  
In Maldives, we have also made meaningful progress on sustainability. Our 
solar installation program is now commenced across all 3 resorts, helping 
reduce diesel dependency, stabilize power costs, and strengthen our long-term 
margin profile. Margins will see a further boost once full transition to solar 
energy is complete.  
Moving to our annuity business, it remains a solid bedrock of stability, with 
98% committed occupancy and EBITDA margins of 90%. Rental income was 
flattish, and the underlying performance remains robust, supported by long-
term lease structures and high-quality tenant mix. 
Let us talk a little bit about the strategic milestones: 
We have announced two strategic acquisitions that significantly enhance our 
portfolio mix. First, Ventive Hospitality proposes to acquire a controlling stake 
in Soboho Private Limited, securing the exclusive rights to operate Soho House 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
in India. This transaction includes the completed asset of Soho House Juhu, 
Mumbai, and the planned development of Soho House, New Delhi, along with 
exclusive nationwide rights for the Soho House brand.  
Recognized globally as one of the most prestigious and premium membership-
based hospitality concepts, Soho House is synonymous with luxury, 
exclusivity, and high-loyalty community of members, the brand's unique 
proposition blend, upscale accommodation, curated F&B experiences, and a 
vibrant community-driven space.  
This acquisition marks Ventive's strategic entry into the membership-led 
lifestyle hospitality segment in India, positioning the company to win 
discerning, high-spending clientele, while diversifying our portfolio into a 
segment that commands premium pricing and sustained loyalty. 
The second is the Hilton Goa Resort acquisition in October 2025. Ventive 
acquired 76% stake in a 104-key Hilton Resort in Goa, along with 4-acre land 
parcel in Batim, Goa. This represents our entry into India's fastest-growing 
leisure market and opens up opportunities for F&B-led growth, branded villas, 
and wellness.  
Together, these transactions serve to accelerate our long-term strategy of 
expanding our portfolio with high-quality, high-margin hotels and resorts. By 
selectively adding assets that embody premium positioning and strong brand 
equity, we are enhancing our ability to deliver sustained profitability, deepen 
market presence, and strengthen our competitive advantage in the luxury 
hospitality segment. 
Let me talk a little about sustainability and social impact. Our sustainability 
efforts continue to be industry-leading and deeply integrated into our 
operations.  
• 
Ritz Carlton, Pune, achieved the highest LEED Platinum Certification 
and ISO 14001:2015. 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
• 
While our ICC Tech Park and Trade Towers received Five-Star safety 
ratings from British Safety Council. 
• 
Conrad Maldives Rangali Island earned PADI Eco Center 
Certification, just one of the two resorts in Maldives with this amazing 
recognition that promotes high-quality eco marine life around the 
island.  
• 
Anantara partnered with Maldives Resilient Reefs for seagrass 
ecosystem protection. 
• 
Our properties now offer only reusable glass bottles in guest rooms 
while Anantara Maldives’ biogas plant cuts CO2 emissions by over 
1,700 tons annually.  
• 
We supported Cochlea Pune with a dedicated bus for children with 
hearing impairments, and continued to support Project Pranita, 
promoting women's workforce participation in hospitality. 
This is also a quarter for recognitions across our portfolio.  
• 
In India, our Pune Hotels dominated TripAdvisor's 2025 Awards with 
Tao-Fu, JW Marriott, winning best of the best in the Fine Dining and 
Quan Spa ranking as top 10% globally.  
• 
Our F&B brands, Ukiyo, Aasmana, Alto Vino and Paasha, all secured 
Three Star ratings in the Hospitality Horizon Epicurean Awards 2025.  
• 
In Maldives, the standout was Ithaa, our underwater restaurant at the 
Conrad Maldives, which was ranked among the top 1% globally in 
Traveler's Choice Best of Best 2025, out of 8 million listings on 
TripAdvisor.  
• 
Raaya by Atmosphere won the `Most Picturesque Resort’ award, while 
Anantara and Conrad Maldives continue to feature in Travel and 
Leisure’s Top 500 Hotels in Asia.  
These awards are a vindication of our focus on operational excellence, 
F&B leadership and innovation in guest experience. 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
As we now move into the seasonally stronger half of the year, powered by 
weddings, MICE and peak leisure demand, we expect occupancy and pricing 
across the portfolio to accelerate further. Our hotel teams continue to execute 
with passion and precision, ensuring every stay becomes a memorable 
experience for our guests. With a solid H1 behind us and the strongest quarters 
still ahead, we are firmly on track to achieve our annual plan and extend our 
leadership in the hospitality sector. 
With that, I’ll request Mr. Milind and Mr. Paresh to walk you through the 
financials. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Thank you, Ranjit. Good afternoon, everyone. I will begin with my usual 
disclaimer on the comparative from last year. 
As you are aware, the acquisition of several entities in our portfolio took place 
in August 2024. So, our financial statements of prior periods do not have the 
financial numbers of those entities. To enable a like-to-like comparison, we 
have prepared proforma financial statements based on internal MIS for those 
periods, as if those acquisitions were made on April 1, 2023. Their revenues, 
costs and EBITDA are included in the proforma financial statement of FY24 
and H1 FY25. Hence, the numbers presented in the statutory financial 
statement will differ from the proforma figures used in our commentary, our 
press releases and earning update presentation. 
Let me highlight two very important milestones we achieved in this quarter: 
• 
First, we crossed ₹100 crore mark in Profit After Tax on a half-yearly 
basis, as compared to full-year PAT of ₹165 crores in FY 2025. This 
was made possible by strong operational leverages in Pune and 
Bangalore and the reduction of debt over the last 4 quarters. 
• 
Second, we achieved 41% EBITDA margin in our India hospitality 
business in Q2, a seasonally weak quarter, higher than our full-year 
margin of 37% in FY25. With our seasonally strongest quarters 
coming up, this can only go up for the full year. 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Now, let me walk you through our Q2 FY26 headline numbers: 
Our consolidated revenue was ₹ 554.5 crores, up 28% year-on-year. This 
includes ₹ 47.6 crores of foreign exchange grain from mark-to-market dollar-
denominated assets. Adjusting for this, the revenue growth is 16.6% year-on-
year.  
Our hospitality revenue in Q2 was ₹ 369.3 crore, a growth of 25% year-on-
year. Within that, our India portfolio contributed revenue of ₹ 190.7 crore, up 
14% year-on-year, driven by the strong ADR growth and F&B revenue growth 
that Ranjit just highlighted. Our international hospitality revenue grew 40% 
year-on-year to ₹ 178.6 crores, including Raaya. On a same-store basis, 
international hospitality revenue growth was 9%. 
Moving on to profitability, our consolidated EBITDA was ₹ 254.8 crore, up 
50% year-on-year, and EBITDA margins were at 46%, an expansion of 7 
percentage points year-on-year. Excluding the one-time foreign exchange gain, 
EBITDA growth was 22.2%.  
Our India hospitality business delivered an EBITDA of ₹ 78.5 crore, up 47% 
year-on-year. EBITDA margin was at 41%, an expansion of 9% points over 
Q2 of last year.  
The strong EBITDA growth was primarily driven by operating leverages. Our 
flagship hotels in Pune and both properties in Bangalore reported healthy ARR 
growth and three of our properties reported RevPAR growth exceeding 20% in 
Q2. The margin also benefited from government grants in Q2 as well as one-
time pre-IPO restructuring cost in Q2 of last year. EBITDA growth adjusted 
for the one-time cost last year is 32% year-on-year. Further, there was asset 
level cost rationalization under several major heads like heat, light, power and 
other hotel operating expenses. 
Looking ahead, we are confident in our ability to grow our EBITDA margin 
and EBITDA per key, as the growth drivers in Pune and Bangalore are very 
strong and no new supply is expected in luxury market in Pune for the next 5 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
years. So, we have headroom for improving occupancy and ADR in both 
micro-markets for the foreseeable future.  
Our international business reported EBITDA of ₹ 24.7 crores up 164% year-
on-year and EBITDA margin of 14%, an expansion of 7 percentage points 
year-on-year. On a same-store basis, EBITDA growth was 91% and EBITDA 
margins were at 13%.  
Over the last few quarters, we have analyzed all expenses in detail and worked 
on rationalizing costs and improving efficiency across various operating 
departments. The improved performance in Q2 is a testament of these 
initiatives, aided by operating leverages. We also benefited from one-time 
restructuring expenses in Q2 of last year.  
Typically, the second quarter of the financial year in Maldives is seasonally 
weakest quarter. Occupancy and rates improve sharply in Q3 and Q4, which is 
why the EBITDA of H1 is almost equal to the EBITDA of Q3. And EBITDA 
of the first 9 months is nearly equal to EBITDA of the last quarter. 
Now, let me spend a minute on the financial aspects of our two investments 
that Ranjit spoke about: 
With the Hilton Goa Resort, we have acquired 76% in a running hotel with an 
enterprise value of ₹ 320 crores, FY25 revenue of ₹50 crore and EBITDA of 
₹18 crore, with a minimal initial cash outflow of only ₹120 crore. This deal is 
EBITDA accretive from the day of acquisition, and the numbers will be 
reflected from Q3 onwards. The asset was stressed and a part of initial 
investment from Ventive is used for paring down the debt of the owning 
company, and the balance debt is being renegotiated for lower cost of finance.  
The asset has development potential for additional 60-65 key, resulting in 
improved operating leverage and higher EBITDA margin in the future. We 
plan to invest ₹100 crore in a phased manner for refurbishment of existing 
rooms, development of additional keys, new F&B outlet and spa. The 
acquisition includes 4-acre land parcel to be used for high-end Villa 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
development. The EBITDA from sale of villas will reduce our net investment 
in this acquisition. 
Moving on to proposed investment in Soho House India, we plan to invest 
approximately ₹60 crore for a 51% stake in Sohobo Pvt Ltd, which holds 
exclusive development and operating rights for Soho Houses and cities without 
houses in India. The portfolio includes the 38-key Soho Juhu, Mumbai which 
is already operational and 24-key Soho New Delhi, which is currently under 
development. 
Now, I request Paresh to take you through our debt summary. 
Paresh Bafna: 
Thank you and good afternoon. Ventive’s financial performance continues to 
reflect strength and resilience, reaffirming that the growth aspirations and 
strategic direction remain well-aligned with prevailing market dynamics. Our 
balance sheet is prudently leveraged, providing us with the flexibility to 
respond effectively to opportunities and challenges as they arrive. 
I am pleased to report that while our assets continue to perform strongly, we 
have at the same time managed to achieve a sustained reduction in our overall 
cost of funds. For our Indian asset, our cost of funds has declined by 0.8% that 
is from 8.2% to 7.36%.  
For our offshore Maldivian debt, this reduction is 0.5%, from 7.7% to 7.27%. 
These improvements have developed a combined saving of ₹ 7.15 crores for 
the period April to September 2025. This enhances our ability to deploy these 
savings strategically and create greater value.  
As on September 30, 2025, cumulative debt comprising both INR and USD 
exposures stood at ₹2,129 crore. This includes INR debt of ₹1,242 crore for 
Indian assets, and USD debt of $100 million equivalent to ₹887 crore on our 
Maldivian assets.  

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Our cash balances remain robust at ₹484 crore, resulting in a net debt position 
of ₹1,646 crore. Net debt to EBITDA has shown consistent improvement 
supported by strong cash flows and reliable annuity inflows. 
Finally, I am pleased to confirm that we retain our AA rating with a stable 
outlook from CRISIL and our material subsidiary continues to hold AA+ 
rating. These ratings highlight our strong financial position and capacity to 
pursue future acquisition and expansion with confidence. 
With that, we are happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Vaibhav Muley from Yes 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Hi team, congratulations on a strong set of numbers. My first question was on 
our EBITDA and margins. We have seen a very strong EBITDA growth year-
on-year based on proforma financials and with a decent margin expansion as 
well. So, going forward, can we expect this trajectory to continue in terms of 
absolute EBITDA growth as well as margin expansion in H2 as well as in 
FY27? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Good evening, Vaibhav. Thank you for your question and good to hear from 
you again. I will take this question. This is regarding the exceptional EBITDA 
growth from what I understand. In Q2 last year, we had exceptional IPO related 
expenses which depressed the base. So, after adjusting for those one-offs, our 
EBITDA growth this quarter remains very strong, about 32% in India and over 
55% in Maldives.  
These gains are operational, not optical. And I have already explained that even 
after adjustments, the EBITDA growth is still quite strong. 
Now, coming to what drove the EBITDA performance and is it sustainable? 
So, I will try to answer that as well. First, the performance we are seeing is the 
outcome of quite a lot of sustained, disciplined asset management across both 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
our India and Maldives portfolio. In India, our ADR grew quite strongly across 
the board, supported by sharper pricing and a higher mix of direct bookings, 
like I mentioned. And of course, the backbone of F&B performance.  
Pune continues to validate our thesis. No new supply is one of the insulators 
for our growth. Office stock is also on a very strong trajectory, 110 million 
square feet over the next 5 years and we are seeing at least 24-25 million 
already coming in. The infrastructure upgrades continue to happen, whether it 
is the Ring Road, the Metro or the improved connectivity to the Navi Mumbai 
International Airport, are strengthening a lot of demand fundamentals and a 
compelling reason for people to come and establish businesses in Pune, maybe 
headquartered here.  
Apart from this, we saw some strong demand in both our micro markets of 
Whitefield and Outer Ring Road in Bangalore as well. And we continue to 
push our rates while protecting occupancies.  
While I explained India, let me also try to explain Maldives. The story this 
quarter in Maldives was a story of occupancy. So, we have our freshly refurbed 
assets, Conrad and Anantara, which are now delivering visible pickup. So, 
these are fully operational not only from an asset perspective, but even from 
new team, the new commercial leadership team has been very effective in 
diversifying to new source markets and finessing revenue management. I think 
we can see the results of that primarily. And of course, on the macro 
environment, the Velena International Airport has opened and that is also 
unleashing all the fundamentals that are helping us, which previously restricted 
demand. There was a restriction both on capacity limits and unfavorable 
landing windows. So now these have been mitigated.  
The other aspect of Maldives having limited island supply continues to remain. 
So, both have helped us to sustain premium leisure pricing. Raaya, which is 
our third resort, continues the ramp up well and is expanding our reach into the 
all-inclusive market. So, this is pretty much what I feel.  

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Touching a little bit on cost, the green energy program is bringing quite a 
measurable efficiency and there is a lot of reliance, as you know, on generators 
in Maldives. So that has also kicked in. And yes, all this is sustainable. Our 
adjusted numbers after the exceptional items are very sustainable.  
And we are still on the slower half, Vaibhav. Two strong quarters, weddings, 
MICE, peak leisure – everything is ahead of us. So we are very excited and we 
believe this level of EBITDA performance on an adjusted basis is sustainable. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Understood, sir. Thanks for the detailed answer. My second question was on 
our expansion pipeline. So, we did announce a quarter back regarding the 
addition of ROFO assets. And we also have 3 projects that we are developing 
on our own books in addition to the acquisition that we are doing in terms of 
Soho House and Goa. So, in terms of timeline for each of these projects, if you 
could just throw some color in terms of the current status of development and 
when do you expect each of the assets to become operational? 
Ranjit Batra: 
The target is to reach 4000 keys by FY30. So currently, we have 2140 keys 
with the addition of Hilton Goa. I will give you the breakup. We have three 
assets right now which we are developing. One is in Varanasi - this is by FY28. 
The Ritz Carlton Reserve is also in FY28 and the AC by Marriott is in FY27. 
So, this is as per our plan.  
As for the 4 ROFO assets, that is the JW in Navi Mumbai and the 3 Moxys that 
we have, they will be ready by FY30. So, this is the pipeline. Our background 
is developing hotels and huge infrastructure development. So, we have no 
reason to expect any delays in this process. The team is very well-versed with 
building hotels and very well-programmed. So, you can be rest assured, we 
will deliver. 
Vaibhav Muley: 
Perfect, sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Kant Beria from IIFL 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the great sets of numbers. So, I 
have two questions. One is, can you please quantify the contribution by Raaya 
in this quarter, both in terms of revenue and EBITDA? And on the branded 
residences and villa potential in Sri Lanka and in Goa, are there any fixed 
timelines for the same? And what are the kinds of margins that we are looking 
at in those sales? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Jay Kant, hi, good evening. I think your first question is regarding margins of 
Raaya and the ramp up. This is the first full year of Raaya that we have 
experienced. We were very clear that this model, that is an all-inclusive 
product, which is the model that customers of the future want to consume, and 
it is already gaining a lot of traction. We have partnered with Atmosphere, 
which is a great operator in this space.  
In the first year itself, we are seeing very strong occupancy, in the high 60s. In 
Q2, we have seen 60%+ occupancy, which is quite high, about 10%-15% ahead 
of the market. So, this will put us in a very steady space going forward. I see 
us not only meeting but beating our budgets going forward. I am very close to 
giving you some flavor, but I am resisting, but we have very good numbers. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
And on the villa side, if you could give some color on the timelines and what 
is the revenue potential and the margin? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Jay Kant, we have acquired a 4-acre land parcel. This was a bundled deal, along 
with acquisition of Hilton hotel. We have plans to construct around 10 villas 
on this land parcel with revenue potential north of ₹100 crore, and we expect 
EBITDA of around ₹60 crore. Our strategy is to use this land parcel for villas 
and reduce the net investment, the net cost of acquisition of the Hilton Hotel. 
Ranjit Batra: 
I have made a note of your question also, Jay Kant. What I will do is for the 
next quarter, we will give you the plans and more details regarding our villas 
in Sri Lanka. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Sure. That would be very helpful. And thank you for the detailed answer. 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Ranjit Batra: 
I made a note. Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Murtuza Arsiwalla from 
Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Yes, I saw the fantastic performance. Just one accounting question and this is 
to do with Raaya. Now, when I look at the revenue break-up for the 
international business that you are giving between room, F&B and others, I am 
assuming that there would be, I understand the all-inclusive package deal, but 
you must be using some apportioning between room and F&B for Raaya. It 
just helpful to have the traditional ARR, occupancy and RevPAR for all of 
them because most of our models are based on that. So just want to get a sense 
that you would be doing some sort of apportioning between the F&B and room 
rentals for Raaya as well, right? 
Ranjit Batra: 
No, Murtuza, this is a very different model. I went in the same space as you 
when we started out this model with our operators, but it is a little different. A, 
it works on operational leverage and very appointed procurement. Second box 
is allocation. So, there is allocation based on pricing on certain things like 
revenue, rooms, transfers, spa and excursion. These are the basic parameters. 
Now, what we have to see here is because the package is only valid for 4 days 
plus, right. And not everyone consumes each component of the package in the 
same way while on holiday. Margins are fully aligned to give us 40% plus GOP 
on our resort, which we are getting. So, if I start publishing allocations to F&B 
and room separately, it will be very complicated and confusing. What we really 
focus on is our net GOP and that is our metric. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
No, Ranjit, I am talking about the topline level. So, the topline, are you 
considering everything from Raaya in Others or you are making the split 
between room F&B and Others? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes, we are, theoretically we are. But this is a very different model. I suppose 
I allocate $38 for F&B per person or allocated $12 for excursion and other 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
things. We do that exercise for sure. But when it comes to F&B and rooms, 
there is an overlap. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Murtuza, Milind here. For accounting and audit requirements, we do 
allocation, but if we use the allocation for our presentation, it will distort 
numbers. It is an all-inclusive concept and hence in our presentation, we don't 
include those numbers. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Fine. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Achal Kumar from 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. First of all, I just want to understand on a 
very normalized basis, you mentioned that last quarter, you had IPO related 
costs and all, but then also you had some FOREX gain. So, if you normalize 
for all that, what is your EBITDA growth this quarter, please? 
Milind Wadekar: 
So, if we normalize, at consolidated level, my EBITDA growth adjusted for 
this exchange gain is 22.2%.  
And further adjusting one-off expenses in India, my EBITDA growth is around 
32%. Let me give you further details. If you look at our India hospitality 
business, our incremental EBITDA is ₹25 crore which has gone up from ₹53 
crore to ₹78 crore. Now, if we drill down into this growth number, about 20%, 
that is base of ₹53 crore, around ₹10 crore has come from our ADR and 
occupancy improvement. We got government grants, we started receiving it 
from quarter 4 last year, and which is recurring and accounted every quarter, 
which was not there last year. So that is around 8%. 11% came from around ₹6 
crore were one-off expenses out of prior year, and the remaining 8% that is 
around ₹6 crore is on account of asset management initiatives and cost 
reduction.  
If you look at similar numbers for Maldives, our incremental EBITDA is 
around ₹8.5 crore on a base of ₹9 crore in Q2 last year. Out of that, 55% is 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
contributed by operating leverages from improved KPIs, 22% from one-off 
expenses of last year, and balance 14% from cost efficiency. We can connect 
offline if you need further clarity. 
Achal Kumar: 
Yes, I guess that would be great because I think this is a lot of numbers, so it 
would be great to connect offline. Anyway, now my second question was 
Ranjit Batra: 
Achal, just sorry before you go into the question, but to summarize what Milind 
said, the consolidated EBITDA grew by 29% versus the 50% that you see, 
excluding the FX gain and one-off expenses in the prior year. 
Achal Kumar: 
29% did you say? 
Ranjit Batra: 
29%. 
Achal Kumar: 
Fair enough. Then my second question was around, you mentioned that you 
are doing a bit of revenue management and maybe trying to reduce the 
contracted business and increase high margin business or high ARR business. 
Could you just take a bit deeper into that and just guide what percentage of 
business you are talking about? So at the moment, if you say you have ₹100 of 
revenue, what is the percentage of your revenue comes from this kind of 
business where you think that you can actually increase the ARR and then you 
can actually reduce this contracted business and maybe increase? So just a bit 
of color on that would really appreciated? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Sure, I would love to. So, what we really track in head office and we really 
push hotels, of course, without compromising on guests’ experiences and 
satisfaction, which we are very mindful of. At portfolio level, what we monitor 
is what we are getting right now is a 65% operational flow through and that is 
on the same-store basis, which is a very healthy outcome. We keep overheads 
largely flat compared to last year and like, of course, a tight control on fixed 
cost, model purchasing, we learned a lot from purchasing in Maldives from 
Raaya, which is the all-inclusive and we are using the same learnings with the 
other two resorts as well and that is why you have seen a lot of efficiency 
coming there and a lot of improved efficiency on property level as well.  

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
In terms of sales breakup, 40% is at contracted rates and 60% is from direct 
bookings, which is very healthy for India. And we are pushing for Maldives as 
well to a double-digit direct booking growth through direct marketing channels 
and through micro websites that we have started for our resorts.  
Apart from that, margins, as you know, India is up by 9% points and Maldives 
is up 7%, very healthy. Overall, hospitality is 7% points up. And there are other 
levers also. The easy and the low hanging fruit is energy in Maldives, people, 
a lot more efficiency coming in our workflow and better planning, driving 
efficiency and maintaining standards. So, these are a few of the things that we 
do that translate into profitability and some of the other processes that we put 
in place. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right, fair enough. And then I wanted to understand about your forward 
bookings. I know you don't guide as such, but we are in the middle of 
November, and you must have got a very good idea about your business in this 
quarter in India and Maldives. Any particular color in terms of, maybe, how 
much of hotels in Maldives and India are sold out for this quarter already? And 
then how that compares last year, and maybe not in terms of numbers, but any 
color in terms of how this quarter we should think about? And then when you 
are in the business, I am still sort of, although you have improved a lot, India 
is still 66% occupancy, while I think despite the fact that this quarter was sort 
of had an impact because of excessive rates and everything. I guess Pune and 
Bangalore are not so impacted and your occupancy is still 66%, while others 
are reporting, luxury hotels are reporting occupancy of north of 70. So, what 
exactly is holding you back from achieving those kinds of occupancy levels, 
please? 
Ranjit Batra: 
I will try to answer that question. First of all, let me give you a flavor of Q2 
and you can imagine the numbers yourself, and you can just continue the 
trajectory. My goal is to continue on double-digit growth both on TRevPAR 
and RevPAR. We have been very successfully doing that, and we will continue 
to do that. Whether low teens or high teens, I think these are the best quarters 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
ahead. That is all I can tell you. I said this in my opening of the speech as well, 
that the best 2 quarters are yet to come.  
So, regarding Q2, we did an exceptional occupancy growth in Maldives, which 
was 6%. And in India, we did an exceptional growth of ADR, which is 12.4% 
versus 6.2% average in India market. So, we have done an exceptional job in 
ADR in India, and we have done an exceptional job in occupancy in Maldives. 
Both resulting in India with a RevPAR growth of 13% and in Maldives with 
RevPAR growth of 10%. So, this is where we are and looking at all the good 
quality asset management that we think we are doing, we only have good news 
going forward. 
Milind Wadekar: 
So Achal, to answer your question, our last financial year occupancy was at 
67%. And we expect it will rise to 72% in the short term and stabilize at around 
75% in the medium term. When we say medium term, around 4-5 years from 
now. And there is no new supply coming in the Pune market for next 5 years. 
So, we are confident we will reach that occupancy. And as I have mentioned 
earlier, if you look at our EBITDA margin and occupancy of quarter 2, which 
is a seasonally weak quarter, it is almost equal to our last year's India KPIs. So, 
from that perspective, we are confident as we move ahead, our KPIs will 
improve further. 
Achal Kumar: 
My last question, just wanted to understand what is the sensitivity of USD-INR 
to your EBITDA? So, this quarter you reported FOREX gain of ₹ 47 crore. So, 
I just want to understand, according to the current status, every Re. 1 change 
in the USD versus INR, how much that will impact on your EBIT? 
Milind Wadekar: 
See, we have given loan to our Maldives entities. It is a debt instrument. And 
in accounting parlance, whenever there is mark to market gain or loss, it is 
routed through the profit and loss statement. That is around 15 million. So that 
is how this ₹45-₹47 crore gets accounted. But when it comes to operating level, 
we have a natural hedge. Our revenue, expenses, my loan repayment, 
everything is dollar denominated. So, there is no currency risk or margin 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
impact per se from that perspective. This is a non-cash accounting entry which 
is accounted for the quarter of ₹47.5 crore. 
Achal Kumar: 
No, but what will be the impact? You must have calculated like if tomorrow 
dollar versus INR changes? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Yes. If you are asking from PAT perspective, every ₹1 increase in dollar will 
give us a gain of around ₹15 crore at EBITDA level and net of tax of 25%, it 
will be around ₹11.5 crore. That is the calculation. That is the math. 
Achal Kumar: 
Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Bendre from 
LIC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Most of my questions have 
been answered. Only thing is that I think we have debt of ₹2129 crore. Given 
the expansion plans, what kind of debt levels we envisage over the next 18 
months? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Mahesh, in our last quarter's investor call, we gave details of our CAPEX cash 
flow. See, our last year's reported EBITDA was around ₹1,000 crore. Over the 
next 5 years, we expect to generate cumulative EBITDA of ₹6,500 crore.  
If you look at our capex plan for assets on our books, we expect to spend around 
₹900 - ₹1,000 crore on refurbishment of our Bangalore asset, the Sri Lanka 
resort and the Varanasi Hotel. The other four assets are ROFO assets that are 
getting developed on our parent company’s balance sheet and we plan to take 
it on long-term lease, so our capex gets staggered.  
When we get this warm shell lease, let us say after 30 months from now, we 
will start our capex post that and we expect that it should be in the range of 
₹1,000 crore. So altogether, we will spend around ₹2,000 - ₹2,200 crore over 
the next five years. For Hilton Goa Resort, we spent around ₹120 crore on the 
acquisition. We will put another ₹100 crore over the next 18 months. So, we 

 
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
are very comfortable with our debt and most of our capex will be funded 
through internal accrual. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure, thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Ranjit Batra for closing comments. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Thank you. So, to summarize, we delivered a stellar Q2 with double digit 
revenue growth and margin expansion across both India and Maldives while 
our annuity assets continue to provide stability and strong cash flows. This also 
marks our fourth quarterly earnings announcement since listing. And across all 
4 quarters, we have maintained a consistent trend of double-digit growth on 
revenue, EBITDA and TRevPAR and margins supported by discipline, asset 
management and prudent leverage.  
With the two strongest quarters of FY26 still ahead, our focus remains on 
sustaining TRevPAR growth, improving occupancy through active asset 
management and executing expansion pipeline with precision. Thank you once 
again for joining us today and have a great evening. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ventive Hospitality, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
