 
 
 
 
Shalby/SE/2025‐26/77 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 20, 2025 
 
 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Mumbai 400 051. 
 
Corporate Service Department   
BSE Limited  
Mumbai 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : SHALBY  
Scrip Code: 540797 
Through : https://neaps.nseindia.com/NEWLISTINGCORP/ 
Through : http://listing.bseindia.com 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of Earning Conference Call for Q2 FY2025‐26 financial results 
 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we are enclosing herewith transcript of earning conference call held on November 15, 2025, 
wherein Unaudited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter ended September 
30, 2025 (Q2 FY26) were discussed. The said transcript is also available in the Investors Section of 
our website. 
 
We request to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shalby Limited 
 
 
Tushar Shah 
AVP & Company Secretary  
Mem. No: FCS‐7216 
 
Encl.: Concall Transcript 
 
 
SHAH TUSHAR 
DINESHCHAND
RA
Digitally signed by 
SHAH TUSHAR 
DINESHCHANDRA 
Date: 2025.11.20 
13:01:20 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 15, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. VIKRAM SHAH, CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SHALBY LIMITED 
 
MR. SHANAY SHAH, PRESIDENT, SHALBY LIMITED 
 
DR. NISHITA SHUKLA – GROUP CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER -SHALBY LIMITED 
 
MR. DEEPAK ANAND – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SHALBY MEDTECH LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SHALBY LIMITED 
 
MR. BABU THOMAS – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES 
OFFICER, SHALBY LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KASHISH THAKUR – ELARA SECURITIES INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Shalby Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Elara Securities India Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kashish Thakur. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Thakur. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Thank you, Hina. Good afternoon, everyone. We welcome all the participants to Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Call, hosted by Elara Securities. Today, we have with us senior management 
representatives from Shalby. We will start with the performance highlights from newly 
appointed Group CFO by Shalby Limited, Mr. Amit Kumar. Later, Mr. Deepak Anand, CEO of 
Shalby MedTech will take over. After that, we'll open the floor for question and answer for all 
the participants. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Amit Kumar for the important disclaimers regarding any 
forward-looking statements that may be made in today's call. Over to you, sir. 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes. Thank you, Kashish. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Amit Kumar. I am pleased to 
welcome you in Shalby Limited Quarter 2 FY '26 Earnings Call. Our investor presentation has 
already been uploaded on website of the stock exchange and as well on our company website, 
shalby.org. We hope you all had an opportunity to review it already.  
Before we begin, I would just like to remind you that certain statements during this call today 
would be forward-looking in nature and involve risks and uncertainties. For that matter, you 
could also refer to a detailed disclaimer to our investor presentation on Slide number 2. 
So to start with, I'll walk you through the consolidated performance first. And to start, it would 
be on a year-on-year basis, meaning quarter 2 of FY '26 compared with similar quarter last year. 
On to the numbers, the consolidated revenue stands at INR289 cr. in quarter 2 FY '26 versus 
INR274 cr. in the same quarter last year. This shows a growth of 5.5% on a year-on-year basis. 
The consolidated EBITDA stands at INR46.1 crores in the current quarter as against INR39.8 
crores in the same quarter last year. From the point of view of the margin, the current quarter 
margin has been about 15.9% as against 14.5% in the same quarter last year. This shows a growth 
of 15.8% on a year-on-year basis. 
Onto the consolidated PBT, that stands at INR19.1 crores in the current quarter as against 
INR13.7 crores in the same quarter last year. From the point of view of margin, it stands at 6.6% 
in the current quarter as against 5% in the last year. This shows a strong growth of 39.2% on a 
year-on-year basis. 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
The consolidated PAT stands at INR7.3 crores in current quarter as against INR2.4 crores in the 
same quarter last year, with a margin of 2.5% in the current quarter as against 0.9% in the same 
quarter last year. This also shows a strong growth of about 200% on a year-on-year basis. 
Moving to half year performance for the FY '26 as against half year performance of FY '25. The 
consolidated revenue stands at INR593 cr. as against half year performance of last year, having 
INR563 crores of consolidated revenue. This also shows a growth of 5.3% year-on-year basis.  
The consolidated EBITDA stands at INR94.6 crores in the half year of FY '26 as against INR94.7 
crores in the half year of last year. This has a margin of 16% in the current half year as against 
16.8% in the half year last year, which is almost flat year-on-year basis. 
The consolidated PBT stands at INR41.7 crores in the current half year as against INR41.1 crores 
against the half year in FY '25. This has a margin of 7% in the half year current year and against 
the 7.8% on half year basis in FY '25. This is down by 5.4% year-on-year basis.  
The consolidated PAT is INR15 crores in current half year of FY '26 as against INR17 crores in 
the half year of FY '25. This has a margin of 2.5% in the current half year as against 3% in the 
FY '25 on same period. This is down by 12.5% year-on-year basis. On to the balance sheet, this 
remains strong with a low gearing ratio of 0.36x with a net debt of INR362.2 cr. 
Now moving to the stand-alone performance, starting with the year-on-year basis for the quarter 
2 of FY '26 compared with quarter 2 of FY '25. The stand-alone profit stands at about INR230 
cr. as against INR217.6 cr. in the quarter 2 of last year. This has a growth of 5.6% year-on-year 
basis.  
The stand-alone EBITDA is at about INR45 cr. as against INR40.8 cr. in the quarter 2 of FY 
'25. The margin of EBITDA has been 19.5% in the quarter 2 of FY '26 as against 18.7% in the 
quarter 2 of FY '25. This has a Y-on-Y growth of approximately 10%. The stand-alone profit 
before tax is at about INR13.6 crores in the current quarter as against the INR28.3 crores in the 
same quarter last year, with a margin of 13.3% in the current quarter as against 13% in the quarter 
2 of FY '25. This is up by approx 8% year-on-year basis. 
The stand-alone profit after tax is at INR19.8 cr. in the current quarter as against INR17.3 cr. in 
the quarter 2 of FY '25 with a margin of 8.6% in the quarter 2 of FY '26 as against 8% in the 
quarter 2 of FY '25. This has a strong growth of 14% year-on-year basis. 
Now on half year performance of H1 '26 as against H1 of '25 on a stand-alone basis. The revenue 
stands at INR472 cr. in the half year of '26 as against INR458 cr. in the half year of '25, with a 
growth of 3% year-on-year basis. 
Stand-alone EBITDA is INR97 cr. as against half year of '25 of INR99 cr. in H1 of FY '25. This 
has a margin of 20.6% in half year of '26 as against 21.6% in the half year of '25. This is down 
by 1.8% year-on-year basis. 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Stand-alone profit before tax, is at about INR70.7 cr. in half year of '26 as against INR74.3 cr. 
in half year of '25, with a margin of 15% in half year of '26 as against 16.2% in the half year of 
'25. This is approximately down by 5%. 
The stand-alone profit after tax is at about INR45.5 cr. in half year 2 in as against INR47.9 cr. 
in half year of '25. This has a margin of 9.6% in the half year of '26 as against 10.5% in the half 
year of '25, nearly down by 5% year-on-year basis. On to the balance sheet. The stand-alone net 
debt stands at about INR30.9 cr. with an annualized return on capital for about 11.8% in the 
quarter 2 of FY '26. 
Moving to operational metrics. Our ARPOB and ALOS have been INR40,794 and 3.74%, 
respectively, compared to 38,779 and 3.6% in the same period last year. The ARPOB on year-
on-year basis has grown stronger by 5.2%. 
The number of occupied beds has been 673 in the quarter 2 of FY '26 as against 690 in the 
quarter 2 of last year. This has decreased by 2.5% year-on-year basis with an occupancy rate of 
48% in the quarter 2 of FY '26. 
Moving to the payor mix in the quarter 2 of FY '26, it has been healthy about 36% of self-pay, 
37% of insurance and about 27% of government business. On to our hospital and Delhi NCR, 
just also to share that we have rebranded Shalby Sanar International Hospital to Shalby 
International Hospital now. The revenue of the hospital Shalby International stood at about 
INR20 cr. in quarter 2 of FY '26 as against INR25.6 cr. in the same quarter last year. 
This has a decline of approx 22.7% year-on-year basis. The ARPOB and a loss of Shalby 
International is at about INR81,185 and 3.23%, respectively, in the quarter 2 FY '26. Shalby 
International is presently operating at an occupancy of 21%. It is to increase gradually in the 
coming quarters. In the current quarter, 65% of the total contribution of the Shalby International 
is generated from international patients with an ARPOB of reaching approximately INR1 lakh. 
Total revenue from international business remains at about INR15.4 cr. that included INR2.5 
cr., which had come from Shalby Multi-Specialty Hospitals and about INR13 cr. from Shalby 
International Hospital in the quarter 2 of FY '26. 
Moving to our clinical excellence and capacity building, at Shalby, our undivided focus has been 
on demonstrating our clinical excellence through our successful execution of many diverse 
clinical surgery and several of our hospital units. We also take pride in sharing that we have 
successfully completed 31 transplants, including 22 in kidney, 8 in liver, and 1 bone marrow 
transplant during quarter 2 of FY '26. 
Shalby also take pride in nurturing young talent through our Shalby Academy, about 390 
students listed in various disciplines like physiotherapy, nursing, lab technician, nutrition, 
clinical, paramedics, hospital management and pharmacy as part of their academic outreach and 
upgrade of the skills in quarter 2 FY '26. 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
This included Shri Vaishnav Vidyapeeth Vishwavidyalaya in Indore, where BBA HHM and 
MBA HHM first batch have enrollment for the academic year '29. Also Ganpat University, 
fourth batch of MBA HHM enrollment for AY '31, including over 65 students have been enrolled 
for Kaushalya The Skill University, Government of Gujarat. And Shalby Academy allied health 
sciences courses like B.Sc. MLT, M.Sc. MLT and Diploma MLT, Diploma OT for academic 
year '25-'26. 
Now I'll hand over the call to Mr. Deepak Anand to share his insights for our medical implant 
business, Shalby MedTech. Over to you, Deepak. 
Deepak Anand: 
Thank you, Amit. Good day, ladies and gentlemen. I am Deepak Anand, CEO of Shalby 
MedTech, and I welcome you to our Q2 financial year '26 earnings call. Thank you for taking 
the time to join us. Today, I'll walk you through our quarterly performance and update you on 
our strategy for growth and value creation.  
Our vision is clear, improving lives. We deliver surgeon-friendly implant systems tailored to 
regional clinical leads while maintaining world-class standards. Our key differentiators include 
nimble, surgeon responsive R&D, high reliability and ethical operations, personalized support 
with deep orthopedic experience. 
Let me now walk you through our financial highlights for the quarter. Shalby MedTech 
consolidated revenue for quarter 2 financial year '26 stood at INR33.7 crores versus INR23.7 
crores in quarter 2 financial year '25, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 42.1%. 
Shalby MedTech consolidated EBITDA for quarter 2 financial year '26 stood at INR3.66 crores 
versus a negative INR21.6 lakhs in quarter 2 financial year '25, reflecting a year-on-year growth 
of 1795.4%. 
Total 10,988 implant components sold in quarter 2 financial year '26 versus 9,443 implants sold 
in quarter 2 financial year '25. Year-on-year growth of 16.4% in Shalby MedTech at a 
consolidated level. 
Shalby MedTech consolidated revenue for H1 financial year '26 stood at INR64.5 crores versus 
INR41.2 crores in H1 financial year '25, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 56.7%, driven by 
robust domestic volume to improve channel partner engagement. Shalby MedTech consolidated 
EBITDA for H1 financial year '26 stood at INR2.9 crores versus negative INR2.9 crores H1 
financial year '26, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 199.5%. 
Total 25,064 implant components sold in H1 financial year '26 versus 17,953 implant 
components sold in H1 financial year '25 year-on-year growth of 39.6% in Shalby MedTech at 
consolidated level. 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
The growth has been attributed to a couple of things. We have initiated cutting-edge technology 
by introducing robots in our product portfolio, not only to boost our implant sales but also to 
generate robotical income -- rental income from the hospitals. 
We have launched Duraniom, the only U.S. FDA-approved U.S. manufactured TiNbN knee in 
India and continued efforts on sales and marketing across India, U.S.A. and Southeast Asia. On 
COGS reduction, our implant manufacturing entity COGS has been reduced by 9% on a year-
on-year basis and 3% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
From a supply chain excellence, we will establish multiple vendors to mitigate tariff impacts 
and improve procurement and trade efficiencies, aiming to reduce cost by 15% to 20%. 
Distribution efficiencies will be tailored to each market to ensure timely and cost-effective 
delivery. We have improved our order-to-cash and asset utilization and started to address our 
high inventory.  
Further inventory improvements will be an area of continued focus in 2026 to enhance working 
capital and ROCE. Capacity improvement, we have done, but we still have some distance to 
cover, which will happen during the end of quarter 3 and start of quarter 4. 
From an organization and talent development standpoint, new engineering leadership set up and 
setting up an R&D office in India is happening in this quarter as well as in U.S.A. to drive new 
product development. 
In conclusion, our roadmap for 2025-2026 is designed to drive sustainable growth, operational 
efficiency and innovation leadership in the orthopedic market. We are confident that our 
strategic initiatives combined with favorable market dynamics and technological advancements 
will position us strongly for the future. 
Thank you for your continued support and trust. We look forward to a successful year. Thank 
you so much. Over to you, Amit. 
Amit Kumar: 
So we can now move to Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, now we will begin our Question-Answer session. Any one who wishes to ask 
question, may press * and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove from 
queue, you may press * & 2. Participants are requested to use their handset for asking the 
question. Ladeis and Gentlemen, we will wait while the queue assembles.  
The first question is from the line of Kush Jain, an Individual Investor, please go ahead Mr. Kush 
you can unmute yourself and go ahead with the question. 
Kush Jain: 
My question is regarding the Shalby International Hospital. This quarter, the hospital reported a 
year-on-year revenue decline and EBITDA loss and very low occupancy rate of 21%. Could you 
share the specific challenges this hospital is facing in the market? And also share the detail of 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
the specific strategies that will be implemented to achieve high occupancy and become profitable 
as well as the expected timeline for this recovery. 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes. Thank you, Kush, for your question. In order to answer -- to answering your second 
question first on to the strategy, I would answer it into the threefold actions, which are underway. 
First of all, we have revisited and revised our marketing strategy for the unit in Gurgaon. And 
as a result, you see that we have rebranded the hospital from Sanar International to Shalby 
International, and it is widely deployed and you would be seeing that across very soon. 
The second, we have also done leadership restructuring, bringing in more stronger leadership, 
which is already has started taking actions. And that effect would also be coming in the 
upcoming quarters. Third and last, that we have started onboarding new clinical talent. Certain 
steps have been taken and a few more renowned doctors would be in panel soon as the discussion 
is under conclusion with them. 
On to the performance, as overall, we are confident to see the hospital performing better to the 
optimum levels in about 2 quarters from here. And in the next year, we are pretty sure that we 
would have a positive EBITDA coming forward from these hospitals. 
Khush Jain: 
My next question is regarding the long-term growth of the implant business to become $1000 
million revenue, could you clarify if the growth is expected to lead by the particular U.S. market 
or new market entries? And furthermore, what are the specific strategies that's been employed 
to achieve this growth? 
Deepak Anand: 
So the growth powered by not only the U.S. market, but also the developing markets. U.S. will 
obviously play a role. But specifically on a growth standpoint, will be a lot of development 
markets playing a role. How are we looking at from a future standpoint is, again, speaking about 
it is just going to be focused -- very focused on the 5 pillars that we are working towards right 
from ensuring that regulatory approvals in new markets and get sales going through our current 
channel of sales and distribution through channel partners as well as our own team members, 
reducing -- continued efforts to reduce cost, continued effort to increase the capacity. 
And fourth, but important one is our new product development. We have already -- like I said, 
we have set up an R&D which is a large team, which is starting to work on a lot of new product 
development. It is imperative to have the portfolio complete, so we are working towards that. 
And the last pillar would be right talent at the right place. So these are the 5 pillars that we'll be 
focusing on from -- to ensure that this is a sustained growth. And that's the strategy that we will 
be implementing. 
Khush Jain: 
So sir, how much capacity would be increased? 
Deepak Anand: 
So when -- if you're talking about our current plant, current plant itself, we have capacity to take 
care of our next 5 years need, so we'll be more focused on that to increase our current capacity. 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
It's just about adding shifts and maybe adding certain extra time hours and things like that, so 
which we are working towards. 
Khush Jain: 
ok Thank you. I am done with the question. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kashish Thakur from Elara Securities. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Hi, Thank you, Sir, a few questions from my end. Sir, so IP and OP volumes have declined in 
Q2, despite our ARPOB has increased around 5%. So what has led to this softness in the footfall? 
And what do you think in like H2 will there be a recovery in volume? And how do you expect 
in that number? 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes. So I would request Nishita ma'am to answer this question. 
Nishita Shukla: 
If we see quarter 1 to quarter 2, there is 5% growth. But as comparative to last year quarter to 
this year's quarter, there were 3 major reasons for drop in OP and IP. The reasons mainly were 
heavy rainfalls during the season, which had a drop in patient footfall, walk-in footfalls as well 
as cancellations of all planned surgeries. 
Secondly, for the medicine part, there was no season for malaria and dengue this year if we 
compare to last year. And the third of which was also very important was our TPA negotiations 
were going on strongly. So like 5 to 6 TPAs were on hold, and that is how we had a surgical 
drop with that patient. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Understood ma'am. And how we are looking this volume recovery in H2? 
Nishita Shukla: 
So for volume recovery, if you see we are on a constant increase in good doctors, taking -- 
leading higher clinical teams. So last year, if you see, we were on  370 doctors at group level. 
And this year, it is now 454-doctors. So bringing in more doctors, more talent, as well as 
renegotiation of TPAs are nearly to be closed. So 3 of 5 companies have already closed with 
good rates and it will be again starting. And then again, more digital promotion and bring 
international promotion for Sanar. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Just 1 question on TPA. We have renegotiations with these companies after every 2 years or 
how is it? 
Nishita Shukla: 
No, this was mid negotiation as there were a lot of issues of deductions and rate revision. So 
usually, it is like 2 years, but they don't take it at 2 years, they make 4 years to give us the final 
new rate. But then this was all mix like -- there were a lot of deductions coming after approval 
from TPA and this was mid negotiation going on from their side to again reduce rates in between 
2 years. So that is how we had to keep some TPAs on hold. And now it has -- majority of them 
has been closed with a new renegotiated rates. 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Kashish Thakur: 
My second question is on occupancy. What levels do you expect our occupancy -- like it has 
been hovering around 47% to 50% over quite a while. Like what push do we require so that our 
occupancy can go back to the levels of somewhere around 55%. 
Amit Kumar: 
So this is Amit. I would like to answer it. The answer here is, one, the hospital in PK, which is 
operating at a low capacity. The actions I had already briefed which are underway to bring back 
the occupancy hire. 
For a minute, exclude the performance of that hospital currently, the other hospital has already 
reached a 50% of occupancy mark. As soon the PK would be showing the traction which the 
measures are underway, we will soon see the consistent performance of the occupancy going up 
by about 400 to 500 basis points in the coming quarters. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Understood, understood. And 1 last question as of now, so stand-alone EBITDA margin has 
improved to 19.5%, right, this time around. So how sustainable is this margin? And like what 
kind of margins can we expect for FY '26 and going ahead for stand-alone business? 
Amit Kumar: 
So yes, on the stand-alone basis, the margin has about, for the quarter 2, 19.5%. And on to your 
question, how sustainable it is, the measures which have been taken are permanent, and they 
would be showing the consistent growth in the EBITDA margin as to what the forecast which 
we see, it would surely be increasing from here to a trend line of 200 to 300 basis points. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Understood. And really growth of 200 to -- 200 to 300 basis points, right? 
Shanay Shah: 
Yes. And also, I think the uptick of robotic surgeries in orthopedics has picked up significantly 
across all the group entities. So not only is that contributing, but if you also contribute more 
meaningfully in the quarters to come. 
We have also invested significant capacity in terms of adding 2 more linac bunkers in Surat and 
Ahmedabad in 2 units where we did not have a bunker earlier. And these 2 units will start 
contributing to top line subject to approvals from Q4 onwards. 
So all of these things along with an additional PET/CT scan machine, which will be installed at 
Naroda at some point of time in Ahmedabad in the next quarter or the next fiscal. So we are 
planning a lot of these investments and all of these investments put together will further fuel this 
growth beyond the occupancy going up because of the addition of doctors that Dr. Nishita 
alluded to earlier. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Understood, sir. Sir, so in light of that, how many da Vinci robotic robots do we have as of now 
in our facility all around? And what kind of capex do we see for FY '26 and '27 like we are 
adding a few of capex-heavy machineries, right? So what kind of capex do we see for these 
years? 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Nishita Shukla: 
So at present, we have 5 orthopedic robots, and we are in purchase for general surgery, onco 
surgery, neurosurgery robot. So we will be going for SSI Mantra to start with, and then it will 
be da Vinci later on, so as per capex allocation, what we get. 
Shanay Shah: 
The investments for the radiotherapy machines are already made. And for the orthopedic 
surgeries also, major investments have been made. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Understood sir. Sir, can you quantify capex, if possible? Or what we are aiming for? 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes. So the quarter 2 spend has been about INR70 crores. For the first 6 months about we have 
done a INR70 crores of the investment. It largely included the robotic and onco machines for 
about INR50 crores. That was the larger portion. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Naman from AUM Capital. 
Naman: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand that on a standalone basis, if you look at 
your MedTech business, despite around 100% growth in your revenues on a Y-o-Y basis, the 
reported EBITDA was negative. So could you please help us understand how should we read 
that? 
Amit Kumar: 
Deepak, would you like to answer this? 
Deepak Anand: 
Yes, I can take it part and then you can add up -- my understanding is, can you just repeat the 
question once again? I kind of got the question, but it will be good if you can just repeat it? 
Naman: 
Yes, sure. Like if you look at your MedTech business on a stand-alone basis, the EBITDA has 
been negative, like despite 100% growth in revenue, like if you could just help us understand 
why this drop in EBITDA for a better understanding? 
Deepak Anand: 
So it's a function of a couple of things. Number 1 is -- our COGS did go up a little bit high 
because of the dollar fluctuation, okay, between last quarter and this quarter. That's number one. 
Number 2 is also from a mix of products, we did have some extra sales of hits happening which 
-- some product mix, which are lower EBITDA just from a standpoint of capturing the market. 
So these are 2 large contributors for it. 
Naman: 
And like how should we expect it ahead like in the upcoming quarters? 
Deepak Anand: 
You're talking about the stand-alone? 
Naman: 
Yes, yes. The trend in the upcoming quarter. 
Deepak Anand: 
So trend from a stand-alone standpoint, you will -- you should continue to see a growth of the 
similar kind -- we are working on certain capacity challenges, which should open up, like I 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
mentioned, by end of this quarter. So by quarter 4, you will start seeing a good amount of growth 
that will come in place.  
We will also start seeing the EBITDA getting recovered as a part of 2 things. One is on the 
strength of robotics and robotic rentals that are coming through, and also from a standpoint of 
the product mix that we'll focus to sell, which are higher margin ones. So you will see a better 
in quarter coming year for stand-alone. 
Naman: 
And like -- what exactly led to the rise in our ALOS during the quarter, like on a Y-o-Y basis, it 
stands at INR3.7 crores, growing by approximately 4%. So if you could just help us understand. 
Amit Kumar: 
Could you clarify your question again? It was -- there was a noise behind it, and we could not 
hear it properly. 
Naman: 
Yes. So I just wanted to know that what led to the rise in your ALOS during the quarter, like if 
you compare it on a Y-o-Y basis, it has grown up by 4%. So if you could just help us understand. 
Amit Kumar: 
So it is just that there is a mix change of the specialty, which we have dealt in the period you are 
talking about. It had led to a slight increase in there. 
Naman: 
And let me ask 1 last question. Does the company have any expansion plan in the northeastern 
region, there has been a lot of expansions going on. So like are you planning to expand your 
presence in the northeastern region? 
Amit Kumar: 
The answer is no. Not on the cards right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shubham from Purnartha Investment Advisers. 
Shubham: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I just want to ask about the strategy of ours regarding government 
business because I think so earlier, we have said that we will reduce the government business 
gradually. 
Nishita Shukla: 
Yes. Hello, sir. I'm Nishita. And regarding government business, if you see all big hospitals and 
the government business has reduced in Surat and all, where we are planning to reduce 
Ayushman and converting it to self-paying and TPA patients. 
The increase of business is only at Mohali unit, if comparatively we see all the hospitals. Mohali 
unit, we have a lot of ECHS patients, and that is how we are getting the patients more to 
emergencies and all. So we are treating that patient. So as such, the strategy remains same of 
increasing our TPA self-paying work, but at 1 or 2 units, we have allowed them to have and treat 
that patient. 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Shanay Shah: 
I'll just to add. In Mohali, it is very difficult to operate without the without the empowerment of 
ECHS. And similarly, in Jabalpur, a big majority of the patients come from CGHS. So these 2 
cities, we have to take up a lot more government work than we would want to. 
Shubham: 
So you are saying basically due to Mohali and Gwalior, the government business has increased 
from 23% last year to 27% in current quarter. 
Shanay Shah: 
The increase is because of Mohali, but most of the government work, significant government 
work is being done in Jabalpur and in Mohali for ECHS and CGHS, respectively. 
Shubham: 
And that conclude -- that will increase your government business by 4% approximately. 
Shanay Shah: 
For this quarter, yes, it has increased. Yes. And the fact that what Dr. Nishita alluded to earlier 
on the fact that some of the insurance work was postponed to this quarter because of the ongoing 
negotiations with the insurance company, that has also translated into lesser TPA business, 
which has by default kind of -- because of that reason, you'll see a higher government number 
for this quarter. 
Shubham: 
And second question on Shalby International. Earlier, I think so you have said that TPAs are 
enrolled -- TPAs are going to be enrolled in Shalby International, so has been TPAs are enrolled 
currently or what's status there? 
Nishita Shukla: 
Yes, we are in negotiation, like 2 or 3 TPAs are closed, but we are also waiting for NABH 
accreditation. As per NABH accreditation, our TPA rate negotiations are different. So 
everything has been applied. We are just waiting for the certification of NABH. So once it is 
done, another 4, 5 more TPAs will be on-boarded. 
Shubham: 
So Shalby International only, our focus is on international business there more or domestic also 
we want to tap up? 
Nishita Shukla: 
So we will be doing domestic also. So international was already there earlier, but now we are 
also focusing on domestic business. As Dr. Vikram Shah starting his OPD and IP over there, he 
is already receiving a lot of domestic patients. 
Shubham: 
And on tax rate, what would be the tax rate going forward? 
Amit Kumar: 
It would be 25%. 
Shubham: 
From Q3 only, it would be 25% going forward. 
Amit Kumar: 
So for the year, which is '26 year, which we are underway, the applicable rate would be 25%. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kashish Thakur from Elara Securities. 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Kashish Thakur: 
Just like -- everyone from the management, I just wanted to dig your brain around or what kind 
of benefit we can get from the CGHS rate revision, which happened earlier this quarter. What 
kind of like growth on top line orders on EBITDA, we can expect from that because as we said 
that we have some -- we have increased our revenue 4% from the Mohali hospital as we have 
undertaken CGHS. So can you just help around that? 
Shanay Shah: 
Yes. So on the CGHS front, the rate revisions will definitely help us. And we will basically be 
seeing -- we are seeing that the CGHS rates have inched closer to the self-paying rates also. So 
we will start seeing an impact -- we will -- basically, at this point of time, we are not able to 
share what is the incremental impact. But yes, there will be a positive impact on the margins and 
a positive impact on the revenues. 
Kashish Thakur: 
And what -- do we have a positive impact from GST as well? 
Shanay Shah: 
Yes. There will be a positive impact on GST as well, yes, absolutely. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Sir, 1 just question on our revenue mix. Still around 34% is driven from ortho-related stuff. Are 
we planning some measures to reduce that? Or is it going to continue in a similar manner? 
Shanay Shah: 
So we have come to 34% level. And earlier, even if you look at the numbers, 4 quarters earlier 
or 8 quarters earlier, you could see that we were at about 40%, right? So about 10 years ago, this 
number was close to 60%, 70%. And so I think it has drastically come down despite the 
arthroplasty business growing for the group. So the reason is that some of the other specialties 
have picked up faster in some of the new locations where we started. 
So as we speak from the investor presentation also, you could make out that the mix is very well 
diversified between cardiology, neurology, nephrology, oncology, transplant, critical care. So 
about 10% coming from each of these 10 specialties. So now I think from here on, we believe 
that it will further come down arthroplasty business. But be very gradual because arthroplasty 
business will also continue to grow along with some of the other specialties. 
Kashish Thakur: 
Also, just last on how are FOSO and FOSM business has performed for this quarter? If you can 
quantify, usually, we used to quantify earlier presentation, what has been the performance, and 
if you can quantify that. 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes. So on to the performance, we are awaiting the outcome to be better off in the coming 
quarters. There are certain measures underway. The performance is -- the results of that is 
expected to come in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments. 

 
 
Shalby Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
November 15, 2025  
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes. So thank you, everybody, for joining the call. We'll connect again into the next quarter. 
And meanwhile, if you have any questions, you can please reach out to our investor e-mail ID. 
And thank you for joining this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities India Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
-- -- -- 
