 
HIGHWAY INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED  
CIN: U45203MP2006PLC018398 
GSTIN: 23AABCH6631A1Z9 
REG. OFFICE ADDRESS: 57-FA, SCHEME NO. 94, PIPLIYAHANA JUNCTION, RING ROAD, INDORE,  
(M.P.) – 452016, INDIA 
Tel: +91-731-2590013, 4047177  
E-Mail: hiplindore@gmail.com, Visit us at: www.highwayinfrastructure.in
 
 
 November 11, 2025 
 
To, 
The Secretary, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai- MH 400001. 
To, 
The Secretary, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, BKC, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - MH 400051. 
 
Scrip Symbol: HILINFRA | Scrip Code: 544477 | ISIN: INE00RL01028 
 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of Earnings Conference call for quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2025.  
 
In continuation to our letter dated November 7, 2025, pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on Friday, November 7, 2025, 
wherein the management of the Company discussed the Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Highway Infrastructure Limited 
 
 
 
_______________ 
Palak Rathore 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A-73755 
 
Encl: As above. 
 
 
Palak 
Rathore
Digitally signed by 
Palak Rathore 
Date: 2025.11.11 
11:58:36 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Highway Infrastructure Limited Q2 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN KUMAR JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
MR. ANOOP AGARWAL – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. RIDDHARTH JAIN – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SAURABH MITTAL – JOINT CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Highway Infrastructure Limited Q2 and 
H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Bhatt. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Bhatt: 
Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Highway Infrastructure Limited, I 
welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. The Results and Investor 
Presentations have already been shared and are also available on our website and through our 
filings with the Stock Exchanges. 
Joining us today to discuss the company's performance and outlook are Mr. Arun Kumar Jain - 
Managing Director; Mr. Anoop Agarwal - Whole-Time Director and CFO; Mr. Riddharth Jain 
- Director and CEO; Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Joint CFO. 
Before we proceed, a disclaimer: 
Please note that anything said on this call during the course of the interaction and in our 
collaterals, which reflects the outlook towards the future or which should be construed as a 
certain forward-looking statement, must be viewed in conjunction with the risks the company 
faces and may not be updated from time to time. More details are provided at the end of the 
inventor presentation and other filings available on the website at www.highwayinfrastructure.in  
Should you have any queries or further requirements following this call, please feel free to reach 
to us via the contact details provided in the inventor materials. 
With that, I now hand over the call to Mr. Riddharth. Over to you, sir. 
Riddharth Jain: 
Thank you and good afternoon to all investors and analysts. This is a landmark moment for 
Highway Infrastructure Limited as we have hosted our first Earnings Call since the listing. I 
would like to start with a brief about the company. 
Highway Infrastructure Limited is a diversified infrastructure company with over 3 decades of 
execution experience in the verticals of EPC Infrastructure, Tollway Collection, and Real Estate. 
We currently operate across 11 states and 1 union territory and our business spans across pan-
India. Over the last 3 years, we had delivered consistent growth. Our order book has scaled from 
Rs. 225 crores in March 2023 to Rs. 775 crores as of September 2025. Profit after tax has grown 
from Rs. 13.8 Crores in FY23 to Rs. 22.4 Crores in FY25. 
Now, I would like to share some recent developments of the company: 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
During this quarter, we have achieved highest ever order book of Rs. 775 Cr. We have 
commenced toll collection at Muzaina Fee Plaza in the state of Uttar Pradesh with a contract 
value of Rs. 67.77 Cr. We have initiated toll operations for 4-lane Greenfield Expressway 
connecting to the Delhi-Vadodara Greenfield Expressway with a contract value of Rs. 18.97 
crores. We have started operations at Chotiya Fee Plaza with a contract value of Rs. 31.07 Cr. 
We have also secured 2 new EPC contracts from AiCTSL for development of external 
electrification infrastructure to support electric bus charging with a total contract value of Rs. 
3.05 Cr. We have also received LOA of operation of 8-lane Access Control Expressway with a 
contract value of Rs. 25.26 Cr. We have recently launched the Neww York City Phase-IV project 
in Indore, adding 0.17 million square feet of saleable area to our real estate portfolio. These 
developments reinforced our strategy of scaling toll operations in high traffic corridors and 
expanding our real estate footprint in key micro-markets. 
I would now like to give a brief overview about our business verticals. About EPC infrastructure, 
EPC infrastructure is the backbone of our company. We execute highways, bridges, IT parks 
and housing projects. Key deliveries include PMAY Housing worth Rs. 147 crores and major 
road rehabilitation works in Madhya Pradesh. We have already delivered 69 projects as on date 
and 20 projects are still under construction. The share of government projects are higher, 
ensuring payment comfort. 
About the Tollway Collection vertical, the Tollway Collection vertical is our second vertical 
where we manage toll charges on high traffic corridors under NHAI contracts. Successfully 
completed 31 projects and scaled from operating 7 toll plazas in FY24 to 15 in FY25. Supported 
by digital toll management systems that minimize leakage and improve efficiency, usually the 
contracts are of 90 days period to 1 year. In the Real Estate segment, residential real estate 
operates on an asset-light model focused on mid-income housing. We have delivered over 2,600 
units to date, including landmark projects such as Karuna Sagar and Neww York City in Madhya 
Pradesh. The revenue grew from Rs. 3 crores in FY24 to Rs. 8 crores in FY25. 
About commercial real estate, it is an emerging segment where we generate lease rental income 
from hospitality and commercial properties. This provides steady annuity like revenue stream 
and complements our residential business. We are actively exploring expansion through 
partnerships and asset-light models to enhance our recurring income. 
Now, I would like to move on to our growth strategy. Our growth strategy is anchored on 4 
pillars. 
1. Focus on growing existing business verticals. Our aim is to strengthen our core businesses 
while introducing complementary services that enhance quality of economics and customer 
experience. 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
I would like to mention a few verticals that we will in the future be venturing and the companies 
interested to venture in. To start with, I would like to mention Way-Side Amenities and Trucker 
Facilities. HIL plans to include fuel stations, EV charging points, food courts, etc. Also major 
focus in building for EPC and renewable energy projects. So Way-Side Amenities and Trucker 
Facilities will add value to the company as commercial real estate income, but under new EPC 
contract segment. These will be contracts with the national government NHAI and this will add 
value to the commercial income of the company. The company also wants to venture in 
renewable and adjacent opportunities. We will use EPC expertise to explore EV infrastructure, 
solar projects and partnerships for hospitality and commercial sector. Our major focus in EPC 
will be on renewable projects. We also plan to generate lease income from rental properties such 
as hotels and F&B outlets. 
2. Our order book stands at Rs.775 crores as of September 2025, up by 46% in H1 FY26 
providing multi-modal visibility. EPC contributes Rs. 584 crores and Tollway Rs. 191 crores. 
Of this, Rs. 150- 200 crores worth of EPC projects are expected to be completed within 2 years. 
We anticipate an additional Rs. 250 crores in order work inflows over the next 2-3 months, 
supported by robust bid pipeline. Most projects from government agencies enjoy strong 
execution certainty and payment security.  
3. Selectively expanding geographical footprint, we are now deepening our presence in high-
growth states such as Assam, Gujarat, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, while targeting new markets 
including Jammu Kashmir, Bihar, Telangana, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Daman & Diu. This is in 
with the strong support given by the government in the EPC and Infra segment. 
4. About balance sheet and return optimization, financial prudence remains central to our 
strategy. We have improved our debt-to-equity ratio to 0.61x and maintained a healthy cash 
position to support bidding and expansion. Our return ratio remains strong, with ROE at 19.1% 
and ROCE at 16.7% in FY25. 
A little about our financial performance. For Q2 FY26, the total revenue stood at Rs. 115.3 
crores compared to Rs. 119.4 crores as against Q2 FY25. During H1 FY26, the total revenue 
was Rs. 227.8 crores against Rs. 226.8 crores in H1 FY25. The EBITDA during Q2 FY26 
significantly increased by 253% year-on-year and stood at Rs. 13.7 crores against Rs. 3.9 crores 
in Q2 FY25. The EBITDA during H1 FY26 was Rs. 25.8 crores against Rs. 12.7 crores in H1 
FY25, a growth of 102% year-on-year. EBITDA margin during H1 FY26 stood at 11.3%. The 
profit after tax, a growth of 515% year-on-year and stood at Rs. 9.7 crores in Q2 FY26 against 
Rs. 1.6 crores in Q2 FY25. During H1 FY26, profit after tax was Rs. 16.9 crores against Rs. 5.8 
crores, a significant growth of 192% year-on-year. The PAT margin was 7.4% during H1 FY26. 
Our balance sheet remained strong with debt-to-equity ratio at 0.28x and net cash-on-cash 
equivalents of Rs. 52.8 crores. All the information is available in the presentation and now, I 
will request to open the floor for any questions. Thank you so much. 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Viral Shah from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
Hello, good afternoon. So when you look at in terms of technical qualification for the EPC 
portion, as a company, how much we can bid for a single project? 
Riddharth Jain: 
For a single project? 
Viral Shah: 
For a single project on standalone basis, yes? 
Riddharth Jain: 
So it depends on the kind of project you are trying to bid for. So for all the projects go for pre-
qualifications and so given that every agency has a different pre-qualification for the project you 
want to bid for. For example, NHAI might have a different pre-qualification, NBCC might have 
a different pre-qualification. 
Viral Shah: 
So when we look at NHAI, what is the pre-qualification we are qualified for? 
Riddharth Jain:: 
Sorry? 
Viral Shah: 
When you look at NHAI, on a single bid basis, how much we are pre-qualified for bid for a 
single project on standalone basis? 
Riddharth Jain: 
We are qualified for approximately Rs. 200-Rs. 250 crores for one single project from NHAI. 
Viral Shah: 
And when it comes to Toll, what is the qualification we are qualified for? 
Riddharth Jain: 
For Toll, basically, given the total networth today I am qualified for about Rs. 1,000 worth of 
project for single contract. 
Viral Shah: 
Sir, in terms of bid pipeline when you look at from NHAI and others, for our set of qualification, 
what is the bid pipeline we are looking at and what is the awarding stage and what is happening 
on the bid pipeline? Could you give us some clarity there? 
Riddharth Jain: 
In terms of Tollway, we are actively bidding. So what is happening is basically we are actively 
bidding for the 3 months project and our 3 months projects are being converted into 1 year 
projects for toll collection. So now, we have much more opportunity now that we have better 
understanding of these new projects. So basically, what NHAI does is for the newer projects, 
they put the newer projects under 3 months contract and after running for 3 months contract and 
understanding the feasibility, they put the same contract for one year. So having said that, now 
that we are updating 3 major expressways under the 3 months contract, we have a better visibility 
on where we can bid for the newer contracts. So, we will see a good visibility in the near future 
for Tollways and similarly going for EPC contracts also. We are actively looking at different 
segments in EPC. Like I mentioned in my speech as well, we are actively looking at renewable 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
energy EPC contracts as well, road contracts and building contracts. So you will see a good 
visibility in the near future. 
Viral Shah: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Riddharth Jain:: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nandish Shah from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Nandish Shah: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and good afternoon to everyone. Sir, my first question is on order 
book. So, we have clocked the revenue of around Rs. 227 crores for the first half. So, what kind 
of execution run rate can we see for the second half? 
Riddharth Jain: 
So as we like to mention, given our historical performance in finances, we can see that for us, 
the company, we book major revenue in Q3 and Q4. About 60%-65% of our revenue is booked 
in Q3 and Q4. This is because of the nature of business we are in. Most of the contracts that we 
pick up, most of them are built in Q3 and Q4. So, you will see good, healthy execution and 
numbers in Q3 and Q4. And this is almost supported by our financials. 
Nandish Shah: 
Thanks. Sir, can you comment on the net debt numbers and what kind of leverage can we see 
going forward? 
Riddharth Jain: 
Sorry sir, can you come again? Your voice is muffled. 
Nandish Shah: 
Sir, I am asking about what is the current net debt number and what is the target leverage which 
we can see going forward for FY26 and FY27? 
Riddharth Jain: 
Sir, current net debt is Rs. 60 crores as on 30th of September. 
Nandish Shah: 
And sir, what is the target going forward? 
Riddharth Jain: 
So, it will be reduced because we have IPO funds. We will utilize it first and then after that in 
future, we will go for funding. 
Nandish Shah: 
Sir, majority of our order book is from government projects. So sir, can you comment on the 
payment cycle which you are currently looking at? 
Riddharth Jain: 
Sir, there has been absolutely no delay in payments from government at the moment. And our 
strategy is to work with such government agencies where there is no issue of receivable payment. 
And that is also supported by we timely execute all of our projects and that is our agenda. So, 
government agencies also support such kind of contractors and that is why we have not seen any 
problem in that segment. 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Nandish Shah: 
Sir, this year we have seen a lot of good order books in road projects. But sir, since last 6 months, 
we have not seen that kind of order pipeline, especially for the road projects. So any comments 
on that? 
Riddharth Jain: 
Actually, the thing is, market is such that we have expertise in road building, we have expertise 
in general EPC contracts. So, as a company we try to look at where we have better opportunities 
because it is contract to contract basis. We saw a lot of opportunities in building works and so 
that is why we were entering more into building works. In the near future, when we see better 
opportunities in road construction, we will definitely want to venture in that because our 
expertise lies in both. The expertise lies in execution, procurement, and construction in general. 
So, whatever it may be, may it be solar, may it be building works, may it be road construction, 
we are happy to venture in all. There is no one particular segment. 
Nandish Shah: 
Sir, I am done with my questions. Thank you so much for the opportunity and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ninad Sabnis from Sabnis Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I went through the presentation of the 
company, must really compliment it, a very well-made presentation. There is a good basic 
understanding of the company. I have a couple of questions. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you Mr. Ninad, but there seems to be disturbance from your background. 
Please speak through handset if you can. 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Yes. Sorry for that. I have noticed that our current order book is around Rs. 770 crores. So, could 
you give me an outlook as to what is the timeline for execution? 
Riddharth Jain: 
So, all of our projects are basically timed between 18-24 months. And so accordingly, you can 
understand the kind of execution that will come up. And like I said, the execution is very 
different. So, for building projects, the initial groundwork preparation, all of that takes a lot of 
time. So, the booking of revenue will be less. And that is why, as I mentioned earlier, this is an 
earlier question, that we get maximum revenue booking in Q3 and Q4. That is because of the 
nature of contract that we have, right. 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Right. And can you elaborate on HAM projects, how much focus do we have and going forward, 
will the proportion of HAM projects increase much more? 
Riddharth Jain:: 
So basically, I would like to mention, also clarify is that since HAM projects look very attractive 
on the surface level, we are actively looking at good opportunities in HAM. It is not like HAM 
projects, all of the HAM projects are as good as they seem because the model is as good. So we 
can maximize the profit in HAM projects. Although, , now NHAI is also producing more BOT 
projects against HAM projects. So again, the National Government is also moving to focus on 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
different models. They are trying out newer models also. And again, like I said, that venturing 
into newer models gives you a good benefit initially because you have a start-up benefit. So 
instead of only focusing on HAM, we are also looking at better and newer opportunities all over 
in the industry landscape. 
Ninad Sabnis: 
And it is just a broad forward-looking question. Could you just give a medium-term overview 
of what kind of growth or what could be our revenue and margin target for say FY28? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
For EBITDA, we are expecting 8%-12% in FY27-28. And we are very comfortable with the 
number because going on, we have lower finance costs. We have better-looking opportunities 
with EBITDA margins. So, I think this number, the companies feel comfortable in achieving. 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Yes, we have good cash-on-books now and debt-to-equity has also come down considerably at 
a comfortable level. Great. Sir, just one last question if I can squeeze in. Our geographical 
footprint is majorly in 5 states which you have mentioned in the presentation, with MP and UP 
being top 2. So, going forward, will that remain the same or any state where you are seeing 
particular interest, long order book or good opportunities available which could convert into 
order book going to the future? 
Riddharth Jain: 
So, I will first thank you for the question because it is a very interesting question. I would love 
to answer that. I think we are not talking about states. We choose states very strategically. It is 
very important to understand that you have to create a portfolio which mitigates maximum risk 
and maximizes our profit. Let us say we talk about toll collection. So, it is a very basic strategy 
where toll collection is reduced or significantly reduced in the months of winter where there is 
a lot of fog, for example, right. 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Sorry, I couldn't get your last sentence. Could you please repeat the audio? 
Riddharth Jain: 
For example, let us start with Tollway. So, Tollway, the traffic on roads reduces because of fog. 
Let us say we have a toll in North. So, we know the revenue will be dropping in those particular 
months. So we try to mitigate by taking tolls much in the South because fog is not an issue. So 
that is how we try to play, we try to mitigate all of the issues that come up in this industry 
basically. And going forward, in between EPC, we are trying to look at multiple states. We don't 
want to limit ourselves to Madhya Pradesh. We are actively looking at different states such as 
Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and similarly, goes for real estate. We have a very good 
hold of real estate in the state of Madhya Pradesh. But again, actively looking for better 
opportunities in other states also. Because this gives us good talent, good opportunities, good 
profit margins, and also to avoid any concentration of risk that working in one state might bring 
us. 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Correct. That is good. So I may be pushing myself, but could you tell like which state is the next 
priority after MP and UP? 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Riddharth Jain: 
I would not say that any state is a priority because it is subjective to government policies which 
change. 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Riddharth Jain: 
It is very important to closely monitor what the state government wants. It is very important to 
monitor how the government wants the state to develop and what kind of sectors. So for example, 
real estate might be very dominant in Gurgaon. We are actively looking at MP and UP to take 
up EPC projects, building projects in Gurgaon, like the road network is very healthy in the state 
of Uttar Pradesh. We would actively like to look into EPC contracts for roadways in the state of 
Uttar Pradesh. So, this is very subjective. Today, I cannot target a particular state for this thing. 
But then having said that, I think every state has their own USP in which particular section the 
government wants to take them. So, we are actively monitoring that. And so, yes, I hope that 
answers your question. 
Ninad Sabnis: 
Great, sir. All the best for your journey. We will be closely tracking. Thank you so much for the 
opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Priyam Shah from Value Equity. Please 
go ahead. 
Priyam Shah: 
Good afternoon, sir. Sir, thanks for the opportunity. So, I have some questions with regards to 
our several verticals. So first, this is pertaining to our commercial real estate portfolio. If you 
can give some more insights about this vertical and if you can share what kind of projects that 
we have already executed and how do you see this segment growing up? 
Riddharth Jain: 
We see commercial real estate as a segment which will provide us with steady income and 
income over the years. And so, what the company is doing actively is that we have strategically 
located, purchased land parcels from previous years. And now, we are seeing that the market is 
maturing. And so, in time we will develop those land properties strategically so that we can 
generate more commercial income. That commercial income could be from hospitality, 
commercial shops, office spaces. That is again subject to the location and the market growth in 
that particular segment. 
Priyam Shah: 
And if you can share, what would be the annual rental income that you are looking for? 
Riddharth Jain: 
It is difficult to put a number to that, but if we can take up this question offline, you can reach 
out to EY and then we can take up this question. To give you a very rough workup, I would like 
to mention that we are eyeing at something around Rs. 15-Rs. 20 crores yearly. 
Priyam Shah: 
And my second question pertains to the margins for the EPC division. So, as we scale up, do 
you see that we are able to get better margins for the EPC segment? And if you can specify, what 
would be the range of the margins going ahead? 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Riddharth Jain: 
Definitely, like Mr. Saurabh mentioned that we are looking at better margins in near future. That 
is because we are also entering into different other kinds of EPC infrastructure projects. And so, 
the company looks at a range of 10%-12% margin in the near coming future. 
Priyam Shah: 
My next question is with respect to the overall holistic margin as a company. So in H1, we are 
clocking close to 11%-12%. What we need to understand is, are these margins sustainable or we 
expect that there will be some normalization in the coming quarters? 
Riddharth Jain: 
Can you come again to the last part? Sorry. 
Priyam Shah: 
So, can we expect some normalization in the coming quarters as far as EBITDA margins are 
considered? 
Riddharth Jain: 
No, I think we can confidently say that these margins can be sustained. And even more so, we 
are looking at better growth in margins, like I mentioned earlier. So, steady is for sure, and we 
are also aiming for a better output in the coming Financial Year for better margin. 
Priyam Shah: 
Sure. My next question is with regard to our overall order book. So, as you had mentioned that 
our current order book is approximately Rs. 775 crores. So, what is the aspirational order book 
that we are targeting in the next 2-3 years? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Our success ratio is approximately 25%. So, we are aggressively bidding. In the future, we are 
targeting to make an order book of Rs. 1,000 crores by the end of this year. 
Priyam Shah: 
Sir, an order book of Rs. 1,000 crores will come at the end of this year? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Yes. During the year, as we are bidding, as you can see, from August to September, we have 
built an EPC book of Rs. 250-300 crores. And in Toll operations segment, we have locked 
bidding of Rs. 250 crores from August to October. 
Priyam Shah: 
And sir, the order book that we have, can you tell us the approximate timeline of it? How do you 
see the execution of these order books? 
Riddharth Jain: 
The order book execution, as I mentioned earlier also, that we have approximately an execution 
timeline of 18-24 months, approximately 1.5-2 years. So, you can divide it accordingly. In the 
first 2 quarters, we are realizing about 35%-40%. In the next 2 quarters, we are realizing more 
than 65%. And actually, this is very important to also understand with the SEZ and all of the 
benefits that the government is passing on, these benefits are in turn also being passed on to the 
contractors with the raw material cost going down, finance cost going down. So definitely, the 
margins are going to increase. And these increased margins will also help the company to bid 
for, to go for more ambitious bids where we can increase our success ratio. 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Priyam Shah: 
Sir, my next question would be with regards to the financial position. So currently, if we see, 
our debt-to-equity stands at 0.6:1, which is considered to be a very good standard as of now. So, 
do we aspire to become a debt-free company in the coming 2-3 years? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Yes, definitely. But as it’s a capital intensive business. Now, if we go for work, we will also 
need money. So maybe in the future, we will reduce the debt, but if needed, we will also rectify 
it. 
Priyam Shah: 
Correct. And sir, my last question. Sir, now, if you see our revenue split, so now more than 75% 
is coming from the toll collection. Our EPC segment is 20% and the real estate is about 2%. So, 
in the future, do we see that there would be a shift, toll collection will be toned down and the 
share of EPC and real estate will increase in the future? 
Riddharth Jain: 
Yes, I understand your question. And it is a very important question because it is very important 
to understand when the companies are also at a 50-50 distribution in toll and EPC. According to 
the market landscape, the decisions of the company can vary. Let us say that the government is 
more focused on EPC. So, we would like to focus more on EPC. This is a very good comfort for 
the company also that we have the opportunity to venture into different segments. So, we try to 
keep the ratio such that our book and finances remain healthy.  So that is again what the market 
is calling for. But as a company we are eyeing at 50-50 ratio for EPC and toll in the near future. 
Priyam Shah: 
Sure. I am done with my questions. Thanks for answering my questions patiently and I wish you 
all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Raman from Sequent Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Raman: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. I have just two questions. One is with respect to the EPC 
project. I have seen that you are planning to enter this new division with taking up new EPC 
project. So, do you expect any large CAPEX or working capital requirement going forward with 
respect to this EPC project? And if so, how are you planning to manage that? 
Riddharth Jain: 
I am sorry, there is a slight mumbling from your end. Can you come again with that? 
Raman: 
Sir, I just want to understand now the company has a lot of EPC project to be executed. Are you 
planning to take a large CAPEX or working capital with respect to the EPC project? And if so, 
how are you planning to fulfill your working capital requirement with respect to this EPC 
project? 
Riddharth Jain: 
Right now, the company will be primarily using IPO proceeds. And then going forward, we will 
see, it is subjective again like the capital requirement. So right now, we will go forward with the 
IPO proceeds and then with the time, the company will decide for the same. Although, having 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
said that, there will be a very good cycle that will show cash flow will be coming in from the 
projects that we execute. So, at the moment, we are not looking at increasing the debt. 
Raman: 
And sir, my second question is, it is a similar question. I just want to understand what type of 
projects we are planning to undertake under the EPC infra segment? And is there any average 
size in your mind and average duration of this EPC project execution? 
Riddharth Jain: 
There is not one thing that we are looking at. So there are so many new opportunities, there are 
many new kinds of opportunities that are coming in EPC. And we are very happy to know that 
our team is very confident in executing, procuring and constructing any kind of EPC contract. 
And as I mentioned earlier in my speech as well, we are actively looking at renewable energy, 
EPC contracts, we are looking at building work contracts, we are looking at roads contracts. And 
we are also searching for any kind of new contract that will give us a benefit, a startup benefit 
for the company that we would like to venture in. 
Raman: 
Understood. 
Riddharth Jain: 
The company is now in a good time to put the team's effort into new kinds of EPC contracts 
also. 
Raman: 
And sir, also I have noticed in your investor deck, you also plan to foray into HAM based project. 
Can you throw some light on that aspect? 
Riddharth Jain: 
Yes. I think HAM is a very good model proposed by NHAI, overall supporting the contractors, 
building the roads. But like I said, the time government is constantly changing in the kind of 
models that they are giving out for the EPC contractor. So basically, HAM was a hot kind of 
model for NHAI about a time ago. Now again, NHAI is moving towards BOT models, TOT 
models. So, it is a very evolving landscape, the kind of financing for the project changes, the 
kind of project that NHAI gives out kind of changes. So, it would not be right to say that we are 
only looking at HAM, but HAM is one of the kind of projects that we are looking at, at the 
moment. 
Raman: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aniesh from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aniesh: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question is, how will you prioritize or manage growth 
across EPC, road operations, residential and commercial real estate? 
Riddharth Jain: 
So, are you asking how do we manage EPC and commercial real estate growth? 
Aniesh: 
And Toll operations, residential and commercial real estate. Yes. 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Riddharth Jain: 
How do we manage in the sense of? 
Aniesh: 
How will you prioritize the growth aspects in the EPC, toll operations, residential and 
commercial real estate? 
Riddharth Jain: 
In terms of growth aspect, every day the newspapers are flooding with the kind of focus the 
government has on infrastructure development. India being a developing country, you already 
know the background for developing countries to build infrastructure. The kind of tolls, 
expressways, the quality of infrastructure the government is pushing to develop, there is no limit 
to the amount of work you can do. There is so much work to do, there is so much infrastructure 
that is to be developed and so many opportunities by so many government agencies out there. 
Even so, private companies are also giving out so many opportunities. Real estate is booming in 
India because the land rates are constantly increasing. People from outside India are now 
investing in India and so land rates are increasing, so real estate segment is very healthy. 
Government is constructing new roads with, again, infrastructure segment has so many 
opportunities. Now, new roads are being constructed, so toll segment already has its boost 
because toll segment, new roads, the approvals and our toll collection agencies, we are 
participating in toll collection, so again it becomes an overall cycle. Now infrastructure will 
develop, so the land rates will go high, so real estate will become a very good place to put your 
focus in. So, all of these segments hold hands together and I think overall, there is a lot of scope 
in the coming years. 
Aniesh: 
And my second question, sir, how much income do you expect from the commercial real estate 
and from rentals in the next 2-3 years? 
Riddharth Jain: 
There is no fixed figure at the moment, but we are eyeing, optimistically we are eyeing at 
something in the ballpark of Rs.15-20 crores. 
Aniesh: 
Ok. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ansh Singh from Anived TMS. 
Ansh Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So just wanted to get some understanding on like how is the sales in 
the newly launched residential project, Neww York City, could you share some details about it? 
Riddharth Jain: 
Yes, definitely. I think one of the towers for the Phase-IV is near completion in terms of grey 
block. And we are looking at very good market, the market is showing a lot of interest in mid-
value apartments. The location is very opportunistic in terms because that is the growing part of 
Indore now. Indore, as you rightly know, that Indore is becoming a part of the quadrilateral in 
Madhya Pradesh. Indore is expanding as a very strategic location. And the location for that 
particular development is right on the bypass, which is now becoming a very heavily huge road 
and which will soon become a part of the city. I would like to mention what does a person look 
at for real estate development. They look for trust, they look for would others choose this 

 
Highway Infrastructure Limited 
November 07, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
particular development or not. So, I am very happy to mention that over 600 families are already 
living in that particular township whichbrings about a very big value of trust to newer clients. 
And so, we are getting a very good review from the market. 
Ansh Singh: 
Understood, sir. That is helpful. Also, sir, could you give us some insights about the commercial 
real estate portfolio? And what projects have we done here so far? And how do you see this 
segment shaping up going forward? 
Riddharth Jain: 
So, the company a couple of years back has procured the lands, eyeing that the lands will produce 
good value in the near future. Now, we feel that the market is slowly moving towards its 
maturity. And now also that the company is now eyeing at developing these properties and 
generating commercial income. These commercial incomes could be majorly from hospitality 
segment. We are also looking at office spaces because Indore is now slowly, given that IIT and 
IIM both are in this particular city that we are looking at, this is becoming a very big up for IT 
and other industries as well. And given that Pithampur is in the near vicinity so that there is a lot 
of job employment regeneration in the city, therefore we are looking at office spaces also apart 
from residential as well. And having said that new people, there is a fresh flow of employment, 
new people coming inside the city, then actually the rental income for residential apartments is 
also going to move up in the very near future. So, the company is looking at all three segments 
cohesively. 
Ansh Singh: 
Understood sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Riddharth Jain for closing comments. 
Riddharth Jain: 
Hi, thank you everybody for all of your questions. It was great talking to all of you and seeing 
the kind of time and all of our investors and analysts have put into this question-and-answer 
segment and into the company. For the closing remarks, I would like to mention that the Q2 
FY26 has been a milestone quarter for Highway Infrastructure Limited. We have delivered 
strong financial performance, expanded our order book and reinforced our position as a trusted 
infrastructure partner. The industry outlook is positive, and we are well positioned to capitalize 
on these opportunities with a disciplined approach to growth. Thank you all for joining the call 
today. If you have any questions remaining unanswered, kindly reach out to our Investor 
Relations Agency at EY. Thank you so much. Have a great day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Highway Infrastructure Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
