             
  
 
 
Ref. No. CS/S/L-929/2025-26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         14th November, 2025 
 
To:  
The Listing Department 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E ), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: VMART 
Fax: 022-26598120 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in  
To: 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
THE BSE LTD 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 534976 
Fax: 022-22723121 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 11th November, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
and amendment thereof. In reference to our letter dated November 4, 2025 (Ref. No. CS/S/L-919/2025-26) 
regarding the intimation of the conference call with Analysts and Investors held on 11th November, 2025, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the aforementioned conference call. 
 
The above information is also available on the Company's website: www.vmart.co.in.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Truly 
For V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
 
Megha Tandon 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
 
Encl: As above 
MEGHA 
TANDON
Digitally signed by 
MEGHA TANDON 
Date: 2025.11.14 
15:54:23 +05'30'

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
 
“V-Mart Retail Limited 
           Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
          Nov 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 MR. LALIT AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
V-MART RETAIL LIMITED 
 MR. ANAND AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL   
OFFICER V-MART RETAIL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PARIN TANNA – B&K SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to V-Mart Retail Ltd Q2 
FY26 earnings call hosted by B&K Securities India Pvt. Ltd. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there'll be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star and zero on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Parin Tanna. 
 
Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
 
Parin Tanna:  
Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome, everyone, for the call of V-Mart 
2Q earnings. 
 
We have Mr. Lalit Agarwal, the Chairman and Managing Director of the 
company, and we also have Mr. Anand Agarwal, the CFO of the 
company. Without delaying it further, we will request Mr. Lalit Agarwal 
to give us initial comments about the company's performance and 
outlook for the company going forward. Over to you, sir. 
 
Lalit Agarwal:  
Thank you, Parin. Good afternoon, everyone. The things look quite busy 
at our end. 
 
The festival has just gone by. We have almost covered half of Q3, but 
yes, for the last quarter or from the last quarter till now, we definitely 
are seeing a lot of enthusiasm in the market, a lot of enthusiasm getting 
driven by the government also this year, especially with respect to 
consumerism and with respect to consumer increment, especially 
because there was a GST or GST rate reduction which happened. So, the 
government was very particular in terms of the GST rollout, the way the 
consumers are being communicated about the benefits, the way the 
stores are being prepared on those. So, a lot of work happened on the 
GST side. Largely, I would say, looking at the consumer side, especially 
the consumers who are relatively the consumer which the Bharat 
consumer is mostly attuned to. So, that consumer is being given a little 
more focus by the government. 
 
That we see. There is a lot of hue and cry that happened. All the roller 
coaster play was always there because the announcement happened in 
the first week of September, the implementation happened around 
20th of September. 
 
So, all of that created some kind of wait and watch as well as for the 
consumer. But we did not see a lot of those impacts of GST rollout. 
Benefit was not too greatly visualized in the lower ticket size item. 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
 
But yes, we did see some of the benefits coming in the higher ticket size 
items, like a car or a bike or white goods. Overall, inflation is under 
control, which definitely gives a much better confidence level to the 
consumer. It also has created some kind of saving for the consumer. 
 
So, that part looks good for the futuristic perspective. The consumer will 
definitely save both from inflation as well as whatever GST reduction, 
which has happened. So, a lot of GST rate reduction has happened in 
FMCG, also in higher priced apparel and footwear. 
 
So, all of those benefits should in fact come in the later period is what 
we believe. And that should always be there. Other than that, I think 
there is definitely a lot of good things happening in the industrial side, a 
lot of good things happening in the business market. 
 
We are able to see some industries getting developed even in our 
states, which is Uttar Pradesh or lot of the changes which is coming in 
the states of Tamil Nadu or even in the states of Karnataka. But largely, 
we did see some good benefit also coming out of it. Definitely, the 
benefit, whatever we are accruing in the market is also getting 
subsumed or getting consumed by other retailers as well. 
 
And there is a good level of competition or retailers, which has also 
opened up the doors, which continues to happen. And which is also a 
good news that they all are finding the market very interesting. And 
everybody is able to retain good results. 
 
So, that has really given both the, it has become a share of organized 
has also gone up. The people have started opting more for the organized 
retail. And the share which was there is also getting shared amongst the 
retailers. 
 
So, both the sides are happening. Definitely, the seasonality on the 
seasonality side, rain was not as expected, did not behave as expected. 
There was some disrupted seasonality because of excess rain or 
multiple rain cycles even in the festival period. 
 
So, some of those activities or cyclonic activities in the coastal belt and 
southern belt or the Pujo market, which is the eastern market, did 
create an impact on the overall festival retail sales in the industry. That 
did give some impact for the peak week of Pooja. But otherwise, I think 
it looks good now. 
 
It definitely, we see a better perspective of season now with the onset 
of winter, winter has onset at the right time. We did see some impact 
in the Diwali. But Diwali was largely a summer Diwali this year because 
Diwali was, at the date level, it was the earliest Diwali that we could 
have. 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
 
Once again, in the next year, we will see Diwali coming down in 
November. November also late, late second week of November. So, 
Diwali at this time, generally, we see a lot of summer related products 
or even the basic related products selling more, which reduces the 
average selling price of the product line then that we see. But yes, 
immediately after Diwali, we saw some chill factor coming in and we 
saw immediate shift of the consumer from that product lines to the 
winter product lines, which is what we also wanted and which is what 
we also look forward to. This has definitely been benefited also with 
better marriage number of days. So, this year, because Diwali is early, 
we get higher number of days duration before 15th December as 
marriage days. So, that also is a benefit to the retail industry. Overall, 
we do consume during marriage season. So, we believe both Diwali as 
well as marriage as well as winter should help us to get a little delta sale 
in these kind of products. We are expecting a better November than 
even from an October perspective. Overall, Diwali was good, not great 
as per our expectation. 
 
We still feel that we could have done 4-5% better. But yes, it was a 
positive Diwali for us. There was growth, but not a great growth. 
 
We do believe that post Diwali should be a better period for us. That is 
what we expect. Definitely last quarter, we saw Durga Pooja coming 
early. So, some of the sales of Durga Pooja, which is largely in the 
eastern region or the eastern belt of India and some part of southern 
belt of India, they normally consume within Durga Pooja before 
Dussehra, before Ashtami. So, that is the period when we see a lot of 
sales getting accumulated in the Q2 period itself. That is why you were 
able to see some good like to like growth, which is almost up to the tune 
of 11%, which we reported. 
 
And a lot of other retailers have also reported because people who have 
a higher footprint or stronger footprint in the eastern belt would report 
a little better Q2 versus the Q3. And for us, there is definitely a share of 
eastern or southern retail business. But we also have an equally bigger 
share of Diwali sales, which is generally in Q3. 
 
So, some part of the sales definitely shifted. Some part of the sales will 
get affected for Q3 as well. So, we will see a little muted or low single-
digit sales growth in Q3 as well. 
 
Otherwise, overall, I think the organization keeps continuing their focus 
on the long-term growth factors, both on scalability, efficiency, what are 
the areas of growth that we can try, how do we really believe in growth 
strategies, what are the areas that we are working on. So, we are really 
working very hard or trying to work a little more harder on the product 
sharpness, the pricing, quality, design, build a little more technological 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
advancement in terms of supply chain management, agility in the 
warehouse, logistic agility. Some of these things have really come out 
well. 
 
Some of these things are struggling as well. There is definitely, we see a 
little high pressure on the vendor network. We do see some kind of 
stress also there because of higher number of store openings by value 
retailers. 
 
So, a lot of value retailers also are trying to chase similar kind of vendors. 
So, there is definitely some pressure that we are able to witness there 
where we are trying to build some more strategies. Otherwise, I think 
there is definitely better work happening towards all parts of the 
business, all areas of our processes. 
 
We are looking at a lot of AI introduction. We are looking at a lot of 
technology-led building blocks, which will further enhance our 
productivity efficiency as well as the accuracy in terms of giving the 
personalization or relevant merchandise to the relevant customers as 
the diverse India do demand multiple kind of product lines at different 
times. So, that is the base of our growth parameter and that is where 
we are working hard so that we become more analytical, we become a 
little more agile, we become a little more automated and we become a 
little more efficient so as to understand the consumer need, so as to 
understand and replenish the consumer need a little better. 
 
We continue to penetrate in southern India. Southern India is giving us 
a good response, Unlimited business has given us good response. States 
of Telangana and states of Andhra Pradesh continue to struggle as of 
now. 
 
We have not seen a lot of great growth on those two states. But yes, 
states of Tamil Nadu, as I said earlier, has given us a real good potential 
and that seems to be a clear path ahead for us to penetrate a little more 
strongly in that particular state and that is the area that we are also 
focusing on. But yeah, overall, there is definitely a lot of pressure in the 
business. 
We do believe that both in terms of building efficiency as well as 
building the future potential, there is a lot of work that the internal team 
members are getting into. They are definitely getting into both futuristic 
plans, futuristic project works which we are focusing on and also the 
current need of the business and also fulfilling the current challenges or 
taking care of the competition which is also coming. So, there is also a 
higher level of focus on building profitability. 
 
We have definitely succeeded in attracting consumers even in spite of 
our lower marketing strength or marketing reach. We have focused very 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
highly on the digital advertising in terms of micro as well as regional 
influences, led marketing. So, that part is really giving us some benefit. 
 
We definitely are continuing to focus on reducing the losses in Limeroad 
that has given us some benefit. We still plan, we still fix that. We want 
to clearly focus largely on the Omni orders and then we have shifted a 
lot of our Omni orders and our store-led Omni orders into prepaid 
orders which has also given us a lot of benefits in terms of the return 
rate getting reduced or the customer cancellation getting lower. 
 
And consumers are easily adopting all of that and that is a good news 
that we are also seeing. It is actually taking away a lot of pain for the 
consumer in terms of non-reliability of certain product lines or certain 
sizes. So, some of those pieces have really given us a good competitive 
advantage over others like that. 
 
Overall, I think our focus is largely to look at our expansion. We continue 
to expand. We are trying to accelerate on our expansion rate also. 
 
We would open up maybe around 70, 75 stores this year, if not more. 
And we may still close another three, four stores in the coming balance 
part of the year if there are a couple of stores which are still under the 
same. So, we will still look forward to continued expansion, not being 
very aggressive, but being very mindful of our aggression and being very 
mindful of our profitability even from the future stores. 
 
And which has been a good news, most of the stores that we have 
opened up in this particular year or last year are delivering better 
BEITDA, are delivering better growth , and are delivering better sales 
per square foot as well compared to the earlier period. So, a lot of work 
is happening in this new team have got into this. 
 
The team is really charged up in trying to give us a lot of organized, 
structured ways of growth and that is what is doing well for us. So, these 
are the areas I think we will definitely want to maintain the growth path, 
both from the Like for Like as well as the new store. Keeping in mind the 
inventory level, which is also we have been a little more sharper. 
We have become a little more better. The inventory at the store looks 
a little more fresher, much more fresher compared to last year. So, that 
should also benefit and our focus is also to try and increase that 
freshness, increase the mind-to-market or the ability to provide the 
product line whenever it sells more, not keep more inventory in the 
store. 
 
So, density reduction is again a focus area that we will continue to focus 
on. I will hand it over to Anand to take you through the quarterly 
numbers and then we may take up your questions. Thank you. 
 
 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Anand Agarwal:  
 Hi. Thank you, Lalit. And good afternoon, everybody. 
 
Let me very briefly take you through some of the key operational 
highlights from the quarter and then we can open the session for 
questions. I will try to keep my comments very brief so that we get more 
time for questions this time. So, quarter 2 has been a good growth 
quarter with highest ever quarterly new store additions as well as good 
like-to-like same-store sales growth, leading from the pre-ponement of 
Pujo. 
 
We delivered a total growth of 22%, also opened 25 new stores and also 
delivered a LTL, you know, growth of 11% with both Vmart and 
Unlimited Territories clocking, you know, similar 11% number. Although 
an early Durga Puja was negatively impacted by significant unseasonal 
rains in core Puja markets and GST transitory impact also remained, but 
I think at an overall level, we still delivered a good growth on all the 
fronts. On the new store opening, while we added 40 stores in first half 
of the year, we have further added 16 stores in the current quarter in 
the month of October and in the last 10 days of November, with a net 
store tally today of 549 stores as on date. 
 
So, as Lalit also mentioned, for the full year, we are largely increasing 
our guidance for new store openings to 75 stores by the end of the 
financial year. On Unlimited, I think Unlimited has been a very good 
strong growth story for the last couple of quarters and we remain very 
bullish on expanding our presence in South with more new stores 
additions going forward in the Southern Territory. Coming to margins, 
the gross margins remain flat at 33.6 percent, despite the 37 percent 
decrease in commission revenue from the Limeroad marketplace 
business, which otherwise contributes 1% to the overall sales, but flows 
through 100% into gross margins. 
 
So, for the offline business, actually the margins slightly improve, that 
was largely due to better than planned liquidation or better realizations 
on the end of season sales. Excluding the limeroad commission income, 
the gross margin improved by 0.6 % year on year for the offline 
business. On a full year basis, the gross margins from offline business 
should remain similar to last year as we continue to drive giving higher 
value to consumers and focusing on growth through volumes. 
 
While the Limeroad  commission income contribution mix would slightly 
reduce, optically reducing gross margin versus last year on a total basis. 
Coming to expenses, the total expenses increased 11%, largely led by 
planned significant drop in expenses in the Limeroad vertical and lower 
offline marketing expense as we continue to drive loyalty-based traffic 
to stores through digital interventions. The Google rating for all our 
stores contributed individually by lakhs of customers at store level 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
remains above 4.8 out of 5, while the NPS remains significantly above 
75%, ensuring more than 70% loyal customer repeat sales. 
 
As a result, for the offline business, EBITDA for the quarter came in at a 
strong 8.9%, with Vmart at 9.3% and Unlimited at 9.9%. The pre-India 
EBITDA for the quarter also came in at a positive 1% against a loss of 3% 
in last year. On the CAPEX side, we spent 30 crores in the quarter, which 
was majorly towards CAPEX on new store openings and some old store 
republishments. 
 
Inventory increased by roughly around 220 crores quarter on quarter as 
we up stocked for the festive season, which was earlier than last year. 
Irrespective, the days of inventory has improved by two days year on 
year on the back of better sales and throughput. At our overall level, 
inventory remains very healthy, much more fresher, and we look 
forward to a good, you know, winter season going ahead. 
 
Overall, the business generated free cash flows of 27 crores YTD versus 
a negative 63 crores in last year. I think that is all from my side, and I will 
now request Parin to open the house for questions.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. 
 
We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you 
may press star and two. 
 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. The first question comes from the line of Tejas Shah 
from Aventus Park Institutional Equities. 
 
Please go ahead.  
 
Tejas Shah:  
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. 
 
First question, Lalit Ji, pertains to the consumer sentiment, which you 
spoke in detail, but I am slightly not very – I am not clear. Just because 
when I look at your store expansion data, it tells me that we are very 
confident on the demand side. SSG, I would say, considering that there 
was a Pooja preponement, it is slightly neutral in zone. 
 
And your commentary was – your opening remarks was slightly, I would 
say, on the conservative side, not very thumb the devil. So, just wanted 
to understand, because there are too many things muffled in this 
quarter because of rains and Pooja and GST-led disruptions. What are 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
your – like, not for this quarter only, but how are you seeing the rest of 
the year and all those interventions that government has made? Are we 
seeing any very visible change in terms of footfall transaction, consumer 
sentiments?  
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Correct, Tejas. So, definitely, as I said, I meant that I am conservative, 
where I am saying that we expected a lot. We did not get a lot of such 
outcome post the GST implementation. So, there is nothing very 
different which happened, especially in terms of GST. 
 
People did not demand that. People did not ask for that. People – it did 
not make too much of difference for the people as far as the GST for our 
kind of products is concerned. 
 
So, that is what I said. But yeah, largely, we do see – I mean, definitely, 
as I said, Diwali was also a summer Diwali. The data did not show up too 
much. 
 
But immediately post that, now we are seeing a good – we are expecting 
also that these two months should be a very good growth of footfall 
which should happen. And we are expecting all of those savings which 
is getting accrued by all of whether inflationary rate getting neutralized 
or even those GST rates getting lower. So, all of those should get 
consumed and people should come out to consume a little more. 
 
Definitely, the economical conditions of people looks to be better 
comparatively. If I say comparatively, year on year, quarter on quarter, 
it looks to be a little better. People are a little more confident in 
spending and they should spend is what I expect. 
 
Tejas Shah:  
Perfect. So, second question pertains to competitive intensity among 
your peer set. And if we have to double down on the cohort-wise, so it 
could be that some of your cohorts, your competition is over-indexed in 
that competition that cohort is actually doing very well for you as well. 
But at overall level, perhaps that is not coming through. So, just wanted 
some insights on competitive intensity and if you can kind of layer it up 
with some reasonable nuances as well. 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
No, I think it continues. I would just say, call out that the competition 
intensity continues. Number of store, new store opening of competitor 
all together is also as a percentage of those continues to be there. 
 
There are competitors who are aggressive. There are competitors who 
are doing good in certain new stores. There are competition who still 
don't know certain territories, certain zones. 
 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
So, they may be struggling. But yes, overall it's a mixed response. We do 
find some kind of, and even for V-Mart, we do find some kind of impact 
coming in maybe 30-35% of the stores where competitor opens up. And 
there is some month or two-month disturbance which also gets created 
in terms of certain growth rate getting neutralized or certain growth 
getting picked in particular stores. But that particular period of time 
happens whenever there is a competition which walks in. We haven't 
seen that being very aggressive in any territory, but we are seeing it 
across India now. 
 
Southern territory looks a little lesser in terms of competition. But yes, 
there is another player on the block which is coming out, which is a Style 
Union competitor, which is also trying to open multiple stores. So, there 
are, Zudio was there, Max was there. 
 
But now this is also another piece which is coming in. So, there is 
different kind of competition at a territory level, which I said. There are 
more national players at the southern India side. 
 
There are more regional and all of these, these two, that StyleBazaar 
and Bazar Kolkata in the eastern side of India. There are more, very, very 
few in the northern and the western side. The north looks very tough 
for most of the competitors. 
 
That is where we come under a little better position in what we see.  
 
Tejas Shah:  
Perfect. And if I may squeeze in last one, unlimited seems to be doing 
fairly well now. So, has the model stabilized and can we kind of double 
down here in terms of rapid store expansion?  
 
Lalit Agarwal:  
We have our plans there. We just don't want to go everything left, right 
and center, because the property prices are not too attractive there. So, 
you have to really select well, so that it becomes very profitable. 
 
So, that is where we are trying to see our customer segment. And we 
are focusing especially in a couple of states. We have our increased 
thought process or increased penetration that we want to get it. 
 
But yes, it has been spread out very well.  
 
 
Tejas Shah: 
Thanks. That's all from my side and best wishes for coming quarters. 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sameer Gupta 
from India Infoline. Please go ahead. 
 
Hi, good evening everyone and thanks for taking my question. Firstly, 
sir, on the gross margin, now even if I exclude Limeroad, and I know you 
mentioned this for this quarter particularly, but now we have seen a 
four quarter run rate of gross margin excluding Limeroad on an average 
expanding by 100 basis points. But our commentary always has been to 
pass on more value to consumers and this margin, you know, might see 
some compression, but that has not happened so far. 
 
So, and you did mention in this call also. So, just wanted to get a tap on 
what exactly is happening. Also, I see ASP going up by 5%, but probably 
that's due to the early festive, your comment on that. 
 
Lalit Agarwal:  
So, but see, I mean, definitely our focus is on both the lines, as I have 
been always speaking out, that we have got enough focus on the whole 
design, sourcing, integration of mix, fabric, wherein we definitely want 
to pass on better value to the consumer. We have tried to do that. You 
will not see too much of ASP increase that we have got. 
 
So, we are giving more value to the consumer. We are also in the 
meantime trying to attract a fair margin. We do not want to just go out 
and give out at a very low price or at very low deals. 
 
But yes, we also, you can also see there is some change in mix of the 
business. Our lower margin product lines like FMCG, our share of 
business has reduced there. So, that is, that also is a cause of your better 
gross margin, which is visible to you. 
 
So, one is that. Two, on the second side, the whole, as the freshness of 
the organization has increased, the provision of the inventory also has 
been little lower. Maybe Anand can take you all of those in a little more 
detail. 
 
Anand Agarwal: 
I think, as Lalit mentioned, we should be able to, while the objective is 
to create more value for the customer and that will always remain the 
paramount objective. But with the projects that we have been 
undertaking for the last couple of years and the benefits that we have 
already started to accrue in terms of better pricing, sharper mix, better 
quality and better designs, we are still able, we are still able to deliver a 
good value for the customer without compromising so much on the 
pricing or the margins. So, it is a balanced strategy, but we are not just 
saying that we will just reduce margins for the sake of reducing. 
 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
We will look at the right approach where we are able to deliver the right 
value for the different set of geographical and regional customers in 
different areas.  
 
Sameer Gupta: 
 Got it, sir. That is very, very clear. 
 
Second question on similar lines. So, pre-India EBITDA margin, if I 
exclude Limeroad for the first half, is at around 4.4%. Typically, second 
half is higher, but this is also an early festive year. So, in your estimate, 
given the demand conditions and the clarity on gross margin plus the 
competitive intensity, where do you think this number should settle at? 
Typically, with decent SSG and no pressure on gross margin, I would 
assume that it should be close to 6%, but your thoughts on that?  
 
Anand Agarwal:  
So, Sameer, I think it is slightly premature to give a number, but what I 
can definitely say is on a full year basis, we should be looking at marginal 
improvement over last year, even with mid-single-digit same store sales 
growth. If we get much higher sales growth or much higher same store 
sales growth, obviously, the operating leverage will come in and we 
should be able to deliver the number that you are talking about. But 
definitely as of now we still looking at improvement over last year on a 
full year basis. 
 
Sameer Gupta:  
Got it sir, but only marginal improvement you are saying, I mean with a 
mid-single digit SSG. 
 
Anand Agarwal: 
So, I cannot commit any number right now, Sameer, because it is a 
function of many, many different factors, but obviously, we are trying 
for the best. But the number that you are stating is slightly above what 
I have in my mind, but I really cannot comment on a specific number.  
 
Sameer Gupta:  
Got it, sir. Last question, if I may squeeze in, more of a bookkeeping one. 
So, Tejas also mentioned too many moving parts this quarter, but on a 
normalized basis, in your estimate, what would be the same-store sales 
growth if we adjust for early festive and other disruptions like excess 
rainfall and there were some disruptions in the Northeast as well?  
 
 
 
Anand Agarwal:  
 So, you are trying to ask for the first half normalized SSG, or going 
forward? 
 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Sameer Gupta:  
This, the particular quarter gone by, but yeah, first half will also do.  
 
Anand Agarwal:  
 First half the SSG is 5% that’s what we have also put in up in our IR deck. 
Going forward, we are still hopeful of a mid to high single-digit for the 
full year. A lot will depend on how the quarter three pans out, especially 
the winter season, the next two months. 
  
Sameer Gupta:  
Anand may be I’ll rephrase the questions, the first quarter was also kind 
of impacted because of Eid mis-match and second quarter also because 
of the early festive and all so in your estimate if you could give a number 
on a normalized SSG in you estimates that would be helpful, that has 
happened 
 
Anand Agarwal: 
So I think from what I’m able to understand, I think the number still 5% 
for the period gone by. 
 
Sameer Gupta:  
                                     Ok, got it, that’s all Thanks, Thanks  
 
  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Deep Shah from 
Equarius Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Deep Shah:   
Hi, sir. Just one question from my side. See, in the opening remarks, Lalit 
mentioned that inventory freshness has been better. 
 
But if I am not wrong, in the fourth quarter earnings call, we mentioned 
that the winter, discounted winter inventory liquidation was not that 
great because winter was not as such that great last time. Am I right if I 
have to take that during the second half of the year, considering the 
discounted liquidation will be higher, there will be some pressure on the 
growth margins during the second half? Am I right if I understand? 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
 Shouldn't we, looking at the weather forecast this year, we believe we 
should be able to retain good margins even in the leftover inventory, if 
the season continues as it goes well as projected and as forecasted. So, 
we are hopeful that we will not lose too much of margin there. Okay. 
 
Great, sir. Thank you. 
 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harsh from 
Nepean Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Harsh: 
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. 
 
I believe I am audible. 
 
Moderator:  
You are audible, sir. 
 
 
Harsh :  
Yeah. So, if I just could get a sense, I heard Anand sir saying that the 
SSSG for three quarters is expected to be slightly on the softer side, 
which is low single digit. And we are expecting a mid to high single digit 
SSSG for the whole year. 
 
So, that means, you know, the second half or the fourth quarter has to 
be really huge for us. Do we still maintain that guidance in terms of 
revenue growth and SSSG? That is the first question. 
 
And secondly, on the ASP front. So, yeah, please go ahead, sir.  
 
Anand Agarwal: 
So, Harsh, I think, while I did not say that we have had, you know, a 
softer SSSG in the first half, but what I did say is that for the full year, 
the guidance that we still maintain is that we will still be looking at mid 
to high single digit for the entire year. 
 
How much of that will break out into because if you look at the first half, 
it has been 5%. So, which means if you have to maintain a mid-single 
digit, then it would still remain 5% for the second half as well, which 
should be practically be achievable in the normal scheme of things. If 
we get slightly better SSSG, I think, you know, we should we will be able 
to look at even better profitability than what we have assumed. 
 
Harsh: 
 So, my question was more from the 3Q perspective. I believe in the 
opening remarks, it was being said that, you know, the SSSG for 3Q is 
expected to be in low single digit. Was that understood or did I miss 
something? 
 
Lalit Agarwal:  
It should be somewhere in the mid because the way we have reported 
in the first half, we are expecting a similar kind of SSSG, which should 
be maintained even in the Q3 period as the festival is also shifted into 
Q2.  

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
 
Harsh:  
Understood. And lastly, we have seen an ASP improvement of 7% within 
the V-Mart category, which is our core business category. How much of 
it would be in terms of any price hike that we have taken or how much 
of it is because of the festival, you know, higher ASP mix coming in?  
 
Lalit Agarwal:  
 No, I think it is largely because of the mix as well, because the festival 
is little early. So, as soon as the festival comes in, normally what 
happens your little end of season sales timing gets reduced, your festival 
starts a little earlier, your full price sell through as well as the festival do 
attract a little higher ASP product line getting sold. 
 
So, some of these pieces are getting clubbed in this. Okay. So, no… 
 
You would see some lower ASP coming in Q4 times or so. When the 
festival again, there the summer festivals are clubbed. 
 
 
 
Harsh: 
Understood. Yeah, that is all from me. Thank you. 
 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Amrit Sandhu from 
Equity Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Amrit Sandhu:  
 Hi, good evening, Lalit Singh and Anand ji. Thank you so much for the 
opportunity. I just have one question. 
 
In our slide number 10 in our presentation, we can see that the tier 4 
market is actually growing at 15%. So, what exactly is driving this? Just 
want to understand, is this seasonal or is this structural? 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
 See, Mr. Sandhu, you see the base of tier 4 for us was a little lower and 
the lowest amongst all the tiers. So, there was something for us to catch 
up as well as and we also see a little better response or a little better 
spending in the tier 4 market or the rural market. So, that side, we are 
a little more confident and that is what I indicated even my opening 
remarks. 
 
Okay. So, do we expect that this growth rate would sustain going ahead? 
I mean, 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
 I do not know whether it should sustain. 
 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
But yeah, as of now, when looking at all of this, it does show us that the 
tier 4 market or the rural market is giving us a good response. It should 
continue for a period because generally tier 4, fundamentally when 
India is stronger and fundamentally they have a little better amount, 
though the number of stores for us in this bracket is a little less, but we 
believe it should continue to grow.  
 
Amrit Sandhu:  
Okay. And on the tier 1 side, which has grown just about 1 percent. So, 
is that because of the higher competition, which we are seeing in the 
tier 1 market?  
 
Lalit Agarwal :  
I think it is both, one, the competition, but largely I would also say there 
are few disturbances in certain areas. We saw some good impact 
coming in from the Bangladesh tough, which is happening between 
India and Bangladesh and a lot of Bangladeshi consumers, which were 
supposed to, which was coming into eastern India market. So, some of 
those tier 1 in eastern India market got impacted because of that as 
well. So, some bit of losses happened there. 
 
And there has been some tier 1 in Andhra Pradesh, and certain regions 
which has not performed. So, certain particular cities and particular 
states have led to this particular states. And then maybe some bit of 
anxiety also in the consumer. 
 
Amrit Sandhu 
Okay. Got it. Thank you so much, sir. 
 
All the best. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nikhil Agarwal 
from Kotak PMS. Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
 I just wanted to know the contribution of our own brand in the overall 
apparel mix?  
 
Lalit Agarwal:  
Almost 67%  
 
 
Nikhil Agarwal:  
And what is the difference in the gross margins for your private labels? 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
17 | P a g e 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
I mean, Nikhil, we have been continuously stating that we do not focus 
on creating a differentiated gross margin portfolio in our private label. 
This is largely for our curated designs, largely for the kind of quality that 
we do and the product that we have to provide. So, it does not attract 
any kind of differentiated margins other than the private label. 
 
Nikhil Agarwal:  
All right. That is from my side. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Prateek from M3 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Prateek:  
Hi. Good evening. You mentioned, sir that the freshness of the portfolio 
has increased. 
 
I just want to know what is this a result of? Is this a result of the design 
to shelf going down? And if you could quantify how much time does it 
take for us to conceptualize a design and for it to come to the stores and 
for you to scale it to most of your stores? 
 
Lalit Agarwal:  
Thank you. Yeah, Prateek. So, that is the fundamental thought process. 
 
Still, we are not at all happy. We have not reached to even 10 percent 
to where we want to reach. So, as of now, we do have a design to shelf 
calendar of around 70 days, which we need to bring down. 
 
It was definitely higher at around 80 days. So, right now we are seeing 
that after it has got designed in this order to shelf is around 70 to 75 
days. But yeah, so that needs to come down. 
In this particular freshness, I think it was more sheer focus on inventory 
management, sheer focus on relevancy, sheer focus on inter-store 
transfers wherever it is not working and wherever it is working, and 
then right planning. So, all of those is the outcome right now.  
 
Prateek: 
Okay. 
 
So, also what is the efficiency of Indian vendors to actually scale up a 
design that is actually working in the stores and replicate it quickly to 
most of the stores?  
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
 See, it depends upon the way you have curated the vendor, the way 
you have given the anticipation of fabric to the vendor, the way you 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
18 | P a g e 
 
have an agreement over the capacity of that vendor. So, the vendor, 
ultimately the machine takes similar amount of time. 
 
It is more about how do you plan for the vendor and how do you make 
the vendor plan. And it is the integration of the vendor as well as the 
retailer, which makes the things happen and the kind of product that 
you are trying to ask for again. So, ultimately, wherever the 
dependencies are on the large piece for the fabric. 
 
So, there it becomes very difficult because the fabric developers 
generally do not supply very fast. But wherever there is a dependency 
on smaller piece or there is a dependency on knitting, in-house knitting 
units there or integrated units, there we get a real fast outcome of 
repeat product lines.  
 
Prateek :  
Sure, sir. Lastly, just one last question. So, let us say that there are Zudio 
or Max stores near your stores, which are fast fashion as well. They 
position themselves as fast fashion. 
There must be an overlap of your vendors with their vendors to some 
extent. So, can we say that some of your inputs to your vendors would 
make a difference in the way the output is created in the stores?  
Because otherwise everybody would have similar designs in the stores, 
right? 
 
Lalit Agarwal:  
See, normally design principles and inspirations and then the 
motivations or the source where the designs come from, everybody 
tries to chase similar designs and similar set of inspirations, which you 
appreciate. It is more about the kind of consumers that you have, the 
kind of personnel that you cater to and the kind of buyers that you have 
or the designers that you have, the kind of perception they build in. So, 
it is all about the integration of all of these two but largely I would say 
definitely there could be a common pool of designs that you get 
whether Max gets it or Zudio gets it or we get it or there could be some 
advanced because looking at your consumer persona, you may want to 
have a little more advanced design philosophy. 
 
That all depends upon what is your adoption, what is that you believe 
will work in your market.  
 
Prateek :  
Sure, sure, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Could you also please tell me the size of your design team and are you 
hiring there? What could be the average age? Where do you hire from? 
 
Are you trying to differentiate your design team?  
 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
19 | P a g e 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
You will take the whole business. But anyway, we have around 23-23 
people. 
 
We are still hiring there. Average age there is nearly 29 years. Okay, 
okay. 
 
Thanks a lot. That's it. Thank you. 
 
 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Lokesh Manik 
from Valium Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
 
Lokesh Manik:  
Yes, hi. Good evening. My question is on the new initiatives on 
cosmetics, artificial jewelry in terms of if you want to share numbers or 
if you want to share an update in the sense, are the pilots successful? 
Are you getting a mixed response? How are you seeing that scale up? 
 
Lalit Agarwal:  
We have introduced some range on both cosmetics as well as artificial 
jewelry. Maybe around 20-25% of the stores we have launched with 
some variety. Still, there is a supply chain issue. 
 
Still, there is some testing phase. We still don't have a great number. 
But yes, we have recorded up to maybe 1.5-2% of sales in those 
particular stores, the stores which are doing good. But yeah, it could 
lead to around maybe another percentage of sales in the mix when we 
are done with it.  
 
Lokesh Manik : 
So, Lalit Ji in the mid-term, what is your vision in terms of these pilots? 
If they are successful, what is the timeline approximately? 
 
Do you see where you can start scaling this up across all the stores based 
on the feedback you are getting? I think we are continuously evolving.  
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
 There is still a lot of work to be done. Not that every store is successful, 
every product is successful. So, we need to learn amongst the product 
as well because beauty is not something that we ever did and we don't 
know. So, we need to really understand that well. 
 
Within that as well, beauty, there is a regional relevance. Our market is 
a little different than the urban market. So, in that market, a 
differentiated kind of color chart, what kind of product works, what kind 
of product doesn't work. 
 

                                                                                                                             V-Mart Retail Limited  
                                                                                                                              November 11, 2025 
 
20 | P a g e 
 
We are trying to build all of those. But yeah, we think by the end of next 
year, by the end of this year, we should be able to launch it in 50% of 
our stores.  
 
Lokesh Manik: 
 Great. That's it from my side. Thank you. Thank you. 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the line of 
participants, I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Thank you, everybody. Thank you for being there. We do keep 
continuously updating you certain details. 
 
We will keep continuously updating you. There are a few things that we 
definitely want to also understand and learn from you on what are you 
seeing for the market. But yes, there's not too many surprises. 
 
There's not too many risks that is hovering around. But yes, there's 
definitely some bit of opportunity that one can go and latch on to. And 
that is what we are all trying to. 
 
But fundamentally, how strong as an organization we are there so that 
we can keep scaling this sustainable growth rate regularly year on year 
for the next five, seven years. That is the area of focus that we might go 
along to. Thank you so much. 
 
Thank you again. Have a good day. 
 
 
Moderator: 
 On behalf of B&K Securities, India Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
 
