  Gem Aromatics Limited 
        (Formerly Known as Gem Aromatics Pvt. Ltd.) 
     Manufacturer & Exporters of Essential Oils & Aromatics Chemicals 
   Registered Office: A/410-411, A-Wing, Kailash Ind. Complex, Powai Vikhroli link Rd, Vikhroli West, 
 Mumbai-400079. Maharashtra, India, Tel No: +91-2225185231/25185931 CIN: L24246MH1997PLC111057 
      
 
Corporate Office: A/503, Kailash Ind. Complex, Powai Vikhroli link Rd, Vikhroli (W), Mumbai, Maharashrta, India, Pin - 
400079. Facility 1: Plot No 2, Survey No.16/4/2, Near Alok Industries, Village Rakholi, Silvassa, Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Pin - 
396230.Facility 2: Khasara No 8,9,10,126, Village Gathona, Ujhani Budaun Road, District: Budaun, UP, India, Pin # 243639. 
                                          E-mail: secretarial@gemaromatics.in  Web: www.gemaromatics.in 
 
 
Date: November 20, 2025 
 
To,                                                                                    To,  
Listing / Compliance Department                             Listing / Compliance Department  
BSE Limited                                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                         Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001                                   Bandra Kurla Complex  
                                                                                          Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
BSE CODE:  544491                                                      NSE SYMBOL:  GEMAROMA 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Subject:  Transcript of Conference Call for Investor and Analysts 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Para A of Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript 
of the conference call for investors and analysts on the Q2 & H1 FY26 results held virtually by the 
Company on Friday, November 14, 2025, at 04:00 P.M. IST.  
This intimation is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.gemaromatics.in  
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For Gem Aromatics Limited 
 
Yash Parekh 
Managing Director & CEO 
DIN: 03514313 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
Digitally signed by YASH PAREKH
DN: C=IN, O="Personal,CID - 6970020", Phone=
915296876dbf6a9a270058f6c136d2cc329023bdf
7adbf58c0d57c11deb40bc6, PostalCode=
400077, S=Maharashtra, SERIALNUMBER=
6f0fbce467fffc91f4a441eaa5742abe9c4189cf06b
da06949f0bc36f70a8234, CN=YASH PAREKH
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2025.11.20 17:42:09+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 2024.1.0
YASH 
PAREKH

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“GEM Aromatics Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. YASH PAREKH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, GEM AROMATICS 
LIMITED 
MS. KAKSHA PAREKH – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
CHAIRPERSON AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, GEM 
AROMATICS LIMITED 
MR. SURAJ SHAH – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, GEM AROMATICS LIMITED 
MR. AADIT SHAH – CEO’S OFFICE, GEM AROMATICS 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR.  AKHILESH GANDHI, STELLAR INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY '26 Conference Call hosted by GEM 
Aromatics Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during 
this conference, please signal for an operator by pressing *, and then 0 on your touch-tone 
telephones. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Akhilesh Gandhi from Stellar IR. Thank you and over to 
you, Mr. Gandhi. 
Akhilesh Gandhi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Hi, Akhilesh Gandhi, on behalf of Stellar Investor 
Relations, welcome you all to the GEM Aromatics Quarter 2 and H1 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. We shall be sharing the key Operating and Financial Highlights for the 2nd 
Quarter and the half-year ended on September 30, 2025. 
Today, we have with us the senior management team of GEM Aromatics Limited, Mr. Yash 
Parekh, he is the Managing Director and CEO; then, Kaksha Parekh, she is the Whole-Time 
Director and Chairperson and also CFO. Along with them, we also have Suraj Shah, he is the 
deputy CFO and Aadit Shah, he is from CEO's office. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that this call may contain some of the forward-looking 
statements which are completely based upon company's belief, opinion and expectations as of 
today. The statements made in today's call are not a guarantee of future performance and also 
involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update 
any forward-looking statements to reflect developments that occur after the statement is made. 
Document relating to the company's financial performance, including investor presentations and 
press release have already been uploaded on the stock exchange. 
I now invite Mr. Yash Parekh to share his initial remarks on the company's performance for the 
2nd Quarter and half-year ended on September 30, 2025. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Yash Parekh: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On behalf of GEM 
Aromatics, I extend a warm welcome to all our investors, analysts and stakeholders in this call. 
Before I begin, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to our investors, customers, 
partners and employees for the trust and support they continue to place in GEM Aromatics. The 
confidence motivates us as we enter this new phase of growth. This is a special moment for us 
as it marks our first call following our listing on the NSE and BSE on August 26. Going public 
represents a significant milestone in our 27-year journey. The IPO was undertaken to strengthen 
our balance sheet for partial repayment of borrowings and to support our long-term growth plan. 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
GEM Aromatics was established in 1997 and over the years, we have transformed from a single 
product, single facility and single customer setup into a leading specialty ingredient company. 
We have built a strong foundation in chemistry, manufacturing and customer trust, enabling us 
to serve global Flavor, Fragrance, Wellness and Personal Care industries. Today, we are well-
established manufacturers of specialty ingredients, essential oils, aroma chemicals and value 
added derivatives. Our portfolio has expanded into an integrated range of mother ingredients, 
intermediates and forward integrated derivatives. We now offer our 70 products at GEM 
Aromatics. Our wholly owned subsidiary, Krystal Ingredients, which began its Phase-I of 
production for Clove vertical in March 2024. Our Phase-II, which will drive the next leg of 
growth, is expected to commence on November 30th. All the approvals are in place. The 
chemistry set primarily includes the Phenol Derivatives, Cooling Agents and Citral derivatives. 
These products are used across a diverse set of applications, such as Oral Care, Cosmetics, 
Nutraceuticals, Pharmaceuticals, Home and Personal Care, Wellness, Aroma Therapy and 
several specialized industrial users. 
Our in-house research and development center plays a central role in supporting innovation and 
long-term growth. The center is led by a team of 13 scientists who focus upon developing new 
molecules, improving yields and advancing green chemistry processes. Through innovations 
such as vapor-phase technology and proprietary catalyst, we continue to enhance product 
quality, process sustainability and operational efficiency. Our manufacturing capabilities form 
the backbone of our business. We currently operate 3 strategically located facilities in Silvassa, 
Buduan and Dahej with a combined installed capacity of 5,346 metric tons per annum and are 
further adding 10,829 metric tons of new capacity at Krystal and will take our total capacity to 
more than 16,000 metric tons per annum. These plans are equipped with continuous reaction 
systems, high vacuum-fragile distillation columns, high-pressure reactors and advanced process 
automation, which enable us to manage complex chemistries efficiently and at scale. 
The Phase-II of our new plant at Dahej will be commissioned by the end of November with an 
additional capacity, as mentioned earlier, at 10,829. This facility is an important milestone for 
the company. It will house India's largest Cooling Agent's unit capacity of over 500 metric tons 
per annum, along with dedicated lines of Phenol derivatives and Citral derivatives. I would also 
like to highlight that our Phenol derivatives unit has been built on the next generation 
technologies, which enhance efficiency, consistency and overall product. Furthermore, the 
Dahej project represents an investment of around Rs. 250 crores funded through a combination 
of internal accruals and debt. Krystal Ingredients is also eligible for a 15% corporate tax rate and 
government incentives, a benefit that continues in perpetuity and supports long-term 
profitability. 
Our customer base continues to expand globally. We now serve more than 269 customers across 
18 countries, including several leading flavor and fragrance houses and major FMCG 
companies. This wide and diversified customer reach strengthens our global presence and 
reflects the trust we have built through consistent quality, reliable supply and longstanding 
partnerships. This strong combination of diversified chemistry, global customer relationships, 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
integrated manufacturing and technology-driven innovation positions GEM Aromatics as a 
trusted, forward-looking specialty ingredient company, well placed to deliver sustainable growth 
in the years ahead. 
Coming to our performance from the 2nd Quarter and the first half of FY '26, we faced several 
external challenges that affected demand and margins. The uncertainty around the US tariff led 
our customers to defer our orders and rely on existing inventories, which impacted on our export 
volumes. Lower realization in the Mint category also put pressure on margins. Since Mint 
continues to be a large part of our existing business, in the domestic market, the change in the 
GST rates with Natural Menthol at 5% and Synthetic Menthol at 18% compared to the earlier 
uniform rate of 12% led to customers reassessing their blend requirements and delaying 
purchases. As Krystal ramps up, our dependence on Mint and Mint derivatives will come down. 
Despite these challenges, we are taking proactive measures to reduce the impact. We are 
strengthening our sourcing strategy, optimizing production planning, maintaining strict 
inventory discipline and working closely with key customers to stabilize volumes and improve 
visibility. These actions will help us manage volatility going forward. 
Our growth strategy continues to be driven by three priorities. The first is continuous investment 
in technology and process excellence for some of our core chemistries. The second is 
strengthening our research development capabilities to create new molecules and deepen 
customer engagement and increase wallet share. And the third focus is on sustainability and 
operational efficiency through green chemistry effluent processes and responsible manufacture. 
The long-term demand outlook for our products remains strong. We continue to see steady 
growth in Oral Care, Personal Care, Wellness, Flavors, Fragrances and Alternative Medicine in 
India and globally. Rising disposable income, premiumization trends and shift towards natural 
and wellness focus ingredients continue to support these demands. 
With our diversified portfolio, integrated chemistry capabilities, scale, efficient manufacturing, 
global customer base and innovation-driven mindset, we believe GEM Aromatics will deliver 
sustainable and profitable growth in the years ahead. 
With this, I would like to invite our Chief Financial Officer to take you through the detailed 
financial performance for the quarter and the half year. Thank you. Over to you. Ms. Kaksha 
Parekh. 
Kaksha Parekh: 
Thank you, Yash. Good afternoon, everyone. 
Let me take you through the financial performance for Q2 FY '26: 
Revenue from operations stood at Rs. 89.5 crores. EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 3 crores, 
reflecting an EBITDA margin of 3.4%. The company reported a net loss of Rs. 2.6 crore for the 
quarter and Cash PAT stood at Rs. 0.5 crore. For the first half of FY '26, revenue from operations 
stood at Rs. 177.2 crores. EBITDA for the period was Rs. 17.9 crore with an EBITDA margin 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
of 10.1%. Net profit of H1 FY '26 was Rs. 5.4 crore, resulting in a PAT margin of 3.1%. Cash 
PAT for the first half was Rs. 10.3 crores. 
Our performance during the quarter was influenced by several external factors, as Yash 
mentioned earlier. I will quickly take you through them once again. The 50% tariff imposed by 
US led many customers to defer orders utilizing their existing inventories, which impacted 
export volumes. On domestic front, the recent changes in the GST prompted buyers to reassess 
their blending requirements, resulting in a temporary pause in purchases. These factors led to 
softer demand in Mint, Mint derivatives, Clove and Clove oil derivatives, which are among our 
largest product categories. At the same time, demand of our other Natural, Synthetic products 
and Phenol derivatives remained healthy. 
In terms of total profitability: 
Both gross margins and EBITDA were under pressure, high raw material cost and lower 
realization in Mint and Mint derivatives affected margins, while the weaker demand in Mint and 
Clove resulted in an unfavorable product mix. Although our Phenol Derivatives and other 
ingredients continue to perform well, the scale is not yet sufficient to offset the impact of our 
larger segments. Additionally, higher other expenses and inventory adjustments during the 
quarter further weighed on profitability. Our depreciation also increased during the period. In 
the first half, we completed capitalization of major assets at Krystal Ingredients. As of 30th 
September, the revised net block stood at around Rs. 206 crores. With approximately Rs. 25 
crores classified as capital work in progress, following this capitalization, depreciation increased 
to about Rs. 4.8 crores in H1 FY '26 compared to roughly Rs. 3.5 crores in H1 FY '25, which 
had an impact on overall profitability. 
On the balance sheet front: 
We continued to strengthen our financial position. The company repaid Rs. 140 crores split into 
Rs. 97.4 crores of long-term debt pertaining to Krystal Ingredients and an additional of Rs. 42.6 
crores of working capital borrowings at GEM Aromatics. In line with the other planned 
utilization of IPO proceeds, these repayments have significantly improved leverage profile, 
bringing the net debt to equity ratio down to 0.3x from 0.8x earlier. 
With this, we can open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Tushar from Omega Portfolio Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Tushar: 
Yes, good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. I could see that majority of your CAPEX 
is in the Phenol Derivative business, like the product which you will be manufacturing, there are 
already competition in India. So, firstly, I just wanted to know what was the reason behind that? 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
And secondly, sir, it was earlier 3% of your revenue and what sort of margins are you seeing in 
this Phenol Derivative business? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, it is a Greenfield project, Tushar that we have set up at Dahej. So, there are multiple other 
products in our multi-purpose plant that we have established. The Phenol Derivative, of course, 
has made a significant contribution to the total capacity that has been installed. First, let me 
answer the question, which is the rationale of getting into this segment. Now, we also 
manufacture Synthetic Anethole, for which main precursor is Anisole. So, the thought process 
was effectively to start with going in a backward integration to manufacture our own Anisole. 
We have been able to successfully implement with a complete vapor-phase based technology, 
thereby getting efficiencies to clearly produce our downstream, which was Anethole. That was 
the part. That was the reason for getting into this Anisole chemistry. And as we explored further, 
we found more product contingencies in MEHQ, Guaiacol, and then Guaiacol further leading 
into more value-added aroma chemicals that we are trying to come up with in years to come. So, 
we do see a complete value-chain chart that can further tie up with our core, which is the F&F 
ingredients. As far as the margin question is concerned, that is the question, and at the company 
level is what we are giving. On a category level, we are not giving out any specific margins. 
Tushar: 
So, will that be a margin-accretive from your average company level margin? That will be my 
question. And sir, secondly, considering the chemistry, I think the end product would be the 
Vanillin in the product basket. Sir, just considering your vapor-based technology, I think one of 
the competitors is already doing that technology. I wanted to ask the right to win in this product 
basket, the MEHQ, BHA, Guaiacol, 4MAP That was the thing. And secondly, we will be the 
dominant player in the Cooling Agent market. Like 500 MTPA is a very big capacity. So, in 
terms of exports, if you fulfill the Indian capacity, I think we are still remaining with the plenty 
amount of capacity. How are we targeting the export in the Cooling Agent business? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, there are actually three points that I have noted down and go one by one on each part of 
them. Number one, Vanillin. We are not doing anything when it comes to Vanillin. So, we are 
not going in that particular chemistry where we are going downstream from Guaiacol into 
Vanillin. So, that particular question needs to be parked right there where Vanillin is not going 
to be a part of our product. That is number one. 
Now, coming to the MEHQ, BHA, 4MAP, etc., which is very much the phenol value chain that 
we are describing. Clearly, in terms of our process technology that we have implemented, we 
feel confident that we will be able to do better margins than what are expected with our existing 
portfolio of products. That is there. As a right to win, there are contingencies that we have figured 
out. Like I mentioned, one example where the start of the Phenol category was because we had 
started focusing upon Synthetic Anethole, which is a pure aroma chemical product going into 
flavors and fragrances and then going backward integration to Anisole. 
Similarly, as we go further downstream from Anisole into MEHQ Guaiacol, even Guaiacol, 
there are other aroma chemical products that are in the pipeline such as Eugenol derivatives that 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
we plan to further implement it on. Now, as we go in the Euginol derivatives section, the 
synthetic side, we also have a dominant position from the Clove vertical into Eugenol and 
Eugenol derivatives on the natural side. So, we find a complete contingency where we are 
offering the natural solution as well as the synthetic solution to an entire range of customers. So, 
that was the rationale for selecting the entire Phenol chemistry. 
Now, the point three that you had mentioned about Cooling Agents. We have set up the largest 
capacity in India for Cooling Agents. It is a downstream from our majority of the Cooling 
Agents, which are primarily WS3 and WS5, they come in from Menthol. Now, we already make 
Menthol in our Mint vertical. So, this is the logical downstream that we have selected. And also, 
there are entire series and sets of customers where we can target selling this Cooling Agent into, 
which is primarily the confectionary segment and their pain management segment, where there 
is a highest application of these Cooling Agents. Now, GEMs current exposure in the 
confectionary segment with its core portfolio is limited. But these confectionary companies also 
happen to be big buyers of our existing mint portfolio. So, it does open cross-selling 
opportunities across our product verticals. And this gives us a tactical advantage because there 
is no one else in India who is currently offering that product. So, we feel fairly confident. There 
are advanced level discussions going on with multiple customers in this particular object. 
Tushar: 
Sir, my last question basically is. 
Moderator: 
Sir, can we ask you to come up with the follow-up question later, Tushar sir? 
Tushar: 
Fair enough. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aashish from Invesq PMS. Please go ahead. 
Aashish: 
Yes. Hi. So, the key two questions are the Mint derivatives domestically regarding the GST issue 
that you highlighted in the presentation. So, what is the progress and what is the kind of 
resolution to that that you see? Is there any light there coming in? And secondly, on the tariff-
related issues that have happened on the US side of the business. So, both critical issues, we 
would like to have some detailed thoughts of yours on that? 
Yash Parekh: 
Sure, Aashish, thank you for the question. So, first let me address the second part of the question, 
which is tariffs. Now, tariffs clearly on last week of August, 50% tariffs were announced. That 
did have a significant impact as majority of our large-scale customers have gone ahead and 
accepted the tariff pass-through. But because the number is so large by 50%, they have primarily 
slowed down on their demand. They have been utilizing extensively their in-house stock and 
depleting those stocks. And everyone is hopeful that these tariff situations will be corrected like 
these reports currently suggest. So, we do see this demand regardless to come back about Q4. It 
is an area that these tariffs removal will just form a solid trust. At this stage, we are finding that 
the customers are pretty much in a bare minimum, all-out position. That is all. Now coming to 
the other part, which is GST. On September 2nd, the GST Council announced the change in the 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
GST rate, where Natural Mint and Menthol primarily was moved from 12% to 5%, and synthetic 
was moved into 18%. Now, as a result of this, what has happened is that majority of the 
customers are also trying to figure out the exact blend composition. And at GEM, we offer the 
entire solution range. So, as a result of which, there has been some degree of pent-up demand 
officially coming back around Q4. But the customers, again, are really trying to rework their 
formulations and come back. 
Aashish: 
So, on the first part, I think somewhere you would mention in an interview on TV that through 
Thailand, things can be managed on the tariff side. And still, now we are in a situation where 
the sales are not happening, for one. Secondly, on the Indian GST issue, would you really think 
that the demand will be back from Q4, or the demand would shift? How would that happen to 
maybe the Natural ones? Some things on this will help because it is very difficult to understand 
this? 
Yash Parekh: 
I completely understand. So, tariffs situation was just specific to one customer. Now, that 
particular customer still has to pay about close to 19% tariffs coming in front of them as well. 
Now, that is also an impact. So, they have gone bare minimum, either be it Thailand, be it Ireland, 
be it any other geography from where these customers can officially do a complete bypass 
mechanism, so to speak. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, I think there is an issue with your line. If you could return to the question queue, we 
will then move on to the next question. We have the next question from the line of Kaushal 
Sharma from Equinox. Please go ahead. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Yes. So, my question is on CAPEX. Recently, we are adding around 10,829 MTPA capacity in 
which we are about to manufacture MEHQ and all, which is very high, etc., and all. So, what 
kind of capacity are we coming before MEHQ and what EBITDA margin are we expecting? 
And what kind of peak revenue from this facility can we get? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, from a standpoint, sir, of the actual capacity that we are putting up, that is 10,829, a large 
part of it is going to be towards Phenol. We are not giving category-wise profit margins or 
EBITDA. Certainly, whatever eventual, it is going to be margin-accretive. And our eventual goal 
post is in FY '28, at the company level, we are going to be in the range of about Rs. 1,050-Rs. 
1,100 crores at the EBITDA of about 16%-18%. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
16%-18%? 
Yash Parekh: 
Yes. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Can we have the bifurcation of MEHQ capacity that we are going to do? 
Yash Parekh: 
Sir, I am sorry. I am not able to hear you very clearly. 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Kaushal Sharma: 
I am saying that can we have a break-up of the capacity that we are putting out of this? Is it 
possible? 
Yash Parekh: 
This is a multi-purpose plant, and we are not giving out capacities based on product categories. 
There is a high degree of fungibility as well. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Now, sir, is it operational? 
Yash Parekh: 
Sir, by 30th November, the Phase-II primarily pertaining to Phenol, is going to be operational. 
Effectively, the MEHQ and the Guaiacol production would start in Q4, around 
January/February. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
And sir, what kind of utilization level are we expecting from this year and the next year from 
this facility? 
Yash Parekh: 
Sir, as the situations are extremely volatile at a geopolitical level as well, plus this entire brand-
new plant is coming up. So, as we completely streamline this particular plant over the next one 
quarter, I think there is going to be much better visibility towards Q4 for FY '27. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
And, sir, what is our existing capacity utilization right now of our existing plant? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, could you please repeat the question? It is not very clear to me for some reason. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
So, the current or the existing capacity that we have, what is the capacity utilization as of now? 
Yash Parekh: 
60%. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Thank you very much for answering the question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the follow-up from Aashish Upganlawar from Invesq PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
I couldn't hear the second part of the answer on the last question that I had. On the US tariffs 
through Thailand, we were trying to mitigate. And secondly, on the GST front, are we really 
sure that from Q4 things will be normal or maybe better? 
Yash Parekh: 
At this moment, there are moving parts that are clearly external in nature. We are figuring out 
from a standpoint of having adequate solutions of things that we can control. And the Mint 
portfolio has been affected to some degree with this GST. The way we are trying to mitigate this 
is by increasing what value-added products of specialty that we had planned for FY '27 and 28, 
we are fast-tracking them and bringing them much sooner so that these are the parts that we can 
control. And we are trying to replace the revenue from the Mint category with the value-added 
product of Aroma. 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
So, how much of the Mint portfolio percentage-wise is affected right now or is it the entire thing? 
Yash Parekh: 
Pretty much the entire thing, sir. And again, we had about 70% for total revenue in FY '27 was 
the Mint portfolio. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Right. 
Yash Parekh: 
I am sorry, my apologies. 70% as of FY '25. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
So, you think that fast-forward can happen, the value-added products that you are mentioning, 
from FY '27 target to now, FY '26 sometimes? 
Yash Parekh: 
We have already, with the multipurpose facility that we have set up, it is going to be possible 
for us to go ahead and fast-track. Of the R&D and the pipeline for a lot of these chemistries has 
already been put in place, now, we are in the full drive mode to have them start in the following 
Financial Year. 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshada Deo from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Akshada Deo: 
Sir, I wanted to understand the gross margin drop that has happened for this quarter. What would 
be the reason for the same and what are the normalized margins that we should expect for the 
rest of the year? 
Suraj Shah: 
So, I think in realizations, we did face some pressure, particularly in Menthol and the Mint 
business. So, that has given so many headwinds around Mint, right, so partially, I will say there 
was also raw material pressure, but the large part of gross margin erosion was because 
realizations came off. So, we are not really giving margin guidance, particularly because of 
extremely volatile times, very tough to say today what we will do, what we will be able to 
achieve. But the goal is to reach back to our long-term averages. 
Akshada Deo: 
Can you tell me more about the raw material pressure that you feel? Because in Mint Oil, I 
believe, it is the raw and this is Mint Oil that is the raw material, right? So, what happened here? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, ma’am, this is effectively from a standpoint of the way we are seeing the entire of the 
purchase side as well. The entire GST scenario is shaping up. There are a lot of changes in the 
formulation that is happening, even at the customer's end. As a result of which, the costing has 
gone up and that is the reason why this is happening. Now, it is transient in nature, and we  
effectively will have the stabilization by Q4. 
Akshada Deo: 
And sir, what about if you mentioned that there would be competition as well, right, that would 
be coming up in both of the categories. Because we are facing competition on the tariff side with 
different geographies for exports, we are facing competition from the GST front. And in the new 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
vertical that would be launching, there are competitors putting up new capacities. So, what is 
our strategy to mitigate and come out of this basically? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, the strategy is clear. We continue to focus on the tasks that we can control and that is by 
getting into newer products that are there in our pipeline, which are value-accretive in nature. 
These are specialty products targeting the aroma chemical industry and that is precisely what we 
are going towards. So, one of the examples of this would be, for example, there is a situation in 
the Phenol chemistry where BHA was effectively planned for FY '28, now for now. We have 
fast-tracked that and we are going to be starting that particular production in FY '27. We are 
going forward in that direction. And, in the aroma chemical side, we are going into specific TAM 
products, which are selecting products that are going to be unique. We have a story of import 
substitution, primarily, and focusing upon domestic sales for these specialties. 
Akshada Deo: 
And sir. 
Moderator: 
Ms. Deo, please return to the question queue. 
Akshada Deo: 
Sure. Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Kapil Ahuja from Equinox Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Kapil Ahuja: 
Yes, I need some clarification on this Cooling Agent. Have you commenced the production of 
Cooling Agent and what is the topline like we are showing for Cooling Agents right now? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, we are going to start the production of Cooling Agents by the November 30th, effectively. 
And then, as we start production and as the first batches come through, that is when the topline 
would really come up. We are not giving, sir, category-wise topline, specifically. But we expect 
a reasonable degree of utilization starting December first half. 
Kapil Ahuja: 
And by this Financial Year end, how much capacity utilization, are we expecting this rough idea 
for Cooling Agent? 
Suraj Shah: 
Yes, see, as we are starting this multipurpose plant, I think, and given the macroeconomic 
headwinds we are facing, we are not really focusing on capturing all of it in FY '26. I think FY 
'27 would be a more normalized year, where there will be decent utilization, capacity utilization 
at Krystal as well. And we will start line-wise, of course, parallelly also running all the lines. 
But tough to kind of give a number for FY '26. So, as we have more visibility in the quarters to 
come, we will be able to comment better. 
Kapil Ahuja: 
So, our cooling capacity is around 500 tons or more? 
Suraj Shah: 
Was that for Cooling Agent, you are asking? 
Kapil Ahuja: 
Yes. 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Suraj Shah: 
Yes, it is 500 tons. 
Kapil Ahuja: 
Thank you, sir. That is all. 
Yash Parekh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Darshan Garg from Tiger Assets. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshan Garg: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, the significant degrowth has been because of the tariff & 
GST, but also you have mentioned in the presentation that the Menthol realizations have 
decreased. So, by how much has impacted the revenues and how are we seeing the prices of 
Menthol? 
Yash Parekh: 
Sir, we can't hear the question very clearly. Would you please repeat the question and be slightly 
louder? 
Darshan Garg: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Yash Parekh: 
Yes. 
Darshan Garg: 
So, the significant degrowth that has been because of the tariff & GST and also you have 
mentioned in the presentation that the Menthol realizations have decreased. So, by how much it 
has impacted our revenues and now from here onwards, how are we seeing the prices of 
menthol? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, the prices have come down from last year by about 10% or so in the actual gross value of 
that particular product. And as we move forward, the idea is to forward integrate Menthol into 
Cooling Agents. So, the game plan is set for moving in that direction where we can control based 
on capacities, the technology that we have put in and really drive the business forward. So, we 
will be doing less of direct Menthol actually manufacturing Menthol and going more forward 
into the Cooling Agents. 
Darshan Garg: 
So, next question is what extent of RM prices is possible to pass on to the customers? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, it is what extent? 
Darshan Garg: 
What extent of the RM price is possible to pass on to our customers? 
Suraj Shah: 
So, I think we were able to pass on a large part of the RM volatility to our customer given the 
normal business scenario. However, we also carry an inventory holding model, right. Given Mint 
is the last part of the business currently, the procurement season is where the mint is procured. 
And then we have a replenishment model, we keep refilling those inventories. So, to that extent, 
you manage your costing. But given this quarter had these headwinds around GST and Menthol 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
realizations, obviously, this quarter got impacted to a large extent but should normalize going 
forward. 
Darshan Garg: 
Last question is, doTERRA is both a key customer and a shareholder. So, could you elaborate 
on the value add they bring to the business? 
Moderator: 
Sir, sorry to interrupt. Would it be possible for you to come back for your question? 
Darshan Garg: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rikesh Parikh from Absolute Advisor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rikesh Parikh: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just wanted to understand, we were in touch with one of 
the large confectionary clients for supply of Menthol. So, have you started the test quantity or 
the initial quantity for them? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, Rikesh, we are in touch with a number of different customers at the global level. And all 
those subsequent visits are all scheduled as the production plan starts and ramps up. Because all 
customers at that global level want to see the actual production. We anticipate that the revenues 
from the new customers that we are targeting effectively will be showing up pretty much towards 
Q4 and then it will roll down into FY '27. 
Rikesh Parikh: 
And second question is with respect to his GST impact. I just wanted to understand how much 
is the pricing differential between the Natural Mint and the Synthetic Mint? And do the Natural 
Mint will be able to suffice to the requirement of the industry as such? 
Yash Parekh: 
It has impacted the entire category to a reasonable extent. We as a company provide like the 
entire solution and do not give the breakup between natural and synthetic per se. Because we are 
offering the entire solution. 
Rikesh Parikh: 
But by any chance can we make the impact on the pricing or realization will be impacted because 
of this in percentage if possible? 
Yash Parekh: 
So, I think we can take this question offline because there is a lot of background noise, Rikesh. 
It is difficult for me to concentrate and hear your question in total. I am just getting bits and parts 
of it. We can perhaps take this question offline. 
Rikesh Parikh: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Yash Parekh for closing remarks. 
Yash Parekh: 
Yes, I will hand the phone over to our CFO for the closing remarks. 

 
GEM Aromatics Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Kaksha Parekh: 
Hi, thank you for joining us in this conference call. I would like to assure our investor team and 
potential investors that the entire management team is working hard towards the commencement 
of our new facility and is focused on value added products. We feel current blip is temporary in 
nature and we are very optimistic about the future of the company. Thank you so much and we 
will see you again in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. Thank you very much, everyone, for joining this conference call. On behalf 
of GEM Aromatics Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
