 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
October 30, 2025 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
BSE Limited 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex  
 
 
 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
SYMBOL: JAINREC  
 
 
 
 
SCRIP CODE: 544537 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 23, 2025 
Ref.: Regulations 30 of the LODR Regulations 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated October 16, 2025, pursuant to Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“LODR Regulations”), please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on October 23, 2025, in respect of the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company 
for the quarter and six months ended September 30, 2025.  
 
The transcript can also be accessed on the Company’s website at the following link:  
 
https://jainmetalgroup.com/disclosures.php 
 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For JAIN RESOURCE RECYCLING LIMITED 
 
 
 
BIBHU KALYAN RAUTA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER  
MEMBERSHIP NO: A31315 
BIBHU KALYAN 
RAUTA
Digitally signed by BIBHU KALYAN 
RAUTA 
Date: 2025.10.30 18:03:41 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
 
“Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 23, 2025 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on October 23, 2025, will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMLESH JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – JAIN RESOURCE RECYCLING LIMITED 
 
MR. MAYANK PAREEK – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– JAIN RESOURCE RECYCLING LIMITED 
 
MR. HEMANT JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – JAIN RESOURCE 
RECYCLING LIMITED 
 
MR. SANCHIT JAIN – ADDITIONAL DIRECTOR – JAIN 
RESOURCE RECYCLING LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKAS SINGH – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Jain Resource Recycling Limited Q2 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions 
and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee 
of future performance of the company and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult 
to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikas Singh from ICICI Securities Limited for 
opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Vikas. 
Vikas Singh: 
Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the very first Jain Resources Recycling Limited Q2 
results conference call. From the management side, we have with us Mr. Kamlesh Jain, 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Mayank Pareek, Joint Managing Director, Mr. Hemant 
Jain, Director and CFO. Without taking any more time, I will hand it over to Mr. Kamlesh for 
his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Thank you very much and a very good morning to all of you. Wishing everyone a very happy 
Diwali and a prosperous New Year. Welcome to the Q2 FY '26 earnings conference call of Jain 
Resource Recycling Limited. This is Kamlesh Jain, Chairman and Managing Director of the 
company. Joining me on the call today are my colleagues, Mr. Mayank Pareek, Joint Managing 
Director, Mr. Sanchit Jain, Additional Director, Mr. Hemant Jain, Executive Director and CFO, 
and other senior members of our team along with our investor Relations Advisors, Strategic 
Growth Advisors. 
 
We truly appreciate your time and interest in joining us today to discuss our performance for the 
quarter ended September 30, 2025. First and foremost, I would like to sincerely thank all of our 
investors for the overwhelming response and the trust they have shown in Jain Resource 
Recycling Limited. We were successfully listed on both the NSE and BSE on October 1, 2025, 
following an IPO of INR1,250 crores, comprising a fresh issue of INR500 crores and an offer 
for sale, OFS of INR750 crores. 
 
The net proceeds from this fresh issue will be utilized as follows. Approximately Rs. 375 crores 
will be used to prepay or repay certain outstanding borrowings, which will lead to interest cost 
saving, while the remaining funds will be allocated towards general corporate purpose, including 
business expansion, working capital requirement and all other operational needs. 
 
This marks our first earning call post listing. I would like to begin by sharing a brief overview 
of our company and journey so far. Our company, Jain Resources Recycling Limited, is a part 
of Jain Metal Group, which carries a proud legacy spanning over seven decades. 
 
The group was founded in 1953 as Jain Metal Rolling Mills, initially focusing on rolling of brass 
and copper, gradually expanding into aluminum and steel. Between 2025 and 2013, the group 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
was primarily engaged in trading  activities before taking a strategic decision to transition from 
trading  to manufacturing. A move that marked the beginning of our transformation into an 
integrated non-ferrous recycling enterprise. 
 
Over the years, we have achieved several key milestones in our journey. The entity was 
reconstituted as a partnership firm in 1993 and subsequently converted into a private limited 
company on February 25, 2022, under the Companies Act 2013. We commenced our 
manufacturing operation in 2013 with the establishment of a lead refining unit, which laid the 
foundation for our entry to large scale recycling. 
 
Building on this base, we expanded into copper cable recycling in 2018. Soon after, we 
embarked upon plastic recycling with a view to recycling in-house plastic scrap generated from 
lead-acid batteries, battery cycling and cable scrap recycling. We diversified into aluminum 
recycling through the formation of our subsidiary, Jain Green Technologies Private Limited in 
2022. 
 
Realizing the opportunity hidden in extracting thin metal present in lead scrap, we installed state-
of-the-art vacuum furnace technology and started producing tin in 2025. Today, we have built a 
robust and diversified recycling platform capable of processing multiple non-ferrous metals at a 
single integrated location. Our strong global sourcing network combined with an unwavering 
focus on quality, efficiency and sustainability continues to the core stone of the long-term growth 
and value creation. 
 
A key milestone in our journey came in 2023 when our lead ingot was listed as an LME brand, 
London Metal Exchange. This achievement provides us with the distinct global advantage 
enabling access to a wider customer base, ensuring our product meets international quality 
benchmarks and linking our pricing with the globally recognized LME reference price. From a 
modest beginning as a rolling mill in 1953, today we have evolved into a global recycling 
enterprise, a journey built on vision, resilience and a relentless focus on sustainability. 
 
Over the decades, our focus on innovation, quality and responsible growth has enabled us to 
build a business that not only creates value but also contributes meaningfully to a circular 
economy. With that, I will now hand over to Mr. Mayank Pareek, Joint MD, who will take you 
through the detailed overview of our business operations, product mix and strategic roadmap. 
Over to you, Mayank. 
Mayank Pareek: 
Thank you, Kamlesh ji. Let me now walk you through an overview of our business segments, 
operational footprint and future growth plans. To begin with, I will start with the product 
verticals. 
 
Currently, we operate across five product verticals, the major three namely copper, lead and 
aluminum and the ancillary two namely plastic and tin, which together form the foundation of 
our diversified non-ferrous metal portfolio. Copper and copper ingots account for approximately 
46% of our total revenue, where we command 3.4% market share in India. We produce ready-
to-melt copper, copper ingots and copper billets, which are used as feedstock for various 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
applications such as electrical conduction, chemical, pigments, automotive components, high-
purity copper cathode making, etcetera. 
 
Lead and lead alloy ingots contribute around 48% of our total revenue with a strong 8.6% market 
share, underscoring our leadership in this segment. Our lead ingot registered with the London 
Metal Exchange is also recognized under the brand name Jain 9998 as a registered brand of 
refined lead by the multi-commodity exchange MCX in India. Refined lead ingots and lead alloy 
ingots are predominantly consumed in lead-acid batteries. 
 
They also find their applications in radiation shielding products, cable sheathing, ammunition, 
pigments, stabilizers and modifiers for plastics and aerospace. Coming to aluminum and 
aluminum alloys, this segment represents somewhere around 4% of our total revenue with a 
0.5% market share in India. Owing to their high strength to density ratio, aluminum alloys are 
widely used in the automotive industry to make the vehicle aerodynamic. 
 
Similarly, owing to properties like good castability, machinability, corrosion resistance, 
aluminum alloys are also used in domestic appliances, mobile sets, etcetera. Melting of 
aluminum has a considerable cost of fuel and melt loss associated with it. Hence, the concept of 
supply of molten aluminum in hot molten form is increasingly catching up. 
 
By virtue of our recycling process, we also recover two valuable by-products, tin and plastic. 
While their revenue contribution is relatively small, these segments hold significant importance 
from a clean recycling and environmental responsibility standpoint. Our plastic recycling 
division primarily processes in-house generated PVC and polypropylene scrap. 
 
PVC regrind that we obtain from cable recycling typically contains multiple impurities, 
rendering it unusable in its raw form. Selling such low-grade scrap in the open market could 
result in unethical disposal practices such as burning or landfilling, etcetera. To address this, we 
have developed an in-house process to recycle the PVC regrind into high-quality PVC granules. 
 
Similarly, polypropylene chip scrap derived from lead-acid battery breaking often carries traces 
of lead and sulfuric acid. Improper handling by unorganized recyclers can cause serious 
environmental and health hazards. Hence, we recycle this scrap internally to produce RoHS-
compliant PPCP granules, ensuring safe and responsible recycling. 
 
Our tin recovery process, though contributing a modest share to the total revenue, adds 
meaningful value to profitability, as the expected tin commands a significant value enhancement 
due to its high purity and industrial demand. In addition, we are also engaged in trading of non-
ferrous metals and other commodities, which contribute around 2% to our total revenue. In 2023, 
we acquired a 70% stake in Jain Ikon Global Ventures, JIGV, which is in UAE, making it a 
subsidiary of Jain Resource Recycling Limited, to set up a gold refining facility in Sharjah. 
 
Operations began in August 2024, focusing on gold and silver refining. However, due to low 
margins, high operating costs, working capital constraints, and sector volatility, against the 
backdrop of stringent AML restrictions, JIGV's precious metal refining operations were 
discontinued effective from April 17, 2025. Our presence across these verticals demonstrates a 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
well-balanced product mix and underscores our strong market position in what continues to be 
a highly fragmented metals recycling industry. 
 
This diversified portfolio not only supports revenue stability, but also strategically positions us 
to capitalize on emerging opportunities across the non-ferrous recycling segment. Raw material 
sourcing is a significant part of the business and I will throw light here. We have established a 
diversified and resilient global procurement network spanning across multiple geographies. 
 
Over the last three fiscals, the Jain Metal Group has sourced recyclable raw materials from more 
than 120 countries, reflecting the depth and reach of our global sourcing ecosystem. Our 
recycling operations are vertically integrated, covering end-to-end processes from procurement 
to production of refined metal products. 
 
We source materials both domestically and internationally, with approximately 61% of our raw 
materials imported and the remaining 39% sourced locally. This balanced approach helps us to 
optimize cost efficiency, ensure supply continuity, and maintain consistent quality across all 
product categories. 
 
Now I would like to highlight the recycling facilities. We have strategically located our four 
recycling facilities within the SIPCOT Industrial Estate in Gummidipoondi, near Chennai in 
Tamil Nadu, which is one of South India's key industrial hubs. 
 
Our facilities are situated along the Chennai-Kolkata highway, offering excellent connectivity 
to Chennai, Ennore, and Katupalli ports. The Chennai port, being one of the principal gateways 
to the east coast of India, serves as a crucial logistics channel for both imports and exports to 
and from China and other Southeast Asian countries, including Singapore, Taiwan, South Korea, 
and Japan. This strategic location offers multiple advantages. 
 
It enables efficient sourcing of recyclable raw materials from global suppliers, while also 
facilitating cost-effective export of finished products to major international markets. Proximity 
to multiple ports significantly reduces transportation time and trade freight costs, providing a 
distinct competitive edge over peers operating in more inland and landlocked locations. 
 
Moreover, the strong industrial ecosystem and logistics infrastructure around SIPCOT, Chennai, 
ensures seamless coordination between the production, port handling, and customer delivery. 
This helps us maintain a steady and reliable supply chain, optimize logistics, and support faster 
turnaround of shipments, all of which contribute to better cost efficiency and working capital 
management. 
 
Each facility is equipped with recycling and refining capabilities designed to handle multiple 
non-ferrous metals. Facility 1 primarily handles copper scrap. Facility 2 processes 
predominantly lead scrap and also copper scrap. Facility 3 focuses on aluminum scrap and is 
managed through our subsidiary, Jain Green Technologies Private Limited, which we call 
JGTPL. JGTPL also operates a household segregation facility, cleaning contaminated aluminum 
chips mixed with iron through magnetic separation, ensuring high quality recovery. 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
 
As of October 30, 2025, our operations have demonstrated strong production performance while 
maintaining high standards of efficiency, quality, and sustainability. Our Chennai-based location 
thus plays a pivotal role in strengthening our export competitiveness, particularly across 
Southeast Asia, and reinforces our position as a cost efficient, globally connected recycling 
enterprise. 
 
Coming to customers and market, we serve a diverse range of industries, including lead-acid 
batteries, electrical and electronics, pigments, and automotive. Our client portfolio comprises 
prominent domestic companies such as Vedanta Limited or Sterlite Copper, Amara Raja 
Batteries Limited, HBL Batteries, Luminous Power Technologies, and Yash Resources 
Recycling, Chloride Metals, as well as global customers including Trafigura, Toko Company 
Limited, Hodaka, Mitsubishi Corporation, RtM Japan, Nissan Trading Company, etcetera. Our 
customer base spans more than 20 countries with export contributions of over 63% in the first 
half of the financial year 2026. 
 
Our top five markets, India, Singapore, China, and South Korea, account for nearly 94% of 
revenue. Customer count has significantly grown, supported by high retention rates, reflecting 
the strength of our long-term relationships. Revenue concentration remains healthy, with top 10 
customers contributing 58% of total revenues. 
 
As a customer-focused organization, we maintain stringent multi-stage quality controls, from 
raw material instruction to in-process checks, and final microstructure and spectrometer 
analysis. Notably, we are one of only two recycling companies in India to have our lead ingots 
registered as a brand by London Metal Exchange, reflecting global quality recognition. 
 
Commodity Price Risk Management and Unique Propositions I would like to walk you through 
our approach to commodity price risk management and the hedging strategies that we employ 
to protect our financial performance. 
 
Our business is inherently linked to the movement of base metal prices on London Metal 
Exchange. To mitigate this volatility, we deploy a robust hedging mechanism, covering both 
procurement of raw input and sales of finished products. For procurement, we typically take 
short positions in LME futures, while for finished products, we take corresponding long 
positions. 
 
These contracts, generally aligned to a 90-day delivery cycle, enable us to lock in sales prices 
and protect margins. Our operational processes are engineered to extract the highest possible 
purity levels. The quality of our recycled products closely matches that of products produced 
directly from ore. 
 
This enhances our product acceptance in global markets. Our branded-led products are LME-
recognized, offering global visibility and the ability to deliver directly to LME-registered 
warehouses for seamless derivative settlements. This strategy ensures stable financial 
performance, real-time risk management, and strong resilience against fluctuations in global 
metal prices. 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
 
Looking ahead, our strategic focus is on forward integration and new recycling domains, 
underpinned by sustainability. We are planning to expand our horizon into copper cathode, 
copper wire rod, and copper busbar manufacturing, using finished products from our recycling 
facilities as feedstock, with electrolytic refining producing high-quality copper cathodes and 
wire rods. 
 
The project is being executed through our wholly owned subsidiary, Jain Green Technologies 
Private Limited. To support this, we have acquired a 6.58-acre land parcel in SIPCOT Industrial 
Estate, Gummidipoondi for this development. The total capex for Phase I is estimated to be Rs95 
crores, which will be entirely funded through internal accruals, with Rs45 crores already spent 
to date. As of September 2025, construction progress sustained at around 70%, and the project 
continues to advance as planned. We expect operations to commence in Q1 of FY '2027. 
 
The plant will have a capacity of 9000 MT per annum, and all critical machinery has already 
been ordered, with deliveries expected to begin in the later half of Q3 FY '26. Additionally, the 
facility will include an in-house rooftop solar power plant, enabling us to produce green copper 
cathodes, further strengthening our commitment to sustainability and clean energy.  
Additionally, we have entered into a joint venture agreement with Texas-based CNY Group 
Investment Incorporation, part of the renowned CNY Global Group, one of North America's 
largest exporters of non-ferrous metals, with an annual export volume of around 2.5 lakh tons 
and presence across 10 scrapyards in the United States.  
The JV will establish a Rs60 crores copper scrap recycling plant in Ahmedabad, focusing on 
recycling end-of-life materials such as cables, motors, alternators, etcetera. Jain Resource 
Recycling  will hold a 55% stake and manage operations, while C&Y Group, with a 45% stake, 
will source raw materials scrap from the United States. 
 
This partnership marks another important step in our journey to build a global integrated 
recycling ecosystem in India. Our growth strategy emphasizes expanding recycling capacity and 
diversifying operations through new recycling verticals, including joint ventures, international 
scrapyard acquisition, automotive tire recycling, e-waste processing, and solar panel recycling. 
 
With a diversified product portfolio, strong customer relationships, and strategic initiatives in 
forward integration and niche recycling, we are well positioned to capture emerging domestic 
and international opportunities. 
 
Coming to sustainability and ESG, I would like to touch upon a few important pillars of our 
business, which are sustainability and ESG principles. At Jain Resource Recycling, we continue 
to invest in advanced technologies and systems that help us optimize our recycling processes 
and minimize waste. Our focus remains on reducing our environmental footprint while creating 
a positive and lasting impact within the communities we serve. 
 
The reality is that as long as the human race exists, waste will continue to be generated in one 
form or the other. What truly matters is how responsibly we choose to deal with it. Someone 
must take ownership of converting this inevitable waste into a resource. At Jain Resource 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
Recycling, we have embraced that responsibility through sustainable, compliant, and future-
ready recycling practices. 
 
We strictly comply with the environmental regulations, ensuring safe handling and disposal of 
hazardous materials through specialized third-party services. We also remain deeply committed 
to contributing to a broader societal goal of promoting equity and long-term economic well-
being through responsible recycling practices and inclusive growth. 
 
In alignment with India's evolving policy framework, the government has introduced mandates 
on the rate of recycled content for key non-ferrous metals, a policy development that strongly 
reinforces our business model and the importance of organized recycling. In copper, minimum 
recycled content has been mandated to be 5% from 2021, increasing to 10% in 2029 and further 
to 20% by 2021. 
 
Similarly, in aluminum, the mandated minimum recycled content is 5% starting from 2028, 
rising to 10% in 2029, and continuing to 2031. Additionally, under the extended producer 
responsibility regime, imports of non-ferrous metals, the domestic sourcing of non-ferrous 
metals will be eligible for EPR points starting from 1st April 2026, further incentivizing 
compliant recycling operations. 
 
Together, the EPR and RRT mandates are expected to accelerate formal recycling in India, 
improve material recovery rates, and open up significant growth opportunities for organized 
recyclers like us. In conclusion, our unwavering commitment to ESG principles, operational 
excellence, and innovation continues to drive our journey, ensuring sustainable value creation 
for all stakeholders while contributing positively to society and the environment. 
 
With that, I would like to conclude my remarks and hand over the proceedings to my colleague 
Mr. Hemant Jain, Executive Director and CFO, who will take you through the detailed financial 
performance. Over to you, Hemant. 
Moderator: 
So, Hemant's line has dropped from the call. I am now reconnecting him. Ladies and gentlemen, 
we have Hemant Jain connected with us. Hemant sir, please proceed. 
Hemant Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, Mayank sir, and sorry for this call got disconnected abruptly. So, good 
afternoon to everyone, and I'll quickly walk you through the key numbers, after which we'll open 
the floor for your questions. I'm pleased to share that our company has concluded the first half 
of FY '26 with robust growth, delivering strong performance across the key business segments 
and financial metrics. We have reported a healthy growth in terms of revenue, EBITDA margin, 
and the PAT margin, underscoring the strength of our operations and the resilience of our 
business model. 
 
So, now I'll come to the consolidated financial performance for the Q2 of financial year '26. The 
top revenue from the operation stood at around INR2114 crores compared to INR1392 crores in 
Q2 of FY '25, which reflects a strong 52% growth on year-on-year basis, while the EBITDA 
stood at around INR160 crores compared to INR88 crores in Q2 of FY '25, reflecting a strong 
82% year-on-year growth, while the EBITDA margin stood at around 7.6%. 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
 
Profit for the period stood at around INR99 crores compared to INR53 crores in Q2 of FY '25, 
reflecting an 88% on year-on-year growth, while the PAT margin stood at around 4.7%. Now, 
I'll just give you the brief with respect to the consolidated financial performance of first half for 
the financial year '26, where the top revenue from operations stood at around INR3663 crores 
compared to INR2889 crores in H1 of FY '25, reflecting a healthy 27% growth on year-on-year 
basis. 
 
The revenue from the repeat customer is around 88% and the EBITDA stood at around INR250 
crores compared to INR182 crores of H1 FY '25, reflecting a strong performance of around 37% 
on year-on-year growth, while the EBITDA margin stood at around 6.8%. The profit for the 
period stood at around INR155 crores compared to INR112 crores in H1 financial year '25, 
which also reflects around 38% year-on-year growth, while the PAT margin stood at around 
4.2%.  
Now, I'll take through you the segmental performance and the revenue mix for the first half of 
financial year '26, where the copper and copper alloy ingots contributes around 46% of the total 
revenue, and the lead products contribute around 48% of the total revenue, while the aluminum 
and aluminum products contribute around 4%, while the other segments contribute 2% of the 
total revenue. The first half of FY '26 revenue mix between domestic and export markets stood 
at around 37% comes out from domestic, and the 63% comes from the exports, respectively.  
With that, I would like to conclude my remarks and hand over the proceedings to Mr. Kamlesh 
Jain, the Chairman and the Managing Director, who will share his closing thoughts before we 
open the floor for the questions. Over to you, Kamlesh sir. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Thank you, Hemant. To summarize, the first half of FY '26 has been a milestone period for Jain 
Resource Recycling Limited, marked by our successful listing and strong operational 
performance and continued progress across all the business verticals. Our financial results 
clearly reflect the strength of our integrated recycling model, discipline, execution, and focus on 
value creation. 
We remain steadfast in our strategy of expanding capacities, deepening our presence across non-
ferrous recycling segments, advancing our journey of forward integration into copper cathodes, 
wire rods, and busbars. Alongside, we continue to explore our new avenues such as acquiring 
strategic scrapyards, tire recycling, e-waste processing, and solar panel recycling, each aligned 
with our vision of building a circular and sustainable future.  
With regard, during the quarter, we entered into a strategic joint venture with C&Y Group 
Investments Incorporation, USA, established a copper scrap recycling plant in Ahmedabad. This 
partnership brings together JRR's operational expertise and C&Y's strong global sourcing 
capabilities, further strengthening our leadership in the non-ferrous recycling space and 
reinforcing our global integration strategies.  
Our emphasis on technology, compliance, and ESG principles continue to drive operational 
excellence and long-term competitiveness. As India advanced towards greater formalization of 
the recycling sector through initiatives like Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR), and 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
mandated recycling content norms, we believe the environment is increasingly favorable for 
organized and compliant players like us. 
With our diversified portfolio, strong customer relationship, and future-ready business model, 
we are confident of sustaining our growth momentum and delivering continuous value to all the 
stakeholders. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Amit Lahoti from Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the successful listing. So my first question is 
on operating performance for Q2 where we have 36% growth in revenue from the last quarter. 
So if you could quantify how much of it came from volume growth, how much from prices, and 
if there is any inventory liquidation as well? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So partly I will answer this here. Most of the sales are coming from volume growth. We have a 
hedging mechanism back-to-back. So the LME price goes up and down, there is not much effect. 
But I would like Hemant to address this question. Hemant, can you reply to this? 
Hemant Jain: 
Yes. So with respect to the -- can you repeat again the same question, please? 
Amit Lahoti: 
Yes. So if you could quantify how much of the revenue growth of 36% sequentially came from 
volume growth, how much from prices, and if there is any inventory liquidation? 
Hemant Jain: 
Okay. So coming to one by one, with respect to the prices, as already Kamlesh sir has explained, 
we are completely hedged and all the metals we work on are hedging mechanism. So there is no 
such volume growth from the price movement. 
Secondly, from the quantity perspective, as you can see, the lead performance has grown around 
47%, while the copper has grown by around 14% to 15%. So this growth has come from that. 
And with respect to the inventory liquidation, we have actually -- the working capital cycle has 
gone up in this quarter as compared to the last year. So there is no such revenue coming up from 
the inventory liquidation. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Okay. And there's a big movement in working capital. If I look at all the key items, inventory, 
receivables, and payables, they've all gone up in this quarter. So any specific reason for this or 
we expect this to unwind in the coming quarters, if that is the expectation? 
Hemant Jain: 
Yes, I agree. The working capital cycle has gone up from 38 days to around 52, majorly because 
of the high inventory days. And as you know, our major source of purchase is through imports. 
So globally, there are a lot of disturbance like supply chain disturbance in the shipping line. Then 
there was an investigation of copper imports by US, which was done in Feb 2025. Because of 
that, the inventory -- number of inventory days has gone up in this quarter. 
Even the debtors has increased, but we have tried to manage the same by -- if you can see my 
working capital cycle where we have increased our creditors' days also. And we expect this 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
normalization starting from the end of December. And we'll again come back to the old level of 
inventory days, working capital cycle of around 40, 42 days by the end of the last, maybe in the 
middle of the last quarter of FY '26, somewhere in the Feb of '26. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Basically, Hemant is saying that the shipment of the metal has come together. So the quarter 
one, there was a slow shipment from the US, but quarter two was a large shipment that started 
arriving from the US. And that's why the inflow of the metal started in the bulk. But now it will 
get settled down, and it will normalize in the next few days. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Okay. And then my second question is, if you could provide guidance for volumes and margins 
by segment, what is the sustainable level? And what is the level that we are looking for, say, FY 
'26 by segment? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Hemant, you would like to -- actually, in this case, the copper is the segment which I definitely 
expect copper to lead higher than any other commodity in our manufacturing business. And 
already the copper cathode plant and the wire rod plant is going to start from the next year, 
beginning of the next year, around February. So copper will lead this segment wise, and it will 
grow faster than the other commodities. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Okay. But in terms of EBITDA per ton for lead, we have done INR18,920 per ton. And for 
copper, we have done INR51,000. So can we expect them to sustain? Or is there going to be 
some variability in these? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
No, it will definitely sustain also. And in the copper case, the EBITDA per ton will go up also 
because of the new plant. The new plant, what we are going to manufacture, copper cathode, 
wire rod, basically, value addition plant, and it is not adding top line, it is adding more bottom 
line. And that's why EBITDA per ton in the copper will go up. I expect it to go up from next 
year. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
I can't give exact number, but I expect it to go up. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
So, congratulations on good set of numbers and good listing, sir. So basically, I just wanted to 
understand about this. We have been going at the rate of 40% for the last few years. Are these 
growth rates sustainable? And so and what is the opportunity size for us in the future? And what 
are our differentiating factors versus competition? Is the sourcing capabilities one of our 
differentiating factors or USP worldwide? And lastly, on C&Y, tie up which you have done, if 
you can highlight your point. Thank you. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So, as I said in the earlier interview also, that recycling is not a choice, it is a compulsion, and 
we have to recycle to live this life on this planet. So, the recycling will keep growing and there 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
will be more and more recycling as human race exists in this world, as Mayank said earlier. This 
will keep coming and India has unique strength and USPs in recycling. 
 
Compared to all the countries in the world, India is far, far ahead in recycling. That's why Indian 
companies will grow in recycling as you have seen the performance of other companies also. 
So, I don't think any problem will come and what we are growing 40% CAGR in last so many 
years. I expect the growth momentum to continue also and as the data is last first half, you must 
have noticed that the growth is more than that.  
There is no problem. But C&Y, yes, C&Y is one of the largest exporters in USA in North 
America and they have global sourcing capabilities and they have been supplying to us also. 
Now, they join us for putting plant near the Mundra port, which is where this venture is going 
to take place. And we expect next year the production to go online and it will be a good addition 
in our copper revenue. Right now, I cannot disclose more than that, but I am sure that you will 
see the stunning results in next year. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Sir, our margins are slightly on the lower side versus competition. What could be the reason for 
that and can we hope for the higher margin in time next few months? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Different companies have different models and different geography conditions. You cannot 
compare like apple to apple. If you compare apple to apple, then our peers, there are some peers 
out of India and they have different models and some peers -- and since we are in copper 
recycling and we don't have any peers in copper, our 70% sale is different from the peers. 
 
That circumstances, we cannot be compared with the other peers and our models and our margins 
are sustainable long term and it is going to definitely go up in the future because of the expansion 
and diversification and the value-added product what we are going to manufacture. So, right 
now, what you are seeing, it will definitely sustain and it will go up only. 
Vivek Gautam: 
And lastly, there was some news about the US government and the recyclers in the US, 
especially in aluminium, asking the US government to place a ban on export of aluminium scrap. 
How big is the threat to us and how big is the US as a sourcing destination for us foreign different 
materials? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Even I also read that article, but basically, US do not have sufficient capacities to recycle. So 
much of tonnage of aluminum, which is generating the US, they have to export. And second 
point is we are buying globally from 120 countries. So, we are not like -- depending on US, of 
course, US is one of the biggest supplier to us, but we buy globally and I do not see any threat 
for our raw metal requirement.  
And aluminium is a very minor sale for us, overall to sell the copper and lead is the main metals 
and there are other markets for us to source the scrap and recycle material. So, I do not think 
much said and this is only just an initial talk, but US do not have that much of capabilities to 
recycle so much of aluminium and they have to export only. 
Vivek Gautam: 
No such restriction on copper and lead from US? 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
Mayank Pareek: 
Then I would like to add here. The proposal is to ban the export of UBC, although it is at a very 
primitive stage, but that is for Used Beverage Cans, which we do not use. Our products do not 
use this scrap. 
Vivek Gautam: 
And no such restriction on copper and lead, sir?  
Kamlesh Jain:  
Nothing, so far nothing. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dheeraj Ram from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. Dheeraj, please unmute your line and proceed with your question. Since there is no 
response, we will move on to the next question, which is from the line of Naman Parmar from 
Niveshaay Investments. Please go ahead. 
Naman Parmar: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir, and wish you a very warm and prosperous Diwali and Happy New 
Year. So firstly, on the lead side, I just wanted to understand, currently you have done around 
9.6% of margin. Right, so what is the percentage of the value-added products and which value-
added products are mostly going to other than the lead-acid battery requirements? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So we basically made, we make only lead ingot in the lead segment and we do not make any 
value-added product in the lead side. So, our base finished goods is 99.97% lead ingots, which 
are base raw material for the battery manufacturers. And we also recycle the battery box and 
plastic granules and we make the compound and we supply the plastic granules for the plastic 
box manufacturers.  So that is what we do in lead and there is not much value-added product in 
the lead side. 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay, so then how we are able to make a very high margin on the lead side compared to the 
competitors and all? How sustainable can we do this particular margin in the going forward? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
There was an earlier question, the other gentleman asked me that why such a low margin in the 
business? And now it is good to hear that you are saying high margins. It is not a point of high 
margin or low margin. It is a point of the margins are at par with the peers in the market and this 
is for who are doing recycling in India. And I do not find that these margins are sustainable. 
 
These are already rock-bottom margins and it is a scalable business. So in the business of 
recycling, as when we more and more recycle, more and more we do production, the cost of 
production goes down because the variable expenses are also linked to the production. And that 
is why when the cost goes down, the margin sustains. And we are expanding every year 30%-
40% capacities. In that circumstances, the margin will sustain and the scale of production will 
benefit us in getting the better margin. 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay, so has the industries now, if you see on the batteries side, the technology is shifting very 
fastly from lead to lithium and lithium to sodium. So, what is your outlook for the lead in the 
future? Like there will be a very good requirement for the lead recycling for next 2-3 years or 
you see to come to any new technology for the recycling like lithium or anything else? 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
Kamlesh Jain: 
First of all, lead acid battery is not going to go anywhere. The lead acid battery will remain, will 
be used by all the cars, motorbikes or other automobiles because every lithium car company 
requires a lead acid battery also to start the car for headlights and for inside all the lights they 
require only lead acid battery. Lithium battery is used only to replace the typical engine of the 
petrol and diesel. So it is not that the lead acid battery is going to go anywhere. They will remain 
in the automobiles; they will not go anywhere. This is first. 
 
Second, for lithium recycling, lithium recycling plant, we do have a strategy in the future, but 
right now the raw material is not sufficient enough to start a plant and because the life of lithium 
recycling is very long, eight years sometimes and reuse more than recycle. So right now because 
of scarcity of raw material, we are not planning, but we may plan in the future. 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay, understood. Secondly, on the copper side, if we compare this with the other segment, it 
has currently a low margin of 4.5% to 5%. But as you mentioned that as value-added products 
will kick in, you are expecting a very good margin. But if you can elaborate how maximum the 
margin can flow from step 1 to copper cathode to busbar, so it will be very helpful. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So we are going to value-add the product of copper and that's from the copper cathodes and then 
we are making copper wire rods and then we are making copper busbar and then we are going 
to do some plating. So, every stage of this product will add at least 0.75% to 1.5% margin on 
different products with different applications.  
I cannot give exact number, but I of course expect the EBITDA margin to go up by at least 3% 
to 4% in copper segment alone and that will have the complete chain and will have an impact 
on EBITDA in a positive manner in a big way next year. 
Naman Parmar: 
Means from 5% to maximum it can go to 8%, right? It's around the range. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So actually now what we are seeing is the overall margin of all the metals including copper, 
lead, tin, plastic and all. Copper segment alone will add up in this, but it will not impact lead and 
other metals, it will impact only copper. 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay. And lastly on how maximum the capacity utilization you can reach and how you are 
expecting to utilize optimum utilization in the next couple of years? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Right now we are doing more than 100%. Right now, it is, like, quotation is very high and we 
are doing very big… 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Because every year we always keep some grace capacity in our production planning. So we are 
right now utilizing more than 100% and I don't think any problem will come for full capacity 
utilization in the months to come and we are always expanding and to our present capacity also. 
So it will have this -- without any problem I don't think any problem should come for capacity 
utilization. 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay. And any volume growth guidance you can provide? 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Naman, I would request you to please join back the call. 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay. Yes. I will join back. Yes. Thank you so much. Yes. Okay. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Praful Kumar from Dymonasia. 
Praful Kumar: 
Hi, sir. Many congratulations on very strong earnings. Sir, broadly two things I want to 
understand. In terms of sustainability, you have a significant edge in sourcing. So broadly, how 
the pipeline looks from the sourcing side for the next, say, two quarters to four quarters? Is the 
Q2 performance more sustainable in terms of growth? And second would be on capex. Post the 
IPO and the new projects you are working on? What kind of capex and asset turn are you looking 
at in the business? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
The first part I will apply here. Our sourcing -- we are increasing our sourcing country by 
country. And as we have told earlier also, we are 120 plus country now. And every year we add 
some countries and deep sourcing capabilities and domestic sourcing also increase a lot now. 
And our domestic sourcing actually gone up very high in this current year and we got a better 
compliance of GST and the industry is very organized now. 
Can you put your mute actually? Okay. So, can you put your mute yourself, because a lot of 
disturbance. Yes, so I was saying that, our domestic sourcing has gone up very high and I expect 
to go more and more domestic sourcing. And that circumstances, we do not have any shortage 
of raw material for next year. At least I am very sure about that. Coming back to the point of the 
capex, I would like Mr. Mayank Pareek to take this question. 
Mayank Pareek: 
So on the capex, one thing is about continuous expansion in the existing business. Because as a 
strategy, whenever we exceed the capacity utilization above 80%, we add new capacities in the 
existing verticals so that we keep a healthy gap between the capacity installed and capacity 
utilized. 
On that account, we expect year-on-year capital expenditure of INR20 crores per annum to 
INR30 crores per annum. Then we are working on the project of value-added products for 
copper. And the Phase 1 consists of a plant with a capacity of 9,000 tons per annum, which has 
a capital expenditure of INR95 crores. And once this is done, then with a time lag of two months, 
three months after it is commissioned, we will go in for a replica of this project to double the 
capacity and the capex would be another INR50 crores. 
Then Ahmedabad, the JV was announced. And here we will be spending some INR30 crores 
from JRR side. Then we are working on many projects, the tire recycling and solar panel 
recycling, EVS recycling and other things. The studies are at an advanced stage and if they 
materialize, then maybe over the next two years, three years, subject to the concluding and 
putting up these projects, capital -- another capital expenditure of INR100 crores could be 
estimated. So, that's a summary of the capex -- estimated capex. 
Moderator: 
Praful, does that answer all your questions? 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
Praful Kumar: 
Yes. Yes. So, just last thing on margins. Did you guide over the next, say, 12 months, 18 months, 
how the margin profile will look, given the new projects coming up? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
We have already discussed this earlier also about the future margins. 
Praful Kumar: 
Okay. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
And I've already explained in the previous questions about the guidance and the future. So, I 
think we have to talk about... 
Praful Kumar: 
Okay, sir. I'll go through the transcript. Yes. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Yes. Yes. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Deepthi Rajulapati from Axis AMC. 
Deepthi Rajulapati: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to check... 
Moderator: 
Deepthi, I do apologize to interrupt you. Your audio is not coming through clearly. 
Deepthi Rajulapati: 
I just wanted to check on the timelines of this JV. When will the planned commission and the 
capex includes land costs? Yes. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Mayank, would you take this question? 
Moderator: 
Sir, Mayank sir line has been disconnected. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Okay. I will reply. 
Moderator: 
Give me one second, I'll join you. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
I will reply. So, your question was the timeframe. So, timeline is -- we have just finalized the 
place and now, and maybe after licenses and the machine installation, six months to nine months, 
we'll start the production there. And the plan will get stabilized, maximum nine months to 12 
months and six months to nine months, the commission will come. And the -- what was the 
second part of the question? 
Deepthi Rajulapati: 
The land cost, is it included in the capex that you... 
Kamlesh Jain: 
No. We did not -- we are asset light here and we did not bought any land, plant, sorry, machine, 
everything. What we're buying right now on rental models. So, the land, shed, the buildings, we 
are taking on rent, and we are not going to be owning assets, so we are asset light. 
Deepthi Rajulapati: 
Okay. What's the thought process behind going in a JV route rather than putting up a plant on 
your own? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So, it's a good question. You must understand in the business of recycling, sourcing is very, very 
important. As much as you source, you can recycle, you can sell. There is nothing called order 
book, fake book order here. All is a purchase order book. How much you can source, you can 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
recycle and you can sell. There is no problem. And you can even manufacture also by increasing 
capacity. 
To secure and to avoid competition, two big giants of -- in the recycling space in the world, in 
the copper, is C&Y and Jain. So, we joined together and since we have global sourcing and C&Y 
is only US-based sourcing, so we come to competition and this item is also new. This is electric 
motor scrap and they have more strength in this. So, to strategic partnership reason, we have 
joined together. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sucrit D Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. 
Sucrit D Patil: 
Good afternoon to the Jain team. I have two questions. I'll just combine them into one and ask. 
As you have already laid out the growth plan for Jain Recycling, but when it comes to actual 
scaling this model, especially with supply chain gaps, compliance hurdles and technological 
integration, how would you be navigating through these challenges and what kind of internal 
strength are you building? 
And my second question is, with regards to the input cost, swinging and compliance costs that 
are arising, how would you be planning to keep the margins steady? What are the plans that Jain 
is going to put into action that will keep the profitability in line? Yes. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
The first question was a little confused question. What exactly you want to say about the 
compliance and cost? I don't understand your question. What was the question, the first question? 
Sucrit D Patil: 
My question was, as you have laid out the plans, but to -- I believe to put the plans in action, you 
will have to deal with a lot of supply chain gaps or compliance hurdles. How would you mean 
navigating through this? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
What do you mean by compliance hurdles? Supply side, I already explained many times that we 
have deep sourcing capabilities. Just now we have joined hand with C&Y, one of the global 
giants in recycling in the US. And there are many proposals such that we can join and we have 
deep 120 country plus sourcing. So, supply chain is not at all challenge because that is why we 
are growing. 
We are growing 40% CAGR year-on-year. And this year also we have shown more than our 
projected. So, there is no supply chain challenges. Of course, it's one of the key point in 
manufacturing these commodities. But supply chain challenge, that's what we are continuing 
and we're growing. What is the compliance issue here, you're talking about that? Which 
compliance issue? Can you explain to me? 
Moderator: 
Sir, the participant has left the question queue. We will move on to the next question, which is 
from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday Investment Office. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on your results as well as your listing. I 
want to understand, you're giving your capex plans for the next year or so across most of your 
segments. But you didn't mention anything about lead and aluminum. 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
And I want to focus more on lead because, basis whatever numbers I could pull out from the 
DRHP, it seems that you're already at about 80% capacity utilization there, or that's what I could 
figure out. So, could you just give us some guidance on how you're seeing that segment going 
to evolve over the next year or 18 months? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
You're asking about the lead growth? 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Yes, lead. I'm asking about lead. Because I think your capacity utilization in lead is upwards of 
80%. And you didn't mention any capex on lead. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So, what we do generally is that every year we keep 20% capacity extra. We do not -- as this 
business is on sourcing side more, so we keep our capacity extra. And when this capacity gets 
full, we again additionally build this capacity. Now what happened last year, we built 80% and 
20% extra. We kept what we made ready. 
 
Now this year, that 20% has been fulfilled. That is where the lead sale has gone up on this current 
first half, if you see. The lead sale has gone up by, I think, almost 30%-40%, which Hemant can 
clarify more. But the lead sale has gone up hugely. And again, now we are running 100% 
capacity full of lead. We are going to additionally build 20% capacity. 
So, basically our base infrastructure, which includes the furnace and the laboratories and the 
battery breaking machines, all are having high capacities. We will put more refining furnace to 
additionally build and increase the production. So, that is where the small investment in the 
capacities will build the large production. And that -- so that way, every year our average growth 
of 30%-40% will be having in the lead also. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just one quick question on this. One of your peers mentions a strategic advantage 
being a geographically diverse footprint. Allows him to source and supply to his customers with 
a cheaper logistics cost. 
While you have mentioned about how your location and concentration near the ports is a 
strategic advantage from an import and export perspective. Are you also thinking about 
diversifying your geographical footprint so that your sourcing is closer to your factories and 
your suppliers, etcetera, etcetera 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So it depends on the business model and where you are selling your product and where you are 
importing your raw material. Now, in our business, our model is very simple that we want to 
centralize one location to reduce the cost of production instead of managing so many units in 
different places. It is a challenge for us and the bandwidth requires a big way. 
 
So, we have centralized one place and larger capacities. And that way, we reduce the cost. And 
we also have an advantage of Southeast Asia because we export our 70% to 80%, 90% lead for 
export market. And we are not selling much in India. And we are selling more on -- abroad in 
Korea, Japan, and Singapore, and Malaysia. So, we don't have local -- more customers local than 
export. 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
 
So that way, we are different from others. And we don't need a geographical location to run the 
plant. So one centralized location helps us to reduce the cost and the bandwidth. And export 
market is as a state advantage from Chennai to Southeast Asia. It's huge and we have almost 
zero freight. That will help us to export more and more. 
Parikshit Kabra: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for your time and the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankit Babel from Subhkam Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Babel: 
Good afternoon, sir. Sir, sorry, I missed the growth part, the growth guidance which you gave. 
So, considering your H1 performance and the upcoming capacities, what kind of revenue growth 
do you see in FY '26 and '27 for the company as a whole? And also, what are your sustainable 
operating margins for 2 years? Again, for the company as a whole. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So, Mr. Mayank, are you there? Can you reply this? You want to take this? 
Mayank Pareek: 
The growth projections cannot help what the growth projections suggest. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Mayank, we can't -- we're not able to hear you. Mayank, what you said. 
Mayank Pareek: 
The question was about the growth perspective in FY '26 and 27. 
Ankit Babel: 
Yes, revenue growth for the company as a whole. 
Mayank Pareek:  
Yes, so I'd rather invite Hemant because he had brought the... 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Okay, okay. Mayank is actually traveling abroad, so his lines are not clear. Hemant, would you 
like to take this question? 
Hemant Jain: 
Yes, sure. So, with respect to the revenue growth, so presently you can see our H1 performance 
as compared to the last year, we have shown a growth of around 27% in the revenue. And with 
the present capacity utilization and the capex plan, what we have, we estimate that this growth 
of around 20%-25%, which we have already performed in the last 4 to 5 years, this growth will 
still continue on the present portfolio of the products. And can you come up with the second 
question, Ankit? 
Ankit Babel: 
Sustainable operating margins for the company as a whole. 
Hemant Jain: 
Yes. So, with respect to the operating margin, already Kamlesh sir has explained in his opening 
remarks, and with respect to the margins with the segment wise, I think lead, we are almost at 
par and par with other peers. 
And with respect to the copper and which has grown from around 33,000 per ton to presently at 
around 50,000. This will be sustainable because of our capacity of deep sourcing and the duty 
structure which got scrapped within this budget for the current financial year. 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
So, with this -- with all these factors, we estimate that this EBITDA margins and, in each 
segment, will get sustained. And this has been proven in the past records of the company for 
the last 3 to 4 years. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
I would like to add, as Hemant said that in this budget, last year budget in February, the duty 
structure, lead and copper become zero. And the main commodity for us has become zero. We 
are getting the export advantage now in a much better way, and that also increasing the EBITDA 
margin in a bigger way. And that impact, you must have noticed in the first half result of the 
year, where our EBITDA and PAT margin has gone up because of the duties also become zero. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And one small question, what would be your finance cost in FY '26 and FY '27, 
considering the revenue growth and the working capital requirement and also the fact that you 
have repaid part of your debt through IPO proceeds? So, finance cost would be how much? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Basically -- yes, Ankit – basically, Ankit, what we do is that mainly we import on non-fund LC 
limits. So, our rotation of the money happens on the LC limits when we import the material and 
we open SBLC to suppliers and that is around 5% to 6% total cost which includes SOFR plus 
some basis point. And that is our finance cost for importing the raw material, working capital 
cycle because most of the -- our imports are happening through this. 
 
And as far as your -- the overall finance cost will not -- will go proportionately because of the 
working capital requirement and as the production goes up also, on the percentage of the 
turnover, the finance cost may go down and the IPO money of INR500 crores will be also 
utilized to repay the bank debt, which will reduce the finance cost in a much, much significant 
way. And I think next year we will see less number in proportion to the sales of the company. 
Ankit Babel: 
Any number, sir, are against INR85 crores? Last year it was INR85 crores approx. So, what 
number you are looking at for this year? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Hemant, you will take this? Hemant, are you there? 
Hemant Jain: 
Yes, yes, I am there. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Can you reply this? 
Hemant Jain: 
Yes, Ankit, can you just give INR85 crores means you mean to say the finance cost? 
Ankit Babel: 
Finance cost last year was approximately INR84.7 crores. So, this year you are looking at what 
and next year also if you can guide. 
Hemant Jain: 
With this primary inclusion of INR500 crores where we have used around INR375 crores to 
repay the debt. So, basically we will save around INR24 crores to INR25 crores on the finance 
cost because of the repayment, but as you see the volume growth has happened around 27% on 
year-end basis. So, that will again actually being funded from the internal accruals. So, we 
estimate this finance cost will come down to the extent of around INR20 crores to INR22 crores 
on an annual basis. 
Ankit Babel: 
On an annualized basis. 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
Hemant Jain: 
Yes. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. So, at best it will remain at INR85 crores. It will not increase. Okay. Thank you so much, 
sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pallavi from Sameeksha Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Pallavi: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for taking my question. This was regarding this, the inventory. You 
mentioned about the imports seeing more investigation. But if I look at the raw material sourced 
from domestic, it's gone up this year to 39% versus last year average of 25%. Sir, I just wanted 
to understand this point better? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
You mean to say the raw material cost of production gone up, you're asking? 
Pallavi: 
No, not cost of production. The raw material sourced domestically is up. It's gone up to 39%. As 
per RHP, it was 25%, 23%. So, we sourced more domestically, yet our working capital our 
inventory days has gone up. So, I'm not able to reconcile those two things? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So, the raw material sourcing of domestic has gone up for sure because we are focusing more 
and more now Indian market compared to previous because Indian recycling market is also 
getting organized now. And there are organized companies which are coming to for selling 
because of all the compliance of GSTs and other issues.  
So, and we are also buying semi-crude material also to make it into pure refine and make it into 
a proper branded product. So, there are many local factors which are supporting the domestic 
sourcing of the raw materials. Coming back to a point of the alignment of the, I mean, the cost 
of the fund, you are saying the cost of interest gone up. So, see what happened is that… 
Pallavi: 
No, I'm saying about the, sorry sir, inventory days. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Inventory days. Okay. 
Pallavi: 
If you are sourcing domestically, it should actually help to bring down that? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Yes, you're right. But what happened is that subsequently our direct sourcing also gone up very 
highly. So, when we source domestically the cycle is done faster, no doubt in that, but we also 
increase our direct sourcing. In the direct sourcing, we used to buy earlier CIF, Chennai port and 
we used to make payment on the arrival.  
But when you source directly to scrap from the scrapyards and those scrap dismantling 
companies, then we have to make the payment and take the materials from the US and other 
places where we make advance payment and take the material to have better margin and better 
security of raw materials. So, those also gone up.  
Overall, because of direct sourcing gone up, the cycle of the payment rotation also got more. If 
you want a segment wise break up also, we can give later to you that why it has been going on, 
but the main reason is direct sourcing gone up. That is why our cycle is going up. 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
Pallavi: 
What is the share of direct sourcing in the total raw materials? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
I will give you segment wise. I do not have data right now with me. I will give you the segment 
wise. You drop me an email. I will reply back to you with the segment wise. 
Pallavi: 
And sir my second question was with regard to the related party transactions we have seen at the 
RHP. So, some factory is leased from the promoter. So, the new opportunity also coming up will 
be on lease from promoter or are we going to see a reduction in the related party transaction? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Basically, what we are saying is that I think the merger of company has drastically reduced the 
related by transaction. They still will have some one plant or other plant. So, recycling are getting 
interconnected. Now, what happened is that, but right now as we come down because of the two 
major companies, copper and lead got merged. So, it will come down for sure.  
But we will still have some transaction because of Jain Green Technology which is expanding 
into copper and already aluminium recycling company is expanding to copper also. So, there 
will be inter supply of the raw materials from one plant to other plant. Let us say for example, 
when we recycle aluminum cables, we also get copper content in that. 
And that copper content we have supplied to the main company which is called JRR. So, there 
will be always a related party transaction and there will be supplies side and the two exchange 
raw material because different companies got different strength and has to be compensated with 
each other's raw material requirement.  
Hemant Jain: 
One more thing, ma'am, I would like to add here is that the interrelated inter-party transactions 
what you are referring to. So, both the Jain Green Technologies are 100% subsidiary of JRR. 
And as already Kamlesh sir has explained, when we import the scrap, we get the scrap of 
aluminum also along with sometime in the cables and other things. 
 
So, which we sell to the 100% subsidiary at an arm's length prices. And all the prices are being 
driven by LME. So, hopefully that will not get much impacted in any of the profitability of any 
of the company because both the companies get the profitability gets merged and the transactions 
get nullified. 
Pallavi: 
Right sir. My last question was this on the financials in the other financial liabilities, they have 
increased from INR50 crores to INR800 crores. We just wanted to understand what this is? 
Hemant Jain: 
Sorry, the other? 
Pallavi: 
In the balance sheet, the other financial liabilities? 
Hemant Jain: 
Okay. 
Pallavi: 
That is increased from INR50 crores to 800 crores. So, what item is this? 
Hemant Jain: 
So, what happened, we have got this IPO money on the last day of this first half of the financial 
year. Okay. So, we need to account for the liability payable to the selling shareholder because 
all the money which has been got for INR1,250 crores into the company's account and which 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
was paid to the selling shareholder on the first of October. So, that INR818 crores what you are 
seeing as another financial liability is consist of INR750 crores payable to the selling 
shareholders. 
Pallavi: 
Yes. Okay. And sir, lastly in China, what is the size of these recyclers there in terms of 
competitiveness versus the Chinese manufacturers if you could share some insight on and is 
there any listed company in China in the same business? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
China has got certain rules and regulations. Most of the Chinese are doing in Thailand and 
Malaysia recycling. And first of all, as I told you India has got some unique USPs in recycling, 
which China and other countries are not having. That is why the C&Y also came to India to join 
because of India's three USPs. The first is the cheap labor supply and the mass labor supply.  
So, the cheap labor supply and the mass supply will not be available in many countries of the 
world. That is why India is ruling in the recycling. Number two is the plastic ecosystem. What 
India has having this plastic ecosystem to make cheaper plastic products from this plastic waste, 
which is generated from cables and the batteries is not available to other countries because, for 
example, who wears your Hawaii sleeper. In India, poor people wear it, villages wear it.  
Similarly, you will see that in India, the cheap yoga mats and car mats are used in India. People 
do not wear them. Shoes are made from it, tissues are made from it. All this is not available 
outside. So, this is the reason why India could use USPs. And the third USP India has got is the 
government tier guidelines and rules and regulations and the license quota system.  
Where the government is promoting recycling, government wants to making of recycling like 
they are promoting recycling theme park. They are promoting the incentive. You must have read 
the two days back, where the critical mineral recycling policy also came for the various non-
ferrous metals. So, government is promoting recycling in a big way.  
So, these are the USPs and export advantages what we have from India to other countries is not 
available in so many countries. So, that is why India is big in recycling and India is growing in 
recycling. So, comparatively, we do not have any serious competition from these countries. 
Pallavi: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we take that as the last question and 
we conclude the question and answer session. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kamlesh 
Jain for his closing comments. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So, that was last question? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Okay. So, thank you for the opportunity given to us and we appreciate your participation in our 
earnings call today and we must trust that we have addressed all your queries. Should you have 
any further question, please feel free to reach out to Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor 

 
 
Jain Resource Recycling Limited 
 
 
October 23, 2025 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Relation Advisors. And thank you once again. I am wishing you all a very happy Diwali and a 
prosperous New Year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
