9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,   
Dalal Street, 
 Mumbai - 400001   
TCS/SE/125/2025-26 
October 15, 2025 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)   
Mumbai - 400051    
Symbol - TCS 
 Scrip Code No. 532540 
Dear Sirs, 
 Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and six-month period ended 
September 30, 2025 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter and six-month period ended September 30, 2025, conducted after the meeting of 
Board of Directors held on October 9, 2025, for your information and records. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tcs.com. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited 
Yashaswin Sheth 
Company Secretary 
ACS 15388 
Encl: As above 
YASHASW
IN 
NARENDR
A SHETH
Digitally signed 
by YASHASWIN 
NARENDRA 
SHETH 
Date: 2025.10.15 
10:54:05 +05'30'

 
Tata Consultancy Services Limited 
Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TCS Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nehal Shah from the Investor 
Relations team at TCS. Thank you, and over to you. 
Nehal Shah:                Thank you, operator. Good evening, and welcome, everyone. Thank 
you for joining us today to discuss TCS's Financial Results for the 
Second Quarter of Fiscal Year FY 2026 that ended on September 30, 
2025. 
This call is being webcast through our website and an archive, 
including the transcript, will be available on the site for the duration 
of this quarter. The financial statements, quarterly fact sheet and 
press releases are also available on our website. 
Our leadership team is present on this call to discuss our results. 
We have with us today Mr. K Krithivasan, Chief Executive Officer and 
Managing Director. 
K Krithivasan: 
Hi everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Ms. Aarthi Subramanian, Executive Director, President and Chief 
Operating Officer. 
 
Aarthi Subramanian: Hi, everyone. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 2 of 36 
 
Nehal Shah: 
Mr. Samir Seksaria, Chief Financial Officer. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Hello, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
And Mr. Sudeep Kunnumal, Chief Human Resources Officer. 
Sudeep Kunnumal: Hello, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Our management team will give a brief overview of the company's 
performance followed by a Q&A session. As you are aware, we don't 
provide any specific revenue or earnings guidance and anything 
said on this call, which reflects our outlook for the future or which 
could be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be 
reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. We 
have outlined these risks in the second slide of the quarterly fact 
sheet available on our website and e-mail out those who have 
subscribed to our mailing list. 
With that, I would like to turn the call over to Krithi. 
K Krithivasan: 
Firstly, I would like to warmly welcome Sudeep Kunnumal who has 
taken charge as our CHRO w.e.f. 01st October, 2025. Sudeep brings 
over three decades of experience, encompassing a wide spectrum 
of areas within Human Resources, with leadership roles across 
multiple geographies, business groups and HR sub-functions.  
Please join me in wishing Sudeep all the very best in his new role. 
Sudeep Kunnumal: Thank you. 
K Krithivasan: 
Moving on to Q2 performance, we have delivered a good 
performance in the backdrop of continued macro challenges.  
All verticals (except Consumer Business) and all geographies 
(except United Kingdom) returned to positive sequential growth this 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 3 of 36 
 
quarter. India and Emerging markets continued to show strong 
growth momentum in Q2.  
In reported currency, our revenue grew 3.7% sequentially and 2.4% 
year-on-year. Our quarterly revenue grew 0.8% sequentially in 
constant currency. International revenue growth was 0.6% quarter-
on-quarter in constant currency.  
We also delivered strong operating margins and free cash flow.  
We continue to see robust sales momentum this quarter across 
industries and markets. We are pleased to report a TCV of $10 
billion. BFSI TCV was $3.2 billion, and Consumer Business Group 
contributed $1.8 billion. North America TCV was $4.3 billion.  
Our TCV had a sequential increase of 6.5% and a year-on-year 
growth of 16%. More importantly, this quarter, we announced a 
significant mega deal win with Tryg Insurance, underscoring our 
continued success in securing large-scale complex engagements 
and reinforcing our position as a trusted strategic partner for our 
clients.  
Our deal pipeline continues to show strong momentum with a 
healthy mix of cost optimization and transformation deals as well 
as services and platform deals across new and existing businesses. 
Based on client conversations, Q2 revenue growth and TCV, and a 
strong demand pipeline, we see FY26 International revenue growth 
to be better than last fiscal year.   
IT services spend is steady with no significant change expected in 
the near term. Lingering uncertainties in the broader economic 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 4 of 36 
 
environment continue to remain a key challenge. Companies are 
keeping tight control over their discretionary budgets.  
In response to economic and demand volatility, clients are 
consolidating vendors to achieve transformation objectives 
effectively and efficiently. We are finding good success in many 
such large deals using our differentiated, AI-infused solutions.  
The mega deal with Tryg Insurance is a good example of how we 
scale long standing partnerships with our contextual knowledge, 
unmatched delivery track record and leadership in AI.  
Now I want to move on to another important message.  
In the last few quarters, we have undertaken many internal and 
external transformation initiatives to accelerate the adoption of AI 
within TCS and our clients. We have been engaging with our clients 
in understanding the challenges they are facing in scaling AI and 
collaborating with technology partners and academia to unlock the 
true potential of this technology. This experience gives us the 
confidence to say: 
TCS will become the world’s largest AI-led technology services 
Company, enabling Business, Government and Society. 
This transformation is currently underway.  
Early this year, we expanded our leadership team with Aarthi 
Subramanian joining us as COO and Mangesh Sathe as CSO. We 
also created the new roles of Chief Digital and Information Officer 
(Jana) and Head of AI and Service Integration (Amit Kapur).  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 5 of 36 
 
We are committed to making significant investments towards 
transforming ourselves to realize our vision. Currently, our 
investments are focused on these five pillars:  
1. tcsAI  -  Internal transformation to Drive an AI-first Culture, Build AI 
solutions, and Scale AI for connected intelligence 
2. Redefining all Services in a Human + AI services model; We have 
established an AI and Services Transformation unit for this purpose. 
3. Building A ‘Future ready’ talent model – We are investing in Future 
ready skills, embracing new ways of working, and recruiting top 
talent locally in the markets we operate. 
4. Making AI real for clients – We are redesigning business value 
chains for every industry; we are also investing in development of 
innovative cross industry solutions leveraging AI. 
5. AI Ecosystem play – We are deepening our partnerships in the AI 
ecosystem, stepping up our efforts in M&A, and foray into new 
business ventures. You would have seen the Press Release earlier 
for ListEngage and new entity for AI Infrastructure in India. 
I'll now invite Samir to share the update on our financial 
performance.  
 
Samir Seksaria:         Thank you, Krithi. Good day everyone. 
In the second quarter of FY26, our revenue was ₹65,799 crore. In 
reported currency, our revenue grew 3.7% QoQ and 2.4% YoY.  
In constant currency, our revenue grew 0.8% QoQ.  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 6 of 36 
 
Our Q2 operating margin stood at 25.2%, reflecting a sequential 
improvement of 70 basis points. This is excluding one-time 
severance provided this quarter. 
We achieved good growth momentum across all verticals this 
quarter. Our disciplined execution helped us expand our margins 
while making strategic investments. We have prioritized wage hikes, 
building future-ready capabilities and establishing new ecosystem 
partnerships. 
Currency helped support margins by 80 basis points. Giving wage 
hike to our employees was our priority and so we have rolled out 
increments for 80% of our workforce. This increment combined 
with additional Quarterly Variable Allowance (QVA) impacted our 
margins by 70bps, offset by the benefit of 40bps from rebalancing 
of pyramid and 20bps from operating efficiency.  
We continued to make capex investments in infrastructure. A 
couple of examples are:  
• We inaugurated a innovation centre in Singapore, expanding our 
AI research and innovation footprint to 13 hubs globally. This helps 
clients accelerate innovation by providing quicker access to 
advanced capabilities and TCS’ expertise.  
• A new AI-driven operations centre in Mexico City 
• In Europe, we expanded our software-defined vehicle 
innovation capabilities with three new hubs. 
• Recently, we opened our flagship TCS Interactive Design 
Studio in New York City, to help clients create iconic products, 
services, and experiences that are seamless and unified across 
digital ecosystems. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 7 of 36 
 
It is also important to note that we are on a drive to expand our 
already vast pan-India footprint further in both Tier-1 and Tier-2 
cities to the tune of about 50,000 seats in the next 2 to 3 years. 
Our net income margin was 19.6%. Our EPS grew 8.4% Y-o-Y.  
Our accounts receivable was at 75 days outstanding in dollar terms. 
Net cash from operations was $1.5 billion, which is 110.1% of net 
income. Free cash flows were at $1.4 billion and invested funds at 
the end of the period stood at $6.3 billion. 
Our industry leading margins are a vindication of our belief that we 
have the strongest ability to absorb market fluctuations and 
competitive pressures. Secondly growth, when achieved through 
value creation and innovation, will have a positive impact on 
margins over time. We continue to work towards getting back to 
our aspirational band of 26-28%. 
Our financial discipline is also evident in our strong balance sheet, 
robust cash flows, and consistent shareholder payouts. We are 
committed to maintaining a healthy financial position that enables 
us to invest in our bold vision and return value to shareholders.  
This financial strength positions us well in our journey to become 
the world’s largest AI-led technology services Company, to build AI 
centric capabilities, invest in talent development and acquisition, 
strengthen our ecosystem partnerships, while investing in 
infrastructure like data centres and scaling AI platforms. 
Our capital allocation policy remains unchanged. We continue to 
prioritize the return of substantial free cash flow back to 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 8 of 36 
 
shareholders. The Board has recommended a second interim 
dividend of ₹11 per share.  
I would now like to invite Aarthi. 
Aarthi Subramanian: Thank you, Samir. Good evening to all of you.  
As called out by our CEO, we want to become the world’s largest 
AI-led technology services company. Towards this goal we have 
taken a number of steps.  
I will share some perspectives on each of them starting with internal 
AI transformation, that is well underway. 
TCS’ Internal AI transformation:  
We have been focused on our internal transformation journey which 
is now under the broader umbrella of what we call as tcsAI, . We are 
pursuing across three tracks:  
First one is AI-first Culture: To make everyone in TCS to be AI-first, 
we have democratized access to AI Learning by enabling various AI 
tools & environments for our employees to explore, experiment, 
learn and embed AI in their work. The benefit of this is visible in our 
AI-Ready Talent – we now have close to 160,000 associates at higher 
order AI skills. Our leaders are walking the talk - over 10,000 of our 
Sales and Delivery leaders have gone through an immersive and 
hands-on AI Dojo program that we have rolled out.  
I am also happy to share that in our effort to make everyone an AI 
practitioner, we just established a global benchmark in our recently 
concluded Global annual format of tcsAI Hackathon. We saw over 
281,000+ TCSers participating in this hackathon submitting over 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 9 of 36 
 
half a million entries which includes both ideas as well as solution 
base. As we share this with our customers we are hearing 
encouraging response in replicating similar culture change within 
their organization and are keen to work with us to innovate with AI. 
The second initiative as part of the internal transformation is 
‘Building AI first solution’. As part of this we are looking at our 
internal functions like finance, HR, legal and all other internal 
functions and our own IT operation including how we support our 
system as well as build system.  One such case in point is HR - we 
have been reimagining how we look at our employee engagements 
with an AI first approach and we are also looking at rolling out a 
learning Co-pilot for every associate. 
Scaling AI: Third aspect of our internal transformation is how do we 
continue to scale these initiatives. We have set up a tcsAI office that 
addresses the three critical foundations of our initiative (a) Scaled 
Agentic AI architecture, (b) Responsible AI use and (c) Platform & 
Partner innovation & IP creation. These foundations are in place and 
continuously evolving within the dynamic ecosystem around us. 
Now let me talk about how we are scaling AI for our customers.  
 
 
Making AI Real for our customers: 
The journey of making AI real and experiential for our customer cuts 
across industry value chain, enterprise platforms and solutions. We 
see this journey starting with Ideating and Innovating leading to 
Building and Scaling with AI. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 10 of 36 
 
• We are taking AI close to customers with AI Innovation Days at 
customer locations, TCS Paceports and India Delivery Centers 
• We are leveraging Rapid Builds as an approach delivering 
business outcomes with AI in matter of weeks 
• We are also helping customers scale AI across their enterprise 
through AI Labs, AI Office and AI Platforms. 
We are also building Agentic AI solutions for business value 
chains in each industry and enterprise functions across all our 
industry verticals. 
Moving on to the third pillar of our strategy, we are transforming 
every service line that we operate in and offer to our customers. 
We are reimagining with a ‘Human + AI’ collaboration solutions 
blueprint.   
This blueprint uses our 5 scale AI Autonomy model to define the 
interplay between our employees and AI agent /systems, as we 
progress towards our North Star ambition for each service line, we 
are defining the art of service possible for what the future can look 
for each of this service line 
Sudeep and Krithi will cover the remaining 2 pillars of our strategy 
later in the call.  
Now, I would like to provide a brief update on Cyber Security. 
As all of us know, global businesses are increasingly experiencing 
cyber-threats. These threats are getting more and more 
sophisticated. We are working closely with our customers to 
safeguard their interests. Recent incidents saw some of TCS’s 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 11 of 36 
 
clients becoming victims to these cyber-attacks resulting in severe 
disruptions to their businesses. 
I would like to clarify that there has been no compromise of TCS 
systems, nor any impact to other customers in all these 
incidents. Investigations for these incidents are being managed 
directly by the customers respectively, and TCS is playing a 
significant role in supporting the customers in their recovery efforts. 
These efforts have been positively acknowledged by our customers. 
I would now like to invite Sudeep. 
Sudeep Kunnumal: Thank you, Aarthi. Good evening, all of you.  
In Quarter 2, we announced a wage hike for over 80% of our 
workforce with effect from September 1st. Our Quarterly Variable 
Allowance (QVA) was higher than the last quarter, reflecting our 
commitment to rewarding employees for their contributions. TCS 
has always been first in announcing wage hikes across cycles. 
The IT services industry is rapidly changing with new technologies 
like GenAI, shifts in operating models, and changing client 
expectations. This is a great opportunity for TCS to reposition itself 
and become future-ready. As Krithi outlined, we have embarked on 
our journey to become the world’s largest AI-led technology 
services Company. Building a future-ready talent model is a 
critical and core element of our approach.  
Towards this, we are making efforts across four fronts: 
• Creating personalized learning pathways using Artificial 
Intelligence for our employees. We are also working with 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 12 of 36 
 
academia to introduce skills required for next-generation 
technologies, and human-AI collaboration. 
• Acquiring top talent from industry for cutting edge skills and 
capabilities. 
• Hiring diverse skills locally across geographies. We have 
perfected this model in Latin America and have large local 
workforces in all key geographies including the US, UK and 
Europe, which we will continue to expand.  
• We have released 1% of our workforce, mainly mid and senior 
level with skill and capability mismatch. We are providing the 
impacted 
employees 
with 
benefits, 
counselling, 
and 
outplacement support for their transition, as well as severance 
at terms higher than industry standards. 
• Additionally, there has been involuntary attrition as part of 
regular ongoing efforts pertaining to performance and bench 
policies. With the new hires, the releases, and attrition 
(voluntary and involuntary), TCS’ global workforce at the close of 
Q2FY26 stands at 593,314.  
Finally, on H1B, we have significantly localized our workforce in the 
US. Just about ~ 500 associates have travelled to the US in this 
financial year on H-1B. We believe our business model will be able 
to adapt quickly to any changes in immigration policy. 
In Q2, we provided ₹1,135 crore towards severance. The severance 
package is much better than industry standards. We have 
approached this whole exercise with empathy and care.  
We are on a journey to build a stronger future for our associates, 
clients, and all other stakeholders. We will continue to nurture our 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 13 of 36 
 
employees and recruit future relevant skills required for our growth 
across all markets. We will continue to be a net job creator. 
Lastly, we continue to be benchmarked with the best employers 
globally for our workplace practices and policies. In Q2, we won 
more than 23 awards globally across various aspects of HR value 
chain, including our work towards gender equity.  
I will now like to invite Krithi. 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Sudeep.  
Earlier in the call, I had articulated the 5-pillar strategy to become 
the world’s largest AI-led technology services company. Aarthi 
spoke about our internal transformation - tcsAI and also how we are 
reimagining all service lines and making AI real for our customers. 
Sudeep spoke about the future ready talent model.  
Moving on to the fifth pillar of our strategy, we will be significant 
player in the AI Ecosystem, towards this, 
• We have built strong partnerships with deep tech 
companies, hyperscalers, niche startups, amongst others.  
• We are deepening our participation in the AI ecosystem by 
expanding into adjacencies. We are creating a world class AI 
Infrastructure for all stakeholders including enterprises, 
hyperscalers and sovereign requirements.  
• Earlier this year we announced the launch of TCS 
SovereignSecure™ Cloud. We are seeing very good traction 
for the same in our client base in India.  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 14 of 36 
 
• In partnership with IBM and Government of Andhra Pradesh, 
we are deploying India’s largest Quantum computer in the 
country’s first Quantum Valley Tech Park. 
• We have formed strong 360-degree partnerships with all 
major technology players including all the hyperscalers, 
GenAI players, cybersecurity product companies, enterprise 
product companies, and specialist AI-solution providers. 
• Today our Board approved creation of a TCS Subsidiary that 
will focus on building a Sovereign AI datacenter with a 
capacity of up to 1 Giga Watt.  
We have stepped up our efforts in pursuing acquisitions to enhance 
our capabilities including high end services, intellectual property, 
and market presence. 
We have just announced acquisition of ListEngage, a leader in 
marketing tech and Salesforce. 
Our journey to becoming an AI-led organisation is anchored in bold 
transformation—from talent and infrastructure to customer value 
and ecosystem partnerships. With this objective, TCS is poised not 
only to lead the AI revolution but to shape a future where technology 
and human ingenuity together create lasting impact for all. We are 
confident that staying true to our values will lead us to sustainable 
long-term growth with superior profitability. 
I'll now open the line for questions.  
 
I'll now open the line for questions. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 15 of 36 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take our first question from the line of 
Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Hi. Thank you so much. So, Krithi, couple of questions. Firstly, the 
heightened investments in AI are a very welcome change. My 
question was, can you provide a little more clarity on the capex 
required? Because 1 gigawatt seems to be a very, very big 
investment.  
I mean global references are almost $20 billion of investment. So, 
what is the time period? what is the kind of capex? And you said it is 
sovereign. So, what does it mean in terms of clientele? Would you 
be selling into your traditional clients or mostly in India? So, a little 
more clarity would be very helpful. 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Yogesh, from a capex perspective, while we have set a target of 1 
gigawatt, we will be doing it in phases. We expect to achieve 1 
gigawatt over a period of five to seven years. And our calculation 
roughly is about every 150-megawatt will require a capex of about 
$1 billion. It's not that we are going to put all the money in year one. 
And we also clarified that this would be a combination of equity and 
debt, and we'll also bring in finance partners for the equity. So 
maybe if you require more color, Samir can provide on that.  
 
The reason that we are saying sovereign cloud is it's going to be 
established in all centers in India. We are expecting all data and 
compute to be hosted in India and not leave the shores of India. 
That's the reason we are saying sovereign data center.  
 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 16 of 36 
 
Just to provide more information. Our current objective is to provide 
all passive components. The client whosoever is occupying, they 
will bring in their compute and storage.  
 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Great. Thank you. 
 
K Krithivasan: 
And secondly hoping to sell this to the pure-play AI providers, the 
deep tech companies and the hyperscalers and to a great extent the 
government needs in India and the Indian enterprises or the 
expected participants here. 
 
Yogesh Aggarwal: Thank you. Secondly, on the growth, you said the demand 
environment hasn't changed and the macro uncertainties are the 
key reason. While the quarter has been a little bit of a beat, the 
current growth rates have not been impacted by deflation on SDLC 
by AI, you think that's not a factor. Is it all macro? 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Yogesh, we had better growth compared to Q1. And as I said, 
macros have not changed much. But our deep engagements with 
our clients and the AI solutions, the rapid builds that we take to our 
clients. All of us give us confidence that we will be able to sustain 
the growth momentum or improve the growth momentum 
compared to H1. Otherwise, there's no major change in the demand 
environment. 
 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Very well, thank you. 
 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 17 of 36 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Sudheer 
Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra AMC. Please go ahead. 
 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Hi Krithi. Thanks for the opportunity. And a follow-up to what 
Yogesh has asked. So, on this AI data center move, currently, do we 
have any tie ups with any of the, let's say, large consortium players 
like a Stargate or any of the deep tech players, either for bringing in 
more equity investments or for being our tenants once this is set up 
in the steady state? And any broad indications on the revenue per 
megawatt you're looking at and the EBITDA margins and the IRR’s 
you are expecting on this data center investment? 
 
Samir Seksaria:       Sudheer, in terms of both, one, Krithi talked about finance partners, 
we are speaking to multiple partners, and we'll finalize in terms of 
combination, it could be one or more coming in. Also in terms of 
customers, as we called out, it would be hyperscalers, India 
enterprises, government, and we look at in terms of overall 
partnership.  
In terms of metrics, too early to call out, we have just set up the 
subsidiary. It would be about 18 to 24 months, when the first 
revenue starts kicking in at the appropriate time, we'll start calling 
out the metrics as well. 
 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Fair enough, sir. And just to get to understand the operating model 
right. Did you say that we will provide it on a cloud service provider 
basis or a co-location basis or just on a managed services basis? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
On a co-location basis. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 18 of 36 
 
 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Okay. It will be on a co-location basis. Okay sir, thank you and all 
the very best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from 
JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankur Rudra: 
Thank you. I just wanted to understand this AI transformation you're 
doing. What does it entail in terms of existing client engagements? 
Do you have a sense of potential productivity gains or any kind of 
change in scope from a deflation or inflation perspective on your 
existing services as you transform? 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Ankur, this whole our belief and confidence in becoming the largest 
AI-led services company is based on the strength of the existing 
client relationships. And the partnerships that we are building with 
all the players in this ecosystem. And we expect every project that 
we do will be AI led.  
So, which means that we'll be offering speed, we'll be offering  
flexibility and there could be productivity gains also in these 
projects, but we'll also be doing projects that could not have been 
done without AI in the past.  
So, our expectation is overall scope of engagement or size of 
engagements would definitely increase. But there would be 
productivity benefits that the clients would get in the individual 
projects. And we also will get some productivity benefits from doing 
these projects because we'll be leveraging AI. 
 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 19 of 36 
 
Ankur Rudra: 
I just want to clarify a couple of things. One, was there any headwind 
on the client this quarter, which had a cybersecurity incident in 
terms of your revenues and margins? And, the second clarification 
was if the redundancy charge, we took this time, given 1% was 
impacted. Should we expect something similar in future quarters 
also? 
 
K Krithivasan: 
No. First on the headwind, Ankur, the only headwind was because 
of the nature of the outages they had, we could not start some of the 
projects that we were planning to start, that was the headwind. 
Otherwise, there was no other significant headwind because we are 
working very closely with the customer in helping them recover the 
overall operations. 
 
The second question on the charges we had taken as severance. As 
we explained before, we would be continuing this exercise 
throughout the year. We are not chasing a particular number here, 
but we will continue to do this throughout the year.  
Whenever we are paying any severance, we'll take that charge 
appropriately in the next two quarters.  I cannot quantify what the 
number would be at this time. 
 
Ankur Rudra:  
Appreciate it. Thank you and best of luck. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from 
Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 20 of 36 
 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you. Congrats on a very broad-based growth. If I look at the 
data centre investment, again, what really prompted this? Is this 
very unlike, I'd say, approach so far of being asset light. 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Yes. Ravi, we've been looking at opportunities to expand our play in 
the overall AI ecosystem. We’ve been working with many of them as 
solution providers, solution integrators, or leveraging the cloud. 
Now in the past, if you look at, we also wanted to expand the 
footprint in India, leveraging the participation we have with all these 
partners. 
As you know, some time ago we've also been in private cloud to a 
limited extent in the past. And then we announced recently the 
Secure Sovereign Cloud for India requirement. We also announced 
participation in the Quantum program with the Andhra Pradesh 
Government.  
We looked at this as an important adjacency that we should enter. 
And with that in mind, and to also strengthen our partnership and 
relationship with the hyperscalers and the deep tech by doing this. 
All this put together, we thought, and of course, the most important 
thing is our calculation of unmet demand; that's going to be in the 
data center space.  
Our calculation shows that we have only 1.2 gigawatt of capacity in 
the country. And in the next five to six years, the demand can go up 
by almost 10 times, whereas the committed capacity is only about 
5 to 6 gigawatts.  
So that is going to leave so much unmet demand. So, with all these 
things put together, we thought it's a good opportunity for us. And 
another point is it also guarantees stable annuity revenue as well. 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 21 of 36 
 
 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks for a detailed explanation. Second question on the 
productivity improvements that you're seeing in AI. I got it. So, if I 
understand correctly, the primary benefit of GenAI is the application 
development from scratch, right? And that's a relatively actually a 
small part of the overall market that we play in because what we do 
is primarily IT outsourcing, which is application maintenance and 
infrastructure maintenance, things like that, right?  
So would that be right that those activities we already have Level 1 
support more or less automated. So on the existing book of 
business, how should we think about the impact of AI? 
 
Aarthi Subramanian: Ravi, when you look at the existing book of business, when you look 
at our application support services or our infra services, they are 
increasingly becoming AI led. When you look at how we deliver 
these services, we see significant opportunities to drive productivity 
benefits and drive the quality of the service delivery with AI.  
 
So that's where the imagination is happening. And the initial 
productivity savings are starting to be seen, and as we increase the 
level of autonomy as we understand these technologies better, we 
should be looking at further productivity benefits.  
 
Then the second portfolio, which is significantly, again, aided by AI, 
is our software engineering life cycle. Again, starting to see good 
benefits coming in, but then there is an evolution, right? You start 
with single digits, 10% to 15% productivity, then there's an evolution 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 22 of 36 
 
to reach 20%-25%, but that's a journey to achieve a higher level of 
autonomy, and that's what we are driving.  
 
The third area where we are seeing significant, I would say, 
opportunity is around AI-powered modernization. As you would 
appreciate, many of our customers globally have a lot of technology 
debt that they have carried over the years. 
GenAI and Agentic AI are powerful tools to really address the tech 
debt. You can use these AI, GenAI to understand the legacy code 
and forward engineer and deliver the new code. So, modernization 
with AI is a huge opportunity, and we are seeing significant uptick 
across customers, but I would say right now significantly in BFSI. 
And we expect to replicate this across other verticals. 
 
Ravi Menon: 
And if I recall right, you already announced a North American bank 
that's doing a complete mainframe organization using AI right now? 
 
Aarthi Subramanian: Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Gaurav 
Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
 
Gaurav Rateria: 
My first question is about the investment in the new subsidiary on 
data center. Should we look at this investment as a standalone new 
business you need for providing co-location services or should we 
think about having a very thick synergy with your existing portfolio of 
services using this asset intensive business to build some services 
on top of it? 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 23 of 36 
 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
The business itself, we'll be keeping it separate. It will have separate 
management bandwidth. We are in the process of putting in an 
entirely separate team outside of TCS for this, but it will have 
adjacencies with TCS. 
It's a natural extension in terms of what partnerships we are looking 
at creating with hyperscalers, what services we want to provide to 
our customers, and this nicely fits in as an adjacency. 
 
Aarthi Subramanian: And if I may just add to what Samir said, Gaurav, if you look at the 
entire AI stack, starting from infrastructure as the starting layer, all 
the way up to the apps and the agentic apps at the most   layer, this 
gives us the coverage across the AI technology stack. 
 
Gaurav Rateria: 
My second question is the interplay between humans and AI that 
you talked about. How is it going to change the delivery model and 
the billing models? Do you think that will incrementally move away 
from effort-based business models to outcome-based business 
models?  Is that how the business should evolve, and there should 
be more nonlinearity in the business going forward? 
 
Aarthi Subramanian: I think that is the direction in which the model is going to evolve. 
These are initial days, but we are starting to make commitments on 
outcome-based projects with the select customers. And there are 
learnings, and this is a model that we see increasingly evolving and 
becoming more mainstream with customers. 
 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 24 of 36 
 
Gaurav Rateria: 
My last question is whether we should evaluate, or should we 
consider this new adjacency as a completely different business 
with respect to the return ratio profile given that right now, we are 
very asset-light business and having a very different return ratio 
profile. Just trying to understand how we should think from a 
medium-term perspective of the company? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
 As we said, this is an investment which will have partners coming 
in. From a profitability perspective, I don't think at an overall TCS 
level, it will not be margin dilutive. Return ratios, also given the 
overall size expected over the years, should not have a significant 
impact. Our ROEs are currently over 50%. So, we still expect it to be 
benchmarked. 
 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Surendra Goyal from 
Citi. Please go ahead. 
 
Surendra Goyal:    In your prepared remarks, you said that FY '26 growth in international 
business will be better than FY '25. So just wanted to clarify if this is 
in constant currency terms, USD terms? And could you also tell us 
what the comparable growth in FY '25 was? 
Samir Seksaria: 
It was about 70 basis points, and it is in constant currency terms. 
 
Surendra Goyal: 
So constant currency basis, 70 basis points and this year will be 
better than 70 basis points. Understood. The second question is 
with the release of 1% of the workforce; the headcount declined by 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 25 of 36 
 
20,000 people, or 3%. And then what you had announced earlier 
was 2%. So, should we expect a similar kind of head count 
reduction in the next quarter as well? 
 
Sudeep Kunnumal: The 20,000 net head count decline is a factor of voluntary and 
involuntary attrition. So, you should consider all of that. But as we 
announced again the 2 percent, we are midway, so we have done 
approximately 1 percent of it. 
 
And like what Krithi just mentioned, we don't have a target. We are 
not chasing a target. We'll continue to evaluate everyone after all 
the investment in learning and development that we've done, where 
we find certain mid and senior level people are not able to find the 
right role based on their seniority. Those are the ones that we will 
release with a lot of care. 
 
Surendra Goyal: 
So just to clarify, there will be no involuntary attrition beyond the 1% 
number. Is that understanding, correct? 
 
Sudeep Kunnumal: No, I didn't say that. We estimate it to be approximately 2%. We are 
currently at 1%, and we will continue to evaluate people whom we 
can redeploy. The ones we are not able to re-deploy; those are the 
people that we will release. 
 
Surendra Goyal: 
One last question, Krithi, Aarthi, I think, in terms of the data center 
business, I think there are a lot of businesses which are synergistic 
to AI if we take such a broad view of things. So, is there clarity in 
terms of that, okay, what other areas could we possibly invest in? 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 26 of 36 
 
 
K Krithivasan: 
We've been evaluating multiple opportunities. As I said, this one 
looked more attractive to us based on the discussion that we've 
been having with the potential buyers, the demand commitment we 
could get, the kind of revenue profile, the committed annuity 
revenue profile it has and the potential unmet demand we'll have in 
India, all combined look most attractive for us to start with. But we'll 
continue to explore if there are other adjacencies that come up, 
we'll explore. 
 
Surendra Goyal: 
And Samir, just one clarification on ROE of this new business. What 
is the expected ROE versus your current ROE of 50% plus, as you 
highlighted earlier? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
The ROE of this new business, as you all rightly identified, that's 
capital-intensive and will be low. What I'm saying is, overall TCS ROE 
will remain market benchmarked. 
 
Surendra Goyal: 
Understood. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Kumar 
Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. My first question was for 
clarification. So, the statement which you made is that TCS intends 
to become the world's largest AI-led technology services company. 
How are you defining that as the largest AI-led technology company, 
which metrics you are targeting at? 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 27 of 36 
 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Kumar, based on the discussions that we've been having with 
customers, and Aarthi talked about the internal training we did, 
Hackathon we did, and the number of participations.  
 
So, we believe that in multiple metrics, in terms of the number of 
people participating, the number of projects we'll be doing. All 
combined definitely, we aspire to become the largest.  
If you ask me for one single metric today, I don't have it, to be 
honest. We will be evolving. How do we measure ourselves on a 
year-on-year growth and improve on this, so that's the honest 
answer. But we are confident that we'll be able to have the biggest 
impact that we'll deliver in the industry because of leveraging AI. 
 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Got it. Thank you for that. My second question was on margins. So, 
we have seen sequential improvement now the wage hike is behind 
you, and pyramid rationalization also will start kicking in and going 
by your comment, your second half growth should be better than 
first half. So, for the rest of the year, is it fair to expect the margin 
should continue to see an expansion? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Kumar, as you know, in H1, we have improved 100 basis points. We 
will continue our journey towards our aspirational band of getting 
closer to 26%. But the puts and takes on it have been in terms of the 
implications which you called out. 
The wage hike was in Q2 for 1 month; it will be for the full quarter 
next quarter. Also, in terms of the investments which we have called 
out would have an impact we have been investing, and this would 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 28 of 36 
 
have increased investment requirements. Irrespective of it, we 
would want to inch closer to 26%. 
 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Great. Thanks a lot for that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan 
from Investec. Please go ahead. 
 
Nitin Padmanbhan: Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. Just a couple of 
questions. So, one is in the last quarter on the deal, well we have 
had very good deals on a consistent basis. You had alluded to three 
points that were not leading to better revenue conversion. One of 
them being projects starting at a lower pace and the other one being 
some projects being paused. How is that sort of evolving at the 
moment? 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Nitin, at that point like we probably as I was alluding to, I would say, 
much improved situation. The number of deferrals or projects 
getting paused has been reduced compared to last quarter. 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure. So incrementally, we should see better accretion. At least 
growth should be in the positive territory here on and you have 
alluded to that? 
 
K Krithivasan: 
That is our hope. 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Correct. Any incremental update on, let's say, BFSI or consumer 
business and Europe, I think last quarter you were a little tepid from 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 29 of 36 
 
a commentary on those three. So just wanted to have thoughts 
there? 
 
K Krithivasan: 
See, if you look at the growth momentum, all of them have 
improved. BFSI continues to grow globally, particularly BFSI North 
America has done well. And similarly, if you look at Europe, it has 
done well compared to last quarter.  
And then even if you take Consumer Business, the degrowth has 
been largely arrested. And so overall we expect most of the industry 
segments to bend the curve subject to seasonality of Q3, but they'll 
be getting into growth momentum. Of course, the Q3 seasonality 
would be in play. 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: On the data center capex, maybe roughly based on what you said, 
it's maybe around $6.5 billion over a 7-year period. From a cadence 
perspective, how should we think about it with the early part of the 
7 years versus the later part? So would the capex be partially by 
partners and partially by us. Just clarification on both? 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Yes, definitely, it will be partially by partners, partly by us. And at this 
time we told you it's about 5 to 7 years for the complete build-out of 
1 gigawatt. Currently, we expect it will be more uniform, but if there 
is an increased demand, if we have to accelerate, we will definitely 
calibrate it at that time, but current planning is that it will be phased 
out uniformly over the 6 years. 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: And just one last one if I may. Any color on the kind of deals in terms 
of sizing? Are you seeing a return of smaller deals or discretionary, 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 30 of 36 
 
any improvements there that you have seen during the quarter or 
directionally? 
 
K Krithivasan: 
No significant improvement, but at the same time, when Aarthi 
spoke, she was mentioning about the number of rapid build projects 
that we are doing. They are smaller in nature, smaller tenure which 
we tend to complete them within a quarter.  
Such projects are increasing in number and we also find more 
modernization projects. Some of them tend to be shorter. While a 
large mainframe modernization will take a long time, some of the 
other modernizations can also be completed in a short time.  
So, such projects are increasing. But overall, if you ask me, is the 
number of short-term projects increasing compared to larger 
projects. There is no significant change. 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Perfect. Thank you so much, Krithi and all the very best. 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from 
JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Hi, good evening. Two quick questions about the cybersecurity 
instance, just wanted to check if the issue has now been resolved 
and the projects you said which couldn't start, have they now 
started resuming?  
 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 31 of 36 
 
Aarthi Subramanian: Yes, I think the recovery process has been completed. And all the 
sales and manufacturing systems are all up, and this happened 
early this week. So, I think we expect the projects to pick-up in the 
coming weeks. 
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Great. That's good to hear. Second, near term especially 3Q, any 
early indication of how furloughs are looking this year compared to 
previous years. Generally, we have seen that in a weak demand 
environment furloughs tend to be longer. Any such signs at this 
stage? 
 
K Krithivasan: 
At this time, we are planning based on the inputs we have, it's likely 
to be similar to last year.  
 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from 
Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Thanks for taking my question. So Krithi, just once again, on the AI 
data center investment. Given that you mentioned that it's going to 
be more like a sovereign data center and given the GDPR regulations 
across the world, is it fair to say that this will have limited synergies 
with our existing clients and most of the clients that we would be 
deploying in this data center will be more of India based and that is 
where we would be looking for any synergies if at all from our current 
sector? 
 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 32 of 36 
 
K Krithivasan:          It's a passive data center. The likely users could be the hyperscalers, 
deep tech who want to do the training, inferencing in India or Indian 
enterprises, they want to leverage it as a private cloud. We are not 
expecting our overseas customers to be hosted, specifically in 
India. It's more like what we are offering for these hyperscalers and 
India-based businesses or deep tech. 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
And you mentioned that we've basically gone ahead with this, as for 
the demand commitments and the annuity commitments. I would 
assume we would already have conversations with. 
 
K Krithivasan: 
I did not say demand commitment. I'm saying that there is a lot of 
unmet demand in the market that led us to getting into this 
business. 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
So, are there any MoUs that we have signed or any early 
connections that we have got into potential clients?  
 
K Krithivasan: 
We are having quite a few conversations with our customers, to 
explore the demand, and we are quite positive about the prospects. 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
One last question from my side. In terms of the revenue this quarter, 
we saw a sharp jump in the sale of equipment and software licenses 
revenue. Almost more than half of the incremental revenue in this 
quarter came from that. Is it just a quarterly specific thing? Or do 
you think there could be a trend going forward as well? 
 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 33 of 36 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
The increase of the equipment and software expenses this quarter 
has been about ₹250 crores. BSNL this quarter has remained flat. 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
I mean it's expected to remain in the same range as it has been? 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
We have Q3 seasonality, which you'd typically see. Other than that, 
we don’t expect to see any material change, unless we get the BSNL 
PO later. 
 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Thank you so much for taking my question. I wish you all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Rishi 
Jhunjhunwala from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, just harping a little bit more on 
that AI investment, a couple of reasons that you provide was that 
the demand in this space is very high and provides a new stream of 
annuity revenues. But outside of that, does it put us in any kind of 
disadvantage versus our peers, if we are not doing this investment 
or does it put us at an advantage versus other peers on the global 
revenues that we earn here?  
If that is not the case, then I mean if you look at the overall 
technology spending landscape, then there would be a lot of 
pockets around software and solutions, where those kinds of 
investments probably would have been more synergistic to us. 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Rishi, there are definitely a number of places where we can invest. 
We took this place because it creates a synergy with our existing 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 34 of 36 
 
relation with hyperscalers, who also happen to be our large clients 
as well, large GTM partners as well. And we also have deep 
relationships with all the AI native companies, who could 
potentially be using it for their India requirement. 
So, we believe that there will be a natural synergy that will be 
created. As I said, we want to play in this ecosystem strongly. 
 
K Krithivasan: 
And, it gives another group synergy as well. If you look at the Tata 
Group companies are in the power, real estate, project 
management business. 
 
Aarthi Subramanian: Tata Communication 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Tata Communication. So there is a different kind of synergy we can 
build in here. But from a client perspective, we believe the strong 
collaboration can be derived of this one. 
 
Aarthi Subramanian: And the Tata Group synergy, we see this as a very unique Tata 
advantage. 
 
Rishi Jhunhunwala: Understood. And the second question is, I think in the opening 
remarks, you hinted that while we have done this one acquisition, 
there seems to be some focus around trying do more acquisitions 
as well. I guess this is something we've done after almost 10 years, 
so should we assume that our acquisition intensity may also 
potentially go up in the coming years? And how does that change 
our capital payout policy, if at all? 
 

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 35 of 36 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Yes. We are very actively looking at more opportunities for 
acquisitions. And capital payout policy, currently; the stated policy 
continues to be to return 80% to 100%. 
 
Samir Seksaria: 
Of substantial free cash flows and that is after all investments. 
 
K Krithivasan: 
But so, but if we end up making a huge acquisition that impact our 
ability to do a cash flow, we will be upfront about it. 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Understood. All right, thank you sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as a last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to management for closing 
comments. Over to you. 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, operator.  
• In Q2 FY26, our Revenue grew 0.8% sequentially in constant 
currency, with an operating margin of 25.2% and a net margin of 
19.6%. We saw good growth momentum across most verticals, 
service lines and geographies this quarter.  
• International business fuelled growth, along with India and 
emerging markets performing well. 
• Our TCV was robust, at $10 billion in Q2, which grew 16% YoY, 
including a mega deal win, using AI-enabled differentiated 
solutions.  
• We reiterate our outlook for FY26 International Revenue growth 
being better than last year. 
• TCS will continue to be a key jobs provider in the industry.  

Tata Consultancy Services Earnings Conference Call 
October 09, 2025,19:00 hrs IST (09:30 hrs US ET) 
 
Page 36 of 36 
 
• We want to become the the world’s largest AI-led technology 
services Company, enabling Business, Government and 
Society.  
With that, we wrap up our call today. Thank you all for joining us and 
wish you and your families a very happy festive season ahead.  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of TCS, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim 
record of the proceedings. 
