                                                     ASTRA MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
Regd. Office: ASTRA Towers, Survey No. 12(P), Kothaguda Post, 
Kondapur, HITEC City, Hyderabad - 500084, Telangana, INDIA  
Tel:+91-40-46618000, 46618001. Fax:+91-40-46618048 
Email:mktg@astramwp.com,website:www.astramwp.com 
CIN: L29309TG1991PLC013203 
 
An ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001 and ISO 27001 Certified Company 
Works:  
Unit 1: Plot No. 12, ANRICH Industrial Estate, Bollaram, Medak  Dist., Telangana – 502325 
Unit 2: Plot No. 56A, ANRICH Industrial  Estate,  Bollaram, Medak Dist., Telangana - 502325 
Unit 3: Sy. No. 1/1, lmarath Kancha, Raviryala (V), Maheshwaram (Mdl) R.R.Dist., Telangana - 500005 
Unit 4: Sy. No. 1/1, Plot No. 18 to 21, lmarath Kancha, Hardware Park, Raviryala (V), Maheswaram (M), R.R.Dist, Telangana – 500005 
Unit 7:  Sy. No.114/1, Plot No. S-2/9 & 10, E-City, Raviryala & Srinagar (V), Maheswaram (M), R.R.District, Telangana - 501359 
R&D Centre: Plot No. 51(P), Bangalore Aerospace Park, Singanahalli Village, Budigere Post, Bangalore North Taluk, Karnataka - 562149 
   
November 19, 2025 
 
To 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Relations 
BSE Limited 
Sir Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai -400 001 
Scrip code: 532493 
 
 
To 
The Vice President,  
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip code: ASTRAMICRO 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Conference call transcript. 
 
We are sending herewith Conference call transcript held with analysts on 13th November, 2025.  
 
The above information is also made available on the Company’s website www.astramwp.com. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
T. Anjaneyulu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
THALLAPALLI 
ANJANEYULU
Digitally signed by 
THALLAPALLI 
ANJANEYULU 
Date: 2025.11.19 
17:33:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Astra Microwave Products Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
 
E&OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on November 13, 2025, will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. G. REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ASTRA 
MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
DR. M.V. REDDY – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ASTRA MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
MR. ATIM KABRA – DIRECTOR, STRATEGY AND 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – ASTRA MICROWAVE 
PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Astra Microwave Products Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not guarantee of future performance and involves risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. S. G. Reddy, Managing Director of Astra Microwave 
Products Limited. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Thank you, and good evening to everyone. A warm welcome to all the participants joining the 
post results earnings call of our company. I'm joined today by my colleagues, M.V. Reddy, Joint 
Managing Director; and Mr. Atim Kabra, Director, Strategy and Business Development; and 
representatives from SGA, our Investor Relations advisors. The results and investor presentation 
for Q2 and H1 FY '26 have been uploaded on our company website and stock exchanges. I hope 
you had the opportunity to go through them. 
 
In terms of the business and the financial performance, I am pleased to report that we have 
delivered a strong performance for this quarter, with improved margin supported by a favorable 
revenue mix. We are gradually and strategically transitioning from primarily supplying 
subsystems and components to delivering complete systems and integrated solutions. 
 
In terms of actual performance for Q2 FY '26, standalone revenue stood at INR213 crores with 
EBITDA of INR46 crores, reflecting a healthy margin expansion to 21.7% and a profit after tax 
of INR21 crores. 
On a half yearly standalone basis, the revenue was INR410 crores, up 7.2% year-on-year. 
EBITDA stood at INR85 crores with a margin of 20.6%, while the PAT grew by 13.5% year-
on-year. These results underscore the strength and the resilience of our core operations. 
 
Major product deliveries during the quarter included modules for Ashlesha and Rohini radars, 
3D-CAR prime, FLR, MPR, HMR, SDR and several others. In terms of order book and business 
outlook, our standalone order book stood at INR1,916 crores as of 30 September, 2025. 
And on a consolidated basis, it is at INR2,209 crores, providing strong visibility for the coming 
quarters. The order book continues to be predominantly domestic, particularly in the defense 
sector. Since most of the domestic business is build-to-spec driven, profit margins remain strong. 
 
A key highlight during the period was securing a major order for refurbishment of entire 
Electronics for long-range radar. Successful execution of this project is expected to open doors 
for many more such opportunities. We have also completed several price negotiation committees 
and participated in good number of RFPs with strong winning potential, giving us confidence to 
achieve our year-end order booking targets.  

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
We have also seen a notable improvement in the operating cash flows during the first half of the 
year, and we expect this positive trend to continue. On the product development front, we 
continue to make progress in AESA Virupaksha and Uttam radars. As far as the joint venture is 
concerned, our ARC continues to perform well. 
The backpack SDRs for The Indian Army developed by the company on NCNC model is waiting 
for final technical approval. In the meantime, ARC continues to deliver Software Defined Radios 
for The Indian Air Force and has received initial orders for maintenance of electro-optic 
products, a new product line adopted by the company very recently. 
 
It has also secured INR286 crores order from The Ministry of Defense for supplying advanced 
communication systems to The Indian Air Force Special Forces very recently. It is expected to 
do about INR41 million sales for the year and expected to have an order book of close to $100 
million by the end of the year. 
 
In terms of technical achievements, we are proud of our recent achievements that highlight 
Astra's technological leadership. We have been engaged with the India's space program for the 
last 25 years and have contributed to several landmark missions, including the recent ISRO's 
CMS-03 satellite, India's heaviest communication satellite, through the supply of advanced RF 
and microwave subsystems such as C-band 15-watt SSPA and the Ku-band receiver and 
converter. 
 
In terms of industry outlook, India's 15-year defense road map envisions a future-ready, self-
reliant and technology-led military by 2040, emphasizing indigenization, innovation and 
integration across land, sea, air, space and cyber domains. The recently approved procurement 
proposals worth INR79,000 crores mark a significant step towards accelerated capability 
building and a deeper participation from the Indian defense industry companies. 
This vision also aligns with India's goal of becoming a global defense exporter, paving the way 
for greater opportunities for the private players like Astra Microwave. In the long-term, Astra is 
well positioned to capitalize on these developments, continue delivering cutting-edge products, 
and expand its capabilities and contribute meaningfully to India's defense and space again. 
 
With these remarks, now I hand over to Dr. M.V. Reddy, Joint MD and Atim Kabra later on, 
who will give more insight into new product development, business outlook in the near and long 
term, and the strategies adopted to take the company to the next level of growth cycle. Over to 
M.V. Reddy. 
Dr. M. V. Reddy: 
Thank you, S.G.R. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. The overall performance of the 
company in the first half of the FY '26 is in line with the expectation, and we are well positioned 
to do much better in the second half, both in terms of order inflow and sales. 
 
We would like to share a few key achievements and business update of this quarter. With regards 
to the standalone order book, we are at INR1,916 crores as on 30 September and concluded 
negotiations for INR400 crores plus orders, which are expected to book in Q3. We plan to book 
INR600 crores plus worth of orders in Q4. In the last quarter, majority of the orders we booked 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
are in the radar and EW segment, including strategically very important orders, as Mr. SGR 
mentioned, for the growth of our organization. 
 
I'm also happy to share that we have emerged very successful bidder in most competitive project 
of EW suite for Su-30 as a lead system integrator. On the execution front, we are almost at par 
with our sales target, though we are facing few challenges to complete a couple of space projects. 
Our JVC, ARC has picked up well and expected to book approximately $100 million to $120 
million worth of orders by end of FY '26. With regard to sales also, ARC is in line with the 
guidance given and expected to book sales of $42 million in the current year. 
We reiterate to mention that with a strong order inflow, healthy prospects and strengthened 
technological capabilities, we have a clear visibility of delivering consistent growth and creating 
long-term value for our stakeholders. 
Our focus remains on executing existing strategic important and critical orders efficiently while 
leveraging new opportunity in defense, aerospace, satellite and metallurgy market segments. 
That's all from my side. 
I would like to be happy to answer your questions. Now, I'll hand over to Mr. Atim Kabra, 
Director, Strategy and Business Development. Over to you, Mr. Atim. 
Atim Kabra: 
Yes. Thanks, M.V. Thanks, S.G. Good afternoon, friends, and welcome to our quarterly outlook 
meet. This time, I want to address two broad themes in my presentation today. One, I would like 
to draw your attention to the reality of product development and cycles and the time it takes to 
create products and hence, the moat in the business which arises. And second, I would like to 
give you a sense of our growth plans and the number outlook for the next 3 years, 4 years, 5 
years or so. And that's for the first time that we'll be doing so. 
 
Basically, capabilities in the new modes of warfare will be tech-driven. And as you know, tech 
curve is steep with a very short shelf life. So the questions which arise are manifold. Will 
electronic warfare limit the ability to penetrate enemy skies? Will slow-moving aircraft, 
helicopters stand a fighting chance against the max speed missiles, which are now the order of 
the day? Or will a fight to strike enemy locations with precision over long distances shall turn 
the tide of the war? 
Will infantry stand a fighting chance against drones? And these drones will be maneuvered over 
long distances by drone pilots sitting across remote locations and so on. But if you really think 
about it, all of these scenarios are compelling. And the new rules that are being called in for 
writing the manuals of warfare are new for everybody. 
But one thing is clear. The ability to detect threats ahead of time using radars will be critical. 
Similarly, offensive capabilities will be built around radars and seekers, forming into targets 
with agility and precision. And Astra is proud to be operating in all these critical segments. 
As you know and as we stressed big time and explained in detail the last time we spoke, that we 
are a very well-diversified company operating in the areas of radar, missile systems, electronic 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
warfare, space, chip design, weather, metrology, communication systems, etcetera, etcetera. And 
when we speak of radars, they are both airborne, shipborne and ground-based. So, we are a 
platform company operating in the entire segment of electronic warfare, if I may say so. 
 
Our scientists have proven that systems which have been developed over the years have worked 
well and self-reliance and self-sufficiency has gained much currency. Expectations accordingly 
have risen sky highs, but we will churn out globally competitive new warfare-based solutions 
and products in no time. But reality, if I was to stress, is a slightly different scenario.  
Products, they take time to be designed, built, tested and they require serious multi-year tests 
before they can be given the green light to be produced in mass numbers, which can create high-
sales volumes and profits for the creators. So, they have seen companies talking about 10-year 
horizons in which their sales will take off, etcetera, etcetera, and they will become platform 
companies. 
 
So when we require tests across multiple user trials across different conditions and creating 
products that require coordination and supply chain linkages amongst various components, 
subcomponent suppliers, these are typically multi-year efforts. Their core capabilities get 
morphed into products and solutions using parts, which are produced in-house are core to us and 
then several, which are procured from external vendors and everything morphs into one product. 
 
So, where does Astra fit into the other scenario? As we see it, our revenue base would comprise 
of a traditional supply of subsystems and critical components, with us being part of designated 
supply chains for various products, which have been developed within our country over decades 
by our distinguished clients in the defense PSUs as well as defense labs. This subsystem 
capability, we will layer with complete Astra designed and produced radars and other war gain 
systems and solutions. 
 
Last time I mentioned to you, we are creating three completely Astra radars, which will be in 
the market pretty soon. So while the former provides us a regular sustenance business, which 
highlights our very well diversified and electronic development capabilities, the later solutions 
will enable us to book high-value, high-volume mass business with multi-year production 
contracts. And that, I think, will be the essence. 
 And it has taken us, please remember the 33 long years to cross a revenue of INR1,000 crores, 
which also reflects partly on how the Indian defense industry has developed from scratch. The 
time line is also, if I would say, a reflection of the long development cycles that form the bedrock 
of our nation's defense equipment production and designing capabilities. 
It is going to be a hard and time-consuming exercise, in my opinion, for any new entrant to break 
into this business at scale and in a short period of time. And that is a moat, which long established 
defense sector companies hope to benefit from. We have seen stellar results this now over the 
last few days from Data Patterns, from Paras. But I think it's a fair thing to say that this is a sign 
of times to come. 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
Somebody will come in, in one quarter. Somebody will come in, in the other quarter. But the 
trend is fairly positive over a period of time. But we will all capitalize on the significant market 
for solutions opening up based on the extensive product ranges, which have been created over a 
period of time. 
 
Now as you know, Astra management has always prided itself on its conservative estimates. 
We'll love to meet our guidance, and we put in serious amount of efforts to do so. So, we have 
waited for clarity on our numbers to share our ambitions with you for a long, long time. And as 
you know, we are very crucial partners in multiple platforms, which are going in for production 
now. 
 
I'm talking of QRSAMs, Uttam radars, Virupaksha, Su-30, EW upgrade, which S.G.R just 
mentioned. We are the LSIs over there, Software Defined Radio. And these are the cornerstones 
of our enhanced visibility, which we are very comfortable to share with you now. So what are 
we talking about? 
We are happy to share in our belief that what we accomplished in 33 years, okay? The x turnover, 
which we have achieved in 33 years, we are seeking to build on that foundation, and we have a 
very good chance of doubling our turnover, 2x plus over the next 3 to 4 years. 
 
I think this is very important that for the first time, Astra management is coming out and telling 
you that over the next 3 to 4 years, we will become 2x of our current size. And that lays the 
platform over the next few years thereafter for 3x, and we will talk to you about how. And let 
me be quiet for a second and let that sink in, right? That will be quarter billion dollars on current 
exchange rate that we will exceed. 
 
FY '27 turnover, okay? Before I go into that, I want to highlight about approximately half years 
back, we met investors during our QIP round. And we were very clear that growth will be rear-
ended. And I think we were the only guys talking about a rear-ended growth at that point in time. 
And that speaks for our conservatism. 
We defined at that time around INR8,000-plus crores of business, which we had in sight very 
clearly. And we were very clear also that the first 3 years -- and I'm talking of 2 years, 2.5 years 
back, for the first 3 years, we would be the staging grounds preparing for the execution required 
in the production orders as we just explained or mentioned to you the orders in the key platforms, 
which we shall be executing. 
 
So what are the numbers that we are talking about? I think FY '27 turnover, we shall start seeing 
revenues from QRSAM project. And we hope to close it somewhere around INR1,400 crores, 
INR1,500 crores plus/minus INR50 crores range that particular year. 
That year, we will have -- the year after that, we will have QRSAM-plus revenues starting to 
come in from Uttam radars for Tejas. And we hope to cross, I would say, somewhere around 
INR1,650 crores plus/minus again, INR50 crores in FY '28. 
 
Now that is the year, if you recall, where the QRSAM will start going into full-blown production. 
And of course, our numbers depend on our clients' delivery schedules, okay? FY '29 will reflect 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
revenues from QRSAM plus Uttam radars. And we hope at that point in time, Su-30 upgrades 
shall start to kick in. And that shall bring us to a very nice number very close to INR2,000 crores 
at that point in time. 
And I think the year after that, all these programs that we are talking about, QRSAM, Uttam 
radars, Su-30, EW Suite, Virupaksha, okay, they will be in full-blown production. So, FY '30 
should see us somewhere around INR2,250 crores to INR2,500 crores range. And please, 
whenever you look at these numbers, remember that we are talking 3 to 4 years, and we are just 
about INR1,051 crores last year, okay? 
 
So, we are focusing on our production lines from now. This is as promising a future as it can be. 
Whether it takes 3 years, 3.5 years or 4 years, I cannot cast it in stone, but it is a great business 
outlook. I always believe there is -- time is our only major variable amongst many, that is 
unclear. 
And here, time is the only factor, which depends on the clients. So, we are fixing our production 
lines. A new building is being constructed to take care of these requirements. And we are 
beginning to focus on Astra-branded products and solutions, which I will speak more about the 
next time. But let me not stop here on the quarter billion dollars plus projections. 
 
We are talking now very seriously planning and deliberating, in due earnest, on multi-pronged 
strategies to jump at least four-fold from the quarter billion dollars to $1 billion company. Astra 
will be a $1 billion company. I cannot put a time line on to that. But if you can see the scale at 
which we are growing up, you can very well be confident that we will get there. 
If Astra is going to be a $1 billion company, we believe that it is a very achievable target given 
the capabilities that exist in our company, which we intend building on further and deliver a 
world-class $1 billion company over a period of time, which is based on capitalizing on our nuts 
and bolts to a multiple platform strategy vision, backed by capabilities of an amazing team with 
multi-faceted talents. 
 
We have spoken about this earlier. And I think I'll stop, take a breather, answer a lot of questions, 
I'm sure which you will have as we move forward. But that's the broad vision. We will create a 
2x in the next 3 to 4 years, 3x soon thereafter. And we are focusing on $1 billion target, becoming 
a $1 billion revenue company over a period of time. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead.  
Amit Dixit: 
Thanks for the opportunity and sharing the medium-term/long-term vision for Astra. A couple 
of questions from my side. The vision that we talked about actually is more domestic focused. 
But what we are seeing now is a lot of defense surge -- spending surge in Europe. And with our 
branded product solutions, what kind of strategy we have to penetrate these export markets with 
the kind of products we have, particularly now some of these like Uttam radars, EW Suite for 
Su-30, these are fairly proven. So just wanted to get a little bit of flavor on export strategy. That 
is the first question. 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
The second question I have is on the working capital side. As Mr. Reddy said in his opening 
remarks that it is very, very evident also that receivables have been unlocked. So, what kind of 
working capital days or cash conversion cycle we are looking at end of FY '26? 
Management: 
Let me take the first question -- the first part of the question, then I'm sure SG Reddy will address 
the second part. Just 2 hours back, MV Reddy and I had a discussion on our European and NATO 
expansion strategy. We cannot build anything from scratch sitting here, right? We have 
identified one potential partner. 
We don't know if the deal is going to happen or not, okay? But these are guys who have been 
working in that space, etcetera, etcetera. We have multiple ways of collaborating with them. But 
I think collaboration is the way to go forward, wherein not only will they act as our distributors, 
but also our technology partners, sourcing technologies, licensing technologies, etcetera, 
etcetera. 
 
I would hasten to add here that to penetrate overseas markets in any larger context, you require 
complete products. I can't go to somebody and say that I will build an AATRU for you, AAAU 
unit for you, okay? Or I will bring a small subsystem thing. It has to fit in into their overall 
context. 
So if you have to really look at capturing a larger slice of the overall market out there, you need 
solutions which have been tested here, tested somewhere and meet the needs of the market, 
right? So, we are actually -- that will be one of the key cornerstones of our strategy, if I'm 
answering your question. Obviously, I cannot give you any significant details, but that's the 
broad thrust of our thing. 
 
If you think about it, our lead strategy, which we have defined earlier, we are a collaborative 
platform. We are looking -- we don't seek to claim that we have everything or we are 100% in-
house complete platform. 
Platforms and solutions will require skill sets and tech, which we source from others also to 
build up around our core tech and have it tested out for real-time solutions. But that's probably 
one of the quickest ways to go into the market. 
 
I think SG will answer your working capital question. 
Management: 
Yes. Amit, the days are improving primarily because of some of the critical programs we are 
able to close it in the first half of the year. As a result, the long-pending receivables were realized 
and hence, the cash flow position has improved. Going forward also, we see the same trend to 
continue. Therefore, there is a positive thing happening in terms of working capital days. 
But only time will tell whether we are actually able to stand at that number by the end of the 
financial year. But we are very hopeful that the number of days will come down significantly. I 
don't want to put any specific number now. I'm sharing with you the internal developments, 
which I believe will facilitate the improvement of the working capital days. 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ketan Gandhi from Gandhi Securities & 
Investments Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ketan Gandhi: 
Atim, you really indeed made our heart beat stop for a second. It is so overwhelming to 
understand. No, no. I mean it's really fabulous. I had some questions, but I forgot all my 
questions. I'm just thinking what you're going to do in the next couple of years and then another 
couple of years. 
I think what -- as you rightly said, what you have done in the last 30, 33 years, you're going to 
achieve in the next 2, 3, 4 years. And as being a conservative management in terms of the 
guidance and all that. I'm sure you will be able to achieve this. Thank you and all the best, Atim 
and all the team Astra.  
Management: 
Thank you. And I will just add to this. We cud have come up with vision 2 years back and kept 
on speaking about it, right? But we are mentioning this at this point in time because these are 
programs now which are crystal clear in sight, right? So as Astra, we only want to talk about 
what is more or less clear. And I think that's where we are fairly confident of delivering this. 
Ketan Gandhi: 
Sure. That also gives us a lot of confidence that all the -- as you rightly said, all the programs 
are in the pipeline now and it's all established now. So, even I don't feel that why you should not 
be achieving all this what you’ve said. Congratulations, and all the best for the future. Thank 
you team Astra. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikash Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikash Singh: 
Sir, just pertaining to this $1 billion program basically or the target, in terms of capability of the 
capex, in order to achieve there over the next 5 or 6 years, how much of the capabilities are 
already in place? What we need to develop? And how much the additional capex would be 
needed for the same? 
Management: 
Vikash, it is not 5 to 6 years for the $1 billion. Next 3 to 4 years are to cross -- to exceed quarter 
billion dollars, okay? But as you know, these programs require years of proactive planning. So 
today, 3 to 4 years back, we are embarking on multiple strategies, fine-tuning partners, alliances, 
etcetera, etcetera. 
Let me give you one example of what we are talking about, right, okay? Everybody knows that 
space is the next frontier, right, okay? SG mentioned that, that we have been more than two 
decades in the space business. 
Quite a few of you actually have come to our unit and you have gone through the kind of 
equipment, which we have in place to test space grade equipment and subsystems, which are 
made for ISRO, SAC, etcetera, etcetera. Is it a far shot to imagine that we would be doing what 
we've been doing for ISRO and SAC for global players where everywhere, the space is 
exploding, number one. 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
Number two, very -- we have all been talking about LEO. Now, near LEO is also very well is 
getting established, which at some point in time, will compete with drones, drones which are 
seen may possibly become an intermediate step in the evolution, right, okay? That again will 
necessitate a large number of satellites, mass manufacturing to happen. 
Companies are raising money at like $750 million, $800 million valuation with hardly any 
revenue numbers to their credit. If I extrapolate these numbers, actually, I got close to my current 
market capitalization. Actually, I have numbers to support that kind of a valuation if I extrapolate 
space business alone. But forget about that. 
Very near Earth orbit will require and LEO satellites will require a whole lot of satellites to be 
put in place, right? And I don't -- I think 5 or 6 companies in India, which have the capability to 
create these kind of products on a mass scale, okay? We being one of them. We intend 
completely to capitalize on this larger trend. And I believe space will be a fascinating business. 
 
In terms of capex, right, space, I don't think it will require honestly in the immediate short term, 
any significant investment from our side because we have already commissioned our facility in 
Bangalore to assemble -- to design and assemble small satellites. It's already commissioned, 
okay? 
We are building our own satellite, which we shall put in space in about less than 24 months, our 
own Astra SAT-1 should be in space with multiple payloads, okay? We could have done that 
earlier as a demo satellite, but no, we want it to be revenue accretive. We don't want to just spend 
money to be eligible for programs. We want it to be revenue accretive and profitable for us. 
That's why we delayed the launch of these satellites. 
 
So, these are multiple programs which are in the works, right? So as the strategy is developed, I 
guess capital requirement subsequently will be at that point in time. But please remember that if 
you're doing quarter billion dollars kind of a turnover, our cash flow is also going to be quite 
significant. 
If our cost base doesn't increase, it should not because we have the facilities in place. So, we will 
not see dramatic improvement or requirement to invest in doubling our turnover, okay? And that 
should lead to a disproportionate impact on the bottom line from a cash flow perspective. And 
that's where we are. Rest time will tell. 
Vikash Singh: 
Noted, sir. So to sum up, up to quarter billion dollars kind of the revenue, all necessary 
ingredients are in place. Is that a correct assumption? And how we should look at the margins 
because space and defense are the two better margin business usually? So, how should we look 
at your margins going forward overall? 
Management: 
I think there are a couple of players in the market, which have better margins than us. So, we 
have something to look forward to, okay? I don't think our margins have reached probably the 
peak. But as we go into systems, right, okay, and which we are increasingly going into, I don't -
- in a very competitive environment, okay? 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
I think instead of an upfront complete margin business, you might see a strategic decision where 
upfront is less, but you have AMC contracts, which are kicking in, which will be multi-year, 
etcetera, etcetera. But we don't -- I think the margin base which we have right now, right, that 
plus/minus a few percentage, that is very, very defensible. S.G, M.V, do you want to add 
something to this? Or am I being right? 
Management: 
Yes, not much, Atim. 
Management: 
Okay. So, I'm on the right track then. Okay. 
Vikash Singh: 
And sir, is it safe to assume that much of this growth would be back-ended, probably FY '28 -- 
'27-'28 rather than '26? 
Management: 
Absolutely. This is not something you can look at on a quarterly basis or short term, right, okay? 
There are multiple other companies, which can probably meet that need, right, okay? We are a 
company -- we are very clearly defining for you a 3- to 4-year vision, right, where substantial 
growth is right now sitting in front of us. The challenge is execution. 
And I'm proud to say that we have a fairly kick-ass execution team led very heavily by S.G.R 
and M.V.R, here okay, and supported by some really fantastic guys who have performed. So, I 
think we are very well placed, if I may say so. 
Vikash Singh: 
And sir, if I can just squeeze one more question. Going forward, if we look at the defense 
procurement document, which has come out a couple of months back, a lot of focus has been 
given on electronic warfare where we are also present. So in terms of the capability side, you 
said you are going to develop systems. Could you give us some a little bit more insight that 
where we are in terms of capability currently? And what are the segments where we want to 
develop? 
Management: 
We have the basic building blocks in place, but I get beaten up by M.V.R for disclosing too 
much, right, in a competitive world. So, I'm going to defer this question to M.V.R, okay? 
Management: 
I think I'll answer this question. Basically, we started our EW journey almost about 20 years 
back, and we basically started building components and subsystems. And now we started 
building the systems, especially for the airborne platforms, we started developing in the 
concurrent designs with DRDO. 
And there is a reason why we got that EW suite order like, you know for Virupaksha. I'm sorry, 
on our Angad project. And apart from that, we were also focusing a few EW systems like ESM 
and ECM systems, especially ESM for the naval applications that we started off a couple of 
years back. In between we put that project on hold because of the few specifications were 
changed. 
 
So now, again, we are resuming that. And probably in a couple of years, we'll be in a position to 
complete that and deliver to -- or demonstrate to Navy. So likewise, we started both in ground 
as well as for airborne applications. We are slowly building the capability in all broad spectrum 
of the EW segment. 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
We have a core design team with us, and we have an advantage of having the core design team 
who understand well, right from the components to the entire system level. And recently, we 
have added a few guys who got a good experience in system engineering that adds value to all 
the existing team. So with that, we can -- we are confident that we will be in a position to develop 
EW systems.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of  Analyst. Please go ahead. 
Analyst: 
Sir, firstly, congratulations on great margins and for giving such a fantastic outlook for FY '30. 
Sir, just wanted to ask, so you have given for FY '27, '28, '29, '30 as well. So if you can throw 
some light how are you planning to close this year maybe on the top line basis on the margin 
front? 
Management: 
Margins should be there. M.V, do you want to handle this? 
Management: 
Yes. I think our guidance is for INR1,150 crores to INR1,200 crores, if I'm not wrong. That's 
our guidance. I think we'll meet it hopefully. 
Analyst: 
Yes. So, this was the guidance that was given earlier. So you are already on track? 
Management: 
We are on track. INR1,150 crores to INR1,200 crores. INR1,150 crores to INR1,200 crores is 
the range. But guys, listen, most of our efforts are now for the next year and the next 3 years 
thereafter. So that's what where our focus is. MV, do you want to add something? 
Management: 
Actually, Nikhil, the question is not clear. You are asking about the margins for the coming year. 
Management: 
Current year. No, current year. Current year, S.G. He is asking for current year's guidance. 
Management: 
Current year, the gross margins will continue to be what we have delivered now. I would say in 
terms of EBITDA or PBT, we should be able to maintain the margins what we have delivered 
up to now. I see some positive side out of this, but minimum is whatever is delivered now, we 
should be able to maintain. 
Analyst: 
And sir, for FY '27? 
Management: 
So, I have given you for FY '26. Now for the going year FY '27, FY '28 kind of thing, gross 
margins continue to be around 45% to 50%. That is what the standard for the last 2 years. Once 
we maintain that, the follow-up margins will continue to be what is there with a slight positive 
increase there. 
Management: 
Bias is on the positive side. 
Management: 
Bias is on the positive side. 
Management: 
Very well put here. Very well explained. 
Analyst: 
Okay, sir. And sir, just wanted to confirm you said that in Q3, you will receive newer orders for 
INR400 crores and INR600 crores in the last quarter, right? 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Management: 
Yes, that's right. 
Management: 
What's happening when they are hanging up? Somebody is hanging up, I think. Again, S.G, is 
that you and me? 
Moderator: 
Sir, I have promoted another participant. 
Management: 
Okay 
Moderator: 
Keyurkumar Vadaliya, you there? 
Keyurkumar Vadaliya: 
Yes. Hello. So my question is, sir, if you track our last 8 quarters, like second quarter, you have 
delivered a number of N-defense related to INR160 crores, right? So why the peers all are putting 
the great numbers and why our number is not in the growth aspect. So first question is that. And 
second is like in last quarter, you had told us that S-Band naval radar and the Seeker they are 
under trial and further on that we expect all the orders from. So, what are the position on that, 
sir? 
Management: 
Is it not a function of what products, which client is -- which company is delivering in which 
quarter, right? We cannot comment on any quarterly numbers. But look at the trend, do the half-
year numbers. We cannot be looked at quarterly, right? This is not the company, the right 
company and the right industry to look at on a quarterly basis. 
I think we have made it amply clear. We don't want to address this again and again, okay? We 
are here to present to you in a long product cycle, long gestation product business. We are here 
to deliver consistent value over years.  
Keyurkumar Vadaliya: 
Yes, sir. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Hello. 
Keyurkumar Vadaliya: 
Hello. I'm able to hear you, sir. 
Management: 
I don't know. Somebody else -- Something said something else. So, we cannot be looking into 
that on a quarterly short-term basis guys. Look at us in blocks of years, see where we were 2 
years back, where were we 4 years back, 6 years back, right? I think the trend will be very, very 
clear to you of what we are trying to do. 
We are, for the first time, giving you a 4-year vision, right, okay, where we are. X is becoming 
2x plus, 2x plus, okay, on the back of orders, which are there in sight, okay? So that's how we 
need to be -- that's how we look at the business. It's your prerogative how you look at the 
company, right? We are nobody to comment on that. But that's how we look at our business, 
right, if I may say so. So, there was a second part of the question, which I think on the Seekers, 
which M.V can answer thoroughly 
Management: 
Seeker part, most of the tests have been completed and some repeat orders we are expecting in 
the next couple of months with the limited series production numbers. The exact quantity we'll 
come to know only by next month, but we are expecting at least 20-plus numbers by March '26. 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Keyurkumar Vadaliya: 
Okay. And sir, last thing, in last quarter, you have commented that you submitted many RFI on 
the counter drone side and there was kind of a ground penetrating radar that we can get like 100 
units every year. So, what is the status on that, sir? 
Management: 
On counter drones, let me answer the counter drones, right? On the counter drones, we were L2 
in 3 bids. We lost out on them. There are many more opening up. Hopefully, we'll get something, 
okay? But it's a bid-based process. On GPR, I think it is -- we -- that's the kind of outlook we 
have. That's one of the product lines. But M.V, if I'm not wrong, none of the GPR bids have 
been opened, right? Is it? 
Management: 
No. We have participated in a few RFPs. We'll come to know in the next couple of months. 
Actually, counter drone now we are working out a strategy to optimize further the technology to 
make sure that we can offer a different solution to different market segments. 
Initially, the product what we have developed is basically kind of a generic and a product -- for 
a few of the customers, it became a bit costly. So hence, we lost out in a couple of cases. But 
now we are further optimizing this technology. Our team is working on that to make sure that 
each segment will have kind of a competitive solution. 
Management: 
So, guys, here, I think what M.V is saying is we don't want to be competing at the low-end, low-
volume space in counter drones. I think we'd rather be going for specialized high-value, slightly 
more complicated multi-faceted solutions. That is our strategy on which we are working on right 
now. 
Keyurkumar Vadaliya: 
Any comment on the metrology product you were saying last quarter? 
Management: 
We've got the order, and we will explain. Yes, please. 
Management: 
Yes. Metrology front, we have already bagged a good number of orders. And going forward 
also, now one contract is almost finalized. We have concluded negotiations. We are expecting 
orders soon. And also two more tenders we have participated for which TAC is going on. 
In a way, I would say, in Mausam Mission program, especially in the radar front, weather 
stations front, we are the leading supplier and we bagged maximum orders till date. And going 
forward also, we have a very competitive solution. So hence, we are confident of bagging 
majority of the share. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipul Kumar from Sumangal Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Vipul Kumar: 
So, what is the current outstanding order book for Astra Rafael Comsys System Private Limited? 
Management: 
The overall order book as of 30th September is somewhere around INR336 crores. And we are 
expecting around close to INR800 crores to INR850 crores in next 6, 7 months. 
Vipul Kumar: 
For Astra Rafael, right, sir? 
Management: 
Yes, yes. 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Vipul Kumar: 
And what was their contribution to revenue and EBITDA for this 6 months, sir? 
Management: 
Contribution, I think it is close to about 35%. I don't have the exact number of Rafael 
contribution. I don't have a clear number of revenue contribution. They have made a profit before 
tax of about INR11 crores for the half year. And for Q2, it made about INR7 crores on a top line 
of about INR78 crores of sales. 
Vipul Kumar: 
Okay, sir. And so over the next 6 months, what type of execution we can see in this Astra Rafael? 
Management: 
By end of the financial year, it is attempting to do a business of close to about INR350 crores, 
close to that. 
Vipul Kumar: 
INR250 crores for the entire year. That should be the revenue, right? 
Management: 
For the entire year, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aayush Jha from Sagun Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Aayush Jha: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the improvement of the gross margin. If you compare Y-o-Y, 
gross margin has been improved by 1,000 basis points and for H1, it is improved by 600 basis 
points. And I want to know the reason. And the second question is regarding the other expenses. 
It is INR26 crores. If you compare to the other, it is significantly higher. So what was the reason? 
That was the two questions from my side, sir. 
Management: 
Yes. As we said many times, gross margin is directly related to the product mix that has been 
sold by the company in a particular period. I will not be able to give specifically why it has gone 
up, but it is entirely due to the product mix. Probably we might have sold some of the products 
where the gross margin is slightly higher compared to the standard margins, and that is the reason 
why it has gone up. 
 
Secondly, the other expenditure, there are one or two expenditures like equipment maintenance, 
which is a long-term contract with the supplier, Keysight Technologies, which was pending for 
quite a long period of time that got finalized in this quarter and we are under obligation to pay 
them. That is one line item, which has increased the other expenditure in a big way. 
 
The second one, which I can recollect is about the CSR expenditure. The entire CSR expenditure 
for this financial year was close to about INR2.65 crores incurred in this quarter. So, these are 
the two external items, which pushed up the overall other expenses. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hansal Thacker from Lalkar Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Hansal Thacker: 
Firstly, let me congratulate the entire management for painting such an ambitious mural of a 
vision. It's just very heartening to know that the company is going to grow leaps and bounds 
from here. I have a specific question regarding the recent order that the company got with respect 

 
 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
November 13, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
to the communication system. I just was wondering if this is the Manpack SDR order that we 
got? 
Management: 
No, it's not Manpack SDR. Manpack SDR, POC  is still going on. Most probably by December 
or Jan will get completed. The order which we bagged is from Indian Air Force for the different 
communication sets. That is under emergency procurement. They place the order. 
Hansal Thacker: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, how do we feel about this Manpack order whose POC will complete in 
December? Do we have any color on that? 
Management: 
Trials will get completed. And we are expecting by March, I think they may open the bids. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for participating and interacting with us. We hope we 
were able to answer all of your questions. And happy to see you again at the end of third quarter. 
Thank you. 
Dr. M. V. Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Astra Microwave Products Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Atim Kabra: 
Thank you, guys. Bye. 
