LEELA PALACES HOTELS & RESORTS LIMITED 
(formerly known as Schloss Bangalore Limited) 
(formerly known as Schloss Bangalore Private Limited) 
Registered Office: The Leela Palace, Diplomatic Enclave, Africa Avenue, Netaji Nagar New Delhi South Delhi 110023  
Tel No. +91 (11) 39331234 Email Id: cs@theleela.com CIN: L55209DL2019PLC347492 Website: www.theleela.com 
Ref No. THELEELA/2025-26/049 
Date: October 22, 2025 
To  
Sr. General Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code- 544408  
ISIN - INE0AQ201015 
To 
Sr. General Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol- THELEELA 
ISIN - INE0AQ201015 
Sub: Transcript of the Analysts / Institutional Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
In continuation to our letter dated October 09, 2025 and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Q2 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call held on October 14, 2025. 
The above information will also be available on the website of the Company at www.theleela.com/investors. 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
Thanking you,  
For Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited  
(formerly known as Schloss Bangalore Limited) 
(formerly known as Schloss Bangalore Private Limited) 
____________________________ 
Jyoti Maheshwari   
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: A24469 
Encl.: as Above 
JYOTI 
MAHESHWARI
Digitally signed by 
JYOTI MAHESHWARI 
Date: 2025.10.22 
15:03:01 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited  
(formerly known as Schloss Bangalore Limited)  
Q2 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANURAAG BHATNAGAR – WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, LEELA 
PALACES HOTELS & RESORTS LIMITED 
MR. RAVI SHANKAR – HEAD OF ASSET MANAGEMENT 
& CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, LEELA PALACES 
HOTELS & RESORTS LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR GUPTA – DEPUTY CHIEF INVESTMENT 
OFFICER & HEAD (APAC & MIDDLE EAST REGION, 
REAL ESTATE), BROOKFIELD (SPONSOR) 

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY’26 Earnings Call of Leela Palaces 
Hotels & Resorts Limited, formerly known as Schloss Bangalore Limited.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Cyril Paul from Ernst & Young IR. Thank you and over 
to you. 
Cyril Paul: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Q2 results of Leela Palaces Hotels & 
Resorts Limited, India's only pure play luxury hospitality Company. The Company has 
published its results and has uploaded the investor presentation on the exchanges earlier today, 
and you can also find them on the Company's website. 
Before we start, a disclaimer. Some of the statements made in today’s Earnings Call may be 
forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements 
are based on management’s beliefs and assumptions made by information currently available to 
the Management. Audiences are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements while making their investment decisions. 
On that note, let me introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's conference 
call: 
We have with us Mr. Anuraag Bhatnagar – Whole time Director and CEO and Mr. Ravi Shankar 
- Head of Asset Management and CFO. We also have on the call, on behalf of the sponsor, 
Brookfield, Mr. Ankur Gupta the Deputy CIO and Head of the APAC and Middle East Region. 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Bhatnagar. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
Hello, everyone. Good evening. Thank you for joining us in our 2nd Global Earnings Call for 
the quarter ended 30th September 2025.  
At The Leela, our philosophy of “Atithi Devo Bhava” continues to guide everything that we do. 
This quarter, we have delivered strong financial performance and made meaningful progress on 
our growth initiatives, reinforcing our unique position as India's only pure-play luxury 
hospitality brand. We have now formally adopted the name Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts 
Limited, aligning our corporate identity more closely with the strength and equity of our brand 
as we step into our next phase of growth.  

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
We are pleased to inform you that we have had a strong quarter outperforming the industry to 
deliver RevPAR growth 3 times that of luxury industry. This quarter also marked the fourth 
consecutive quarter of positive PAT for the Company.  
At The Leela, our value proposition is anchored in three defining pillars: 
1. 
The strength of our sponsor, Brookfield. 
2. 
The power of The Leela brand. 
3. 
A business model focused on pure-play luxury. 
On the back of our sponsor, Brookfield, we benefit from strong institutional ownership, robust 
governance, and access to unique growth opportunities, including marquee development at BKC 
in Mumbai and the Palm Jumeirah in Dubai.  
Our brand and focus on guest experience remains unmatched, reflected in our NPS (Net 
Promoter Score) of 86 for H1 FY’26. We are also innovating to deepen customer engagement 
through initiatives like the launch of our invite-only members’ club - ARQ.  
The Indian luxury hospitality sector has strong fundamentals with a forecasted demand-supply 
CAGR gap of 4.9% between FY '25 and FY '28, providing a robust tailwind for growth. With a 
strong pipeline of over 1,500 keys, we are well-positioned to capture this opportunity as we 
target approximately Rs. 2,000 crores in EBITDA by FY'30. 
Let me now briefly walk you through the structure of today's call over the next 15 minutes. I am 
joined in by our CFO and Head of Asset Management, Ravi Shankar. We will begin with key 
announcements, followed by an overview of our operational and brand performance, followed 
by asset management and financial performance for the half-year and quarter ended 30th 
September 2025. We will then outline our growth levers and future strategy before opening the 
floor to your questions.  
Before we proceed, let me highlight a few important announcements: 
• 
Firstly, we are excited to announce that we have received Board approval to acquire a 
25% stake in an operating beachfront luxury resort on The Palm Jumeirah, Dubai. The 
resort is on an enviable location right next to Atlantis The Royal. The property is 
spread over 23 acres, has 546 keys, including residences, 12 F&B venues and 
extensive banqueting and wellness facilities. For a 25% stake, Leela will acquire an 
upfront capital investment of circa $49 million, circa INR 437 crores.  
Brookfield will be acquiring the remaining 75%. This transaction is being done at an 
attractive entry multiple of 12.8 times Calendar Year '25 EBITDA with equity payback 
for Leela in 2-3 years through the sale of branded residences. Our investment is 

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
expected to generate 17% stabilized yield on cost including long-term annual HMA 
fees of INR 55 to 65 crores. This strategic expansion into Dubai, one of India's largest 
international feeder market, not only enhances Leela's global brand visibility but also 
unlocks strong financial value. 
• 
Second big announcement, the key highlight is the structuring update on The Leela 
Palace BKC Mumbai, a landmark development in the making with over 250 keys in 
the heart of city's financial hub. Under the new structure, Leela will co-invest 50% in 
only the hotel with our share of CAPEX circa INR 800 crores, including land and 
construction.  
Brookfield will fund the remaining 50% of the hotel and will fully own and fund the 
0.7 million square feet of office space. Leela will also operate the property under hotel 
management agreement. The project is expected to deliver a stabilized EBITDA of 
around Rs. 150 crores for Leela’s stake, delivering an attractive 16% yield on cost.  
Now talking about our business performance in the quarter: 
The Leela continues to be the preferred brand driven by our unwavering commitment to luxury 
and service excellence. The impact of our brand strength and customer-centric approach is 
clearly visible in our financial performance in this period.  
In H1 FY’26, we delivered RevPAR growth that outpaced the luxury segment across all key 
markets. This consistent performance enabled us to achieve more than 3times RevPAR growth 
compared to the Indian luxury segment. For H1, RevPAR is up by 16% to INR 12,616, supported 
by ADR growth of 10% and occupancy improvement of 3.8 percentage points to 66%.  
In Q2 FY’26, our RevPAR grew by 13% to INR 13,262, driven by balanced improvement across 
both ADR and occupancy. Revenue growth has been delivered across all segments, Retail, 
Corporate, as well as Groups. Retail and Corporate-driven momentum fueled strong double-digit 
RevPAR gains across both city hotels and resorts.  
In terms of composition, retail continues to be a strength and a dominant segment, contributing 
58% of the room revenue in Q2. Further, in the same quarter, we delivered 23% growth in retail 
segment on the back of our dynamic pricing and focus on direct sales channel with a high growth 
coming from brand.com.  
We are proud to report a profit after tax of INR 75 crores for Q2 FY’26, making our fourth 
consecutive quarter of positive PAT. This consistent performance reflects a strong operational 
momentum and disciplined execution, positioning us well for sustained growth.  

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
In Q2, we not only outperformed the industry in financial and operating metrics, but we also 
strengthened our brand equity through global recognition. One of our flagship properties, The 
Leela Palace, New Delhi, has been recognized as amongst the Best City Hotels by Travel and 
Leisure for 2025, an accolade that underscores our brand strength and global appeal.  
In the Food and Beverage space, we continue to build momentum. ZLB 23, a Kyoto 
Speakeasy Bar at The Leela Palace, Bengaluru, has earned a spot amongst Asia's 50 Best Bars. 
Furthermore, two specialty restaurants at The Leela Palace, New Delhi, have been ranked 
amongst India's top 50 restaurants by The Condé Nast Traveler - Le Cirque, Franco-Italian fine 
dining restaurant, and Megu, Japanese specialty restaurant. These prestigious recognitions 
reflect our dedication to delivering exceptional culinary and bar experiences.  
Our brand strength is shown in the experience we deliver. We don't just lead the industry, we set 
up our own benchmarks and keep beating them. Our Net Promoter Score remains the highest in 
the sector, improving year after year with a strong score of 86 in H1 FY’26.  
We remain the employer of choice in the hospitality industry, supported by our industry-leading 
talent development and employee engagement programs, which has helped us improve our 
retention ratio to 79% in H1FY'26. Our structured training programs including LLDP, LEAD, 
and global training. They play a very critical role in strengthening our service culture.  
Moving on to new developments during the quarter: 
As discussed in the last Earnings Call, we launched ARQ, an exclusive members-only, by invite-
only, ultra-luxury club offering at The Leela Palace, Bengaluru. ARQ by The Leela targets a 
select set of members curated from thought leaders in business and industry, offering members 
exclusive access to facilities, private events, and premium bespoke services. This invite-only 
club is witnessing a strong traction and will be rolled out across other key cities such as New 
Delhi and Chennai in the second half of this year and Mumbai to follow thereafter.  
Furthermore, at The Leela Palace, Bengaluru, we have relaunched 34,000 square feet of high-
end retail space. This retail wing will house India's leading luxury brands like Sabyasachi, Zoya, 
in line with the taste of Leela's discerning clientele. The luxury retail wing will also add 
annualized EBITDA of approximately INR 10 crores.  
We have also reopened the iconic Franco-Italian restaurant, Le Cirque at The Leela Palace, New 
Delhi, by repurposing under-utilized space. With its reimagined design, evolved menu, and 
immersive storytelling, the restaurant is poised to set new benchmarks for fine dining in the city. 
Taken together, these initiatives reinforce our philosophy of creating a holistic Leela luxury 
ecosystem, spanning rooms, dining, events, wellness, retail, and exclusive lifestyle experiences. 

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
We continue our commitment to our ESG philosophy as we strive to create long-term value 
while delivering experiences that are both luxurious and responsible. During Q2 FY’26, we have 
successfully commissioned 2.25 Megawatts solar plant at The Leela Palace, Chennai. Leela now 
uses 65% energy from renewable sources.  
These efforts are aligned with a long-term commitment to achieve Net Zero by 2050 while 
building a socially inclusive and environmentally responsible organization. Together with 
Brookfield's institutional strength, a robust growth pipeline, supportive industry tailwinds, and 
a highly engaged team, The Leela is well positioned to scale new heights in the luxury 
hospitality.  
I will now hand over the proceedings to our CFO and Head of Asset Management – Ravi, to 
take us through the Q2 and H1 FY’26 performance and balance sheet details.  
Ravi Shankar: 
Thank you, Anuraag. Good evening, everyone. 
Let me take you through the financial and the business performance for the quarter and 
half-year ended 30th September 2025: 
This quarter has once again underscored the strength, efficiency, and the scalability of The Leela 
platform, combining strong top-line growth with disciplined capital management and sharp 
focus on returns.  
First, on the financial highlights: 
During the quarter, we posted 11% revenue increase to INR 333 crores, while the EBITDA grew 
by 17% to INR 161 crores, delivering a margin of 48.2%, an expansion of 2.5%, reflecting a 
healthy flow-through of nearly 70%.  
Even on an operating EBITDA basis, excluding the treasury income, performance remains 
strong with a 12% growth to INR 138 crores, delivering a margin of 44.4%, an expansion of 
1.2%.  
Turning to the half-yearly performance: 
We experienced robust half-yearly growth with our total revenue registering an increase of 18% 
to stand at INR 635 crores. While EBITDA grew by 34% to INR 289 crores, our EBITDA 
margin expanded by 5.6% to 45%, reflecting strong operating leverage and effective cost 
management.  
Importantly, 77% of incremental revenue flow-through translated to EBITDA gains, 
highlighting robust operating discipline. Even excluding the other income, the EBITDA flow-

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
through stood at an impressive 67%, reflecting the efficiency and strength of our operating 
model.  
H1 PAT stood at INR 83 crores compared to a loss of  INR 126 crores last year. This turnaround 
was driven by two key factors. First, INR 73 crores boost due to improved business momentum 
and EBITDA growth, supported by INR 118 crores reduction in finance cost.  
With this momentum, we are firmly on course to deliver another year of strong performance, 
building on four consecutive profitable quarters and entering the second half FY’26 from a 
position of strength. We typically witness strong seasonal uplift in the second half of the year 
and this trend is expected to continue. Supported by favorable seasonality, continued portfolio 
enhancement, and strategic execution, we remain on track to achieve the mid-to-high-teen 
EBITDA growth in FY’26 in line with our earlier guidance.  
Moving to non-revenue segment: 
Our F&B revenue registered a healthy growth of 11% Y-o-Y in H1, contributed by both outlet 
and higher banqueting income. Our HMA fees a capital light and high-margin revenue stream 
grew by 14% Y-o-Y, reflecting healthy managed portfolio traction.  
Let me also highlight the strength of our balance sheet: 
Our net debt to EBITDA stands at 0.5x. Our net debt to equity at 0.2x, reflecting a robust balance 
sheet and capital structure. With more than INR 10 billion of cash sitting in the balance sheet 
and a strong AA Stable credit rating, The Leela stands well positioned to fund expansion and 
manage future CAPEX needs efficiently.  
We have also strengthened financial flexibility through refinancing, lowering our average cost 
of debt from 9.1% to 8.4% and extending the loan tenure from about 8 years to nearly 15 years. 
This will not only improve the free cash flows in the near term but also provide us with long-
term stability to support growth investment and value creation. As a part of this financing, we 
have also optimized the security package with no parent guarantee or promoter pledge, further 
reflecting the strength of The Leela’s balance sheet.  
Our focus remains on quality growth, disciplined capital deployment and sustainable value 
creation. As of September 2025, our adjusted ROCE stands at approximately 14%. Our book 
ROCE is impacted by two factors that inflate the reported capital employed. Around INR 1,275 
crores from accounting of revaluation reserve when we moved from IGAAP to Ind AS and INR 
1,193 crores of pre-IPO expansion capital infused by Brookfield. Adjusting for these two, our 
underlying ROCE stands at a robust 14%. 

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Looking ahead, we are building a portfolio which will deliver high teen ROCE on the back 
of four strategic pillars: 
• 
First, same-store growth with asset enhancements like new revamped F&B outlets, 
banquet spaces, spa and wellness center.  
• 
Second, new verticals like the ARQ, The Leela luxury residences, which enhances 
revenue at a marginal cost. Our owned pipeline with development underway in 
Udaipur, Mumbai, Srinagar, Agra, Ayodhya, Ranthambore and Bandhavgarh will also 
add to the incremental ROCE.  
• 
In addition, our international foray with the Dubai Palm Jumeirah project, which aligns 
with our long-term strategy to expand The Leela brand globally and diversify our 
revenue stream, reinforcing our commitment to sustainable value creation.  
• 
Fourth, the capital light HMA expansions such as Sikkim and Mumbai enabling high 
margin growth and footprint expansion with limited capital outlay. All of these growth 
drivers are designed to be ROCE accretive and we remain confident of achieving high 
teen ROCE growth over the immediate term, in line with our EBITDA growth 
trajectory.  
To sum up: 
The Leela stands today stronger than ever, delivering profitability growth backed up by a solid 
balance sheet and pillars of expansion. With the support of our sponsor Brookfield, we are 
equipped with the financial strength, global expertise and development capabilities to accelerate 
our next phase of growth. Together, we are confident of taking The Leela to new frontiers, 
building on legacy of excellence and creating lasting value for all our stakeholders. 
Now we can open the floor for questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our 
first question from the line of Binay from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.  
Binay: 
Hi, team. Congratulations on good set of numbers. I have two questions on the two things that 
you announced in this earnings. So, firstly, on the BKC side, you have talked about the revised 
structure with Leela focusing more on the hotel side and Brookfield more on the commercial 
side. Could you share your thought process on that, that what led to the change and link to that, 
INR 800 crore of CAPEX that you are talking about? Which year does it sort of start and how 
to think about that? That is the first question.  
Ravi Shankar: 
So, Binay, thanks for the question. Initially, the structure that we had discussed was that it was 
a mixed-use development with 50% of the hotel and office to be owned by Leela and 50% by 
Brookfield. Now we have looked at the revised structure as we spoke in the earlier call. 50% of 

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
the hotel now will be owned by Leela and the balance 50% of the hotel and the 100% office will 
be owned by Brookfield. The total capital contribution from Leela's side is around INR 800 
crores for the CAPEX. We have already started spending the CAPEX because we are paying for 
the land lease to MMRDA and this CAPEX will be spent in the next 4 years and the thought was 
that we would be able to use the additional capital that could be freed up in near-term operating 
assets that will be ROCE accretive, Binay. 
Ankur Gupta: 
Binay, if I may come in, this is Ankur. Sites like these are unique. At the same time, it is a unique 
relationship between Brookfield, the promoter of Leela, as well as Brookfield as a very large 
real estate Company globally. And it is always prudent for palace properties to have ownership. 
We have always maintained that, that palaces should be held on The Leela balance sheet. They 
are highly accretive.  
 
As the presentation mentions, 16% yield-on cost is available to Leela on the hotel site through a 
combination of fees as well as the ownership. Now, this yield-on cost is lower on the office site 
given there is no HMA income. And hence, it is prudent that Leela focuses its capital into core 
business of hotel ownership and operations. But Brookfield provides synergy as well as capital 
support to ensure that the benefit at the site of higher FSI is available to Leela. You don't have 
to over-commit to a very large hotel, for example.  
 
We can commit to the ideal mix. Office will help the hotel and vice versa. And I think having 
ownership in the hotel and joint ownership at the hotel with the JV partner is a good thing for 
Leela, as well as not exposing Leela business to office risks is a prudent one. So, in our 
engagement with various stakeholders, that has been agreed and Brookfield has accepted to take 
the entire development of office on its side.  
Binay: 
Right. So, the land is jointly shared between the two of you, right? For the whole site.  
Ankur Gupta: 
That is correct.  
Binay: 
And then just linked to the second structure, the second deal that we announced in Dubai. One 
is that, again, we see Leela partnering with Brookfield. So, how to think about it going ahead? 
Will this be a template that we will see more and more? Or is it more where you see an 
opportunity and Leela doesn't have the balance sheet that Brookfield steps in?  
Ankur Gupta: 
I would say it is very unique for Leela to have a sponsor like Brookfield. It is very unique, not 
just for Leela in India, but it is unique globally, where the principal shareholder is able to, 
through these joint ventures, able to provide the support as well as strategic expansion.  
 
So, for example, in Dubai, it is an amazing transaction. Now, no hotel Company in India today 
can, on its own, take up a half a billion dollar transaction plus expansion capital or redevelopment 
capital. At the same time, it is very, very, very attractive. Entry yield is about 12.9 times. All of 

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
the money will be back through sale of residences. Effectively, the equity in the hotel portion 
will be marginal or almost nothing. So, highly attractive transaction. And Leela can generate 
significant management fees from this transaction.  
 
So, Leela gets the benefit of the sponsorship and the ownership that Brookfield provides and is 
able to access gateway properties, unique locations, amazing non-replaceable real estate, or 
virtually impossible to replace real estate and to be able to put its flag into these locations, earn 
management fees, and earn EBITDA at very attractive return on capital.  
 
You are talking about, on a stabilized basis, a low single-digit multiple EBITDA, which means 
very high double-digit return on capital, plus growth. So, you are talking about high 20s IRRs 
for both these transactions, which is almost impossible for a standalone hotel Company to access. 
But through a partnership with its sponsor, it is able to get these unique transactions done.  
Binay: 
That is helpful. Actually, just putting all this together, how to think about Leela's own balance 
sheet in the coming years because the CAPEX intensity would inch up? So, any revised numbers     
on what sort of a, because most of these properties are actually the Dubai one is already 
operational. So, you will start getting some EBITDA from there, but the BKC… 
Ankur Gupta: 
A lot of EBITDA. A lot of EBITDA by the way. So, by the time the conversion happens, as I 
mentioned, this is at a 13, 12.5x multiple. So, it is highly cash accretive on day one. On the BKC 
asset capital, while we lay out the total capital of INR 800 crores, it will happen over 4 years, 
right? And as most construction projects go, a lot of capital is back-ended by the time finishing 
and other things happen. So, a lot of the capital is back-ended and Leela's balance sheet is still 
very, very strong to do the smaller deals and HMA contracts and key money etc., on its own.  
 
So, this is a prudent way, in a combined transaction for both of these put together for Leela is a 
fraction of what it will need to do if it was standing by its own balance sheet. Leela's balance 
sheet is very strong. Our rating is very strong our debt levels are very low and all of these 
transactions are being funded by cash available on its balance sheet right now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Sumit Kumar from JM Financial 
Institutional Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Kumar: 
Hi. Good evening. Congratulations on a good set of numbers and the new Dubai acquisition. My 
first question is on the Dubai acquisition. If you could explain the point on the equity would be 
bought back with, the 25% equity that Leela holds would be bought back from the sale of 
residences. So, how much would be the proceeds from such sale of residences and will that be 
an arm's length transaction when we do that and how are you thinking about that? 

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Ankur Gupta: 
Let me just chime in here. Everything is arm's length. Everything is at the same basis. So, Leela 
is 25. Brookfield fund is 75. It is at the same basis. What we mentioned is that in the next two to 
three years, so the hotel consists of  370 odd keys and residences, the balance.  
 
Our business plan is to sell the residences. Now the capital gain and the net proceeds from that 
will ensure that the dividends back to shareholders, the two shareholders in 25/75 ratio is enough 
for the initial equity in its entirety to be returned, which means that Leela will end up owning a 
25% stake.  
 
Now this is all subject to our business plans panning out, but we believe the market is very, very 
strong, which means we expect that dividends back or distributions back to Leela over the next 
three, maybe 3 plus years or maybe 3 minus years will be enough such that the equity invested 
in this property, net equity post the distribution over the next three odd years will be practically 
zero.  
 
So, Leela will end up owning a 25% stake in this resort of 360 odd keys for practically no equity 
over the next 3 years. It makes it very, very attractive and have a management contract that will 
generate 50 plus crores of annual income on top of it. So, it will own 25% stake and the HMA 
fees generating solid EBITDA and get all its money back through distributions. Everything is 
arm’s length. Everything is equitable. Everything is at the same basis as two to 25 as two 
shareholders would be.  
Sumit Kumar: 
And the second question is to Ravi. If you could give us the breakup of room revenue and F&B 
for this quarter and any sort of color on the RevPAR growth across properties, what properties 
drove this during the quarter grow this number?  
Ravi Shankar: 
So, Sumit, I will give you a breakup of the city and the resort. The city hotels RevPAR was 
almost 14% and resort were 10% for Quarter 2. And if I tell you H1, it was a city hotel that drove 
14.5% and resort did 22.5%. Jaipur did a very healthy occupancy that drove the occupancy. It 
did early 60s from the last H1 of around 50%. So, that was driver. In terms of ADR, the hotel 
that did drive the ADR was Chennai, Bengaluru and Udaipur.  
Sumit Kumar: 
And the breakup of room revenues and F&B if you have?  
Ravi Shankar: 
So, room revenue, I can give it to you. The room revenue was INR 147 crores against last quarter 
of INR 130 crores. And F&B was INR 120 crores against last quarter of INR 113 crores.  
Sumit Kumar: 
That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead.  

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, congrats on the transaction and all the best for your international foray. Sir, would there be 
any further investment in Dubai property from Leela's side? And I also understand that the 
property was not having such a great review from the guests. So, is it that we will first renovate 
the hotel and apartments and then we will start to sell? Some clarity on these, and how much 
could be the realization per residences?  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
Hi, Prashant. Like you said, it is an operating hotel and let me just give you a little bit about the 
asset. It has got 546 keys with a 63 square meter average room size and a great iconic location. 
So, this particular property is running at a high occupancy and to give you a market standpoint, 
all properties on the beachfront on the Jumeirah have a blended occupancy of close to 75% and 
an average rate of US$600 to US$700. This particular asset, we will have a CAPEX plan, which 
will deploy CAPEX to upgrade the asset quality, bring it up to The Leela brand standards. And 
the capital plan will be rolled out in a systematic and a phased out manner, knowing the fact that 
it is an operating hotel. This property is spread over 23 acres and has various wings. So, you can 
understand that we will work on this and develop a capital plan to ensure that we can be efficient 
about our CAPEX strategy. It is a good operating property with very good operating outcomes 
and customer feedback.  
Prashant Biyani: 
And on the residences part?  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
So, sorry, what about the residences?  
Prashant Biyani: 
On the residences also, would we start selling it after renovation or will we start selling it on as 
is where is basis? And what could be the realization on a broad assumption?  
Ankur Gupta: 
It will be post renovation and rebranding. And that will take some time. So, it won't be fair for 
us to comment upon the actual pricing today. But to your question, it will be post renovation 
upgrade as well as rebranding. Dubai is a very stellar market for residential right now. And we 
expect that with the brand strength, it will only get better.  
Prashant Biyani: 
And apartments also will be as Leela residences.  
Ankur Gupta: 
That is correct.  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
That is right.   
Prashant Biyani: 
And sir, we would be shutting down hotel for renovation or it will be part renovation which 
typically is in case of soft refurb, how would the renovation pan out?  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
See, as I mentioned earlier, it is a large hotel spread across 23 acres and has multiple buildings. 
What it does is, it allows us to renovate in phases. We are finalizing the plan as we speak and 
we will share details.  

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Prashant Biyani: 
And sir, in the slide, investor presentation that you have shared, in a slide, there was mention of 
around… 
Moderator: 
Mr. Biyani, I request you to join back the queue, please, as we have other participants waiting 
for their turn.  
Prashant Biyani: 
This is the last question. So, the purchase price mentioned was $503 million. And then Leela is 
paying around $49 million for 25%. So, if you can explain these two figures, it would be great.  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
The  total transaction value, the enterprise value is $503 million, which, as you mentioned, which 
will be funded through a combination of debt and equity. The total equity part out of this $503 
million is $200 million. And our share of equity being 25% is $49 million. The balance will be 
through non-recourse debt.  
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Abhay Khaitan from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Abhay Khaitan: 
So, my first question is again on Palm Jumeirah asset. Firstly, want to understand given that it 
is already an operating asset and there might be some renovation, by when can we expect the 
numbers to start hitting in The Leela financials? And what could be the, I mean, you mentioned 
Rs. 50 crore of income from the management fees and then the 25% that come from the own 
room revenue that could be on top of it. So, if you can give a ballpark on how much can be the 
overall expectation of realization and by when can we start putting it?  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
So, as we clearly state, it is an operating hotel and has a strong demand and operating leverage 
already. We are expecting to close the deal in the next 30 to 40 days, and hence we will start 
earning revenue from day one. The hotel is currently generating approximately $40 odd millions 
of EBITDA. It would be rebranded post renovations to The Leela brand in 2027. I hope that 
answers your question. 
Abhay Khaitan: 
Yes, perfect. And my second question is on the growth that we have seen in this quarter. So, 
basically, throughout the industry we have seen some slowdown in RevPAR growth particularly 
in the key metro cities whereas for Leela we have seen a very strong 14% RevPAR growth for 
the city hotels. Can you explain on what were the key drivers behind this major divergence and 
can we expect this to sustain going forward?  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
Just to set some context as we have always maintained, in Leela we have built a luxury ecosystem 
which is beyond just rooms and experiences, but also food and beverage, banqueting, retail and 
wellness. And we also have a very strong proprietary sales and distribution system, which has 
shown the value in this particular quarter as you speak. The industry in luxury has grown by 5%, 
but Leela has grown to approximately 14% to 17%, which is 3 times of what the normal luxury 
industry has grown in this quarter.  

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
This quarter we also had some big focus on driving direct business focusing on our website, 
which we started this journey a couple of quarters back and also ensuring that a lot of focus and 
intervention in new launches. We relaunched two new restaurants, Le Cirque as I spoke about 
earlier and the Qube in Leela Palace New Delhi.  
 
In Leela, it's always been about creating experiences which allow us not just a high net promoter 
score of 86 but also allow us to charge a delta and create a delta when it comes to pricing and 
guest feedback and repeat usage, which has a correlation to the RevPAR growth and to the 
EBITDA margins.  
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
I had three very quick questions. So, first of all, you mentioned that over this quarter operating 
leverage helped you significantly. So, 70% of flow-through to EBITDA. Just want to understand 
what was the source of this operating leverage, how big was it, and how much further operating 
leverage do you see still available to you guys in the system?  
 
My second question was about how do you see Bengaluru market, which is definitely one of the 
key market for you and recently with pressure in IT sector, any thoughts on that?  
 
And finally, I think to continue the previous question, one of the previous question, just want to 
understand when you say you are targeting INR 20 billion of EBITDA in FY '30, could you give 
a bit more color in terms of how sort of did you arrive that number? I mean, what kind of room 
inventory, what kind of RevPAR growth are you building in, and then how that would increase 
your debt levels or the CAPEX? Something on that sort would be helpful.  
Ravi Shankar: 
First, Leela operates at a very efficient operating flow-through and even if you look at the last 
two years, we have operated at 65% operating flow-through. This quarter, 70% flow-through 
was also impact of treasury income that came in from the cash that is available in the balance 
sheet, but even if I exclude the impact of treasury income, we are at a 67% flow-through in H1. 
That is reflected because of the RevPAR growth managed by the cost management efficiencies 
for in Chennai, for example, we have just launched a 2.5 Megawatts of solar plant. That ensures 
that our cost structures are always efficient. That allows for that 67% flow-through, and we 
expect that in the coming quarters as well, we will maintain these flow-through.  
 
Secondly on the Bengaluru market, if you see quarter-by-quarter we have improved our 
performance. If you look at Quarter 2, we did a 71% occupancy for Bengaluru, and the rate 
growth literally was 9% and RevPAR growth was 16%. So, quarter-by-quarter, we have 
improved the performance.  
 
There have been considerable CAPEX spend on Bengaluru and we have created a complete 
luxury ecosystem where rooms have been renovated. We launched Maharaja Ballroom. We had 

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
ZLB. Now we are launching, we have launched the entire luxury retail wing and the ARQ Club 
has also been launched in Bengaluru. In that market, there is literally zero luxury supply coming 
for me and demand is increasing. We are investing in the asset. The corporate travel is increasing 
and that hotel in every quarter will keep improving in terms of the business.  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
And I will kind of explain to you the bridge between where we started. I mean, the FY '25 
numbers of EBITDA are known to you. We did INR 700 crores of EBITDA from FY '25. On 
a10% to 11% growth on RevPAR on same store, our existing ownership hotels should take us 
to an EBITDA of close to INR 1,200 crores by FY’30.  
 
Our value drivers plus the new pipeline that we are building on which we have already declared 
Agra, Ayodhya, Bandhavgarh, Ranthambore, Srinagar, without including BKC and Dubai as of 
now should give us another INR 250 crores of EBITDA, which takes us to close to INR 1,500 
crores.  
 
Now the last INR 500 crores would come through new acquisitions and growing. Given the size 
of our balance sheet and our strategy in terms of growing our portfolio in the luxury space, we 
are evaluating several opportunities as we speak to ensure that by the time we reach FY’30, the 
last INR 500 crores will come from there.  
Ankur Gupta: 
Anuraag, I will just add to it. These two transactions that we have double clicked on today, the 
total capital committed net of the distributions which we expect back in the next three odd years, 
three, four years. So, fast forward four cycles, in about INR 800 crores of total capital invested, 
which is pretty insignificant in terms of the size of Leela’s business today, we will be generating 
close to INR 300 crores of EBITDA from that capital deployed, net of the distribution that we 
would see from these two projects itself.  
 
Now that is a very, very high ROI, ROC, whichever way you want to think about, you know, 
return on capital. And these are unique to Leela today. And we can replicate some of it. We can 
replicate it in a completely capital-light manner. We can replicate it in a partnership manner. We 
can replicate it to the extent it is required on Leela's own sources. But I think the INR 2,000 
crores number is within our sights already. And I would like to believe that the business has 
potential to do even larger numbers without a lot of capital required.  
 
As these three examples show us, these are very, very, very unique to a business like Leela. I am 
not sure how many such opportunities are available to the market participants. Usually it is about 
a 15 multiple or 20 multiple or whatever people need to spend on buying a hotel, which really 
does not have any other operating levers attached to it. But that is not the case for Leela. I hope 
that answers your question.  
Achal Kumar: 
Yes, that does.  

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead.  
Karan Khanna: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for another great quarter. Firstly, two clarifications, 
Ravi. One, if you can help simplify the BKC development for us, what were the CAPEX 
commitments earlier and what would be the CAPEX now? I understand it will be INR 800 
crores. But given that you won't be doing the commercial project over there, so is there any 
evaluation behind that at which this transaction has been done with the private entity?  
 
So, firstly, just clarification, Ravi, if you can help simplify the BKC development now, given 
that you were looking at 50% share in the hotel and the commercial project earlier, and now I 
think entirely 50% in the hotel. So, what kind of changes in terms of the overall CAPEX 
including land are we looking at for the BKC project?  
 
And second, given that now the entire commercial project will be developed by the private entity, 
so is there some evaluation done for that? Or is it reflected in the overall construction and land 
cost for the project? 
Ravi Shankar: 
Thanks, Karan, for the question. For the BKC, now with the revised structure that we have 
announced today, we are only focusing on the core hotel operation and as a result, 50% of the 
hotel will be owned by Leela, 100% of the office and 50% of the hotel will be owned by 
Brookfield. Our total equity contribution, which is the land and the CAPEX, total capital 
contribution for the land and the hotel will be INR 800 crores and that will generate almost INR 
150 crores- INR 155 crores in the stabilized year, INR 30-35 crores from the fees and the balance 
INR 120 crores from EBITDA, giving us 16% to 17% of YOC.  
Karan Khanna: 
Sir, just a follow-up on just another clarification. When you look at the mid-teen EBITDA 
guidance for FY’26, if I look at first half itself, you have done about 34% and about 22% on 
operating EBITDA. So, are you expecting some moderation in terms of RevPAR or the margin 
in second half or is that more of a conservative guidance for second half of FY’26?  
Ravi Shankar: 
So, Karan in our last call, we had given guidance that we will do a mid to high teens of EBITDA. 
We are on track of achieving that by the end of the financial year. If you see our H1 performance, 
we have already done almost 30% EBITDA growth from H1. Almost a good part of the revenue 
comes from the H2 and we have a strong business on book setting and we are on track to achieve.  
Karan Khanna: 
And just lastly, on this bridge from INR 1,500 crores to INR 2,000 crores, Anuraag, what sort 
of acquisition are you looking at? Will it be outright or will it again be a structure similar to what 
we are seeing in the Palm Jumeirah acquisition where essentially we will be looking at a part 
stake in a hotel where you will be partnering with Brookfield or the present entity towards the 
acquisition?  

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Ravi Shankar: 
Karan, we just spoke about the two hotels, Dubai and BKC hotel itself will give us INR 300 
crores of EBITDA. So, we just have to look at solving for INR 200 crores of EBITDA. There 
are a lot of potential deals that we are evaluating which can give us EBITDA post in the near 
term to mid term that will take care of INR 200 crores rather we should be able to do more with 
HMAs.  
Karan Khanna: 
This is helpful, Ravi. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vaibhav Muley from YES Securities. Please go ahead.  
Vaibhav Muley: 
Hi, team. Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. My first question was on Dubai 
transaction. So, we have mentioned that $49 million would be the upfront capital required. So, 
how would the payment be made? Will it be through own cash and bank balance or do you plan 
to take incremental debt for this? And about the non-recourse debt, what would be the finance 
cost and when will it start reflecting into the P&L? And what kind of incremental finance cost 
can we start seeing on the P&L?  
Ravi Shankar: 
So, Vaibhav, you know, the $49 million that we have to pay as our contribution will be funded 
from an internal accrual. We already have more than INR 1,000 crores of cash sitting in the 
balance sheet and the non-recourse debt we are finalizing the terms. We are discussing with the 
bankers and we will come with more details.  
Vaibhav Muley: 
But when do we expect to finalize the, make the rest of the payment, sir? I mean, when can we 
see the incremental finance cost?  
Ravi Shankar: 
Incremental, first, the debt will not be consolidated because it is a 25% JV that we will have. So, 
debt will not be consolidated.  
Vaibhav Muley: 
And secondly, on our EBITDA guidance of mid to high-teen growth for FY’26, we have a pretty 
strong base in terms of RevPAR for last year Q3 and Q4 where we did grow by 13% to 15%. 
So, are you confident that on a high base you will be able to achieve a stronger growth in terms 
of RevPAR, let's say sustain the growth of again mid-teens? And is there any sort of green shoots 
that you have started to see in terms of advanced bookings?  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
Already, we see a very strong and a robust pace and a momentum. The H2 of the year not just 
is one of the best cycles that we are going to have. There are also some big events that are 
planned in the country in the locations that we are present in. We are also seeing some green 
shoots, as you alluded to, of international business coming in, more celebration events and some 
very high impact large city events. All of that will contribute to continue the momentum that we 
have built up in H1 and grow from the same.  
Ravi Shankar: 
And we are confident of double-digit RevPAR growth for H2 as well.  

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Sumanth Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumanth Kumar: 
So, I can understand Dubai investment is at a very attractive valuation. So, my question is, what 
is the thought process when we have a huge opportunity in India and we are entering into the 
Dubai market?  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
So, Sumanth, let me first tell you that as we have always been talking, the brand Leela is 
extremely well recognized and Dubai is a very important market for Leela, both for inbound, the 
feeder market, as well as from Leela guests who travel to Dubai, as you know.  
 
Secondly, this investment opportunity comes to us at a very attractive basis. We are getting 25% 
of ownership of the asset in one of the best locations on the beachfront in Palm Jumeirah at a 
very attractive basis, as Ankur mentioned, at 12.8 multiple of CY’25 EBITDA.  
 
Thirdly, the fee generations that we are anticipating, the management fee generation that we are 
expecting from this asset, given this location and our ability to command high ADRs and 
RevPARs in every hotel that we operate in, is going to be yielding us close to INR 55 crores to 
INR 65 crores in terms of stabilized management fee generations. And the equity comes back to 
us that we are deploying of $49 million that we spoke about earlier in two to three years through 
the sale of branded residences.  
 
So, the size of the opportunity, the location of the asset, the iconic nature, it’s brand fit in the 
market that is of great interest to us, and the investment thesis, all of those make it a very, very 
compelling opportunity for us. And we continue to evaluate opportunities. As Ravi mentioned, 
we have the capacity in our balance sheet and to continue to look at growing our portfolio to the 
best opportunity that we can.  
Ravi Shankar: 
In India?  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
In India as well.  
Sumanth Kumar: 
So, any further plan we have if we will get more opportunity we can invest in Dubai market? 
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
It is too early to say that. 
Sumanth Kumar: 
And how is the return ratio, apart from, say, going forward, if we will not get this kind of 
attractive valuation, will we invest or not?  
Ankur Gupta: 
This is Ankur. If we don't get attractive valuations, we will not invest. In any case, Leela's 
business is very largely focused on the India market and with adjacency to the source markets 
like Dubai where we can create outsized value for the business. But if you don't find attractive 

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
deals, whether it's in Dubai or anywhere else in the world, or even in India, we shall be patient 
and we shall wait.  
Sumanth Kumar: 
In the growth perspective, when we talk about India ARR growth, you have an opportunity. 
Similar kind of growth opportunity you see in Dubai market?  
Ankur Gupta: 
In this specific location, yes. In this specific opportunity, yes. You know, India growth is the 
best in the world right now. So, I can't compare macro growth always. In any case, there are lots 
of markets in India where growth is not happening. There are lots of sectors in India where 
growth is not happening. So, we believe in the particular situation where we can add value, 
where the situation deserves our attention, and where we have the potential to have outsized 
returns. So, we can't be thematic about a particular country and a particular market in a particular 
deal situation.  
 
Thematically, India hospitality, India hospitality in the luxury space is a very long-term theme, 
in our opinion. And Leela is in the best position to play that theme for a very, very long time. 
As I mentioned, adjacencies will exist both in terms of feeder markets as well as in terms of 
markets where we can expand the brand. And opportunistically, our capital, which has a very 
high return attached to it.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Murtuza Arsiwalla from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead.  
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Just on the Dubai acquisition itself, the 182 residences are currently operational sort of rooms, 
and that will be sold off. And so the EBITDA numbers that we are looking at is after that sell-
off. And again, if I were to look at the 400-odd crores of equity investment by Leela Palaces, if 
I were to simply equate that, when you talk about the two to three years of repayment through 
the sale of the residences, should I consider that equivalent to what the consideration you would 
get from sale of the villas? Is that understanding broadly in order?  
Ankur Gupta: 
On a 25% basis, yes, Murtuza, you are correct. We should be able to return the capital plus 
whatever more capital needs to be invested for the renovation work in the next three years. So, 
that money will be out and the hotel of 350 plus keys will still be owned 25% and the 
management contract on the entire estate will still belong to Leela.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Raghav Malik from Jefferies. Please go ahead.  
Raghav Malik: 
Just to follow up on the new properties, so if you could tell us a bit more about the current 
ownership of the Dubai Hotel and the reason for selling. And also just a clarification on the BKC 
projects. You said your contribution of CAPEX is INR 800 crores for 50% stake. So, is the total 
CAPEX then INR 1,600 crores for Schloss would also be 50%? Sorry, Brookfield. Is that 
correct?  

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Ravi Shankar: 
So, the CAPEX for the BKC Hotel, that is our capital contribution from both debt equity would 
be around INR 800 crores. That is 50% from the hotel side. The office side is 100% funded and 
owned by Brookfield Properties. So, they will be handling the CAPEX for the office side.  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
And on the ownership of the Dubai asset, it is owned by two families in the Middle East. They 
developed this asset in 2013 and are looking to sell it as it is in a JV and both partners want to 
exit.  
Raghav Malik: 
And just on your guidance, so you gave the mid to high-teens EBITDA growth guidance for the 
years. If we may be adjust for the rentals and other operating income that is not in the base, 
would that be may be a mid-teens guidance then for EBITDA for FY’26?  
Ravi Shankar: 
Yes. So, even the guidance that we had given was for operating EBITDA, excluding treasury 
income, we will do a mid-teens to high-teens EBITDA growth by the end of the financial year.  
Raghav Malik: 
And sorry, lastly, just on the RevPAR growth and room revenue growth, so there is a bit of a 
discrepancy, 13% and 12% respectively. So, what would that be on account of?  
Ravi Shankar: 
There is no discrepancy. You are looking at a 4% occupancy absolute growth. If you look at that 
growth will be around 6%, 7% and ADR is also around 7%, so that is 13%. Occupancy, you 
should not look at absolute. If you look at occupancy as a percentage growth, that will be 6%, 
and ADR is 7%, combination is 13% RevPAR growth.  
Raghav Malik: 
And the room revenue growth is 12%. So, that is lower than RevPAR growth, right? That's the, 
like, what is the discrepancy there?  
Ravi Shankar: 
It is a rounding off. It is a rounding off.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anuraag Bhatnagar, Whole-Time Director and CEO, for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir.  
Anuraag Bhatnagar: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for being with us for this call. As we finish the first half of the 
year, we are very excited about what lies ahead in H2 of this year. The two big announcements 
that we made in this call, the Dubai acquisition and the restructuring of BKC, really creates a 
very strong platform for us and expands our platform internationally as well.  
 
Our focus on pure play luxury, our commitment to excellence, our focus in consistently 
strengthening our luxury ecosystem through award-winning F&B, wellness, and other offerings 
considerably increases our capacity to earn premiums and charge premiums. So, thank you all 
for being there in this call and looking forward to a great H2 ahead.  

 
Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts Limited 
October 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the Management team. On behalf of Leela Palaces Hotels & Resorts 
Limited, that conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
