 
 
Date: 13th November, 2025 
 
To,  
The Manager, 
Corporate Filings Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Security Code: 532815 
The Manager, 
Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol: SMSPHARMA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 11th November, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find the attached transcript of the Conference 
Call held on Tuesday, 11th November, 2025 for the second quarter and half year ended 
30th September, 2025. 
 
A copy of the said Transcript is being uploaded on the website of the Company 
www.smspharma.com 
 
Kindly take the same on record and disseminate on your website. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours Faithfully 
 
For SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Thirumalesh Tumma 
Company Secretary 
 
 
THIRUMALESH 
TUMMA
Digitally signed by THIRUMALESH 
TUMMA 
Date: 2025.11.13 17:54:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
 
“SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VAMSI KRISHNA POTLURI – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – SMS PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
MR. LAKSHMINARAYANA TAMMINEEDI – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – SMS PHARMACEUTICALS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. THIRUMALESH TUMMA – COMPANY SECRETARY 
AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER – SMS 
PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
EXPONENT – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – SMS 
PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 7 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited Q2 and H1 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call. This conference may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as of the 
date of this time. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Today, we have with us Mr. Vamsi Krishna Potluri, Executive Director; Mr. Lakshminarayana 
Tammineedi, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Thirumalesh Tumma, Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vamsi Krishna Potluri, Executive 
Director. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on today's call. We appreciate your 
continued interest in SMS Pharma and the time you've taken to be with us this afternoon. I expect 
you had a chance to review our financial results and other investor materials uploaded to the 
stock exchanges on our website earlier.  
I'm happy to share that we've delivered another strong quarter. Our PAT grew 80% year-on-year 
to INR25.3 crores, the highest ever in a single quarter, strong revenue growth and margin 
expansion. The performance reflects our continued focus on product mix optimization, 
backward integration and achieving economies of scale.  
One of the key drivers of our performance this quarter has been the backward integration projects 
that we commissioned in the previous quarters. Operations across key intermediates have now 
stabilized and utilization levels have improved significantly. Let me take the moment to talk 
about our backward integration model because it is central to our long-term strategy.  
Over the past 12 to 18 months, we've invested close to INR150 crores to build in-house 
capabilities for critical intermediates across our API portfolio. This investment strengthens our 
cost competitiveness, improve supply chain reliability and ensure consistent quality. 
Importantly, it reduces the dependent on external suppliers, particularly from China, giving us 
better control over input costs and delivery times. 
 
In today's environment, where global customers are actively seeking dependable non-Chinese 
source. Our backward integration capabilities provide SMS a distinct and sustainable advantage. 
It has strengthened our value proposition to existing customers and is helping us expand 
customer base in the regulated markets. Alongside backward integration, R&D has been a key 
pillar of strength.  
Our R&D has delivered strong outcomes over the past few years, with successful product 
launches that continue to see a strong demand and an expanding presence in regulated market. 
A good example of how R&D translates into value creation is a joint venture with Chemo, a 
leading Spanish multinational.  

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 7 
 
Through this collaboration, we leveraged our R&D strength to develop, scale up and 
manufacture first-to-market APIs. While Chemo drive sales and marketing across Europe and 
other regulated markets. This partnership has already yielded significant success in the Anti-
diabetic segment where we were first to market in Europe and established a leading position. 
 
We are strengthening this capability further with a dedicated team of over 100 scientists today. 
We plan to double our R&D strength over the next 2 years. To date, we have filed over 120 
DMFs and aim to add around another 30 more in the next 24 to 36 months. Moving on to our 
financial performance.  
In Q2 FY '26, revenue grew 23% year-on-year to INR242.4 crores, supported by strong demand 
and market share gain across key APIs. For the first half of FY '26 revenue from operations 
reached INR438.4 crores, reflecting a 21% year-on-year growth. Gross profit rose 30% year-on-
year to INR76.8 crores with margins improving to 32%, driven by backward integration, product 
mix, economies of scale and stable pricing environment. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR48.3 crores, up 54% year-on-year with margin expanding 
to 20%. PAT for Q2 was INR25.3 crores, up 80% from last year, with margins at 10%. For the 
first half of FY '26, frac grew 50% year-on-year to INR45.8 crores supported to higher volumes, 
improved margins and lower financial costs. 
 
Let me now touch upon our segmental performance. We continue to maintain a balanced and 
diversified product mix across therapeutic areas and inflammatory and ERB segments remain 
key growth drivers, while Anti-diabetic products, our largest therapeutic category, which also 
recorded steady growth. Our segments such as Anti-epileptic and Anti-erectile dysfunction and 
emerging molecules have shown healthy traction.  
Our largest Therapeutic category together accounted for only 24% of the revenue from 
operations, underscoring our focus on maintaining the diversified product portfolio. Now 
coming over to an update on our capex. As mentioned earlier, we've commenced our INR280 
crores new capex program it remains on track for completion by November 2026.  
It will enhance the capacities for existing APIs and build capacities for new product pipeline. 
This includes a INR30 crores outlay for acquiring land for a greenfield project. Investments have 
also begun in R&D for the peptide initiatives with commercial operations targeted to begin in 
FY '29. Together, these initiatives provide a clear path for growth over the next 24 to 30 months. 
 
We enter the second half of FY '26 with a strong momentum. Our priorities remain clear: 
maintaining growth across key APIs improving profitability through backward integration and 
scale and driving further diversification with our business. We are confident of achieving our 
FY '26 targets of around 20% growth and 20% EBITDA margin.  
This translates into a net asset turnover of 1.5x among the best in the industry. Our growth will 
continue to be driven by the completed backward integration, strong R&D capabilities, advanced 
plant engineering and diversified product portfolio and price stabilization in key APIs. Thank 
you. We are now ready to answer any questions. 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 7 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Sucrit D Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. 
Sucrit D Patil: 
I have two questions on -- as more players enter the API and CRAMS space, what is SMS 
Pharma doing to build a strong edge not just through approvals or capacity, but something more 
deeper like we are working or thinking that growth over the time and makes it hard for our 
competitors to copy your model? That's my first question. I'll ask the second question later? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Thank you. So again, SMS Pharma has been in the market. Yes so just to answer to the previous 
question, so the competitive advantages are like SMS has been in the market in almost 30 years. 
And we had some very strong APIs such we are having a global position -- global leading 
position. I think the reason we were able to achieve that status because of our backward 
integration, non-dependency on external sources.  
And most of the APIs we are vertically integrated and strength on manufacturing and the cost 
competitiveness of the product. I think this is what separates SMS in some products compared 
to our competitors. And definitely, going forward, we would like to add more products to this 
category and remain more competitive going forward. This probably is our biggest strength 
there. 
Sucrit D Patil: 
My last question is about margins and cost planning. When API prices come under pressure or 
costs go up, how do you make sure the balance sheet stays stable and doesn't slip -- just curious 
to know if there is anything in your planning, like posting process tweaks or any tech is helping 
the company stay efficient without cutting any corner? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
So definitely, I think coming to margin improvements. As you see, I think though we are doing 
a capex expansion, our ROCEs have been quite well established. And since last quarters, if you 
monitor, it's been increasing our EBITDA margins and EBITDA numbers are also being 
improved. The only reason how -- why it's being improved is because of backward integration 
and definitely tweaking in process and making sure we continuously improvise the existing 
process to make sure the cost of the product is constantly coming down. 
Moderator: 
I think the participant has been dropped. 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Okay. The next question is from the line of Akhilesh Rawat from Ridhanta Vision Private 
Limited. 
Akhilesh Rawat: 
So I have two questions. My first question is on capex. Like on the INR280 crores capex plan 
for completing by -- completion by November 2026, could you update us current progress on 
cash and so far also, what revenue and EBITDA margin contribution business in the first couple 
of quarters after commissioning? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Can you talk a little away from the phone like we are getting a lot of echo. 
Akhilesh Rawat: 
Yes. So now my voice is clear? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Yes, better. 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 7 
 
Akhilesh Rawat: 
Okay. So actually, I want to ask you regarding the capex plan, like which you mentioned in the 
investor presentation that there is INR280 crores of capex in -- which will complete by 
November '26, like what's the progress so far? And how much cash you have spent? And also 
what revenue and EBITDA margin contribution do you expect in the first couple of quarters and 
after commissioning? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
So again, also with respect to this, we've just started this project. So again, it will take one year 
for the project completion. As mentioned in my speech, I think this project that we are doing is 
to expand the capacity for existing products and also to build another block new pipeline 
products coming in and a few other ancillary requirements. Also, of course, we are also 
purchasing land for a greenfield project as well. So this will be committed in November '26 and 
we are anticipating revenues coming in from FY '28. 
Akhilesh Rawat: 
Okay. And my second question is about like the customer concentration, like as H1 financial 
year '26, the largest customer is contributing 24%. So what visibility do you have on orders for 
renewables from the top 2, 3 customers for H2 financial year '26? And what steps are you taking 
to improve receivable days and reduce the working capital cycle? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
No, I think you've got that wrong. It is not a single customer. What we mentioned was our largest 
therapeutic category accounted for 24% of the revenue, not a single customer. So it is a 
therapeutic category that accounted for 24% of the revenue. So what we are trying to say is we 
are diverse. Even a single product is not crossing 50% or 60% contribution. So it is a diverse 
portfolio that we come across, which is not a single customer. 
Akhilesh Rawat: 
Okay. And like what about the receivable days and working capital reduction part? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Could you repeat that, please? 
Akhilesh Rawat: 
As your receivable days and working capital is a bit high. So like what are your plans to improve 
that on future? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Receivables is mainly increasing because of increasing our revenue, revenue from operations 
and all the receivables are in the below 10 days only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Surabhi from NV Alpha Fund Management LLP. 
Surabhi: 
My first question is regarding Ibuprofen API. We have initially mentioned that we will be doing 
5,000 tons in FY '26. So firstly, are we on track and how much of that has been done in the first 
half itself? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Could you mention that number again, please? 
Surabhi: 
You had mentioned in the earlier con call that you will be doing 5,000 tons of ibuprofen in FY 
'26. So how much of that has been done in H1 itself? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
So 5,000 tons in the sense, an average of around 450 tons per month. So right now, we are at 
almost around 350 tons number at this point of time, around -- average of around 350 tons per 
month sort of run rate. 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 7 
 
Surabhi: 
Got it. So you think you will be able to scale it up to 450 metric tons? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Yes.  
Surabhi: 
Got it. And you've also mentioned this time in the press release that 30% of gross margin 
improvement has happened from backward integration. I wanted to know how much more room 
is there to improve this and is the full benefit of the [inaudible 0:16:20] plant coming or is starting 
to come in, if you could just expand on this, please? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Yes, definitely. I think we just started in, but typically, keep a quarter of inventory with us, right? 
So the project just got commercialized a couple of months back. So just at the end of the last 
quarter, it's been commercialized. So that those -- that impact you will probably see in the next 
coming quarters. 
Surabhi: 
So, there is still room for gross margin improvement? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Absolutely. On that product, yes. 
Surabhi: 
Got it. And on this quarter, your ARV has seen good growth. And I wanted to understand how 
that will pan out for the rest of the year. And if my understanding is correct, I'm assuming ARV 
is the least margin in a greater category. So do we still want to grow that category? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Yes. So basically, ARV is not leased margin category is a moderate margin. But again, ARV for 
the next 1 year, see, as you know, ARV is tender-based, right? So based on multiple tenders 
awarded across the world, we have a couple of customers, which sort of get this product from 
us. And fortunately, our customers have our tenders, have been awarded the tenders. So going 
forward, I think for the next 3 quarters, we definitely see a very good visibility on the ARV front. 
Surabhi: 
Got it. And just one last question, if you could expand on the Anti-diabetic portfolio, right? It 
has not seen like growth this quarter. If you see year-on-year, it's hardly grown. So where do 
you see that going forward? 
Vamsi Potluri: 
See, on the Anti-diabetic segment, obviously, I think the agents have expect. See when we've 
launched the product a couple of years back, we were one of the largest and one of the first and 
the patent has just expired, and we got a big market share. Now is the patent for sitagliptin 
phosphate, which is another product has also got expired.  
So definitely, we saw more players coming in and obviously getting some market share. But 
definitely, we've been able to consolidate the market share that we currently have. And 
obviously, it'll dip slightly, but I think it should be a problem. We should be able to consolidate 
that existing market share. 
Surabhi: 
Okay. Yes. I am done with my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now would like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Vamsi Krishna Potluri for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 7 
 
Vamsi Potluri: 
Thank you. We appreciate your continued trust and interest in SMS Pharma’s journey. For any 
further information or clarifications, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations 
Partners, Exponent. Wishing you a great day ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
