 
 
 CIN : L30009GJ2003PLC043419 
                  November 18, 2025 
To,  
The Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
‘Exchange Plazza’,C-1,Block G,  
Bandra kurla complex (BKC),  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051,  
Maharashtra, India  
 
Symbol: MACPOWER  
Series:EQ  
ISIN: INE155Z01011  
 
Subject: Submission of Conference call transcript.  
 
Dear sir/ Madam,  
 
The Company had organized a conference call for the Investors on Friday, 
November 14, 2025 at 4:00 PM to discuss the financial results for the 
quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2025.  
 
The transcript of the said conference call held with the Investors is enclosed 
herewith. The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the 
website of the Company- https://macpowercnc.com/  
 
Request you to kindly take note of the same.  
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For MACPOWER CNC MACHINES LIMITED  
 
 
 
____________________ 
RUPESH J. MEHTA 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 01474523 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
Mehta 
Rupesh 
Jagdishbhai
Digitally signed 
by Mehta Rupesh 
Jagdishbhai 
Date: 2025.11.18 
14:27:28 +05'30'

 
 
 
Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
 
Q2 & H1 FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
November 14, 2025 4:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Rupesh Mehta - Chairman & Managing Director 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q2 and H1 FY26 Post-
Earnings Conference Call of Macpower CNC Machines Limited.  
 
Today on the call from the management team we have with us Mr. 
Rupesh Mehta, Chairman and Managing Director.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risk and 
uncertainty. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business and 
performance highlights for the period ended September 2025 and their 
plans for the coming year, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Over to the management team. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Good afternoon everyone. First of all, I earnestly welcome you all to 
quarter two FY26 post result conference call. We appreciate that you 
have taken out time from your busy schedule to attend this call. Thank 
you for being in this call. The financial results and presentation have 
been posted on the company's website, and hope you have had an 
opportunity to go through the same. Vinayji, congratulations. This 
presentation is the best, highest ever, just like Macpower's performance. 
So, I would quickly run you through quarter two FY26 results highlights 
first, then we will discuss more about our business. 
 
This time your company reported its revenue, EBITDA and PAT in 
quarter two FY26 which is all-time highest ever in any year-on-year or 
any quarter in history of Macpower. So in the history of Macpower, this 
quarter two is the highest ever in terms of the revenue, in terms of the 
EBITDA and in terms of the PAT. So, revenue stand at INR85.71 crore, 
growth in quarter-on-quarter at 40.45% and y-o-y 20.55%. EBITDA 
stand INR14.16 crore, grown by quarter-on-quarter 78.76% and y-o-y 
11.11%. PAT stand INR9.38 crore, grown quarter-on-quarter 105% 
almost double, and y-o-y 12.95% nearly 13%. So, this time CapEx is 
increased on quarter-on-quarter instead of INR4 crore last year, this 
quarter we added INR8 crore in this quarter for the CapEx. Therefore, 
depreciation is also increased by INR32 lakh on y-o-y due to CapEx.  
 
Machine average price is also increased to INR20.19 compared to last 
year y-o-y INR18.48 just due to some higher end product. Now 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
production capacity is also increased from 10th November, instead of 
2,000, now we have a capacity of 2,500 machines. 
 
And this time, if you can go through the presentation, we already 
mentioned this data. Pending order book is INR350 crore. Defence and 
aerospace tender business is also this year highest ever in this financial 
year. We will book the revenue highest ever in this financial year. 
Domestic bid is also submitted INR627 crore. Tender bid under 
evaluation is INR360 crore and total bid submitted INR987 crore. 
 
Some of the key points I would like to give the information about the 
new development by our R&D team. We developed the TOM Turning 
Cum Milling machine with Y-axis, 1.5 meter big machines. We already 
launched in the market. MONO 400 XL we developed. GX 100 Super 
we developed. 1066 APC automatic pallet changer and second machine 
of 5-axis machines we developed in a different design.  
 
About the Germany exhibition, the name of the exhibition is EMO 
where Macpower is first time after long years we participated in 
international show and we display our machines and technology. So we 
successfully showcased and sold few machines in the European market. 
Some orders also we received from our new foreign dealers and we are 
actively in discussion with the other dealers for different countries to 
expand a global presence.  
 
Meeting with some foreign players during the Germany exhibition for 
the technology transfer and collaboration. I would like to announce you 
that we already meet and do the MOU meeting with more than double 
digit companies from the various part of the world like Europe, Japan, 
Korea and Taiwan. So, in double digit for technology transfer and 
collaboration. From this, we selected five companies offering diverse 
product portfolio in sectors such as medical, semiconductor, EMS, die 
and mould and electronic parts manufacturing. Out of these five, we 
already signed the NDA with the three companies and the two 
companies from this -- out of five, two company’s delegation is already 
visited Macpower. 
 
Now, we are waiting for another three companies. After that we will 
select some companies from this. So we have right now good options 
for the various part of the world and various product basket. Our 
selection strategy focus on achieving multiple objectives introducing 
import substitute product for sales and service in India through our sales 
and service network and exporting our product to other countries and 
the manufacturing some of the product which India is not producing. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
Update about our new projects. I informed during the quarter one 
concall that payment would be made shortly. So now I would like to 
happily announce that we have already paid the token money for the 
land acquisitions and almost all the formalities from the government 
side is completed. I informed in my quarter one concall we expected 
acquire the land by end of December. Now, major approval from the all 
relevant department have been obtained. So same thing is here in 
December end, maybe we will receive this land. So, these are all the 
major highlights. 
 
Now, Vinayji if you have any question we can discuss. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer sessions. 
[Operator Instructions].  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, until the question queue assembles there are two interesting points 
that you have spoken about in your initial remarks. One is about the 
EMO exhibition that you attended in Germany and the second is about 
talking to international players collaboration and subsequently your 
expansion. Can you throw some more light on how this will change the 
dynamics of your business going forward? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
As we already discussed and you already mentioned in your 
presentation very nicely that now our capacity is 2,500 machines. With 
the new land we required a 30 acre minimum but our demand is more 
than 30 acre to the government. So definitely we will get the minimum 
this much land. Maybe we can get some more. So in phase one we are 
starting some backward integration component like foundries and some 
of the component which we are buying from our suppliers and supply 
chains. So, phase one we are adding another 2,500 machines capacity. 
 
So total 5,000 machine capacity will start from this new plant and now 
we have our foreign technical collaboration and joint venture types of 
discussion is going on. So maybe we will add the separate line for our 
foreign partners for their product. So these are the ideas in phase one 
and phase two is another 2,500 machines and in phase three another 
2,500. 
 
So totally, we are planning a 10,000 machines capacity we are planning 
in coming five years. And according to the demand and according to 
the requirement of our foreign partners we will construct and we will 
establish the facility. These are the major developments after new land 
development. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the first question from Mr. Dhaval Shah. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes, Rupesh bhai. Very good results. Am I audible? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, you are audible, Dhaval bhai. 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes, yes, yes. So now we are going for a big expansion plus even 
collaboration. So and we have developed newer machines, higher end 
machines. So if you can help us understand how have we progressed in 
terms of newer client acquisitions? If you can name some clients or 
without naming, which industries have we got into. So what I'm trying 
to understand is that a lot of investors I speak to and who do the plant 
visit, they generally say that a lot of large companies like to use 
machines which are made out of -- which are imported machines. Okay. 
 
So and given this CNC machine is from an investment perspective, it's 
a story of import, replacing the substitution of imports. So which are the 
clients whom we have gained, whom we have signed up the bigger 
names or the midsize SME names which we have signed up and we are 
expanding our client base to understand that how we are progressing, 
going ahead in terms of our capability, how will we be -- what are our 
plans to sell such a large capacity which we are building going forward. 
 
So 2,500 capacity we have now we are building another 2,500, next five 
years, you want to take it up to 10,000 machines. So if you can just give 
us what is your strategy to sell machines, whom are you going to sell so 
much so many machines, and everything around it? Yes. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
First of all, selling strategy and selling techniques should not be 
discussed in public platform, and we are focusing as in my last concalls, 
you, I think  attend all the concalls. First of all, we don't have capacity. 
So, we are focusing on tier 3 and tier 4. And our market share is just 
4.5% right now. Previously, it was just 4%. So we are not focusing the 
segment we are focusing on the area and client right now. 
 
But now, we are starting in last concall, I had, I think mentioned that 
we supplied and we got the good numbers of order from the big players, 
like the one biggest tire company, second is the Kirloskar.  
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Graphite India. So we have -- I think it is not good to discuss about the 
customer in this forum. 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Correct. Correct. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
But now we are focusing in tier 2 also. Previously, we are not focusing 
because their requirement is huge, their requirement is bulk. And they 
are asking for some credits and some discounts also. But we have a short 
of the production capacity. So now we are focusing and we have a good 
client base with the MNC also, I had given you the few names. So, we 
developed the graphite machining machine because now India is 
developing the graphite also. And their machining is a different type of 
the capabilities required to machine the graphite. So we already 
supplied and developed this series also. 
 
And mainly we are now focusing on the defence and aerospace. And 
right now, our major client base is tier 3 and tier 4. But for the sampling 
now every month, we are supplying double column VTL, HMC by 4 to 
6 machines. That's why compared to last year, our average price is 
gradually increasing. So with this new plant, about your import 
questions, some of your manufacturer told you about the imported 
machine they are buying. But right now, India is producing turning 
machines just like a two-wheeler, VMC machines like a car. So HMC, 
VTL and double column. This kind of machine is not that much import. 
Turning machine almost 90% India's production compared to 
consumption. VMC is almost 80%. HMC is 60% now Indian players 
are supplying. 10 years back, our market share of Indian player was just 
5%. 
 
So, it will take time 2 to 3 years because -- so still we are importing 
50%. But the 50% we are importing is India is not producing. Out of 
50%, 40% import is India is not producing. In terms of the numbers, 
India is producing 30,000 machines and import is just 4,000. But the 
value of this 4,000 is too high. Maybe INR5 crore, INR10 crore, INR3 
crore, INR2 crore like that. So, my idea is to produce this kind of the 
machines which India is not producing because of technical gap, 
technology gap and some kind of the good brands.  
 
So, we are adding these new names from foreign partners and we will 
manufacture with their design, their technical capability with the new 
plant. Right now, I'm not worried till date about it. 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
So Rupesh bhai, these 30,000 machines which India is producing, what 
will be the average selling price of those machines? 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Average selling price, I don't have that much idea. But in terms of the -
- there are so many machines. Because this  company are not 
manufacturing this. Somebody is not manufacturing this. But almost in 
terms of the consumption, we are just producing 50%. Till date, we have 
lots of opportunity. If we develop the import substitute product, then 
market is open. Because of the duty and the logistic cost, the imported 
machines price is almost 2.5 times. So India developed this kind of 
machine. That's why these foreign partners are also eagerly looking the 
India manufacturing. They don't trust China. And they are also facing 
same problem because of the cost and their European and Korean and 
Japanese manufacturing cost is three times, four times higher than us. 
 
So, that's why they are also looking the good partners in this country. 
And out of these top five players, almost everybody is busy with 
someone, either acquisition or collaboration or something. So we are 
only available right now for this kind of thing. In our development 
history, we never bought any design, we never do the collaboration and 
everything we develop with our own R&D team. So these are the ideas. 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yeah. And last question, Rupesh bhai, with growing capacity and 
bigger customers, do you think the receivable days will increase for us 
going forward? So if we see last two years, there is an increase from 33 
days to around 45, 46 days for March. So in FY25, they were around 30 
days.in March, in FY25, they have gone to around 45, 46 days. And as 
you mentioned, the bigger client wants credit and the payment terms are 
-- they want more relaxed payment terms. So going forward, should this 
be the normal or we can come back to 35 days of receivable days? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think once you focus on the defence sector, their payment terms is -- 
margin is good, but the payment terms is almost 90 days.  
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So, it may increase but I'm not worried about that. Because right now 
we have a surplus, I think if you can see we are not utilizing our cash 
credit also. So this quarter we are planning to give some kind of the 
against LC some credit to the big client and which is the normal practice 
for this industry. 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Industry. Okay. Great. And wish you good luck as the order book is 
very strong and you only have a INR130 crore inventory. And it's just 
one month into the third quarter. So shows that the growth is going to 
be very strong for second half of the current financial year. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, it is a phenomenon, Dhaval bhai. As we discussed many times 
that 40-60, first six months 40, another six months 60. This is the trend 
of this industry. 
 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes. I mean, you have done in second quarter, you've done the sales, 
which you did in the fourth quarter. Great. Thank you. Good luck. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Dhaval. We'll request the participants to limit their 
questions to two per participant. We'll take the next question from Runit 
Kapoor. Please go ahead. 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Congratulations on the great set of numbers. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much. 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
So I want to know like our order received has decreased 5% year on 
year. Like last year in Q2, we received INR93 crores of order. This year 
we received INR88 crores and like I think we had quite a few 
exhibitions in quarter one and quarter two. So what is the reason for 
that? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Maybe we executed some more compared to last quarter, if you can see 
our execution. So this time, our execution is more than last quarter. 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
No, I'm not talking execution. I'm talking of the order received like the 
new orders which came in like order of inflow. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Maybe sometimes it's because of holiday, it may be forwarded to -- if 
you can go through the six months versus six months then it's increased 
by…  So I think because of this, I have to check this. I will come back 
to you after checking the data, Runitji. If you have any second question, 
I will give you. 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
So just want to understand like in one more aspect of last year in Q3, 
we had seen some degrowth because Diwali holidays came and then 
you had not supplied for the Bangalore exhibition was there. So you had 
not supplied to certain customers. So, this year, are we expected to see 
the same or like? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think quarter three, are you asking about this quarter? 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
Yeah, quarter three. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think this is the trend of this industry. First quarter is a little bit down, 
second is up and third is also a little bit up. So as I told you, first six 
months is 40%, 45% business, second is 55% to 60% business. So this 
quarter three, I think we'll prove same kind of the figures and quarter 
four is all time high. So this time I think we are expecting INR50 crore 
EBITDA and we'll achieve this. There is no any doubt about it. 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
Quarter three is usually better than quarter two, right? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Maybe because of some holidays, maybe it's equivalent or maybe plus, 
but no doubt. 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
And lastly, I want to understand like if I see the industry right now, 
there's a demand supply shortage right now, because like if I see Jyoti 
is coming up with capacity, it will take one more year. Lokesh Machines 
has been sanctioned. So, despite that, I feel like the company has a great 
capacity, but we are being too conservative in our growth. So, why 
aren't we taking like moving to tier one, tier two clients because we 
know player like Lokesh Machines was dealing directly with auto 
companies rather than auto ancs. So I mean, a company has so much 
capability. So, why aren't we doing that? Like if we give some credit, 
we can focus more on growth. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
These are the biggest headaches to collect the payment from the tier 
three and tier four. And sometimes without margin, if you are just 
throwing the production that is also a not good strategy according to my 
experience that if you are not earning a good margin, then why to supply 
the machine to just trade the top line. I'm focusing always on the bottom 
line and the credit system we are giving right now, but not directly 
through some partners, just like some financial company, they are 
giving the loans to the customer and they will pay us after three months 
or two months. 
 
So this kind of system we are working right now and we already 
executed, but to give the credit to directly to the customer, it is a very 
dangerous thing. So that's why if you can see my five years balance 
sheet, Runitji, there is no bad debt. 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
Balance sheet is very strong, but I'm saying if you focus on tier one, tier 
two, like we can gain a market share right now because we see there's 
more demand than supply. So I mean, in terms of like it will help us 
gain market share and tier one, tier two, and we don't have a current 
borrowings also. I mean, so if you see like we can take a sort of working 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
capital loan and gain a market share for the short term that would help 
the brand image in the long term, I feel. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, there is no issue to give the credit to tier one and tier two with the 
letter of credit and we are giving right now because that is their primary 
demand. We can encash this LC anytime, but to tier three and tier four 
also we are working with some financial institute. There is no problem 
for the Runitji orders. The problem is for the executions payment 
because right now tier three and tier four customer is getting the loan 
from the PSU and bank because they are getting 25% subsidy and 
interest subsidy. That's why this month billing is jumped to next month, 
next month billing is jumped to next month. So that's why we create the 
one kind of the facility for our customer that finance institute will give 
the loans and finance institute loan is lesser than bank loan. 
 
Say for example, 7%, 8% and what they will earn? They will earn that 
finance institute will give us the PDC check for 60 days, 90 days. So, 
we are working on this to increase the billing because right now 
previously we don't have that much capacity, but now we are adding the 
capacity and that is why you can see the result in Q2. Unexpected result 
in our all time history in year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter and this 
history and journey will be continuing in coming years and coming 
quarters. 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
Thank you. The last question is what is the Nexa order book and how 
much Nexa order was executed in this quarter? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We have 27%.  
 
Runit Kapoor: 
Of the current order book is Nexa? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Already we executed. 27% executed. 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
Okay, fine. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Runit. Thank you. We'll take the next question from Khush 
Nahar. Please go ahead. 
 
Khush Nahar: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, my first question is now, 
so what would be the first the timelines to close the transaction with the 
JV partner and consequently what would be the timelines now since we 
are more confident on the new CapEx? Till when can we expect the 
revenues from the additional 2,500 machine capacity that we will have? 
So timeline on that. And second, the recent addition that we have done 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
of 500 machines, when can we -- so considering the demand and the 
order book, when do we expect this to be fully utilized? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
First, your first question for the JV, Khush bhai. We don't have that 
much rush to sign the JV right now. These all are the activity we are 
doing as a primary exercise for the new plant. 
 
Whatever the facility they require to produce the machine in plant, we 
don't have that facility in existing plant and we don't have space also. 
So we are doing everything too early because next EMO is in 2027. So 
that's why we participated. Our objective was to meet the few foreign 
bidders, foreign players for the joint venture. So we are on this way. We 
don't have that much hurry to complete this agreement. 
 
We are comparing all the products, we are comparing the terms and 
conditions, what they are thinking about investment, products, 
everything. So maybe we can finalize this thing before we are starting 
the new construction in new plant. From the new plant production, I 
think if we can start worst come worst from the next financial year in 
April or May, we can start the construction, it will take one year to 
complete the project. So, after 15 to 16 months, we can start generating 
the revenue and adding the capacity. 
 
Khush Nahar: 
Right. So on the new capacity utilization, when do we expect the 500 
units which we recently added? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
500 we already added. That premises is also in working condition right 
now and all the CapEx and the recruitment is already completed. So 
from the 10th November, we already added 500 machines. From 10th 
November, according to last five months, you can calculate our plant 
capacity for this year is 2,200 or 2,250 and next year is 2,500 because 
already seven months is passed. 
 
Khush Nahar: 
So, in FY27, we expect that optimum we can use this entire 2,500?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, 2500. And the top line may be 500 crores we can utilize.  
 
Khush Nahar: 
That will be the revenue potential.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, revenue potential. 
 
Khush Nahar: 
Okay. And sir, this average realization INR20 lakhs. So, now we expect 
this to continue considering the order book mix since we're adding more 
on the high-end machine and execution will be more on that side. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Sometimes -- right now, we don't have a separate line. So, as I told you 
Khush bhai in last concall also that if we produce INR15 lakh machines, 
then 10 numbers. If you produce INR30 lakh machines, then it is 5 
numbers. If you produce INR1 crore machine, then 10 machine capacity 
is reduced. So that's why but right now, we have a good order book from 
the Nexa. So, I think average price will continue in quarter three also. 
And maybe in quarter four, we'll increase the average price from 
INR20.19 lakhs. So, compared to last year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter, 
we already increased the average price. But this journey may show the 
more increment in average price. 
 
Khush Nahar: 
Right, sir. Pretty good to hear. And sir, lastly what was the expenses for 
the Germany exhibition? Because I think that other expenses have an 
effect of that. It has increased more than that. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
That's a good question. That is, it's already in this quarter two balance. 
It is 1.5 plus 25. So, INR1.5 crore to INR2 crore in between INR1.5 
crore to INR2 crore is the expense. It's already booked in the quarter 
two. 
 
Khush Nahar: 
Correct. And sir lastly, any guidance if you would like to give for '26 
and going ahead, considering we have the capacity now, 2,500 units, 
what kind of CAGR, revenue and sustainable EBITDA margins we can 
see considering order book and capacity? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So, same thing as last year, we had already discussed that 20% to 30% 
growth in year-on-year. So, same growth we are expecting maybe 25%, 
maybe 30% in this financial year. And same planning we are doing for 
the next financial year for 25% to 30% growth. And after that, you can 
understand once your new project will be in operation, we can add the 
more revenues.  
 
Khush Nahar: 
And then margins will be sustainable… 
 
Moderator: 
Khush, may I request you to rejoin the queue, please? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Margin may be slightly increased because there is no big exhibitions 
and the revenue may will try to keep the remaining minimum same and 
there is no other expense in this quarter. So this year, margin will be 
also increased in a quarter-on-quarter.  
 
Khush Nahar: 
Thank you so much. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Khush. I request the participants to limit the questions to 
two. We will take the next question from Prateek Kothari. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Prateek Kothari: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much, Prateek bhai.  
 
Prateek Kothari: 
And so I just wanted to ask you about our bidding pipeline. You know 
what is the expected timelines for receiving any awards and what are 
we expecting in terms of conversion ratio? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Sometimes -- I think average is I think 12% to 13% whatever you had 
given the quotation. Maybe it is another thing is forwarded in a next 
quarter. But normally, these are the practice to submit the quotation. 
But sometimes in your Mumbai city, nobody wants the quotation. In 
first meeting, they finalize. They don't have that much time. They have 
already all the companies and all the references, all the job throughout. 
They have done all the exercise before they are inviting to the sales 
people. So some cities are not asking for the quotation. Directly they 
invite and they select the model compared to your competitor and your 
model. And then finally, they discuss about technical, commercial and 
the deliveries.  
 
So, whatever the quotation and bid we had submitted, that is not that 
much criteria to receive the numbers of order. But whatever the 
projection our sales team is giving region to region and branch to 
branch. So every week, we have a weekly meeting where they are 
submitting their strong inquiry who are in the buying platform. And 
according to that data, we projected the order received in this month or 
this quarter. 
 
Prateek Kothari: 
Right, sir. Sir, and on our capital strategy, just wanted to understand, 
given now that we are at advanced stages of receiving the land parcel, 
plus we are expecting, like you mentioned, a 25%, 30% growth rate, 
which will also have maybe in the future, some defence orders. And 
defence orders typically 90 to 180 day timeline is also there. So how we 
are expecting -- are we expecting to raise any equity or do some dilution 
to raise some funds to look at our future growth? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
For the working capital, we have a INR30 crores cash credit. We are 
not utilizing that credit only for the bank guarantee and LC for the 
import component. So because it's 90 days, 120 days credit, so that's 
why utilizing the bank guarantee and this LC. We have a INR30 crore 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
CC facility available with us. Maybe we'll use this CC facility if we 
require the cash flow.  
 
And second thing is, our renewal is due. So we are adding the INR20 
crores new facility. If in this kind of we get the good bulk order and the 
credit system will be 90 days, 100 days, so we can utilize this working 
capital. But in this kind of the scenario, many times it's happened that 
your outstanding is more than 30 days or 40 days. That time our 90% 
supplier will support to the company that your payment you can give us 
after four months, five months, six months, whenever is possible. But 
in emergency, we have a good credit facility right now, as you know, 
that your company is debt-free company. And we rarely use our 
working capital, but to get the growth, as somebody told me, Runitji, 
that why we are not giving the credit to get the tier two or tier one 
customer. So, we are doing on this thing, but I don't think so for cash 
flow, we have any problem.  
 
So for fundraise also, we are not thinking for the new plant also. In 
phase one, we will get the debt, because right now we have zero debt. 
So first phase, we will complete our first phase from the debt, or maybe 
our foreign collaboration company required some stake, we will give it 
to them as a strategical partner. But right now, we are thinking and 
creating the project report for the SIDBI or our bank. 
 
Prateek Kothari: 
Understood, sir. And sir, any estimate on the CapEx for this phase? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Phase one, we are expecting INR125 crore including land. 
 
Prateek Kothari: 
Understood, sir. All the best, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Prateek. We'll take the next question from CA Garvit. 
Please go ahead. We'll move on to Mr. Tushar Gupta. Please go ahead. 
 
Tushar Gupta: 
Hello, sir. Sir, how we are looking into demand coming from 
automobile sector as there is too much sales from automobile? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think, Tusharji, you analysis people are very well known about the 
automobile market. After reducing the 10% GST, from my data, there 
is no inventory available with the leading player of auto manufacture 
and auto component manufactures. Because you can see the jump on 
October business in the automobile market. So it's good growth in the 
automobile market right now. And there is one new policy as yesterday 
government announced for the capital goods and I think for the 
industries, INR45,000 crore for the exporters. So when we are 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
exporting, and we already start exporting, so this kind of benefit is 
government giving. So automobile industries will, I think, grow by 
good numbers in this quarter and this year. 
 
Tushar Gupta: 
Okay, sir. That's nice. And one more thing, you are talking about car 
case business. Is there any update on that? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We are discussing with two big giant players for the car case business. 
So when we have an extra spare capacity in new plant, so we can supply 
the car case. We'll start the sampling in a quarter four and after that in 
their bulk requirement will we fulfil by the new plants. 
 
Tushar Gupta: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. That’s it from my side. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Tushar. So we'll take the next question from Samarth 
Nagpal. Please go ahead.  
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Hi, Rupesh sir. How are you? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Welcome Samarthji. I am good. How are you? 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
I am great, sir. Sir, congratulations for a great set in this quarter. I just 
wanted one clarity. What is our target for the order book by this year 
end? Last year there was IMTEX etc., also. So what closing are we 
looking at? Only on the order book for next year.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
This year there is no IMTEX. But my target is to close between 300 to 
330 and definitely achieve INR50 crore EBITDA. This is more our 
executions plan rather than order book. We do not worry about order 
book at any time. We are worried about supply chain because we are 
maintaining more than 19,000 component inventory. So, in one 
machine, more than 1,000 component we are adding. So, supply chain, 
man power, and customer fund, the payment system. We are focusing 
on this. So, this year, we are targeting this much amount. 
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Okay, sir. Sir, second, I think we have 2,500 machines and the 
expansion will happen when it happens, when we get the land. So I think 
business wise, the business is going in the direction of become a big 
business. So leadership team or within the company, the talent in the 
industry, is there anything being established in the leadership team? Sir, 
any idea? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In leadership, I have four Vice President level people. In HR team, I 
have almost 15 people. CA, CS, QMS, Quality Management System.  

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
So, there are lots of seniors already. And we are adding. But mainly, we 
are adding technology design side, automation side, and IOT 4.0 side. 
And the rest we need is technology. We will do that after the new plant. 
So it's a very basic practice. Without that, you can't reach this level. So, 
here the biggest challenge is talent, skill and retention program. So we 
have many good programs. 
 
Recently, we have started a clinic, for free. We get 25 patients daily. 
Their families and employees get medical and health care check-ups, 
injury check-ups. So we have to do many things. Food is free. Transport 
is free. Uniform is free. Insurance is free. So these are the normal 
practices, Samarthji.  
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Sir, the last small question I have, whenever the land is announced, 
there will be a design phase, whatever the CapEx we want to do, we 
will have to do a design, that we want to do INR100 crore CapEx, 
INR125 crores. That designing will be after the land allotment or that 
work has started, because that will also take 3, 4 months of time, how 
the factory has to be designed, the first phase. So has that 
implementation started or we will wait for the closing? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We won't do it now, because on what basis and what angle, it is too 
early. In designing, the basic requirements are already there. We will 
hire consultants and give them work. So they will ask for the big fees 
also. Once we have the idea of peer’s companies' infrastructure or 
foreign companies' infrastructure, their needs, videos, our needs, we 
have the preparation for that. But in professional architects’ team, we 
can also do that in the current trend of Turnkey basis, in which you will 
get 12, 15 months with penalty they will give you the keys in hand, that 
idea is fine. If you make the designing and civil separate, it will take too 
much time. So we will move ahead with big companies who work on 
projects, in which design to handover the keys is our own idea.  
 
Samarth Nagpal: 
Okay sir. All right, Rupesh sir. I will fall back in the queue. And 
congratulations sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Samarth. We will take the next question from Shrey Gandhi. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Shrey Gandhi: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. Most of my question got already answered but just a small 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
colour if you can give on the tech transfer which you have entered into 
with European companies and Japanese companies in the exhibition. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Shrey bhai, I am not getting your voice. Can you please repeat your 
question? 
 
Shrey Gandhi: 
I just have a small question on the tech transfer which you have done 
with few foreign companies in the recent exhibition. If you can share 
some colour on that. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, that we cannot discuss because we already signed the NDA with 
everyone and we have not selected any of them. I told you that some of 
the Japan, Germany maybe Europe and Korea. We already discussed 
with the 10. Out of that we shortlisted 5, and 3 companies came forward 
for NDA and now we are waiting for another 2 companies. Otherwise, 
from this 5 we will select 1. Some of the things I think it is not good to 
share in this public platform. 
 
Shrey Gandhi: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. That's all from my side. All the best for your 
future growth. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Shrey. We will take the next question from Arnav Sakhuja. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. My first question is I think on 
the call you had mentioned something along the lines of 25%, 30% 
growth as a guidance. So just to clarify are you talking about revenue 
growth or volume growth or what was it? I didn't fully catch that. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Arnavji, this is revenue growth. I am giving you the indication 
according to our order book and now plant capacity. And there is no 
much more extra cost. Right now there is no big exhibition in this Q3 
and Q4. So I think margin-wise also same growth we will achieve. I 
give you the indication about EBITDA, that INR50 crores. So compared 
to last year, if you can go through. So in terms of EBITDA, in terms of 
PAT, because we are adding the more CapEx. So our depreciation cost 
is increased as our friends suggest about the credit. So our little bit 
financial cost may be increased. But then also 20%, 30% growth we are 
expecting in terms of the EBITDA, PAT and top line. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Right, and you were also mentioning that in that additional 7,500 units 
that you would like to develop over the next 5 years. We are also 
looking at backward integration with components like foundry. So is 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
there a significant margin saving that we can have through this 
backward integration? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Definitely because when you are buying from the other suppliers and 
when you are manufacturing everything in-house. So definitely your 
manufacturing cost and your EBITDA margin will increase because 
there is no logistic cost. We can reduce the rejections and you can save 
your assembly time also and simultaneously your margin will improve. 
So definitely, we can get the sustainable growth in the margin also after 
new plant and we can increase our EBITDA margin. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Okay. Congratulations and best luck. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Arnav. We will take the next question from Sarosh Sethna. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Sarosh Sethna 
Hi, good afternoon sir. Can you hear me? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Good afternoon Saroshji. 
 
Sarosh Sethna 
Sir, I just had a question regarding your now getting into the aerospace 
and defence sector as well. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Saroshji, you are doing right now some kind of difficult component 
from the ballast part industries and the medical industries. For 
aerospace and I think for aerospace and aeronautics component, mostly 
people are using 90% imported machines. They are not using India's 
machines. This is a trend in India when we started manufacturing 
horizontal machining centre, first year, second year our market share -- 
I am talking about Indian place. It's just 5%, 10%. Now, horizontal 
machining centre, we are almost 60% to 70% domestic. So creditability, 
reliability and people doesn’t want to take the big risks. So this market 
is growing in coming 5 years. This market is not that much grown for 
the domestic players. So that's why if we have any joint venture and 
proper infrastructure from the new plant and then and then you have to 
focus on aeronautic industries.  
 
Right now, we are focusing on tier 2, tier 3 supplier for the aeronautic 
component but directly to supply the machines is right now not possible 
with our capacity also and with our capability also. 
 
Sarosh Sethna 
Right, okay. So in the last quarter, you had mentioned that you have 
gotten to an MOU with the Gujarat government. I just wanted to know 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
if there was -- is there any update on this or like what you said, you still 
can't -- you can't manufacture. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I already, I think, informed in my speech and in some of the questions 
that we already paid the token charges and now we with this MOU only, 
they are offering. And in December end, I think we'll get the allotment. 
Maybe it can extend to January. They have 14 January, 15 January, they 
have vibrant Gujarat in Gandhi Nagar. So maybe they invite us in 
Gandhi Nagar to hand over this document but I'm expecting in 
December, maybe they can hand over in front of the thousands of people 
in the vibrant Gujarat show. 
 
Sarosh Sethna 
Okay, so production for this, we'll begin once. I'm sorry, I'm a little 
confused on this that's why I'm asking you about this. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I'm talking about the MOU with the Gujarat government for the 
manufacturing of the defence and aeronautics and aerospace and 
defence policy. So they will give this kind of the facility to us and we 
already completed all the parameters and we already paid the amount 
also. 
 
Sarosh Sethna 
Okay, so then it'll take you about 15 months to set up the facility and 
then you can start production? Is that it? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
After receiving, I think I'm targeting 12 months but maybe with this 
kind of our Indian facilities available, it may give us 13 months to 15 
months maximum but we will give the contract to the contract 
manufacturing company who can hand over us in 12 months. 
 
Sarosh Sethna 
Okay, sir. I look forward to interacting with you in the next quarter to 
see what you have about this. Thank you. All the best, sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sarosh. Sir, we'll take the next question from Kamal 
Jeswani. Please go ahead. 
 
Kamal Jeswani 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the 
good set of numbers. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much, Kamalji. Thank you very much. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Kamal Jeswani 
Sorry if there's a repetition. I got disconnected in between. What is the 
capacity utilization of our plant which is like, I think 2,500 is the current 
capacity, right? What is the capacity utilization? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think with the 2,000 machines, we produced almost 85% machines 
and we are keeping some running model in our warehouses in various 
branches and in our ready inventory also because right now we are 
getting 10% to 12% customer who required the machine in same day. 
So some of the fastest moving model we are keeping in our inventory. 
We have more than 100 plus ready machines inventory and we are 
refilling that. So in terms of the production, we are utilizing right now 
85%. 
 
Kamal Jeswani 
Got it. Thank you. And secondly, regarding the CapEx of this INR125 
crore which we are planning, how are we planning to fund this through 
internal accruals or we are going for...? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
For new planning, Kamalji, it is INR125 crore and we are going to get 
the debt from the SIDBI or our bank and in phase one maybe we 
completed our strategic partner from foreign global partner. So maybe 
we can give some stake as a technology partner as a strategic partner. 
But right now we are not planning to raise the fund in phase one for the 
new expansion. 
 
Kamal Jeswani 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kamal. Sir, we will take the last follow-up question from 
Khush Nahar. Please go ahead. 
 
Khush Nahar: 
Thank you for the opportunity again, sir. Sir, could you tell us the 
number of machines we sold in Q2 and in Q1 FY26? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We mentioned this figure in our presentation and in concall also but it 
is helping our peers' company to mapping the area-wise and total 
number of machine-wise. So you can calculate the revenue versus 
average price.  
 
Khush Nahar: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Khush. Sir, since that was the last question, would you like 
to give any closing comments? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much, Mohsinji. Thank you very much, Team Kaptify 
and Vinayji for making the excellent presentation. I think this time your 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 14, 2025 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
presentation for Q2 is same like our result, the all-time best presentation 
you Kaptify team prepared. And thank you very much everyone for 
joining in Q2 result and I hope that in Q3 we'll meet again for the same 
kind of success story we'll discuss and thank you very much everyone. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you to the management team and thank you to 
all the participants for joining on this call. This brings us to the end of 
today's conference call. Thank you. 
