AWL Agri Business Ltd. 
Formerly known as Adani Wilmar Ltd. 
Fortune House 
Nr Navrangpura Railway Crossing, 
Ahmedabad 380 009, Gujarat, India  
CIN: L15146GJ1999PLC035320 
Tel +91 79 2645 5650 
Fax +91 79 2645 5621 
info@awl.in 
www.awl.in  
Registered Oﬃce: Fortune House, Nr Navrangpura Railway Crossing, Ahmedabad 380 009, Gujarat, India  
Ref No: AWL/SECT/2025-2026/67 
 
November 7, 2025 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543458 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla-Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: AWL 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call of Q2 of F.Y. 26 of AWL Agri Business Limited (Formerly known 
as Adani Wilmar Limited) (“the Company’) 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated November 4, 2025 regarding audio recording of 
Q2 F.Y.26 Earnings call held on November 4, 2025. Please ﬁnd attached transcript of the Earnings 
Call.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For AWL Agri Business Limited 
(formerly known as Adani Wilmar Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Darshil Lakhia 
Company Secretary 
M. No: A20217 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A\NL 
Agri business 
For a healthy growing nation 
Darshil 
Mayank 
Lakhia
Digitally signed 
by Darshil Mayank 
Lakhia 
Date: 2025.11.07 
12:04:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“AWL Agri Business Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 04, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANGSHU MALLICK – EXECUTIVE DEPUTY 
CHAIRMAN – AWL AGRI BUSINESS LIMITED 
 
MR. SHRIKANT KANHERE – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AWL AGRI 
BUSINESS LIMITED 
 
MR. SAUMIN SHETH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – AWL AGRI BUSINESS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. PANKAJ GOYAL – INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – AWL AGRI BUSINESS LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHIRAJ MISTRY – ICICI SECURITIES 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to AWL Agri Business Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
AWL 
Agribusiness 
AWL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dhiraj Mistry from ICICI Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Mistry. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Hi. Good morning, everyone. I would like to thank the management of AWL Agri to 
give this opportunity to host this call. From the management, we have with us Mr. 
Angshu Mallick, Executive Deputy Chairman; Mr. Shrikant Kanhere, MD and CEO; 
Mr. Saumin Sheth, Executive Director and COO; and Mr. Pankaj Goyal, Interim CFO. 
Over to you, sir. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes. Thank you very much, Mr. Mistry. A very warm welcome and very warm good 
morning to all the participants who are joining the call. I'll take you through a quick 
deck just to talk about the performance of the company for the quarter 2 as well as H1. 
For the quarter 2, we delivered a volume of 1.68 million versus Q1 volume of 1.58 
million, which gives us a sequential volume growth of 7% and year-on-year volume 
growth of 2%. 
EBITDA, we were able to deliver plus of INR600 crores against INR572 crores of Q1. 
That is also a sequential growth of 7% in EBITDA. And as far as the year-on-year is 
concerned, the degrowth of 9%. Last year been exceptional and had some cyclical 
gains of the commodity cycle we had last year. That's why it is negative on year-on-
year.  
And on the PAT, INR245 crores consolidated PAT against INR238 crores of last 
quarter, a sequential growth of 3% and 21% degrowth when we look at the PAT of 
INR311 crores for the same quarter last year. The strong sequential momentum was, 
in fact, suggestive of the fact that now the sluggishness in the demand that we saw in 
the Q1 and to some extent, Q2 is now recovering as the edible oil price is now getting 
to a normalized level. 
When we look at the half year number, more or less similar kind of trend what we had 
in Q2. On H1, we delivered a total volume of 3.26 million against 3.31 million of last 
year. That is kind of flattish growth. As far as the EBITDA is concerned, delivered 
EBITDA close to INR1,200 crores against INR1,300 crores of last year, that is 
degrowth of 13%.  
And on PAT, the consolidated PAT at INR483 crores against INR624 crores of last 
year, that is a degrowth of 23%. On per tonne, in fact, we were able to deliver what we 
have been saying in our earlier calls as well as a lot of communication with the 
investing community. We have been able to deliver a gross margin of plus of 
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
INR11,000 per tonne and also an EBITDA of plus of INR3,500 per tonne on H1 as 
well as Q2.  
In terms of the market context, for this oil year, what we are seeing is the imports 
actually are flattish. In fact, when we look at overall import, they have reduced by -- 
they have degrown by 3%. However, one phenomena which is hitting the industry 
quite for some time is the imports from the Nepal with which the India has got a 
SAFTA agreement.  
And the oil coming from Nepal because Nepal has got a differential duty plus the oil 
which comes from Nepal has got a differential duty structure and it is cheaper than in 
general edible oil that companies import. So that is hitting hard as far as the imports 
are concerned, and that's why the imports have degrown to that extent. 
Now Nepal import is close to 12% of overall import that India is going to reduce, 
particularly for the soya. And most of the import from Nepal is actually coming in the 
pack form, which is again something very not good for the industry as a whole.  
Crude oil prices trend, I think finally, we are seeing the trends which are very 
normalized kind of trend where the palm is sitting at the low, the cheapest oil today 
and sun is the costliest oil today. However, the only thing which is still not settling is 
the spread between the palm and soya, which is quite low at this point of time. And of 
course, this is also having some kind of impact on, in general, the demand for the soya 
packed oil. 
Just to give a glimpse of how the industry is performing, I mean, the source for this 
data is, of course, Nielsen. Edible oil grew by 1% in the quarter 2 and similarly, I think, 
1% for the Q1 also. So that is -- that's what we have seen for the entire half. The growth 
in edible oil has not been seen.  
And this is -- we can also put some reason to this for a grammage play that has been 
happening in this industry for -- since last year or so, where the grammage packed -- 
the pouch, the typical pouch in which edible oil normally gets sold today, and it's one 
of the highest selling SKU might be for most of the pack players, now getting packed 
with a content of even 720, 750 grams kind of SKU sizes against the 910 standard size 
which used to be earlier. 
So this is also playing to some extent. I'm not putting everything on the grammage 
play, but the industry -- what the point I'm trying to play around here is there is a 
sluggishness in the edible oil industry, which we have seen in the H1. Wheat flour 
grew by 4% and 7% in Q1 and Q2. Similarly, Basmati has also got a growth of single 
-- mid-single digit for the H1.  
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
The other data point, which is suggestive of the fact that the growth or the demand is 
sluggish for pack food product is recently, last week, a data released by Ministry of 
Statistics, MoSPI, suggests that particularly in the fast-moving consumer goods, the 
non-durable fast-moving consumer good in which the edible oil and all the packed 
staple and food comes in is actually contracting. 
So the data suggests that FY '23 and FY '24, this industry grew by 3.4% and 1.4%, 
respectively. However, for FY '25, it contracted by 2.7% and for the H1 of FY '26, it 
contracted by 0.8%. So this is again suggesting some sluggishness.  
But I think -- but having said that, all this data is suggesting only for the H1, I think 
now India has entered into H2, which is more happening half for India, given the fact 
that most of the festivities in India falls in this half, starting from Diwali till Holi. And 
we are quite hopeful that this scenario will change as we go forward. 
On the business update, as I said, read out in the first slide, we delivered 1.68 million 
tonnes of volume, which is 2% growth year-on-year. However, if we normalize this 
volume with the government to government export business that we had last year, 
which was a onetime business which we did. It is a one-time opportunity that, in fact, 
came to us.  
If we normalize with that, I think the total volume growth instead of 2% will be 4%. 
And revenue growth is plus of 20% for us. And of course, the revenue growth is driven 
by high commodity prices. The other highlight for the performance during the quarter, 
of course, remains an alternate channel. We remain quite optimistic and excited about 
this channel. 
Now alternate channel is clocking on LTM basis, which is last 12 months, September 
'25 has clocked more than INR4,400 crores of revenue, and it is growing very fast in 
which quick commerce is growing more than 80%, 85% for us. Branded export, again, 
is something which is very exciting for us. Last year, we started some activities around 
it, and it has been growing this particular basket grew by now 37% on LTM basis for 
the September '25. 
In general, the edible oil highlights, I would only highlight one thing. The volume 
growth of 2%. However, when we look at a 3-year CAGR for the edible oil, it is at 7%, 
and that's what we target to achieve, which is mid-single-digit growth in edible oil as 
we go forward. Revenue of 26% growth is more from the high prices. PBT of INR171 
crores, 55% drop as compared to last year, and this has got a couple of reasons.  
Of course -- One is, of course, the low volume itself. And second, of course, is we had 
some interest -- additional interest charges or finance charges, which we have to bear 
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
in the P&L because the kind of demand which we had planned -- basis which the 
procurement was happened, we couldn't see that demand, and therefore, there was 
some bump up in the working capital leading to higher interest costs, which was 
absorbed in this particular quarter. 
However, the working capital levels will get normalized in next quarter, and we will 
see the benefit of the inventory, which is procured earlier finally delivering in the next 
quarter. The other thing, of course, is in our scheme of the things, you will always have 
some kind of cyclical plus and minus, gains and losses, which gets translated to the 
next quarter or which gets preponed to this quarter. So that's -- putting that impact, I 
think the edible oil, we have been able to deliver the reasonably good number in terms 
of volume as well as the bottom.  
When we talk about the food and FMCG, the degrowth of 10% on the volume, we did 
close to 320,000 tonnes of volume. However, if we normalize this again by the 
government-to-government business of rice export last year we had, I think this 10% 
will go off and it will look like a flattish growth in the food segment. So that's how it 
looks like.  
The flattish growth is also coming from a fact that we -- in this particular quarter, we 
saw a lot of competition, particularly in the wheat flour coming in from the small 
regional players. But I think that is only a short-term phenomenon. The companies like 
us, I think it is only a quarter phenomenon. And as we go forward, we should be able 
to recover from this and should give a better growth on the food basket. 
The earnings or a PBT is a good story again. We delivered a profit of INR56 crores on 
entire food basket, which earlier used to be an EBITDA neutral kind of thing. And of 
course, on a full year basis, we -- on a H1 basis, we delivered INR132 crores.  
When we look at the market share, we have been able to recover our market share in 
the basmati rice. When we look at the quarter number Jan-September '24 to Jan-
September '25, similar period, market share has gone up from 7.3% to 7.7% in the 
basmati. Wheat flour, we were able to maintain our market share at 5.5%. 
As we go forward, we should be able to consolidate this market share from here. Our 
other food products are doing good. The sugar recorded 20% percent plus kind of 
growth. Poha recorded 30% plus kind of growth. Soya nuggets, which is one of the 
hero product in our food basket in terms of the margin profile, actually marginally 
declined. I mean the reason for that is, in fact, we were growing till August.  
The entire impact came only in September because this is the product in our overall 
category, which has got an impact of the GST 2.0, where the GST was reduced from 
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
18% to 5%. So immediately after the announcement by the Finance Minister, the 
offtake from the market was slowed down and everyone -- the trade in general was 
waiting for the GST to come in play before start ordering. And that was the reason why 
the soya nuggets was -- declined marginally. I think as we go forward in the next 
quarter, it should be recovered fully. 
Industry Essential, again, good story for us. We grew by 20% on volumes, 3-year 
CAGR of 8% and we delivered one of the best margins for this particular segment, 
more driven coming from the Oleo business. We had some positive commodity cycle 
playing in this particular segment, particularly for the glycerine and the soap noodles. 
So this is a good story for us. I think normalized profits are also should continue as we 
look at to the next quarter. On subsidiaries, I talk a little bit on GD Foods, which we 
acquired in April. 
I think it is too short a time to call out the numbers. But I think we have been able to 
deliver a reasonably good number. We have grown by 8% on volumes and 4% on 
revenue. GD also has got a significant impact because of the GST 2.0 because most of 
-- in fact, all the products of the GD Foods actually moved from 18% to 5%. So we -- 
in the H2, in fact, we should see a lot of demand coming in and this company growing 
in double digit on volume as well as revenue. We have done a lot of work around 
distribution, leveraging AWL’s distribution to see that this company grows. 
In fact, in the month of August and September, we did a lot of combo offers along with 
our Atta for Tops product, including sauces and jams, which was -- which received a 
very good response from the market. Bangladesh, finally, things are looking good. We 
had a very bad last 2 years, '23 and '24. 
Now this year, it is improving. The business environment in the country has improved. 
We have been able to get some traction now, although the volumes declined only 
because we are now strictly committing ourselves to only branded volumes rather than 
selling the loose also. And that's the reason why the volumes declined. 
However, on the profitability, we have been able to show the positive number in this 
country. On channels, general trade, I will not talk too much. I think most exciting 
channel for us remains alternate channel. Alternate channel grew by 35% for us in Q2, 
in which quick comm actually grew by 86%. And when we look at market share of 
AWL in Qcomm in most of the products, our market share is significantly high.  
Soya oil, we are commanding more than 50% of market share. Mustard oil, we are 
commanding more than 40% of market share in this particular channel. So it's a good 
developing story for us. And as we go forward, I think India will be doing more and 
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
more purchasing on these channels, and we are doing a lot of efforts around this and 
activities around this to see that this channel continues to grow. 
On distribution, we continued our efforts to grow the distribution. Now as end of 
September '25, we are reaching close to 900,000 outlets directly, though our aim is to 
reach to 1 million outlets. In urban towns, more than 1 lakh plus population, I think we 
are reaching every town. So it's 100% coverage of more than 1 lakh population town.  
Rural town, which is something which we are working on, now we have close to 
58,000 in our fold, which is up by close to 8,000 towns from March '25 and significant 
growth since March '20 when we were reaching only in the 3,000-plus kind of towns. 
So this is it from my side as far as the performance update is concerned, I think I took 
a little more time. But anyway, I'll leave it. Now I'll request moderator to open the floor 
for question and answer. Myself, Mr. Mallick and Saumin and Pankaj are here to 
answer your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Raghav Maheswari with Kamayakya Wealth Management. 
Raghav Maheswari: 
I wanted to ask about the -- my question was about the margins actually. Like in the 
presentation, it was mentioned a couple of times that it was due to a higher base effect. 
Apart from that, when we are analyzing, let's say, on a COGS basis on your revenue. 
So last year's COGS was approximately 87% of your revenue. And this year, it was 
88.5%. So where do we see these margins stabilizing? When do you see these margins 
stabilizing? Are we at the bottom right now? And I would want to know your opinion 
on that. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes, so what I'll -- in fact, what I will guide you is better in our scheme of the things, 
instead of looking at anything as a percentage of revenue, I think my suggestion to you 
is that you should look at a per tonne basis because in our scheme of the things, revenue 
goes haywire sometimes because of the commodity prices. So therefore, not 
necessarily the COGS may set in terms of the percentage or EBITDA may set in terms 
of the percentage. 
What you should be looking at is the gross margins and the EBITDA. So on an overall 
level, I think what the benchmark that we follow and has been guiding all the investing 
community is that the gross margin should be in the range of INR11,000 a tonne and 
EBITDA of INR3,500 a tonne and we are there as far as this quarter is concerned. 
However, having said that, last year, it was a quite significantly higher number.  
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
And the reason for that we have been explaining is that last year, we had a couple of 
good commodity cycle gains and inventory gains, which were sitting in last year's 
number. And last year number is an exceptional number and not a representative 
number as such. So that's what you should keep in mind when you do the calculation, 
I think then you should be able to get a better understanding of this. 
Raghav Maheswari: 
Understood, sir. And any future guidance that you can provide us? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
The future guidance, I think, remains same. I think the run rate at which we are today 
running, which is close to INR11,000 a tonne of gross margins and INR3,500 tonne of 
EBITDA per tonne, we should continue to deliver that. I don't see any risk as such in 
delivering that in H2. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Harit Kapoor with Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
I just had a couple of questions. One was on the industry essentials piece. So if you 
could just give a little bit more detail, the H1 has actually been quite good. And I think 
you mentioned that Oleo has kind of driven this growth. So how much of the share of 
Industry Essentials now is oleochemicals?  
And how different currently are the margins for oleo versus, say, castor and de-oiled 
cakes in your mix? The idea here is just to understand that what can be a sustainable 
kind of a per tonne number that we should look at? I know it is volatile, but oleo is 
relatively lesser volatility. So just if you could explain Q2 1H as well as the outlook. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes, Harit, I think on Industry Essentials, there are 3 subsegments to it. One is, of 
course, oleo as mentioned by you. Second is the castor oil and third is your de-oiled 
cakes and meals with improved rapeseed meal and of course, the soyabean. This 
quarter number, of course, is driven more from oleo. And as I said in my opening 
remarks that we had some good calls on -- particularly for the glycerin and the stearic 
acid. 
So those are the things which has actually given us an exceptionally good number. 
However, having said that, the reasonable number for the industry essential overall 
rather, I would put because many a time what happens is you also have a good run in 
the de-oiled cake also.  
But overall, what we look at is similar to what is our overall number, which is close to 
11,000 tonnes of gross margin and close to 3,000 tonnes of EBITDA. So in this 
EBITDA is a little less, so you can configure that way if you really want to build a 
model on Industry Essentials per se. 
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
The other thing was on edible oil. Now you very clearly mentioned how the pricing 
trend has worked for the different oils. And also that H1 from an industry volume 
perspective has been quite low. I was just trying to get your sense about how do you 
foresee H2? Do you see that because of these differences in pricing that palm oil will 
continue to be -- the palm oil piece will continue to be under pressure. And from your 
perspective, palm oil is a reasonable mix. So do you expect that there is an 
improvement in the volume growth for H2 here or because of this palm oil prices still 
being pretty firm versus soya, there will be an impact. So just wanted to get your 
thoughts on that. 
Angshu Mallick: 
Okay. See, on -- in H1, you have seen our rupee value turnover has increased by almost 
22% plus. That is mainly driven by the higher edible oil prices. And this has impacted 
consumption. So going forward, what changes we are seeing is that palm prices, which 
were higher in the beginning of the year has now come down, and it is at the lower 
level, which normally it should be. Soyabean is priced very close to palm, soya and 
palm will always be same level. 
Sunflower is a little high now. But after November, it is likely to come down after the 
harvest season and the new processing starts in Russia and Ukraine from October, 
November. Now with the GST cut, most of the namkeen, frying, bakery, these -- all 
these products, the taxes are now at 5%. We expect a jump in consumption of snack 
foods, particularly fried items, namkeens and bakery products.  
When this happens, obviously, edible oil is an integral part of these products. So edible 
oil consumption is likely to go up through this route. And we being one of the largest 
institutional suppliers to all the institutions in the country, obviously, we see higher 
consumption in the out-of-home consumption segment. 
Now as far as in-the-home consumption is concerned, marriage season, better agri 
production expected. Of course, rains has impacted in large part of the country. But 
still, overall, the agriculture production should be better. But more important is the rabi 
crop that will come up now, wheat, mustard seed and chana, 3 major crops, which will 
be harvested in February, March.  
If that crop comes up well, obviously, the rural consumption is likely to be more. H2 
is always almost 60% of the consumption and H1 is 40%. So that is how we look at 
consumption. So I think H2 should be much more better. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pallavi with Sameeksha.  
Pallavi: 
Yes, thank you for taking my question. I wanted to understand… 
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
We cannot hear you. Your voice is breaking. Can you come in the range and talk? 
Pallavi: 
Yes. Sir, I wanted to understand the difference for the Nepal issue, what's the difference 
in import duty for the loose and the pack form of oil? And how do we see this getting 
resolved in the second half for the industry? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Okay. As far as Nepal is concerned, they don't export any loose oil. As per the SAFTA 
agreement, they can export after only value addition. And they are exporting only in 
pack form, mostly in 600 or 700 gram pouches. And that also 90% is soyabean oil. 
Now they export at 0% duty. And there is a differential duty because we import and 
pay 16.5%, whereas Nepal brings at 0. So obviously, Nepal has a pricing advantage 
over domestic production, one. 
Two, all the bordering areas of Nepal, particularly UP, Bihar, Jharkhand, Bengal are 
all in the proximity of Nepal in terms of freight because our nearest port is Haldia. 
From Haldia, if I have to send to UP, our freights are higher than Nepal. So technically 
speaking, Nepal has a lot of advantage. And that is why almost 15% of Indian soyabean 
oil imports comes now from Nepal at 0% duty. 
Pallavi: 
So sir, has this increased over last year and caused the disruption? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, last year, it started with around 90,000 a month when the duty went up in India in 
September. But then in month of May, the duty was reduced by 10%. So some impact 
happened. But still today, 60,000, 65,000 tonnes is coming every month. 
Pallavi: 
So this problem will continue into the second half also in terms of impacting our 
volumes? 
Angshu Mallick: 
It looks like it will continue because as per the SAFTA agreement, I don't think there 
is much the government can do, although we, as a trade body has been asking the 
government to put some channelizing agencies so that there is some restriction in terms 
of the quality and value addition, which once it was agreed, but nothing much has 
moved. 
Pallavi: 
Sir, my second question was on the margins in the Q commerce. Are they similar to 
GT or they are lower given the discounting? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, earlier, e-commerce margins were much higher than general trade. But slowly, 
what is happening in e-commerce also, there is a lot of pressure to promote and keep 
your brand on top of mind on the consumers. And as you know, there is a lot of 
competition in the e-comm also, not within the oil segment, I'm talking, between 
FMCG products, there is a competition.  
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
So the Atta brand may push Atta, oil may do oil, chocolates may do chocolates, but 
then the e-commerce generally promotes it through whoever gives them more money. 
So e-commerce is still better in margin, but it used to give us even better margin than 
general trade, which is now, I would say, at par or a little more than general trade. 
Pallavi: 
And sir, my last question is what would be the share of institutional sales for our oil 
business percentage? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Today, overall oil, we sell to institutions almost 20% of our total volume, mainly to 
big institutions like Parle, Britannia, Nestlé, Mondelez, KFC, then you have Haldiram, 
Bikaji, Balaji, all these types of institutions for frying oil, for bakery products, for 
value-added sunflower oil and soyabean oil. 
Pallavi: 
Right, sir. Sir, then it's difficult to understand the 2% decline, I mean, for volumes 
given institutional, I thought that would be larger and that's why the consumers are not. 
Angshu Mallick: 
No, institutions also were not doing so well in the first half of the year, and they had 
got impacted in September also because after the announcement of cut, their sales also 
were -- their productions were actually stopped for some time because they wanted to 
clear their old stocks. So the first half institutions were under pressure, particularly Q1. 
But going forward, with the GST rationalization and coming down to 5%, a lot of 
unbranded products will now get into the official fold, and we expect brands, good 
brands to do even better. 
Pallavi: 
Last question is on the market share loss that you've seen around 100 bps, 17% in the 
oil. Is that -- will that reverse? And what would be the reason? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See, we are very strong in North India, particularly Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, UP, Bihar, 
Bengal, Jharkhand. These are our strength areas, and these are the areas where the 
Nepal low-cost soyabean oil has impacted. And we being the largest player. And let 
me tell you, we have over 50% market share in Bihar, over 55%, 60% in Delhi, 60% 
in Haryana, Punjab. So obviously, we being the largest shareholder, there, we got 
impacted because of the cheaper Nepalese brands. 
Pallavi: 
Right. And Nepal share would be how much in the market share the Nepal oil. 
Angshu Mallick: 
I think Nepal oil put together is in the range of around 2%, 3% overall market. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Kunal Shah with Jefferies. 
Kunal Shah: 
So my first question was on this data point which you have provided, which is your 
stand-alone sales -- branded sales in foods grew 7%. So, I just wanted to understand, 
does this include regional rice as well? Because I presume there will be some 
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
branded component in that. And if yes, what would be the growth if you take out that 
factor as well? So just like-for-like growth. 
Angshu Mallick: 
These are all branded packed food that we are talking of, and the growth has mainly 
come from basmati rice, sugar and wheat flour in the Q2. 
Kunal Shah: 
But would this number also have some impact due to regional rice consolidation, or 
this wouldn't be.  
Angshu Mallick:  
But regional rice, if you look at the packed regional rice, branded is always less. Mostly 
it is all exported or G2G, what was happening last year. This year, we have exported 
regional rice, but the volumes are not as high as last year. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
So Kunal, to answer your question straight, yes, regional rice rationalization does have 
an impact on the food growth, including the G2G one-time business, which we had. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. So for this number to improve, the key drivers will be, let's say, 
improvement in wheat flour and soya chunk, right, on a, let's say, on the next few 
quarters. 
Angshu Mallick: 
Yes, of course. Wheat flour, sugar, rice, all have to grow. I mean wheat flour and rice 
has got a significantly 60%, 65% weightage in our food basket. So these 2 has to grow. 
There is no doubt about it. Sugar has also has become quite a significant player in our 
overall scheme because we are selling 5,000 tonnes a month of sugar. So of course, all 
these 3 has to grow to deliver better numbers in H2. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. And if you can give some guidance on -- do you think the H2 food growth 
should be back to your long-term guidance of that mid-teens sort of a number. Or that 
would be a bit aspirational? 
Angshu Mallick: 
I think so, yes, because second half, we did not have any G2G business. It was normal 
business and H2 should be as good or even better than last year's second half. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. Okay. So that's clear. My second question is on oils. So when you say 
overall profitability will remain in that INR3,500, INR3,600 mark, would it be fair to 
assume that oils can see better number, which will get reinvested in foods or we can't 
look at it that way? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Yes. I think you -- that's how it will work because whatever the INR3,500 guidance 
we give, we give on a blended this thing. And I think in our presentation, we have 
shared the EBITDAs segment-wise. So yes, oil has to deliver better than INR3,500 
because food is not at that level. So that's how the scheme of the things should work in 
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
H2. In case you want anything specific, we will certainly provide you the segment-
wise also. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. And this question on Nepal. So I just want to understand, is oil a domestic 
crop in Nepal? Or I mean, do these players import it themselves and then we export it 
to India? 
Angshu Mallick: 
No, no, they don't have any domestic crop. What they do is that they import degummed 
soyabean oil from Argentina like the way we all do at Haldia port. And from Haldia 
port, they take it to the Birganj, where all the plants are located there, and then they 
refine and bring it back to India. And mostly the border states are impacted heavily 
because you know it's a very transparent border. And that border is also Raxaul border 
or any border that you take are part of the domestic consumption market, and that is 
why it has impacted a lot. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Dhiraj Mistry with ICICI Securities. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
So yes, it's very interesting that you highlighted that there would be backed growth for 
the FMCG part of the portfolio. But if I remember correctly, a couple of years back, 
you stated that you would be achieving INR10,000 crores at least in FY '27 or so. So 
with all this G2G business rationalization and everything, do we still stand with 
INR10,000 crores in FY '27 or it can be pushed a bit? 
Angshu Mallick: 
If we look at our volume growth, we should grow at 20% food. First half has been a 
little low because of the G2G. If you remove that, we are still in the growth phase. 
Second half onwards looks like much better. And going ahead, we have another 18 
months to touch INR10,000 crores. So we are working on it. We are aware of it that 
we had said mentioned INR10,000 crores, but we will be very close to it for sure. We 
are on it, and we know that we have to deliver. 
We are banking on Gohana plant now getting streamlined. Rice has just started in 
Gohana, both the lines. So we have around 500 tonne paddy processing daily. Our flour 
mill is not yet ready. It will be ready by end of November. That has a capacity of around 
550 tonnes a day. So that flour will be added to the volume. So these 2 plants, plus we 
have taken a few more Atta plants, which are coming up in Odisha and Bihar, which 
we will add to our volume. Overall, overall, I think with the increase in capacity of the 
food, we should be able to reach very close to 10,000. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
This you are talking about by FY '27? 
Angshu Mallick: 
FY '27. Absolutely. 
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. Okay. And it's very heartening to see that you have improved your margin for 
the food business with all this rationalization. Would you like to give some guidance 
for your FMCG business margin going ahead? It should -- or is it safe to assume that 
the current margin what you have been clocking in the foods and FMCG business, it 
is safe to assume that we can assume that kind of margin going ahead as well. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
No. So if I have to answer you this question very straight, I don't think -- see, as Mr. 
Mallick said, the aggression to grow top line will remain in the next couple of years. 
So therefore, not necessarily that we may be able to deliver what we have -- what we 
have delivered in H1, right?  
Don't assume safely that this will be the margin because in case we want to accelerate 
that growth, we may end up spending a little more on distribution and schemes and 
promotion. But I think we are now EBITDA positive. In the food, I think we will 
remain EBITDA positive. That's the only thing which I can surely comment upon. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. Got it. And second is on edible oil. Sorry for very near-term outlook and all. 
But with a high base of palm oil prices have been coming in the base and everything, 
can we -- what kind of volume value mix we can expect for the oil business in second 
half? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See the oil business in second half will be driven more in the soft oil category because 
as winter sets in, the soft oil category grows, mainly sunflower oil, soyabean oil, cotton 
seed oil, rice bran oil and mustard oil. These are the 5 oils, which are soft oil, where 
the consumption is higher in the winter.  
Palm will grow because, one, flying industry will go to palm as palm will be the 
cheapest oil, number one. Number two, bakery industry obviously takes palm. And 
hence, palm oil should do well in institution business. But in-home consumption, soft 
oil will do well. So overall, I feel the mix will be more or less same, but soft oil should 
be a little more. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
I was asking from volume and value perspective that the first half value growth was 
somewhere around 26% and volume was more or less flattish kind of a thing. With that 
-- how that numbers will pan out for second half? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Okay. See, on value front, honestly, not much we can do duty increase or decrease by 
government or exchange rate. All this happens or commodity prices going up and 
down. So value, we don't generally track so meticulously as much as we do cost per 
tonne.  
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Second is as volume is concerned, H2 volume is normally higher than H1, and we 
expect H2 volume to be better. Low single digit of 5%, 6% should be a good growth 
that we should get because the country is not consuming even more than 1%. Imports 
are down by 3%, but H2 should be still better. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. And value would be more or less kind of a flattish kind of a thing with the high 
base of last year? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Yes, yes, yes. Unless anything drastic happens or any supply chain disruptions or 
government intervenes and increases the duty tomorrow by 10% or 15%, obviously, 
prices will go up. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. And any outlook on margin for second half in oil business? Is it 
safe to assume? Or you would like to highlight something different? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
No, I think our normal run rate of 3,500, we should continue on EBITDA. And 
similarly, the blended gross margins of 11,000 tonnes -- INR11,000 a tonne. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Raghav Maheswari with Kamayakya Wealth 
Management. 
Raghav Maheswari: 
So just to understand the thing which you highlighted earlier regarding the Nepal 
imports of edible oil. So like you mentioned, overall 12% of soya imports of India is 
getting accounted for by Nepal imports. So as far as the company is concerned, like 
what percentage of market share decline has AWL Agri Business seen due to this 
particular thing? If you can quantify that, if it's possible or a range? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Okay. See, Nepal, everything comes in pouch, 85%, 90% in pouch, and 10% in 15 kilo 
tins. So they directly compete with the Indian brands in mainly the states of UP, Bihar, 
Bengal, Jharkhand. Now we have over 50% market share in all these states. So what 
happens is that our 2 brands, King's and Fortune, both has to compete with these 
cheaper brands and cheaper means they are 0% duty. So obviously, they are much 
cheaper. 
Today, if you -- on cost to cost, it is around INR15 per liter cheaper than Indian brands. 
So obviously, the roadside stalls, hotels, dhabas, all these people have started 
consuming Nepalese oil. We are largest shareholders, obviously, we have got a hit and 
our soyabean market share has dropped by almost 2.5%, 3%. That is why at all India 
level in refined oil consumer pack, we have lost share of around 50 basis points. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Niharika Karnani with CapGrow Capital. 
AVVL 
Agribusiness 

 
 
AWL Agri Business Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Niharika Karnani: 
Just one question from my end. So in the food and FMCG segment, we spoke about 
margin thing. So top line expansion would be there aggressively by spending more on 
distribution. So I wanted to understand when do we see this segment contributing 
meaningfully towards margin? And overall for the company, what steps are being 
taken to drive margin expansion? 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
See, I think what we have been saying for quite some time is that this segment will 
remain an EBITDA neutral for some time, though if you look at our past couple of 
quarters, we have been actually EBITDA positive on this segment. But having said 
that, we will remain aggressive on spending to grow.  
And therefore, our sense is that not before FY '28, we should start contributing really 
meaningful to the bottom line because by only by that time, FY '28 means what I'm 
saying is practically 3 years from now because right now, we are into FY '26, then you 
have a '27 and then '28. That's where it will start contributing meaningfully to the 
bottom line, and I think better than oil rather, I would say. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We have reached the end 
of question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Yes. From AWL team, we thank you, everyone, for attending the call, hearing us. 
Please do reach out to our Investor Relations team for anything specific you want to 
understand on the company and company model. Thank you. 
Angshu Mallick: 
Thank you, everyone, who have joined this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of AWL Agri Business and ICICI Securities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
AVVL 
Agribusiness 
