यूको बैंक 
 
UCO BANK 
सम्मान आपके विश्वास का 
Honours Your Trust 
________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
UCO Bank, Finance Department, Head Office, 3rd Floor, 02, India Exchange Place, Kolkata – 700 001 
Phone: 033 - 44557227,    E-mail: hosgr.calcutta@ucobank.co.in 
Follow UCO Bank on Twitter: UCOBankOfficial; Facebook: Official.UCOBank; Instagram: Official.ucobank; 
LinkedIn: UCO BANK; You Tube: UCO Bank Official 
 
HO/Finance/Share/174/2025-26                                                        Date: 24.10.2025 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                  
“Exchange Plaza”                                                      
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)                        
Mumbai – 400 051                                                      
NSE Scrip Symbol: UCOBANK 
 
 
Madam/ Dear Sir 
 
 
Re: Transcript of Post Earnings Call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit the transcript of the Post Earnings Call with 
Analysts held on October 17, 2025. 
 
The transcript is enclosed herewith and has also been uploaded on the Bank’s 
website. It can be accessed through the following link: 
 
  Transcript – Q2 FY26 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record and disseminate. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For UCO Bank  
 
 
(Vikash Gupta) 
Company Secretary 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532505 
2, 
India 
E 
UCO 
Exchang 
Bank 
Placas 
Vikash 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Vikash Gupta 
Date: 2025.10.24 
16:02:04 +05'30'

Page | 1  
 
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL RESULTS – Q2 FY26  
Post Earnings Call with Analysts 
Date  
17.10.2025 
Time 
03:00 pm 
Mode  Virtual (Webex) 
 
 
 
Bank’s Senior Management is represented by : 
 
1. Mr. Ashwani Kumar, Managing Director & CEO 
 
2. Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo, Executive Director 
 
3. Mr. Vijay N Kamble, Executive Director 
 
 
Moderator : M/s Antique Stock Broking Limited 
 
 
     
 
TRANSCRIPT 

Page | 2  
 
− Moderator: 
− Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to UCO Bank Q2FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call. It is my pleasure to introduce to you the senior management of UCO Bank. 
We have with us today Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD and CEO; Mr. Rajendra 
Kumar Saboo - Executive Director; Mr. Vijay N. Kamble - Executive Director; and 
other members of the management team from UCO Bank. We will have the 
opening remarks from the MD sir, post which we will be open to questions. Over 
to you, sir.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank:  
− Thank you. I welcome you all analysts and investors, to this post-September 
quarterly results call of UCO Bank. Along with me, I have our EDs, Mr. Saboo 
and Mr. Kamble; the top management team, including CFO, CRO, and all other 
executives.  
− First of all, I welcome you all to this Analyst Meet. Just to give you a brief on the 
bank's performance in this quarter and half-year ended September '25: Business 
of the bank grew by 13.23%, of which deposit growth was 10.85% and credit 
growth was 16.56%. CASA Deposit grew by 9.53%, Savings growth was 7.50%, 
and Current deposit growth was 23.94%. We were able to maintain CASA at 
38.11%, and the guidance for CASA given was 37-38%. Consistently, our CASA 
has been in the range of 37-38% for the last almost 2 years. 
− When we look at our credit growth, within the credit, our RAM growth, Retail, 
Agri, MSME put together, grew by 22.87%. Within the RAM, Retail growth was 
25.4%, and Retail growth was supported by housing loan growth of 18.94%, 
vehicle loan growth of 72.87%, and agriculture was 17.28% growth, and MSME 
grew by 23.8%. Our RAM percentage increased to 65.23% of the total advances.  
− Now, coming to the profitability parameters, our Operating Profit for the quarter 
ended September '25 stood at Rs. 1,613 crore, registering a growth of 12.64%. Net 
Profit stood at Rs. 620 crores with a growth of 3% on a YoY basis. Our Operating 
Profit growth and Net Profit was supported by growth in Net Interest Income 
the growth of which was 10.08% for the quarter ended September '25 and fee-
based income growth was also more than 10% on Q-o-Q basis.  
− Our Net Interest Margin, global, stood at 2.90%, and domestic NIM stood at 
3.08%. This NIM is calculated excluding one-time interest income of Rs. 107 
crores, which was realized in a TWO account. This was an exceptional item, so 
that has been excluded. If that is included, our global NIM and domestic NIM 
improves by more than 15 bps.  

Page | 3  
 
− Now, coming to asset quality, our Gross NPA has reduced by 62 bps on a YoY 
basis to 2.56%, and Net NPA has reduced by 30 bps on a YoY basis to 0.43%. Our 
PCR further improved to 96.99%; tangible PCR excluding TWO improved to 
83.68% as against 77.65% the year before.  
− Total recovery and upgradation for the quarter ended was Rs. 792 crores, and 
previous quarter it was Rs. 756 crores. For the half-year ended, total recovery and 
upgradation was Rs. 1,548 crores against a full-year target of Rs. 2,200 to Rs. 
2,700 guidance we had given. 
− Now, coming to the slippage ratio, the slippage ratio for the quarter ended 
September '25 was 0.26%; annualized, it was 1.05%. It is again within the 
guidance given of 1% to 1.25%. When we look at the slippage, slippages are 
mainly this quarter from agriculture, Rs. 238 crores, basically because of the KCC 
portfolio. Half-yearly there is a phenomenon; last year also, same quarter it was 
Rs. 206 crores; this quarter it is Rs. 238 crores. Apart from that, the slippages are 
under control, and overall slippage ratio remains within the guidance given by 
the bank.  
− When we look at SMA position more than Rs.1 crore, and all three categories 
SMA 0, 1, and 2 more than 1 crore, put together is Rs. 1,790 crores, and that 
works out to 0.77% of our total advances.  
− When we look at restructured portfolio, our restructured portfolio has been 
consistently coming down. Normal restructured portfolio as per RBI guidance, 
September '24, it was Rs. 2,786 crores; now it has come down to Rs. 1,501 crores, 
which works out to be 0.65% of the total advances. Apart from that, COVID-19 
restructured portfolio, that was Rs. 1,718 crores in September '24; it has come 
down to Rs. 1,283 crores in September’25, that is again substantial reduction is 
there. So, overall restructured portfolio, both the schemes put together, is Rs. 
2,784 crores only.  
− Then, coming to our key financial ratios, our cost of deposit has been contained, 
and it has come down from 4.88% in September '24 to 4.73% in September '25. 
Though our CASA is around 38%, but we are able to manage our cost of deposit 
well by managing our liquidity on an ongoing basis.  
− Similarly, our cost of fund also has come down by 22 bps over one year from 
4.79% to 4.57%. Cost-to-income ratio, which used to be very high at once upon a 
time at around 61%, has been consistently coming down; now it is 52.79% in this 
quarter.  

Page | 4  
 
− Our yield on advances on domestic is now at 8.39%; yield on investment is 
6.85%; it has improved from the last quarter. 
− Our business per employee has also improved from Rs. 22 crores a year before to 
Rs. 25 crores. Business per branch has also improved from Rs. 145 crores to Rs. 
161 crores in this year. If we include the exceptional income of Rs. 107 crores i.e. 
one-time interest income of Rs. 107 crores in this, while calculating our yield on 
advances or NIM, our yield on advances stood at 8.25% as against 8.06%, and 
NIM global would stand at 3.03% as against 2.90%, and yield on advances 
domestic would stand at 8.60% as against 8.39%, and NIM domestic would stand 
at 3.23% as against 3.08%. So, in all these parameters there’s a considerable 
improvement.  
− Now, coming to the capital adequacy ratio of the bank, capital adequacy ratio of 
the bank has been consistently strong, and this quarter also without adding 
profitability for the half year ended September ’25, our capital adequacy ratio 
stood at 17.89%, and with tier 1 capital of 15.90%.  
− CD ratio has improved to 75.47% as against 71.77% a year before. So there is an 
improvement in the CD ratio as well, and this CD ratio is again within the 
guidance we have given at the start of the year.  
− Most of the parameters, whatever guidance we have given at the beginning of 
the year in business performance, as deposit growth, target guidance was 10% to 
12%; our achievement is 10.85%. Credit growth our guidance was 12% to 14%; 
achievement is 16.56%. CASA percentage was 37% to 38%; achievement is 
38.11%. RAM percentage we projected 61% to 63%; we have achieved 65%. CD 
ratio was in the guidance of 75% to 77%; we had 75.47%. Credit cost less than 1%; 
our credit cost is 0.72%. NIM global was 3% to 3.10%, which we have revised to 
2.8% to 2.9% in view of the sharp reduction in repo rate by Reserve Bank of 
India; that now we started 2.90%. Gross NPA our year-end projection is at 2.50%; 
we have already reached 2.56%, and we are poised to improve to below 2.50% by 
the year-end. Net NPA our guidance was less than 0.35%; we have already 
reached 0.43%. We are still two quarters, and we are confident that we will be 
achieving this Net NPA ratio also. Total slippage ratio was also 1% to 1.25%; now 
our ratio is 1.05%. Recovery and upgradation our guidance was 2,200 to 2,700; 
achievement is 1,548 crores. So, these all are the financial performance 
parameters of the bank which I wanted to highlight in this forum. 
− Now, I will come to the various initiatives the bank has taken and which are 
under pipeline. And you all know that we started Project Parivartan, a digital 
transformation in last year September, and till now we have already digitized 27 

Page | 5  
 
digital journeys across Retail, MSME, Agri, and all liability products. 5 more 
journeys are in pipeline. The bank's total digital business has reached Rs.10,554 
crores as on 30th  September 2025. Our mobile banking users have increased from 
14 lakh in March '23 to 57 lakh in September '25. Our mobile banking rating, 
mobile banking app rating on Google Play Store has improved, and it is 
consistently now at 4.8. Our mobile banking channels are available 24x7 for all 
activities with regard to transfers or payment or liquidation of FDR or premature 
FDR or payment of FDRs—anything.  
− We introduced tab banking in the last financial year in March to all the branches. 
Today, around 57% of our accounts are opened through tab banking in the 
branches. WhatsApp banking was also launched last year. Today, when we 
speak, WhatsApp banking user base has increased to 15 lakh, and now we are 
offering 46 services in five languages: Hindi, English, Bengali, Assamese, and 
Odiya to our customers. Many new features have been added: positive pay 
system, re-KYC, Aparajita debit card issuance, account balance in Sukanya 
Samriddhi, and STP journey lines. Many more features are planned in WhatsApp 
banking in the near future.  
− In mobile banking, we have launched beneficiary lookup, and for the 
convenience of our customers to book slot. So, slot booking option has been 
given in the mobile banking also. Re-KYC has also been introduced through 
ATMs also. We have introduced Eterna Metal Card for HNI customers. 250 new 
ATMs have been installed, and 59 recyclers have been installed. We have started 
API gateway and API integration with number of corporates. Last year, we 
started with CBDC, which has now become operational, and now CBDC app for 
the Android customers is already launched. And we have also migrated to the 
new website to the new domain i.e. .bank.in as per the direction of the Reserve 
Bank of India.  
− In IT, number of new initiatives are also planned which are underway in this 
half-year, coming half-year, and the next year, like performance monitoring 
software, cyber security vault, near DR at Kolkata, robotic process automation, 
omni-channel interoperable credit, cardless cash withdrawal, and Android 
ATMs.More functionalities will be added in the CBDC. Face authentication for 
quick reset that will be added. So, against that budget of around Rs.1,000 crores 
which we have kept for the IT enhancement, Rs.270 odd crores has already been 
spent; another 300-odd crores is in pipeline; may be by December, we will be 
spending that also. So that is also on track.  
− Now, various other initiatives are being planned which are underway: that is 
Murex Treasury solution, which we started last year; now it is going to be live in 

Page | 6  
 
the next quarter by December. We have also planned to launch our CASA back 
office for onboarding of new customers. DMS is already on way. Consolidation 
of data centre is already in process. Video KYC will be launched soon. We are 
also launching Capital Market Cell for various activities. Tie-up with various 
mutual funds are being explored to the boost our fee-based income. Branch 
expansion plan which is approved by a board, we are now planning to have 150 
more branches by March. We are aggressively working for the improvement of 
our branch ambience and tie-up with various OEMs to boost our Retail, Agri, 
and MSME outreach. Omni-channel experience, omni-channel project is also 
underway, and maybe by next year that should be up and running to give a 
uniform experience across channels to our customers.  
− Plus, on that employee side also, a lot of initiatives are being taken. Bank is 
recruiting more and more skilled manpower to support the new realities of 
today's world, like in IT, digital, and also in cyber security. AI/ML-driven 
grievance redressal system is being introduced; we have already created AI/ML 
cell, and now we are exploring use cases where we can use AI/ML in a big way. 
To enhance our customer service, we have revamped our Uday chatbot also with 
live agent and balance inquiry, mini statement, etc. IVR system has been 
upgraded to 35 services with priority option for senior citizens, NRI, CKYC 
information. Employee-specific feedback has been introduced to understand the 
behavior or the services rendered by our staff members. Priority services have 
been flagged for divyangjan customers. We have also integrated with the RBI 
MuleHunter to combat this mule account problem. Integration with I4C has also 
been completed. We have already launched 8-digit toll-free number in line with 
RBI guidelines, government guidelines. Integration has been completed with the 
suspect registry also. API has been linked with DoT for MNRL and FRI usage. 
Enhanced enterprise fraud risk management for proactive transaction 
monitoring has been done.  
− So, these are the number of initiatives which the bank has already initiated and 
are in pipeline, which we will be seeing light of the day in the next quarter and 
next year also. So, these were the few thoughts I thought before we open up, I 
must share with you all. So, now we are open for your question-answer or your 
observations, which our team is there to respond to your queries. Thank you 
very much. 
− Question & Answer Session: 
− Moderator: 

Page | 7  
 
− Thank you, sir. Participants who wish to ask a question, please raise your hands. 
The first question that we have is from Ashok Ajmera. 
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− Good afternoon, sir. Ashwani sir, Vijaykumar sir, Saboo sir, and the entire top 
management team sitting there. First of all, yes, compliments for yet another 
good quarter. Both on the profitability front as well as the asset quality front, 
there are a lot of improvements. Having said that, and of course you have 
maintained even that little bit of CASA has also gone up, which is under 
pressure in some of the other banks, even this percentage-wise. So they are all 
very good points. My major point which generally comes to my attention is, 
number one is the credit growth. Though on annualized basis you are talking 
about 16.56%, but if you look at the current FY26, now 6 months have already 
gone, and we are still at about, I think, 10,000 crores or something. Only plus 
30,000 crore more is required to be sanctioned and disbursed to meet your target 
of 14% on this. So, on the credit front, this half-year has been comparatively 
slower if you talk about the entire FY26 end results. So, your views on that. And 
what is the sanction pipeline, and how are we going to meet, and whether we are 
going to… Because in our corporate book also there is a fall in this quarter by 
about, I think, 4,000 crores.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Yes.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− Are we again looking at rebuilding the corporate from here to meet the shortfall 
as well as also to increase the Corporate book, or you are going to continue to 
have the Retail book only? So, your thoughts and planning on that. 
− My second question is on the SMA 1 and 2: you have made a provision of Rs.462 
crores. So, what has gone into this calculation? Because SMA 1 and 2 is around 
Rs.970 crores something. So, on that, the provision you have made is Rs.462 
crores as per your note in the accounts, above 1 crore. So, on the overall picture 
on the ECL, what kind of calculations have you done, and what will be required 
to be to meet these guidelines, and whether we are within the comfortable zone 
for that? So, some light if you can throw on that. 
− Another one is on the income and expenditure front: our income in this quarter 
has gone down; non-interest income has gone down because mainly the Treasury 
income has gone down from 198 crores to 104 crores this quarter, and the 

Page | 8  
 
recovery from written-off account is also about 45–50 crores lower than the last 
quarter. Because of that, I think the non-interest income is under pressure in this 
quarter.  
− Another thing which I would like to know is that we have a recovery through the 
NCLT resolution of 104 crores in this quarter. So, can you throw some light on 
that also, and what are the recovery prospects in the remaining two quarters on 
that? 
− And similarly, on that one SR, there is a note of the government security NARCL 
that 274 crore applied revised norms. So, on 274 crores SR, you have applied the 
revised norms. So, how much in absolute terms, any effect has come into P&L in 
this quarter because of that? That is note number 19. 
− So, these are some of my data points at which I ask, and some of the observations 
on which I seek your comments.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you, Ajmera ji. I think most pertinent and relevant observations made by 
you. See, so far as credit growth is concerned, you will find that our Retail, Agri, 
MSME is growing well. In Corporate, we have de-grown. And if you look at our 
Corporate where we have de-grown, if you go a little deeper into that, more than 
Rs.2,000 crores is from PSU segment. So, basically that is because of the yield 
pressure. So, when we wanted to give them at a higher price, they had the option 
of taking it at a lower price from some other competitive banks or peer banks. So, 
we did not agree to the lower pricing, and we thought that instead of bringing 
our NIMs under pressure, it is better to not go for a top-line growth without 
having any margins in the yield. So, that was the intent, and because of that 
only… and there were certain IBPC which were there, which became due for 
payment, but we did not agree for the pricing which they were offering. So, now 
the balance sheet is totally free of IBPC; there is no IBPC outstanding as on date. 
So, because of this only, there was a de-growth. But if you look at previous 
quarters, every time there was a growth in Corporate credit book also.  
− And so far as the next half-year is concerned, let me also tell you that around 
17,000 to 18,000 crores sanctioned pipeline is there. It is again subject to 
agreement on the pricing. If we agree to the pricing or corporates agree to the 
pricing, we will be able to lend them. Otherwise, we look for more and more new 
opportunities, which are now, I think, available in the market in various 
renewable segments, your data centre, your battery swap segment, this smart 
metering. So, a number of opportunities are there in the market where we are 
targeting new business opportunities.  

Page | 9  
 
− The second was about the ECL. See, if you look at our June, we have already 
made some provision on SMA 1 and 2 book of 189 crores, and 190 crores of 
forward-looking provision was there. So, it is nothing, but we have clubbed that 
towards ECL. We have not done any calculation. It is same thing. Some 
additional provision has been made on the book. So, next quarter, we'll be doing 
a detailed exercise, and then we'll be allocating it to different segments like Stage 
1 and Stage 1, like that we will be doing in the next quarter. We'll start doing. But 
our intent is that before the new norms kick in, we'll have at least baseline 
provisioning required, baseline provisioning for different, different… So, that 
baseline provisioning should be available within the bank.  
− If you look at our SMA 1 book, it's more than 1 crore. More than 1 crores, one 
book is around 1,700 crore only more than 01 to all. So, 01 to 1,790 crores, I think 
this much is only…  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− Yes.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank:  
− Yeah, Rs.1,720 crore. So, per se, this provision is applicable to the entire portfolio, 
and even below 1 crore also we'll be spreading it, so that next quarter we'll be 
doing a detailed exercise. This quarter we have just clubbed it and marked it 
towards ECL going forward.  
− Yes, Treasury non-interest income, if you look at fee-based income, there is a 
growth in fee-based income. But because of Treasury and write-off recovery, you 
can see. Every quarter we cannot have same set of recoveries, that whatever we 
recovered. If you remember in March, we had a bumper recovery from one 
account, and that helped us to register a good amount of total overall recovery 
and a good amount of profitability also. So, that is the reason we have already 
reduced our target of recovery because that was expected in this last quarter.  
− But if you look at overall recovery, including upgradation, recovery, and written-
off, we are well within our guidance given, right? In spite of our slight reduction 
in Treasury income and in non-interest income, our Operating Profit has grown. 
So, that clearly shows that other channels have participated maybe NII or fee-
based income. That's what led to the growth in our operating profit also.  
− Regarding that SR note, I think if you can explain.  
 

Page | 10  
 
− Management - UCO Bank: 
− This SR is basically a government-guaranteed line with the RBI guidelines. This 
275 crore pertaining to government-guaranteed SRs has been deducted from the 
capital. So, accordingly, the capital positions has been reduced.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− So, no impact during the quarter on anything in P&L? No, nothing in P&L. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− No, no impact on P&L. Yeah.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− And that NCLT recovery of Rs.104 crore through the resolution has come this 
time.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank:  
− Yes. Yes, that is, I think in a few accounts it has come, and two accounts are 
already in pipeline where maybe in the next quarter, we'll get some recovery. It's 
five accounts, and through resolution, it has come Rs.104 crores. Other than 
Rs.104 crores, it is through a SARFAESI action or normal recovery or 
upgradation. So, out of total recovery of Rs.758 crores, which we have reported 
as Rs. 792 crore. Out of Rs.792 crore, only Rs.104 crore is through NCLT. Other 
recoveries are through SARFAESI actions or recovery and upgradation efforts by 
the branches.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− And sir, one point on this, our DTA. Because of the carry-forward losses, and we 
have a huge DTA even now also, I think of Rs.5,258 crores as reported in note no 
7. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank:  
− Yes.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− But with this kind of profitability, which we are having 620-650 crores per 
quarter, means maybe around 2,800 or 3,000 crores maybe for the whole year. So, 
is there any calculation done that by what time we can go under the new regime 
of taxation by setting off the entire DTA available to us?  

Page | 11  
 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank:  
− I think, we have another two years. 2027, 2028, we should be going into the… 
Because now as we are going forward, 83% of the portfolio is already provided 
for our tangible PCR. So, that provisioning requirement will come down. So, 
once the provisioning requirements are coming down, naturally we will have an 
opportunity to declare more profits. And then as you declare more profits, more 
reversal will be there. So, hopefully in the next two years, we will be consuming 
it.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Participant: 
− All right, sir. Thank you very much. I'll come back again if time permits. And all 
the best.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. The next question that we have is from Sushil Choksey. Sushil, you 
can unmute yourself. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Happy Diwali to all UCO Bank team and congratulations for a very stable 
number.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you. Thank you. Happy Diwali, Sushil ji and to all of you. Thank you.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, my first question is, you are showing very good growth on some new 
segments which have started, specifically car loans. Means we always had a 
product, but some new initiatives are there. We are talking about Retail loan 
growth. Now with the new credit… new guidance come from RBI, co-lending 
and other verification, new policies, CLM 1 and 2, what kind of initiatives are we 
taking to energize our RAM sector on a higher trajectory?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, Sushil ji, you are right that car loan has been growing well. We have 
revamped our product in housing loan, car loan also. And that segment is 
growing well now. In light of new RBI guidelines on co-lending, we have started 
looking at certain tie-ups with certain NBFCs to enter into some relationship 
with them so that this co-lending thing can be taken further. As far as at present 

Page | 12  
 
is concerned, we have a co-lending exposure. Currently, we have a co-lending 
exposure of Rs.2,100 crores. And we expect that in light of the new guidelines, 
we should enter into relationship with more and more NBFCs and take it 
forward. Pool exposure is around Rs.10,700 crores. But the target will be that we 
enter into a co-lending where we have more control and visibility about the 
customers to whom we are onboarding.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir… in the market activities, where M&A financing is at boom, you also have an 
international position from Singapore, Hong Kong. Do you see that this year the 
traction will come from that segment too? And in the Retail product, share 
advances and a new IPO financing?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, this new announcement made by RBI, I think it is definitely going to open 
up a new stream for the banking sector as such. So once the guidelines are in 
place, I think we should be open to looking at the opportunities for participating 
in those M&A activities, having our presence in Singapore and Hong Kong. We 
should be very keenly looking at those opportunities. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− We can set up from GIFT City also, no, sir? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Yeah, GIFT City. We have already got approval from Reserve Bank of India to 
open GIFT City branch. And now we are getting all the infrastructure in place. So 
once the GIFT City comes into play, at that time, GIFT City will be a major 
contributor to this segment.  
− And then third one? Capital market. Capital, yeah. IPO financing, yes, definitely 
this is an area which is, I think, a very interesting area. We should be looking at 
getting into this area. We have not yet ventured into this, but definitely we will 
be looking into this area now.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, my question is more pertaining to… because cross-sell of mutual fund, car 
insurance, car loans, share advance, new IPO financing will attract a lot of 
customers from CASA point of view, which would help the bank's margin to 
improve.  

Page | 13  
 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Definitely mutual fund. I tell you, although we have already a platform through 
which the customers can onboard on the mutual fund, but we are also exploring 
direct tie-up with the mutual funds. The benefit is that we will have a more 
percentage as a commission than a shared commission. So we are exploring that 
also. We have already taken the ARN. Now we'll be going for adding… entering 
into a partnership or MOU with the mutual fund so that we onboard through 
that some channel, and bank gets more commission. Because many of our 
customers are directly getting into that mutual fund. SIPs are there or one-time 
mutual fund investments are there. So that also we are exploring. Definitely that 
will… as we engage more with the customers, stickiness of the customers 
improve. It will have a positive impact on our CASA also, apart from our fee-
based income. It will give us more cross-sell opportunities for car, housing, 
whatever we think. So that is another area where we are working on. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, what is your outlook on global NIM and domestic NIM, and also on balance 
between Corporate and RAM?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, Corporate and RAM, we have given a guidance of 61% to 63% in RAM and 
37% Corporate. We'll continue to have that guidance of 61% to 63%, though we 
are at 65%. The 65% is basically because of some reduction in our Corporate by 
4,000 crores this quarter, otherwise we were at around 63%. And second… 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Those advances must be low-yielding ones. That's why you have faded, no?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Yes, yes, yes. That was low-yielding advances. And second, on global NIM and 
domestic NIM. Earlier, global NIM, we have given a guidance of 3% to 3.10%, 
but subsequently in June, there was a sharp reduction in repo cut by RBI. So we 
have revised our guidance to 2.80% to 2.90% for global NIM and 3% to 3.10% for 
our domestic NIM.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, what is our digital spend and what is your outlook on Treasury for the year?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 

Page | 14  
 
− See, digital, I've already told, our target is around Rs.1,000-odd crores in this 
year, out of which Rs.275 crores is already spent, and another Rs.370-odd crores 
projects are in pipeline, which are under ordering stage or RFP stage. Further, 
new projects will come. So I believe that by the year-end, we'll be spending 
around Rs.800 to 900 crores in the digital spend. That is one.  
− Number two, in the Treasury, if you look at Treasury, we have slightly built our 
book in this quarter. Earlier, our total book was around… the investment book 
was around Rs.91,000-odd crores, and now it is Rs.94,000 or 95,000 crores. So to 
take advantage of the slightly higher yield during this quarter, we have built 
some portfolio. And hopefully, whenever there is an opportunity in the times to 
come, either some repo cut is coming or some other treasury yields are falling, 
that time we'll have an opportunity to make use of those securities and to book 
some profit on those securities.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Okay. Second thing, sir, I hear that you are also getting good capital market 
gains. Is that to be assumed that it's a sustainable profit to your Treasury?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Treasury gains, okay. See, Treasury gains are depending upon again the market 
situation and transaction to transaction.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− No, no, no. So, sir, you are assuming only on bond. I understand equity is also 
contributing well. That's what I'm asking. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Okay, IPO. IPO opportunities are always there, and we are regularly 
participating in IPO opportunities also. That we are already in. Recently also 
there were2-3good IPOs we participated in, and definitely we had a good gain in 
those IPOs. So that opportunity base wherever is there, we'll continue to encash 
on those opportunities. We are very active in it. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Yes, yes. Second thing, sir, how are you positioning yourself that there is a 
commodity boom likely because hard assets are under more likelihood. You've 
seen what has happened in gold, silver. Now, I understand minerals are the next 
phase. Are we capitalizing because we are based in East where a lot of 

Page | 15  
 
headquartered companies are in this business? Are we seeing any green shoots in 
that business where mineral mining and all is concerned?  
− And second thing on green energy i.e. green financing, if you have taken any 
steps.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− First, let me tell you green financing, we have a very good appetite for green 
financing. I think in last two years we have already done around Rs.3,000 crores 
of sanctions, and Rs.3,000 is outstanding. So this is again done in last almost two 
years. But two years prior, we don't have much exposure. We are into that Surya 
Ghar Yojana also, EV financing also. These are the small chunks which are 
adding to the renewable segment.  
− And now coming to minerals, I'll say though we are there, we have customers 
who are dealing in all those commodities. So we are ready to explore the funding 
opportunities in those commodities to those customers who are into 
manufacturing lines, and we'll try to avoid the customers who are into 
speculative trade in these commodities.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Participant: 
− Sir, thank you for answering all my questions and good luck for the year.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. The next question that we have is from Mr. M.B. Mahesh. You 
can unmute yourself. 
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− Hey, hi. Yeah. Hi, just one question sir. Can you give us the SMA 0,1 and 2 for 
the overall bank as well? What you've given is only 1 crore. You've given us for 1 
crore and above. Can you give us for the entire portfolio?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− I think more than… if I have to give one full number, it should be in the range of 
5,000 crores. It should be in the range of 5,000 crores. 
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− Can you split this between SMA 0,1 and 2?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 

Page | 16  
 
− See, SMA 0,1,2, if you asked me, SMA 0 should be… more than 50% should be in 
the SMA 0, and around 50% should be in SMA 1 and 2.  
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− And the number which you said, sir, sorry, just, kind of… What is the number 
that you said? The overall number, Rs.5,000 crores? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Overall number should be… I don't have an exact number. It should be in the 
range of, I think, Rs.5,000 or 6,000 crore. It should be in this range only.  
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− 5,000, okay. Okay, and the second question, sir, on this itself. As per your 
understanding, the movement of this provisions on the… when it's implemented 
in 2028.. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Sorry, we are not able to hear you, sir. Volume, can you increase volume?  
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− Sir, just checking on the provisions that you're creating today and if there is any 
shortfall, the provision goes through the P&L or it goes through the net worth?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− No, which provision? When you're doing this one-time transition. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− If we make provision, it goes to the P&L. If we make provision, it goes to the 
P&L. On advances and wherever we make the provision. 
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− See, the Regulator has given a time period of close to about four years for 
implementation.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Yes.  

Page | 17  
 
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− But the question that we are asking is, if there is a shortfall, do you have to 
charge it to the P&L when the balance sheet opens in '28, or does it go through 
the net worth as an adjustment on reserves?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Okay, during that time? Entire amount will not go to the P&L.  
− Management - UCO Bank: 
− Entire amount will go to the P&L, and it will be adjusted to the capital. A little bit 
of capital will be used. 
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− Okay, and the last question, sir, do you have any excess provision outside of 
this? Outside of standard assets and… 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Yeah, excess provision we have kept. See, in total, we have around Rs.1,000 
crores of excess provision, which is by way of a COVID-19 Rs.530 crores and 
around Rs.462 crores towards ECL, which we have captured this time in our 
notes also. So it is declared in our notes that around 1,000 crores is additional 
provision, over and above RBI-mandated provision that is lying in our books.  
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− Okay, perfect. And last question on the… what will be the outstanding stock of 
written-off or technically written-off? And your current expectation of recovery 
from that book?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, it's total written-off, it's in a?  
− Management - UCO Bank: 
− 24,000  crore – 25000 crore 
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− And your expectation of recovery from this?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 

Page | 18  
 
− See, recovery is very… a number giving out of that number will be difficult 
because recovery number we are giving every year based on our assessment at 
what level of resolution that asset is. So when we look at our… technical write-
off is around 26,000 crore.  
− Mr. M.B. Mahesh – Participant: 
− Perfect, sir. Thank you.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their closing 
remarks.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you very much to all of our analysts and investors who have taken out 
time to join our conference call post half yearly results for September '25. And 
wish you all Happy Diwali and I can again ensure to all of you that UCO Bank is 
doing well. We have been improving our performance in various parameters on 
a quarter-on-quarter basis. Maybe business growth in various segments. It is 
very proportionate across all segments. Deposit growth, bank has started 
improving. And also in asset quality parameters, considerable improvement is 
there, and it is a sustained improvement on a quarter-on-quarter basis.  
− Our team will continue to work towards further improvement in the coming 
quarters. Thank you very much.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, we would now like to 
conclude the call. You may all now disconnect the call. Thank you. 
 
− END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
 
