Indian Energy Exchange Ltd
Registered Office: C/o Avanta Business Centre, First Floor, Unit No. 1.14(a), D2, Southern Park, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi–110017, India
Corporate Office: 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh–201301 , India
Tel: +91-011-3044 6511 | Tel: +91-120-4648 100 | Fax No.: +91-120-4648 115
CIN: L74999DL2007PLC277039 | Website: www.iexindia.com
Dated: November 07, 2025
The Manager
The Manager
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Corporate Relationship Department
Listing Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1
Dalal Street
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai- 400001
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051
Scrip Code: 540750
Symbol: IEX
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call with analysts and investors held on
October 31, 2025.
Dear Sir / Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the earnings conference call held
with analysts and investors on October 31, 2025, to discuss the financial results of the
Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2025.
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company:
www.iexindia.com
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Thanking You.
Yours faithfully,
For Indian Energy Exchange Limited
Vineet Harlalka
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. ACS-16264
Encl: as above
VINEET 
HARLALKA
Digitally signed by 
VINEET HARLALKA 
Date: 2025.11.07 
10:55:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Indian Energy Exchange Limited Q2 FY '26 Investor 
Conference Call” 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATYANARAYAN GOEL – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. ROHIT BAJAJ – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. VINEET HARLALKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. AMIT KUMAR – HEAD (OPERATIONS, NEW 
PRODUCT INITIATIVES & EXCHANGE TECHNOLOGY) 
MS. APARNA GARG – HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS & 
CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS) 
MR. ADITYA WALI – INVESTOR RELATIONS 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ROHAN GHEEWALA –AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Indian Energy Exchange Q2 FY '26 
Investors Conference Call, hosted by Axis Capital Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Gheewala from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Rohan Gheewala: 
Thank you, Bhoomika. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Axis Capital, I am 
pleased to welcome you all for the IEX Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
We have with us the management team of IEX, which is represented by Mr. Rohit Bajaj – Joint 
Managing Director, Mr. S. N. Goel – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Vineet Harlalka – 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Amit Kumar – Head of Operations, New Product Initiatives and 
Exchange Technology, and Ms. Aparna Garg – Head (Investor Relations and Corporate 
Communications).  
 
We will begin with the opening remarks from Mr. Rohit Bajaj, followed by an interactive Q&A 
session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Good evening, friends. I welcome you all to the IEX Earnings Call for Q2 FY '26. 
With me today on this call are Mr. Satyanarayan Goel – CMD, IEX; Mr. Vineet Harlalka – CFO 
and Company Secretary; Mr. Amit Kumar – Head of Market Operations and Exchange 
Technology; Ms. Aparna Garg – Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications; 
and Mr. Aditya Wali. 
 
At the macroeconomic level, India remains the fastest-growing major economy in the world, 
posting a strong GDP growth of 7.8% in the 1st Quarter of fiscal 2026. This trajectory has been 
powered by strong domestic demand, investment activity and a steady expansion of all major 
sectors, including industrial, services, agriculture and construction. The Q1 number offers 
optimism amidst global political uncertainty as India remains a source of stability and 
opportunity in the international landscape. 
 
The Indian Metrological Department has reported 8% higher rainfall during this year's monsoon, 
the highest rainfall in five years. This good monsoon is likely to strengthen the agriculture sector, 
potentially lifting rural incomes and supporting broader consumption trends. In addition, fiscal 
policy measures to reduce the GST and simplify compliances are expected to further support 
economic activity going forward. Consequently, the RBI has revised India’s FY '26 GDP growth 
forecast to 6.8%, up from its earlier forecast of 6.5%. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
On the power sector front, weather continued to play a key role in this quarter as well. Electricity 
demand growth during the second quarter remained moderate with a power demand of 449 BUs, 
higher by 3.4% on year-on-year basis. In the first six months of FY '26, however, power demand 
has remained largely flat at 894 billion units compared with 886 billion units in H1 FY '25. 
 
On the fuel side, ample fuel has been available at competitive prices. India's coal production 
reached 203 million tons in the second quarter of FY '26. At nearly 450 million tons, production 
in the first six months of FY '26 has also remained similar as compared with Q2 FY '25. The 
coal inventory as of October 2025 stood at nearly 20 days.  
 
For the quarter, imported coal price for 4,200 GAR coal declined to $42 per ton, a decline of 
nearly 19% compared with the same quarter last fiscal. For Q2 FY '26, prices of imported gas 
remained favorable at nearly $12 per MMBtu compared to$13.6 per MMBtu in Q2 FY '25. 
Overall, the fuel situation for the sector has remained comfortable.  
 
Let us now talk about a few important regulatory updates and policy initiatives: 
Recently, key amendments were proposed to the Draft Electricity Act Amendment 2025, 
wherein;  
1. 
State Electricity Regulatory Commissions have been specifically empowered to determine tariff, 
suo moto, to ensure timely cost recovery and avoid delays.  
 
2. 
Cross subsidies are to be progressively eliminated within five years for sectors such 
asmanufacturing, railways, and metro operations.  
 
3. 
In a push for C&I and open access consumer, DISCOM may be exempted from their obligation 
of supplying commercial and industrial user with 1 megawatt and above load. One of the 
DISCOMs in the area shall be assigned as a supplier of last resort. The proposal should open up 
DISCOM resources for supply, avoid tying up stranded power and enhance competitiveness of 
the C&I segment. 
 
4. 
Draft provides for specific penalty of Rs. 0.35 to Rs. 0.45 per unit for RCO nonfulfillment.  
 
5. 
Further, the draft also allows for contract for difference, CFD-based products for the 
development of the market.  
 
6. 
In an earlier order, CERC streamlined predefined time slots for trade under TAM contract across 
exchanges. Public consultation for these predefined slots have been conducted and the final order 
has been reserved by the CERC. The regulator also proposed modification in the price discovery 
mechanism of the day ahead contingency segment from the current continuous matching to 
uniform price step auction through draft amendments in the Power Market Regulation 2021. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Stakeholder comments on these amendments have also been completed. This order will help 
improve liquidity in TAM and DACsegments. 
 
. 
7. 
CERC had issued draft guidelines for virtual power purchase agreement, VPPAs earlier this 
summer. Consultation and due proceedings with regard to this have been completed. The draft 
recognizes power exchanges as authorized platforms for sale of electricity by RE generators 
under VPPA arrangements. Renewable generators entering VPPAs may sell the electricity 
component in the collective segment on the power exchanges. This would helpincrease volume 
on exchanges. 
 
8. 
In another development in reference to the carbon market, the CERC issued draft regulations for 
trading of carbon credit certificates for both obligated, as well as non-obligated entities through 
power exchanges. The stakeholder consultation have been completed and final regulations are 
likely to be issued in due course. Further Greenhouse Emission Intensity targets have been 
notified for 271 obligated entities across sectors such as aluminum, chlor-alkali, cement and pulp 
and paper. The final notification regarding this has been published by Ministry of Environment, 
Forest and Climate Change after conducting stakeholder consultations. This development marks 
an important milestone for commencement of carbon credit certificates trading on power 
exchanges in the near future. 
 
. 
9. 
In August, the CERC issued amendments to General Network Access (GNA) regulation, 
introducing network access for solar and non-solar hours for all RE-based projects. The 
amendment aims to tackle the inefficiencies by introducing time block-based restrictive access 
to ISTS system, thus aligning capacity allocation with resource generation. These provisions 
would improve network utilization and optimize costs going ahead. 
 
10. During the second quarter, the MOP issued the final notification on renewable consumption 
obligation (RCO). The notification defined RCO fulfillment method to also include RECs 
acquired under VPPAs, among others, and also provided for fungibility of obligation under 
wind, hydro and other components. We have sought CERC’s approval to align our green 
contracts with the revised RCO components. The order in the matter is reserved. Once aligned, 
the contract will provide due clarity through the market participants for RE sale or procurement, 
which may increase RE participation going forward. 
 
 
11. CERC issued an order on implementing market coupling on 23rd July, in which regulator decided 
to initiate process of implementation of market coupling of the Day Ahead Market. This is to be 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
done by January 2026. In the same order, it is mentioned that coupling of Real-Time Market 
RTM will be considered at a later stage. 
 
The order also talks about running a shadow pilot for coupling of Term Ahead Market and 
stakeholder consultation for RTM and SCED coupling. Further in this order, CERC has directed 
staff to initiate consultation with GRID India and all exchanges on the operational and 
procedural aspects of Day Ahead Market coupling, including identifying and proposing 
amendments required in various regulations. IEX has filed an appeal against this order in 
Appellate Tribunal for Electricity, APTEL. The next date of hearing is scheduled on 28th of 
November.  
 
Now moving to the performance: 
During Q2 FY '26, IEX recorded electricity trading volume of 35.2 billion units, a Y-o-Y growth 
of 16.1%. Revenue for the company grew by 9.2% year-on-year, increasing from Rs. 167.8 
crores in Q2 FY '25 to Rs. 183.3 crores in Q2 FY '26. 
 
Profit after tax increased by 13.9%, rising from Rs. 108.3 crores in Q2 FY '25 to Rs. 123.4 crores 
in Q2 FY '26. In Q2 FY '26, nearly 44 lakh renewable energy certificates were traded, lower 
than nearly 63 lakh certificates traded over the same quarter in FY '25. The RTM segment 
continues to demonstrate strong growth with 36% share in volume at IEX, surpassing the share 
of DAM segment for the first time ever. 
 
For Q2 FY '26, RTM volumes at nearly 15 billion units were higher by 39% on Y-o-Y basis, 
highlighting the segment's critical role in helping DISCOMs and open access consumers 
efficiently manage short-term needs. RTM's ability to offer flexibility and immediate 
responsiveness underlines the opportunity to efficiently integrate renewables with the grid. 
 
Green market volume in Q2 FY '26 rose 17.7% on Y-o-Y basis to 3 billion units compared with 
Q2 FY '25. This segment advances integration of clean sources such as solar and wind into the 
grid and helps obligated entities, including DISCOMs, meet their renewable purchase 
obligations. With an increase in hydro, wind and sustained supply from coal-based generation, 
supply liquidity on power exchanges improved and led to substantial drop in prices. In Q2 FY 
'26, sell bids in Day-Ahead Market of IEX increased by 39.3% on a Y-o-Y basis. As a result, 
average Day-Ahead Market price was Rs. 3.93 per unit, down 12.5% on Y-o-Y basis, while price 
in the Real-Time Market averaged at Rs. 3.51 per unit, a 16% drop. 
 
.  
 
With regards to our product in pipeline,  we continue to await approval from CERC on our 
petition to extend term aheadmarket contracts from 3 months to 11 months. As regards to green 
RTM, CERC has reserved order on IEX Green RTM petition. Green RTM would provide an 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
opportunity to reduce deviation exposure due to weather events by providing an avenue to trade 
green power 1 hour in advance. 
 
Further, to facilitate merchant storage capacity in the country, we have filed a petition with 
CERC for introduction of peak DAM and peak RTM segments. These segments would facilitate 
trading of power during high demand hours such as late evenings and early mornings. 
Stakeholder consultations on the same have been completed and the matter awaits further 
proceedings. 
 
Moving on to IGX: 
IGX traded gas volume of 16.1 million MMBtu in Q2 FY '26, a growth of nearly 37% over Q2 
FY '25, led by volumes from domestic gas producers and heightened power demand during the 
months of August and September. For Q2 FY '26, IGX recorded a profit after tax of Rs. 9.6 
crores, which was higher by 57% compared toRs. 6.1 crores in Q2 FY '25. 
 
As gas prices continue to remain stable and policy initiatives continue to remain positive in the 
sector, volumes at IGX would continue to be robust. The arrival of early and prolonged monsoon 
this fiscal moderated power demand. Nonetheless, with CEA’s forecast of power demand at 366 
gigawatt by 2032 and power consumption to reach nearly 2,500 BUs, demand growth will 
continue to drive exchange volume. 
 
In response to this expected demand growth, the MoP has been regularly monitoring the road 
map of thermal capacity addition of 80 gigawatt by 2032. Recently, the country's leading power 
producers also outlined investment plans to increase their thermal capacity by over 50 gigawatt 
by 2032. 
 
In addition, policy measures undertaken by government and regulators to ease supply side 
liquidity is expected to further rationalize power prices on the exchange. Power sector is 
undergoing rapid transformation with the emergence of innovative market mechanisms such as 
battery storage arbitrage, firm and dispatchable renewable energy (FDRE), virtual power 
purchase agreements (VPPAs) and electricity derivatives. 
 
To support battery energy storage solutions, the Ministry of Power has finalized 2 tranches of 
the viability gap funding mechanism. Nearly 13,200 megawatt hour of BESS project have been 
awarded under the first tranche, while tenders for over half of the 30,000 megawatt hour projects 
in the second tranche under VGF have already been issued. As per the CEA, BESS based storage 
of 47 gigawatt is to be made available by FY '32. The reduction in battery storage cost has also 
accelerated the government push for BESS. As recently as October 2025, RUVNL discovered 
Rs. 1.78 lakhs per megawatt per month for a 1,000-megawatt two-hour two cycle tender under 
the VGF mechanism. This is the lowest price ever discovered for BESS under the VGF 
mechanism. As mentioned on an earlier occasion, BESS would be able to store surplus solar 
power during daytime to deliver electricity during hours of peak demand by leveraging power 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
exchanges. This would increase liquidity and potentially increase volume on exchanges during 
daytime as well as during evening hours. 
. 
 
These developments are poised to become key enablers in expanding and deepening the 
country's power market to support the successful energy transition.  
Our diversification initiatives are also gradually gathering momentum. For Q2 FY '26, the 
International Carbon Exchange, ICX, issued 38 lakhs I-RECs, adding to a cumulative of 82 lakh 
I-REC issuances in the first half of FY '26, surpassing 59 lakh I-RECs issued in FY '25. 
 
Revenue for ICX in Q2 FY '26 stood at Rs. 193 lakhs. The I-REC is a globally recognized digital 
certificate that serves as a transferable proof of generation of 1 megawatt of energy from 
renewable sources. 
 
With regards the Coal Exchange, Ministry of Coal has been exploring options for market 
development in the coal sector and has created enabling provisions under the Mines and Mineral 
Development and Regulation Act to set up a minerals exchange. Recently, draft rules have been 
issued for appointing Coal Controller as a regulator for the coal exchange. IEX has been working 
with the stakeholders to explore setting up the first coal exchange in India. 
 
As India advances towards its net zero goals, energy exchanges are expected to play increasingly 
significant role in shaping the nation's energy ecosystem. 
Thank you. And now we can have questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Ketan Jain from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Ketan Jain: 
Good Afternoon. Sir, my first question is on the status of implementation of market coupling. 
What is the progress on the ground in terms of operational details. Were you guys asked to make 
a software or what has been the progress? And is it on time to get implemented by Jan 2026? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Good Afternoon. With regard to status of market coupling, we are not aware about any 
developments which have taken place so far. Because what we understand is that for working 
out details for implementing market coupling, there will be discussions which will be required 
with the exchanges, with Grid India and procedures will be worked out and regulations 
amendment will be done. Maybe those drafts will be issued for public consultation. So, to the 
best of our knowledge, so far, nothing like that has happened. 
Ketan Jain: 
So, we were not contacted by the regulator or Grid India for developing any software. It's still 
no contact from them. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, we are not aware of any such, program about how they want to implement it and when they 
want to implement it. 
Ketan Jain: 
Understood. Sir, also if you could provide us with how IEX will play a role in the coal exchange 
and in the carbon exchange, if there is any development in that? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, as far as carbon trading is concerned, as per the regulations, CERC is the regulator for the 
carbon credits. And the trading of carbon credits will happen on all the 3 exchanges, which are 
regulated by CERC. So that means the existing exchanges, IEX, PXIL and HPX will be able to 
do the trading of carbon credits. Coal exchange, yes, Ministry of Coal is in the process of issuing 
the rules for this, and they will make Coal Controller of India as the regulator for this thing. Then 
they will have to draft regulations and do public consultations and finalize the regulations. 
Thereafter, interested parties can apply for the license of coal exchange. So, as we told in the 
past also, we are definitely interested in this area. And we are doing necessary preparatory work. 
As and when regulations are notified, we will apply for this also. 
Ketan Jain: 
Understood. Sir, my last question is on the volume growth, sir. We have been doing 16% 
electricity volumes growth until now. What is your guidance on FY '26? How will we end and 
next year, what's your volume guidance for electricity volumes? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
So far in the first half of the year, the demand in the country has been practically flat. In spite of 
that, we have done a volume growth of almost about 16%. So, for the remaining period also, we 
expect reasonably good growth. We should be able to maintain a growth of  15% to 20%. 
Ketan Jain: 
And for FY '27, sir, any view on that? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
It will be difficult to say at this stage. It all depends on the sector, how will the demand work 
out, weather conditions, what those will be. But, we are saying that we have been achieving a 
growth of, on an average, almost about 20% in the last five years. So, we should be able to 
achieve that. India is a growing economy, developing economy. So, if we have to grow at a rate 
of 6% to 7% in the GDP, definitely, the electricity demand is also going to grow. And as far as 
electricity is concerned, the whole electrification of economy is happening.A lot of things are 
happening in the electricity sector - EVs and data centers. Now the batteries are also becoming 
commercially viable. So, a lot of storage is happening. If that happens, then the daytime surplus 
power can be stored and evening hours, the power can be used from the batteries. And Exchange 
will definitely play a very critical role in all these activities. So, I am sure growth potential what 
we have achieved in the past, we should be able to sustain in the future also. 
. 
Ketan Jain: 
Understood. Thank you and all the best, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Sumit Kishore: 
Good Afternoon, Sir. This is Sumit here from Axis Capital. My first question is on the power, 
so last fiscal power demand growth was 4.2%, 4.3%. This year, first half has been flattish. So, 
how much of this is really attributable to weather? And in your opinion, is there a slowdown 
versus what was expected for the C&I power segment also? What is your impression? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
It was mainly because of the weather because right from April till October, we are seeing very 
good rains this time in the country, and there is a surplus rainfall in the country. As a result of 
that, the agricultural demand has crashed. And also, the summer domestic demand also was 
much lower than what was expected. So, Grid India's estimate was a peak demand of 277 
gigawatt against that only about 250 gigawatt was the peak demand. So I think looking at all 
these things, it was mainly because of the weather conditions. C&I side, we do not see any 
reduction in demand, rather there is an increase in demand. But I do not have the data about what 
is the actual increase in industrial consumption. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Right. The second question is that basically, over this period where power demand growth has 
been muted over the last one year, installed capacity has grown by almost 9%, 10%. And during 
solar hour, say, in the DAM segment also the sell bids are far, far exceeding the purchase bid 
volume and what is finally cleared and the exchange prices are lower. So I mean, to what extent 
can this continue? Because would there be curtailment of or what kind of curtailment of power 
is happening, what can exchanges do to reduce this? You also spoke about capacities coming up 
for virtual power purchase agreements. There would be even more sell bids on the exchanges. 
Why aren't customers taking benefit of the lower tariffs during the solar hours and why isn't 
more power getting cleared on the exchanges? 
 
 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
I agree with your view. I mean capacity addition is happening and daytime prices are coming 
down. But this stability in the system will need some time. Today, need of the hour is capacity 
addition that is happening. Solar power is cheaper. It is cheaper than even variable cost of the 
coal-based power plants. So we need to do solar capacity addition. And when the exchange 
clearing prices are lower during the daytime, we are seeing lot of demand shifting during the 
daytime. So, if you see the demand curve of the country as a whole, earlier, the peak hour used 
to be in the evening hours, now the peak hour is during the daytime. So the demand shifting is 
also happening now, not that demand shifting is not happening. People are making use of this 
daytime cheaper power. 
 
And to make use of this now in the last one year, lot many battery tenders were also awarded so 
that batteries can use this cheaper power during the daytime and sell in the evening hours. So all 
these kind of things are happening now. I mean, these things will need some time to balance out 
and make use of the daytime cheaper power. In the short run, yes, lower power during the 
daytime may continue. And that's good for the market. That's good for the market and exchange. 
Our volumes are more during the daytime than in the evening hours. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Sumit Kishore: 
And Sir, you mentioned that for the first time, RTM volumes have surpassed DAM in the first 
half of the fiscal. So is this going to be a sustainable trend? And in case of RTM, the 
implementation of MC (Market Coupling) will happen later depending on the experience from 
DAM. That's what the market coupling order said. So what % can in the Collective market 
transactions can RTM share can go up even from here? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, RTM volumes this year are higher than the DAM market, mainly because the availability 
of power on the sell side was much higher. The liquidity was much higher, the price clearing 
prices were lower. And RTM prices are practically 10% to 12% lower than the Day-Ahead 
Market price. So many of the distribution companies are taking advantage of this lower RTM 
prices and purchasing power in the RTM market. So as long as the RTM prices are lower, yes, 
definitely, RTM volumes will be higher. 
 
 
And with regard to your question on coupling of RTM, if you look at the order, commission has 
not taken any view regarding implementation of RTM. So they have said that looking at the time 
constraints and based on the experience, it will be considered. So they will take a view separately 
on that if required. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Got it. Just one last clarification. On the IGX equity stake that you have, 47.5%, what is the time 
line over which this has to be reduced to 26%? And what are your thoughts and  what are your 
plans there? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Can you repeat the question, please? 
Sumit Kishore: 
I believe IEX stake in IGX equity stake, which is around 47.5% needs to come down over a 
certain time frame, I believe, to below 26%. Can you please refresh our understanding on how 
we are going to go about it? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes. As per the PNGRB regulations, we have to bring down the equity to 25% by December 
2025. That is the provision. We have applied to PNGRB for extension of this time because in 
the past, there were huge challenges in the gas market and gas exchange. The business ramp-up 
has not happened at the rate at which we were expecting it. So we have applied to PNGRB and 
the regulator was quite supportive, and they have assured that they will give time extension. And 
we are also working out options, we are considering different options for divestment and 
complying with the regulatory provisions. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Okay. So it's only two months away, so they will give extension for one year? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, yes. I mean we have requested for one and a half years. Let's see. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thank you,  Sir. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Anand B from Seema Wealth Private 
Limited. 
Anand B: 
Hey, good afternoon. So just a couple of questions. First is the transition of the segment from 
DAM to RTMs. So, in this quarter, and especially in this half, you have seen, compared to the 
first half of the previous year, the percentage volumes of DAM has reduced from 41% to 35% 
in this half of the current financial year. RTMs (volume) went up from 30% to 36% as well. But 
TAM market has remained the same. Can you just give a light on why TAM market volumes 
share has remained the same and where do you see that going forward? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
First thing, the main product for the exchanges are the collective transactions, which is the DAM 
and RTM. So, significantly higher volumes happen only in these segments. And as you can see 
this year also, the share of collective transactions, which is DAM, RTM and (Green-DAM) G-
DAM, the total share is more than 85% for these three products. And it will continue to remain 
like this. Term Ahead Market transactions, these are bilateral transactions. And these 
transactions happen mainly when there is a shortage of power and some of the distribution 
companies want to tie up power to ensure availability of power under the deficit conditions. 
Fortunately, this year, we had good rains. So that is why there is no growth in the TAM 
transactions. 
Anand B: 
Okay. So even in the RTM segment also, would you say going forward now considering the 
market coupling you said that, okay, the CERC is considered coupling for RTM. Let's say if 
RTM coupling is not going to happen, would you say that the RTM channel will only increase 
more and more where the DAM segment would decrease in growth? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Looking at the market energy transition, which is taking place, a lot of renewable capacity is 
getting added, and there is a large variation in the renewable power generation. So, distribution 
companies also have to, make good of these variations on a real-time basis. And even generators, 
renewable generators, they also many a times sell the surplus power because of the good weather 
conditions if there is excess generation. So, real-time market volumes under these conditions 
will continue to increase. Government of India also has mandated that all thermal generators will 
have to sell their un-requisitioned power in the DAM and RTM market. And these generators 
are able to assess the surplus URS power more accurately in the RTM market. So, a lot of bids 
are coming in the RTM market for sale of power from these generators also. Considering all 
that, I personally believe that, yes, RTM volume will continue to increase in the future. 
 
. 
Anand B: 
Okay. That was one part. Second, I want to touch upon the Virtual PPAs front. I just want to 
know the current scenario of how much of that is going forward? And what would be the share 
of the exchanges or what potential the exchanges can have a share of the Virtual PPAs? 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, Virtual PPAs are normally done by the industries or multinationals when they want to 
comply with the RPO obligations or their sustainability targets. And under that, what they do is 
they get into a contract with the generator and they commit them a fixed price. The generator 
sells power in the market. And difference between this market clearing price and his contracted 
price is to the account of the multinational who has contracted this. In turn, the green attribute 
goes to the multinational. 
 
Now under this kind of a contract, what we understand is that, yes, a couple of VPPAs have been 
signed. And I think almost about 2,000 megawatts of VPPAs are under operation or under 
execution. And that power is coming to the market for sales. 
Anand B: 
2,000 megawatts of virtual PPAs? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes. And in any case, most of these VPPAs are for the solar power. And during solar time, in 
any case, we have a lot of sell available. We have sell available to the extent of more than 50,000 
megawatts. So if there are more Virtual PPAs, there will be more sell during this hour. 
Anand B: 
Okay. And you are saying in the 2,000 megawatts Virtual PPAs, how much or the entire share 
is coming to the Exchange or only a certain portion of it? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Entire is coming to the market. 
Anand B: 
Okay. Any estimates of how much can come to IEX specifically? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Can you repeat, please? 
Anand B: 
Any idea how much of that can come to IEX specifically? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
In fact, entire is coming to the IEX because they are mostly selling in the day ahead market. 
Anand B: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Good afternoon, sir. I had a couple of questions. So, the first one is, when I see the gas exchange 
prices, I think these are US numbers, we are somewhere close to about $4 per MMBtu, whereas 
our GIXI prices are somewhere closer to about $11. So why is there so much of a difference 
between the prices? That is one. And the second question was on the carbon exchange. Are there 
any business development initiatives that we are doing to scale it up, sir? Could you just speak 
about that? 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes. In case of the gas market, US prices are based on the Henry Hub. And Henry Hub is an 
index, which is basically determining the gas price in USA. It is not international gas trading 
exchange. It is basically for the transactions happening in USA. And since USA has surplus gas 
available, their trading price is around $4, $3.5 to $4. If that gas has to come to India, then that 
gas will have to be liquefied, transported and re-gasified.  
 
The rate for that gas also will work out to be something around $10 to $12, which is the rate of 
the GIXI. But mostly in India, the gas is coming from the Middle East side and because that is 
nearer to India, transportation cost is lower. And the rate of that gas today is almost about $10 
to about $11, and it was about $12, $13 a couple of months back. Is this clear? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Vikas, you are not audible. Mr. Vikas, please unmute your line. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Let me answer his second question. And second question was regarding market development 
activities about carbon trading. Regarding carbon trading, CERC has issued draft regulations, 
public hearing was held, order is reserved on the carbon trading regulations. And Ministry of 
Environment has recently issued guidelines for greenhouse gas emissions for 4 industries. And 
after that, these industries will have to comply with this. There will be an audit for that. And 
thereafter the industries who are overachieving the targets, they will be issued carbon credits and 
industries which are not achieving it, they will have to buy the carbon credits. So, I think all this 
process will need another one and a half, maybe one to one and a half year. And thereafter, the 
carbon trading will happen. And we are regularly in touch with the different authorities. And we 
are also in touch with the different industries for the trading of carbon credits. So, we are doing 
all necessary preparative work for this. Thank you. 
 
. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Yashodhan Nerurkar from Ionic Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Yash Nerurkar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So I just had two questions. The first is, I mean, I just wanted a 
clarification. In the event of market coupling, say, the entire volumes are split in the ratio of, 
say, 70% and the balance to Exchange is like 15-15. So, will IEX be responsible for clearing the 
70% of the volumes as in even if the price is discovered by, say, third entity like the market 
company operator, would IEX be responsible for clearing the 70%? So, would they be getting 
paid for all the buys and sells that they have got in the exchange? So that's first question.  
 
And second question is, you always, in every call, talk about the different developments and 
draft amendments that the regulator has been looking to sort of implement. I mean, what is the 
progress of all these developments? And how soon can we expect some of the key developments 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
to actually materialize? And what sort of benefits would IEX actually accrue from these 
developments is the second question. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Your first question was, yes, clearing of the volumes. See, whatever buy bids and sell bids will 
come on the IEX platform and whatever is cleared after the market coupling, we will settle those 
bids. I suppose I got sell bid of 500 million units, buy bids of 200 million units. Out of that, after 
the price discovery happened at the centralized location, out of that, my 200 million units of sell 
bids are cleared and 150 million units of buy bids are cleared. So that means I will get from this 
200 million units buyers money, I will get from them. I will get from 150 million unit buyers. 
And this money, I will pay to the sellers who have sold 200 million units. In addition, I will also 
get money from the other exchanges whose buyers are cleared against the sell from my sellers. 
So, there will be interexchange settlement also. So whatever volumes are cleared on IEX 
platform, we will do a settlement for that. 
 
. 
Yash Nerurkar: 
Okay. Perfect. Perfect. That answers my question. And secondly, about the developments and 
how material would they be? And how soon can we expect the progress to happen in those? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, if you look at the government and regulators, everybody is basically interested in 
development of the market. And there are many such initiatives which are being taken by the 
government. In the past also, if you see the Late Payment Surcharge, which came streamlining 
the payments for the generating companies, that brought in financial discipline in the sector. And 
as a result of that, the capacity addition is happening in the country now.  
 
Then there was an amendment in that, that all generators will have to sell their URS power on 
the exchange platform. As a result of that, we are getting lot of sell bids on the exchange 
platform. I mean in a few days, what we see is in the Day Ahead Market, we can sell volumes 
of almost about 150 million units to 200 million units. Similar in the RTM market, also 200 
million to 250 million units kind of sell bids are coming. 
 
And now Government of India has proposed amendment in the Electricity Act. And as per this, 
again, this is basically for bringing viability in the power sector, improving performance of the 
distribution companies. So, if that happens, definitely, the demand for power is going to increase, 
and this will definitely help exchanges to grow business. Same thing from the regulator also. I 
mean, VPPA provisions were approved. And I think two years back when the GNA was 
implemented, that has also streamlined all this network connectivity and charges for short-term 
transactions. So I think all this streamlining is happening. This is keeping in view how to develop 
the market in the country. 
 
Now we are talking about the capacity market that if a distribution company does not have 
adequate capacity, which is required for meeting the demand, how can they buy that capacity, 
how to develop the capacity market. So these things are happening. So, these things do not 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
happen every day, but it's a continuous process and the government and regulator both are 
working in the direction of developing the market in the country. 
Yash Nerurkar: 
Okay, fair. That answers my questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Faisal Zubair Hawa from H.G. Hawa & 
Company. Please go ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir, as far as the legal cases are concerned, what kind of forum are now we have been represented 
on this coupling matter? And when is the next hearing? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
I am not clear about your first question. The next hearing is on 28th of November. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And this is with CERC? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Next hearing is in APTEL, Appellate Tribunal for Electricity. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Okay. And sir, what is the kind of, I mean, technology changes that we can bring in so that we 
do not lose much volume even if coupling does happen? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See we are working in the company, and, what kind of changes in the system we have to do, 
what kind of technology support we need to provide to our customers to create customer loyalty, 
so all those things are being worked out. I do not think on this call, it will be possible to elaborate 
on those things. So, we are definitely going to take technology intervention to ensure our 
customers share. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Archit Agarwal from Steptrade Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Archit Agarwal: 
Yes. Sir, my question is what steps is IEX taking to diversify the revenue stream after like market 
coupling will happen, so the revenue will decrease. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
No, why are you saying the after market coupling the revenue will decrease? We are making all 
efforts to ensure that we retain our market share and volumes are increasing every year. So, I am 
sure -- 
Archit Agarwal: 
Sir, if you look at the result, right, so volume has not significantly increased, right? So after this 
market decoupling, actually, it seems monopoly is not there, right? So what I am asking -- 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Gentlemen, please hold the line, coupling has not happened, okay? So, for coupling only order 
has been issued, coupling has not happened. So, there is no change in that. And volumes have 
increased by 16%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aditya Raval from Exencial Research 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Raval: 
Good afternoon. My question is regarding in the quarter two result, electricity traded volume 
grew by 16.1% year-on-year, but the revenue from operations grew at a slower rate of 10.42% 
year-on-year, indicating the divergence. Could you please explain the reason behind this gap? Is 
it mainly due to the lower realization or unfavorable product mix? And what steps is the company 
taking to address this issue going forward? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See, electricity volume grew by 16%, and then there is a certificate also. So my colleague, Mr. 
Vineet Harlalka, who is CFO of the company, he will explain you in detail about this. 
Vineet Harlalka: 
So, when we look at the total volume, the electricity volume increased by 16% during the quarter 
on year-on-year basis, but the REC certificates volume was a bit lower. And secondly, if you 
can recall, last year in the month of August, we reduced our transaction fee on the certificate 
from Rs. 40 to Rs. 20. So, during the previous year quarter, the full Rs. 40 fees was being 
charged. And this quarter, it was Rs. 20. So, it's a mix of both, slightly lower certificate volume 
and the lower the transaction fee, which has resulted in the overall operating revenue lower than 
the increase in the electricity volume. I hope this clarifies? 
Aditya Raval: 
Yes, sir. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
On the electricity side, the increase in the revenue is 16%. On the certificate side, the increase 
in revenue is minus 53%. So, as a result of that, total revenue increase was only 10%. 
Aditya Raval: 
Yes, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of from Neeth from Alembic. Please go ahead. 
Neeth: 
Hello. My all the questions have been answered. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capitals. Please go 
ahead. 
Chirag Maroo: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is, what is the settlement obligation payable as 
of H1 FY '26? 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Vineet Harlalka: 
The settlement payable keeps on changing depending upon the volume and price. If you look at 
the balance, the closing balance as on 30th of September, the total payable amount was near 
about Rs. 500 crores. 
Chirag Maroo: 
Okay. My second question is related to product-wise market share. Is it possible for you to share 
that? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes. Mr. Rohit will respond to this question, JMD of the company. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
If I talk about Q2, so our electricity market share is 84% and certificate market share is a little 
above 50%. So overall is about 75%. But what we have seen in the past couple of years, product-
wise, IDM and RTM is 100%, 99% precisely. And in the other TAM segments, it is 35%. 
Overall, as I said, electricity is 84%. 
Chirag Maroo: 
Got it. Sir, just one thing I wanted to understand, if market coupling goes forward, apart from 
the tech, are we willing to go into price wars also if that takes place? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Let the coupling happen. We will look at the market conditions and take a call based on that. I 
do not think we need to decide that thing today itself. I can tell you one thing, in the Term Ahead 
Market, all three exchanges are active. And there also, the price war is not there. So, I do not see 
any such situation that after coupling, there will be a price war in the DAM market. Why should 
we talk about war? Let us talk about peace. 
Chirag Maroo: 
Fair enough. And as to you, sir, you have been focusing a lot on retention of customers, as you 
rightly mentioned earlier. So apart from technology, what is the USP that IEX has? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
It is hard work of last 17 years because of which we have been able to build this market and the 
kind of connectivity we have, the understanding we have with our customers- the kind of 
understanding which we have developed about the requirements of our customers and the value 
which we provide to them, the market development activities which we have done. I think all 
these things are our USP, and we will continue to do all these things. And I am sure this will 
definitely give us good market share in future. 
Chirag Maroo: 
Perfect. Sir, just last question from my side. As there is a new thing that is happening in the 
market, the electricity derivative market, right, just wanted to understand what will be the 
revenue model for IEX from here? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
We have an agreement with MCX that they will share a part of their revenue with us because 
they are doing the settlement based on our clearing price. But if you look at the volumes which 
are happening in the derivative market for the month of August, September, October, these are 
negligible. So, I do not think at the moment there is any point in talking about the revenue model 
out of that. 

 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Chirag Maroo: 
Fair enough, sir. And sir, if you have this clarity, are nodal-based electricity derivatives taking 
place? Or is there any clarification to that? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
I could not get your question. 
Chirag Maroo: 
So, in US electricity derivative market stakes has flourished because of the nodal-based 
electricity derivative. So, if there is a node in Los Angeles per se, derivatives are traded based 
on that node. So just wanted to understand, is such kind of development in -- 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
US electricity market is different, and that is why derivatives are also based on the nodes. In 
India, we have sort of uniform transmission price within a state. And the derivatives are also 
based on that. These are basically zonal. US and India markets are quite different. So, in India, 
the derivatives are based on the market clearing price of the Day Ahead Market. And that is one 
price, you can say. 
Chirag Maroo: 
Fair enough, sir. Thank you for the answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Krishna Sateja from Smart Sync Services. 
Krishna Sateja: 
Good Afternoon, sir. So, all my major questions have been answered, but a small query, like 
once the carbon trading certificate gets yes nod from all regulations , like you expect one and a 
half years from now. So how significant volume can we expect from that? How significantly can 
they affect the financials? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
It's difficult to say that because it depends on to what an extent industries are able to comply 
with the GHG gas emissions norms. If everybody is complying, then there's no trading. If few 
are complying, over complying and if few are under or not complying, then yes, the trading will 
happen. So, it all depends on that. But looking at the trend in the past for the ESCerts and RECs, 
we believe that the market could be as big as the REC market. 
Krishna Sateja: 
Okay. That’s all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take that as the last question for today's call. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Thank you, friends. I would like to thank each one of you for being part of today's call. 
Throughout the second quarter, we witnessed efforts from the government and regulators to 
establish a favorable policy and regulatory climate to develop the energy sector. We at IEX 
remain committed to contribute to the development of a sustainable and energy-efficient future 
for India. Thank you so much. Have a great evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
