 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
Registered Address: New Municipal No. 1, Sri Subramanya Plaza, 29th Main Road, BTM Layout 1st stage, Ring 
Road, Bengaluru, Bengaluru urban, Karnataka, 560068 
Tel:  080-6105 6000 | CIN: L62099KA2024PLC184626 | Website: www.digitide.com 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Listing Department,  
BSE Ltd.,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai-400 001  
Scrip Code: 544413  
Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited,  
“Exchange Plaza”,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai-400 051  
Symbol: DIGITIDE  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, this is to inform that the Transcript of the Earnings Conference call, 
conducted through digital means on November 05, 2025 has been uploaded on the website 
of the Company under the following link: https://www.digitide.com/investors/financial-
information/  
 
Request to please take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Neeraj Manchanda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A20060 
 
NEERAJ 
MANCHA
NDA
Digitally signed 
by NEERAJ 
MANCHANDA 
Date: 2025.11.10 
17:27:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Digitide Solutions Limited 
Q2 FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURMEET CHAHAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – DIGITIDE SOLUTIONS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SURAJ PRASAD – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
DIGITIDE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH LACHHANI – HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND M&A – DIGITIDE SOLUTIONS 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. JYOTI SINGH – ARIHANT CAPITAL MARKETS 
 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Digitide Solutions Limited Q2 FY ‘26 Earnings 
Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Jyoti Singh. Thank you and over to you. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you, Heena. Hello and good morning to everyone. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets, 
I thank you all for joining into the Q2 FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call of Digitide Solutions 
Limited. Today, from the management, we have Mr. Gurmeet Chahal, ED and CEO, Mr. Suraj 
Prasad, CFO, Mr. Rajesh Lachhani, Head Investor Relations and M&A.  
So, without any further delay, I will hand over the call to Mr. Rajesh Lachhani for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Lachhani: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much, Jyoti, for hosting Digitide Solutions Q2 
and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. We will begin with a brief overview of the company's 
performance, after which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
 
During the call, we will be making some forward-looking statements. These statements consider 
the environment we see as of today and carry risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual 
results to differ materially from those expressed in today's call. We do not undertake to update 
any forward-looking statements made in this call.  
With that said, I will now turn over the call to Gurmeet Chahal for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, Gurmeet. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Thank you, Rajesh. Good day, everyone and thank you for joining us for our Q2 and H1 FY ‘26 
Earnings Call. I also want to take this opportunity to wishing you and your loved ones a very 
blessed Guru Nanak Jayanti.  
Before diving into our results, I want to reiterate our 3x3x3 strategy, our roadmap to triple 
revenues to USD1 billion by FY31. This strategy centers on three potential verticals in each 
geography, powered by three integrated service lines positioning Digitide for scalable, 
sustainable growth. Hope our investors will remember that FY ‘26 is a year of transition and 
transformation for Digitide. 
Our investments in establishing Digitide as a standalone company, bringing in new leadership 
and building advanced capabilities are deliberate and extremely necessary. While these actions 
have a short-term impact on our margins, they are critical to our long-term strategy and future 
success.  
We are laying the foundations for an agile, innovative and future-ready organization. The green 
shoots are already evident, which I will cover shortly. These investments will enable us to 
capture new opportunities, drive operational excellence and deliver sustained value for all 
stakeholders as we move forward.  

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
This strategy has five key execution pivots. First and foremost, strengthened leadership. We've 
brought in industry experts, ensuring disciplined execution and strategic clarity. Second, talent 
and culture. We are investing in top-tier talent and fostering a performance-driven, innovative 
environment. Third, streamlined organization structure. Integrated teams that deliver end-to-end 
solutions, capturing larger wallet shares and improving margins.  
AI First Transformation is the fourth pivot. We have gone all-in on AI. We are embedding AI 
across our delivery models, thereby elevating productivity and service quality, and AI is also an 
enabler for all new business that we are running. Fifth pivot is strategic partnerships and 
acquisitions. We are expanding capabilities and market access through partnerships and actively 
looking at potential inorganic targets.  
Now let me walk you through the Q2 performance highlights. Consolidated revenues reached 
INR764 crores, which is up 4% sequentially and 7% year-on-year. As we had mentioned at the 
beginning of our strategy and beginning of our financial year that we want to grow our tech and 
digital revenue and our international revenues.  
I'm very pleased to share that our tech and digital segment revenues surged 16% sequentially 
and 23% year-on-year, now contributing 30% of our revenue up from 27% in the first quarter. 
This is driven by strong demand for AI-led transformation and digital solutions. The investments 
that we made up front have started to pay off. 
 
Our international business increased 6% sequentially and 4% year-on-year, now accounting for 
37% of the total revenue up from 36% in Q1. The domestic business remained resilient despite 
some macroeconomic challenges. EBITDA stood at INR85 crores, up 3% sequentially with 
margins stable. Adjusted PAT was INR17 crore, reflecting selective investments in capabilities 
and talent. 
 
In the first half, our revenues have crossed INR1,500 crores, so it's a milestone for us. We are 
up 6.4% Y-o-Y, underscoring the impact of our new structure and strategic investments. We 
have a very strong sales momentum. We booked INR550 crores in TCV. So, for the third straight 
quarter, we booked TCV more than INR500 crores. In this quarter, we also acquired 24 new 
logos.  
We have also become the tier-1 partner for both AWS and Azure within a very short time, which 
is actually a testament to our capabilities and the investments that we made. This unlocks deeper 
collaboration and early access to next-gen AI/ML innovation, accelerating our ability to deliver 
faster, smarter, and more secure outcomes. 
 
We have also expanded our AI Center of Excellence in Bangalore, accelerating proprietary 
platform development. Team Digitide won the world's largest Google Agentic AI Hackathon, 
and our conversational AI solutions are now live across 20-plus customers. We have also 
launched on a very large upskilling program. We call it DigiAIWave. In Phase 1, we are 
upskilling 10,000 professionals for AI scale.  
We have also been recognized as a major contender in six Everest peak metrics. This is a 
testament to our growing capabilities and market impact. Out of the six two are in customer 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
lifecycle management, one for APAC, one for global markets, two for payroll, again, APAC and 
global markets. In fact, in the payroll business, in addition to being a major contender, we are 
also a star performer, and the third is in insurance, we are a major contender both in technology 
solutions and BPM solutions.  
Outlook on growth and margin expansion. We remain committed to accelerated growth and 
unlocking higher margins through five strategic levers. Number one, elevating our service mix 
by increasing the share of technology and digital offerings that deliver scalable profitability. As 
I said, we've already made rapid strides on that front.  
Second is accelerating international expansion to capture premium pricing opportunities and 
diversify revenue streams. Good progress has already been made on that. Third is driving 
operational excellence through automation, process optimization, and rigorous execution. This 
will always be an ongoing exercise. 
 
Fourth is enforcing disciplined deal qualification and structured pricing to safeguard margins 
and ensure profitable growth. At the same time, through this, we will increase our win rates. 
Fifth is maximizing capital efficiency through strengthened revenue assurance and improved 
cash conversion. 
 
I want to take this opportunity to thank our employees, clients, and stakeholders for their 
unwavering support. Together, we are building Digitide into a global leader in AI-first tech-
enabled business solutions. The future is bright, and I am confident we will continue to 
outperform and set new benchmarks in the quarters ahead. 
 
With that, I'll hand over to my colleague Suraj, our CFO, for a deeper dive into our financials. 
Over to you, Suraj.  
Suraj Prasad: 
Thank you, Gurmeet, and good morning, everyone. I'll take a few minutes to cover the updates 
for the quarter, what moved the numbers, and where we are leaning towards in the second half. 
I'll start with the financials and give you a walk through, how this is translating into the 
momentum for the next half of the year.  
 
First, on revenue. In quarter 2, we delivered a revenue of INR764 crores, a 4% sequential and 
7% year-on-year step-up. It is our third straight quarter for forward movement, driven by a higher 
share of revenues from tech and digital, as Gurmeet alluded to, where we have been deliberately 
leaning into and investing.  
Moving to segment details. The BPM segment posted a revenue of INR536 crores, broadly flat 
compared to the prior year and the prior quarter. This segment was resilient for us, despite 
persisting softness in the BFSI segment. The segment reported an EBITDA of INR84 crores, 
with a margin of 15.6%.  
As highlighted, tech and digital displayed strong momentum in this quarter, with the segment 
reporting a record revenue of INR228 crores in Q2, with robust quarter-on-quarter growth of 
16% and year-on-year growth of 23%, mostly driven by AI-led transformation. The segment 
reported EBITDA of INR22 crores, up 16% sequentially, with a margin stable at 9.6%. 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
For the half-year, as highlighted earlier by Gurmeet, Digitide reported revenues of INR1,500 
crores for the 6 months, the first time we are crossing the INR1,500 milestone, up 6.4% year-
on-year. Our quarter two FY26 EBITDA came at INR85 crores for the quarter, an increase of 
3.1% sequentially, with a stable EBITDA margin of 11.1%. 
Adjusted PAT was INR17 crores, and the reported PAT was INR3 crores. The bridge from 
adjusted PAT to reported PAT is towards our demerger-related expenses, including legal and 
professional fees of INR11.4 crores and the stamp duty of INR2.4 crores. 
Reported PAT in this quarter also includes taxes due to dividend from one of our subsidiaries, 
Alldigi Technologies. And both our quarterly and half-yearly results reflect our collective 
investment in capabilities, talent, offerings and our new corporate structure as an independent 
listed company. 
 
These investments are critical to position the organisation for achievement of a long-term 
objective of reaching USD1 billion revenue. Hence, they render a year-on-year comparison for 
the previous year when we were not a listed company, less relevant. 
  
The cash conversion in H1 was impacted due to the demerger-related contract novations, new 
GST registrations, etcetera. However, we continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and remain 
well-funded with a quarter-end cash of INR77 crores, a gross debt of INR49 crores, and therefore 
a net cash of INR28 crores. 
As guided earlier, with Q2, most of our demerger-related transitions and exceptional costs are 
now largely behind us. And going forward, we are going to focus more on the operating 
efficiencies with clear levers as Gurmeet highlighted. Our focus on pricing hygiene, deal 
qualification, improving our cash conversion cycles, process automation and upskilling talent 
continue to compound. 
Happy to share that most of these investments across people, capabilities and platforms have 
progressed ahead of time, which gives us confidence for a better delivery in the coming quarters. 
Quarter 2 reflects disciplined execution and strong momentum. 
Our tech and digital mix continues to rise, bookings remain healthy, and our balance sheet 
provides flexibility for future growth. We are completing the final phase of our internal tech 
transition under the One Digitide strategy with most of the enterprise applications now going 
live ahead of time. 
 
Our approach, price for value, automated scaling, and accelerated closures is delivering results 
with larger AI-led international pipeline and sharper portfolio choices, we have clear visibility 
to stronger earnings in the second half. Thank you for your continued trust and we position for 
sustained growth. With that, I will hand it over back to the moderator for Q&A. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, in the presentation, we have given this 3x3x3 
strategy where we are talking about reaching USD1 billion revenue in the next 5 years and we 
will be improving EBITDA margin of 200%-300%. So, what base we have considered for 
EBITDA margin because from '25 to first half of '26, we are already down 350 bps. 
So, whether we should take 14.8% at the base EBITDA margin and from there we will improve 
300 bps over next 5 years or we should consider 11% at present. So, this is the number one. And 
this merger related expenses, how long it will continue so that our reported PAT and adjusted 
PAT should remain in line? Thank you. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So, Mr. Dhananjay, first of all, thank you for the two questions. Your first question, the 
benchmark for the long-term margin expansion is FY25 which we had clarified earlier also. And 
to your second question, the merger related expenses are done in this current quarter, which is 
quarter 2. Does that answer your question? 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. So, in H2, we should because we are entering into this digital and AI space, which is more 
of the nonlinear in nature. So, can we expect the improvement, gradual improvement in EBITDA 
margin from next quarter onward? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes. So, Mr. Dhananjay, given our accelerated growth and the changing mix, we should expect 
the margin expansion. And as we had highlighted earlier also, when we exit this financial year, 
which is quarter 4, we will start seeing that expansion becoming evident. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Dhananjay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand in this quarter margin has compressed 
360 bps on a year-on-year basis in H1. So can you break down the bridge to your target 200 bps 
expansion and what proportion comes from pyramid optimisation and AI-led productivity or 
also leverage? 
And second, like on this, also you have guided 2x improvement in billing realisation per FTE 
by 31. So what specific levers will drive this? Is it higher pricing, automation, led productivity 
or pyramid optimisation? Just wanted a clarity on this. Thank you. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Jyoti, thank you. Let me take the second question first. So the revenue per FTE improvement 
will come from three levers. First is change and mix in favour of digital and technology. Second 
is more international revenue. 
And third is leveraging automation for our delivery, for our operations so that we can eliminate 
some of the low-value work and move the realization per FTE. So that's on the how we see the 
revenue per FTE expanding over the 5-year term. 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
On the question about the margin expansion, I can share that and will request Suraj to add to 
that. Jyoti, you are absolutely right. There are a couple of levers. In fact, the five levers that I 
highlighted are actually part of that revenue expansion. I can talk more about each of those. 
So one is the service mix. As the service mix improves to more tech and digital and more 
international, that will have an effect on the margin expansion. You know, operational 
excellence through automation, process optimization, and pyramid optimization is the other one. 
And deal qualification upfront so that we are not taking on, you know, deals which are not 
margin accretive. So we want to eliminate that. 
Hopefully the investors will remember that at the beginning of the year, we did take a very 
conscious call to exit some of the low margin revenue. So, going forward, we do not want to 
bring more deals with lower margin. 
And then, of course, you know, strengthen the revenue assurance and cash conversion. So as an 
impact of all these five levers, we are confident of the expansion in the long-term. Suraj, do you 
want to add to that? 
Suraj Prasad: 
Yes, that's right. So thanks, Jyoti, for the question. So, like we had spoken earlier, the mix into 
our tech and digital business and alluding to the earlier question as well, more AI-influenced 
offerings, we have already seen margin expansion in our existing portfolio with more tech-
influenced businesses. 
 
And the international growth is also coming in the right trajectory as we had guided to. So that 
also gives us confidence that the margin expansion is more real. And coming back to your first 
question, the year-on-year comparison would be slightly incorrect because most of these costs, 
which investments we are doing in this year, would be not there in the previous year. 
 
And also as most of the corporate-related costs as an independent company would not be there 
in the previous year’s results. So, I would probably say that that will be less relevant in 
comparison. If you normalize all of them, we are very much on track. And now with the pricing 
and other levers Gurmeet spoke about, the margin expansion is something which we see by the 
end of the year gaining traction. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Yes, so just on the international side, like currently we are having 37% of 
revenue that is coming from international clients. So with a strong US base, so are you observing 
any pricing pressure or deal delays in discretionary spending from the BFSI and tech sectors? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So, Jyoti, yes, there are some macroeconomic headwinds. However, given that a lot of our 
business in the international market is platform-led, we've been partially insulated, but I would 
not discount the macroeconomic headwinds of the US as a geography. So in fact, despite those, 
we have been able to grow our international revenue 6% sequentially and 4% year-on-year. 
 
It's probably a testament to the strategy and investments that we made upfront and we very 
carefully chose the markets. In fact, the three markets that we are focused on, which is 
Healthcare, BFSI and Fast Growth Tech, one, they have relatively large addressable market. 
Secondly, especially Healthcare and Fast Growth Tech are growing double digits. 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
Financial services, though it may not be growing that much, but the size of that market is huge. 
And through our differentiated AI-first strategy, we are able to make entry. And once we make 
an entry, we have a track record of expanding. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. I will come in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Zaki Nasser from Nasser Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sir, can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, we can hear you. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Yes. Sir, good morning. And I think this quarter, we have seen a stable set of numbers, but 
anyway, you all have indicated that for Digitide H2 will be much better. So do you see the green 
shoots of improved performance in H2? My question would be, sir, what does 24 new logos and 
50% of the new deals being AI-enabled mean for you, sir? 
 
I mean, could you explain that a bit? That is number one. Number two is, sir, we said EBITDA 
margins will look up 2% to 3% over March ‘25. So that would mean 14% plus 2% to 3% up to 
2030 a percent a year. Would that be a right interpretation, sir? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So, Mr. Zaki, first of all, thank you for joining us and thank you for asking very insightful 
questions. So let me address your margin question. So that guidance of 200-basis-point 
expansion was the long-term guidance by FY ‘31. And yes, the baseline there was FY ‘25. So 
you are correct there. 
Your second question on, are we seeing green shoots? Absolutely. Even in this quarter, we have 
grown 4% sequentially and 7% year-on-year. Within that, our tech and digital has grown 23% 
year-on-year and our… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, I am really sorry to interrupt, but Zaki from your end, there is a disturbance. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Yes. It's okay now? 
Moderator: 
Okay. Perfect. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes. It's okay, Mr. Zaki. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Is it okay now? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes. We can hear you clear, yes. And there's no background noise. So, Mr. Zaki, as I was saying 
that we are already seeing the revenue growth and in the area that we want the growth to happen, 
which is international and tech and digital. 
Now your second question was, what does 24 new logos mean? They mean an opportunity for 
us to scale with them. 70% of our revenues come from customers who have been with us for 
five years plus. 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
So what that means is once we start a relationship with a customer, they see value and they grow 
with us. So growing with select customers is a very conscious strategy and the 24 new logos will 
give us the growth momentum in the years to come. 
Your second question was, what does 50% AI infused pipeline mean? So look, Mr. Zaki, we are 
leveraging AI as an opportunity. So what I mean by that is, we are building AI led solutions right 
from hiring, training, operations and we are embedding them proactively in our solutions. 
It helps in multiple ways. One, it helps us to differentiate our solution. It helps us to provide 
enhanced return for our customers. And it also helps us -- it helps the customers, the additional 
savings that they have from these BAU initiatives, those savings they can plough back into 
growth led technology and digital projects, where we can be a service provider again. 
So infusing AI into our solutions is absolutely critical. Like I had mentioned earlier, we are all 
in on AI and our mantra is any and every offering that we take to the market should be through 
the lens of AI first. So I hope I have answered all your questions, Mr. Zaki. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pulkit Chawla from B&K Securities. 
Pulkit Chawla: 
So first question, I think in the first in the opening remarks you did allude to that there was some 
softness in BFSI because there was some weakness in BPM. Could you please elaborate a bit 
more on that because none of your peers at the moment have mentioned any sort of softness. 
Was it something client-specific or any other issue? 
Second, if you could also help me understand what sort of headcounts are today the company 
with, what's been the trend over the last few quarters as such, and how are -- is it a light -- right 
late indicator look at this point of time given the way that you're changing your model also? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So, Mr. Chawla, first of all, thank you for joining and asking the question. So the softness that 
we talked about or we mentioned is, in the domestic market, a significant part of our business is 
collections business where we collect on behalf of the banks. 
 
As you know, in the current -- in the quarter that went by, there were devastating floods in 
Punjab, Haryana, Uttarakhand, Himachal, and parts of Uttar Pradesh. So that -- those limited our 
ability to collect on behalf of our customers, which kind of reflected in the softness. So that's 
what we were alluding to. As regard your question on what's the headcount, at the end of, Mr. 
Suraj, you want to take that? 
Suraj Prasad: 
Sure. Thanks, Mr. Pulkit. So the headcount was the end quarter two, we are 56,324, which is 
almost 2% growth quarter-on-quarter. So this continues the pattern where we grow on our 
domestic business, on the CLM business on a consecutive basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pratap from Mount Intra Finance. 
Pratap: 
Yes. Hi. Sir, I just wanted to ask, the last quarter, we had pointed out that we are doing an AWS 
deal where we picked up a multi-year, three-year deal, where we kind of helping them migrate 
and modernize. And this quarter, again, we've pointed out that we've got a Tier 1 partnership 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
with AWS and Azure. So I just wanted to understand what is our growth expectation from this 
area? And what is the kind of -- how are we kind of changing our work profile? Since you're 
saying that we'll be investing in a kind of improving our offering. So what is our outlook on this 
front? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So, Mr. Pratap, thank you for joining and for your question. Yes, we did sign a banner deal last 
quarter and we've started the transition on that this quarter. That was actually an enabler for us 
to fast track our partnerships with the hyperscalers. So the partnership with the hyperscalers 
helps in multiple ways. 
One, it will give us early access to any AI innovation. Second, the cloud is the bedrock of AI. I 
mean, most of the AI initiatives are built on cloud. So we will not be able to participate in those 
deals. Third is being a Tier 1 partner, which by the way, only a select few partners are Tier 1 
partners globally. It also gives us access to some co-investments from the hyperscaler. 
You know, depending on the nature of the deal, sometimes the hyperscalers would want to co-
invest in that transformation, but they do that only through Tier 1 partners. So that's why, you 
know, we are very excited about this partnership. 
 
And obviously this partnership was built on the capabilities that we invested in upfront. So, and 
already if you see our Tech & Digital business, you know, this quarter has grown 16% 
sequentially and 23% year-on-year. So we are very confident that that business will continue to 
grow double digits on a year-on-year basis. 
 
And that is actually our long-term strategy that, you know, our Tech & Digital share should be 
higher than where we are today. Does that answer your question? 
Pratap: 
Yes, understood. So as you said, in our strategy, the five key areas, one of the areas was 
investment in talent. So are we hiring different kind of talent for this kind of work for our 
hyperscaler relationships?  
Because as I understand, one is our main collections area where we are having some kind of, as 
you said, we have onboarded some people. And for this kind of work, do we have to hire some 
maybe different profile of people? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes, we do. And we have been doing that. We've hired a very senior leader to run our AI and 
the solutioning. That's just one example I'm taking, but under him, we have hired people with 
background in cloud technologies. 
In fact, as I had mentioned, you know, Google ran an AI hackathon, which was -- which has 
actually come in the Guinness Book of World Records is the largest hackathon. And our team 
won. So that is a reflection of the kind of investments that we have made in the talent, the kind 
of investments. And we have made those investments very consciously upfront. 
So you're absolutely right. Now, I also want to tell you that we are not just relying on bringing 
talent from outside. We are also doing a very large upskilling program, DigiAIWave, we call it. 
In Phase 1, we are actually upskilling 10,000 of our employees. The upskilling profile and the 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
path is based on their current role and their current capabilities. So it could be a beginner to 
advanced. 
In the last quarter, the number of certifications that our employees have successfully completed 
on whether it is Azure, AWS, or Google is a reflection of those investments in training and 
development, in addition to bringing new kind of talent in-house. Does that answer your 
question? 
Pratap: 
Understood. Understood. And just one last question. So I know it's still probably early days, but 
by when can we see this kind of translating into better TCV numbers for us, you know, coming 
down to the proof of pudding that we start winning maybe larger deals or more multi-year deals? 
Is there any kind of timeline that we look at, even if it's early days right now? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Yes, so Mr. Pratap, two points. One, you know, this is the third quarter where our TCV bookings 
have been INR500 crores plus. In fact, in this quarter, our bookings were 5% higher sequentially. 
These large transformation deals also have relatively longer sales cycles, could be anywhere 
between 6 to 9 months. 
We won a large deal last quarter. We won a large deal this quarter also. So, this trend will 
continue, but you know, to see a quantum jump, it will take 6 to 9 months, which is the nature 
of these kind of deals, Mr. Pratap. 
Pratap: 
Okay, understood, sir. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Good morning, gentlemen. So thanks for opportunity and really very happy to understand about 
the talent pool which you explained about our company. And really excited to see our company 
from year-on-year from year on. So, like, I have only one question. 
 
I need to understand the basic metrics of the working of our billing. That is, how much is the 
performance-based billing and how much is the fixed contract what we do with the customers 
and how that works? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So, Mr. Sanjay, first of all, thank you for joining and thank you for your kind and encouraging 
words. Really appreciate that. So, Mr. Sanjay, we have three kinds of contracts at a high level in 
our business. So, one is time and material. So a lot of our technology projects and some of our 
BPM contracts, especially in the customer life cycle, are time and material. 
The second billing model is fixed fee. Again, technology projects tend to fall in the fixed fee 
category. Third kind could be outcome-based. So for example, collections business that we do, 
a significant part of those contracts are outcome-based. 
 
What that means is our fees is contingent on hitting a certain threshold. And then the fourth kind 
of contracts, which probably might be unique for us since we also have platforms, is really per 
transaction. There we have platform plus services. 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
 
So the exact number, I can have a rough order of magnitude, but we can always get back to you. 
I think our T&M is about 40%. Fixed fee is about 30% to 33%. Transaction-based is about 20%. 
And the remaining roughly 10% is outcome-based. Mr. Shah, does that answer your question? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes, sir. Yes, very helpful, sir. And thanks for replying questions. And good luck to you and 
best wishes, sir. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Shah. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankit Dharamshi from RNM Capital Trust. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Dharamshi: 
Hi, good morning. So my question is regarding the mix. I mean, we have been guiding that in a 
longer term, we will be expanding our margin with the improved mix, with Tech & Digital 
contributing higher.  
So I wanted to understand, this quarter, our Tech & Digital mix was went up by 3%. But our 
EBITDA margin Q1, Q2, and Q3 are kind of down. So, I just wanted to understand why, I mean, 
in spite of Tech & Digital contributing higher, our margins -- EBITDA margins are lower. 
 
And second question is just, our fund field investigators went up by around, I mean, have almost 
doubled. I just wanted to understand what is the reason for that. Thank you. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So, Mr. Ankit, thank you for joining and thank you for your question. So I can take the first 
question. The tech and digital business or the contracts, they have an upfront transition. So 
typically in the first quarter of execution you don't see the impact. The margin impact is always 
back loaded in these projects. So that's the reason that you see that anomaly. I mean, I wouldn't 
call it an anomaly. It is the nature of that business. It's very consistent with the industry. On the 
second question, Suraj, you want to talk about? 
Suraj Prasad: 
Thanks for the question. This is Suraj here. So if you look at from our unbilled movement, what 
we had done before our de-merger, which was effective April was to maximize our billing to the 
customers because we were anticipating a lot of contract novation, GST registration, etcetera, 
need to happen. So we had accelerated most of our billing to our customers and we accelerated 
our collections also in our March quarter.  
And after which, as predicted, we had faced quite a bit of challenges in the first quarter in terms 
of our billing, but we have covered quite a bit of the distance back to normalcy in Q2. So while 
it looks from March to September, you would find that increase. Actually we are closer to a sort 
of a one-month billing. So our unbilled DSO is close to 33 days at the moment, which is almost 
like just last month billing.  
And we are further improving that with our accurate collection mechanism, which Gurmeet 
spoke about in the coming quarters. So from a quarter-on-quarter comparison, it looks high. 
Even Q1, it had gone up and we have retracted successfully to the baseline as of now. So we 
would only be further improving from that baseline. Does that answer your question?  

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Ankit Dharamshi: 
Yes. Got it. Thanks for the clarity. Thank you very much. Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Varun Pintu. Please go ahead. 
Varun Pintu: 
So, sir, I know we have guided for 200, 300 bps margin improvement by FY31. But currently, 
our margin has dipped significantly. Do we expect our margins to at least revert back to around 
the 14% range in FY27 and what do we expect to exit FY26 at? What kind of margin?  
Suraj Prasad: 
So, thank you Varun for the question. Yes, you're right. Our long-term guidance is for 200% 
response, higher margins by FY31. So we do not give our interim guidance for 27 as you're 
asking. But just to give you a trend, like you would have seen most of our investments, leadership 
capabilities and the merger-related costs are now behind us.  
So we should be seeing an uptick later by quarter 4 of this year for sure. And this is consistent 
with what we had guided to the market that while the overall FY26 margins would be impacted 
by this transition and the investments, we would start seeing that positive uptick from quarter 4. 
So we stand committed to that guidance and we'll see some uptick there. 
Varun Pintu: 
Understood, sir. And the other question was, sir, that to achieve our 1 billion target by FY31, 
assuming that FY26 is going to be sort of a flat year for us, we have to hit sort of a 22%, 23% 
growth rate from next year onwards. So is this growth going to come towards the back end to 
closer to FY31 or do we expect it to happen more in a linear fashion starting from next year 
onwards? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Mr. Varun, thanks for your question. This is Gurmeet here. Yes, so FY26 actually is not a flat 
year and we believe we will as we exit quarter 4, we'll actually be on the double-digit revenue 
growth. So if you recall when we had laid out the blueprint for a billion dollar, we had said that 
the 650 million incremental revenue, two-third of that will come organically and about a third 
or about 200 million will come inorganic.  
And so on the organic, we need to be growing in the 15% to 16% range. So if we exit this year 
at 10%, we should be accelerating that in the coming years, getting close to that 16% mark. And 
then on the inorganic, as I had mentioned in my opening remarks, we are actually looking at a 
couple of targets and that is a key part of our strategy, which will help us get to the billion dollar 
mark or the billion dollar goal that we have set for ourselves as a team by 2031. 
Varun Pintu: 
Perfect. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital's Market 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity again. We have added 24 new logos in Q2. So with TCV booking 
of INR550 crores, what proportion of this means our transformative versus run the business 
contract and are we seeing any higher deal tenure in AI-led engagement, sir? 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
So Jyoti, thanks for your question. So at a very high level, our business is technology and data, 
BPM and payroll platform-led business. So the growth is broad-based across all the three 

 
 
Digitide Solutions Limited 
 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
business lines. Obviously, we have seen a little faster growth on the tech and digital and the 
payroll platform. So it's consistent with our hypothesis for growth. And then your second 
question, that are we seeing slowdown on the AI deals? Look, the AI deals, Jyoti, I will put them 
three kinds. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Sorry to interrupt you, sir. It's not a slowdown, it's seeing higher deal tenure in AI engagement, 
AI-led engagement. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Oh, you mean tenure as in three years versus five years?  
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes, sir.  
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Okay. Sorry, I misunderstood your question. So Jyoti, if you see in the industry with the pace of 
change of technology, a lot of customers have now started to gravitate towards three-year deals 
with option for two-year extension. So we are seeing a lot of three plus one plus one deals. 
 
About three or four years back, there used to be a majority of the large deals used to be five 
years. But with the pace of technology change, I think most customers don't want to lock 
themselves. So what we are seeing is the median deal term is in the three-year range for the 
larger deals with an option to extend one plus one. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay, thank you so much, sir. 
Gurmeet Chahal: 
Thank you, Jyoti. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Rajesh Lachhani for closing comments. 
Rajesh Lachhani: 
Thank you, Jyoti and thank you, Heena, for hosting us. And thanks, everyone, for joining this 
call. As Gurmeet said, we are seeing green shoots. Our tech and digital revenues are going up. 
The share is going up and our international revenues are going up. So we are on the trend that 
we had already guided. Most of the expenses related to demerger are now behind. And with that, 
you will see better performance going forward. With this, I will close this call. Thank you all for 
joining us. 
Management: 
Thank you, everyone.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
