 
 
Ref: SECT: STOC: 126-25 
October 22, 2025 
 
To 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 519552 
To 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: HERITGFOOD 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on October 16, 2025 - reg. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In Continuation of our letter dated October 6, 2025 the Company had organized a 
conference call with the Investors/Analysts on Thursday, October 16, 2025 at 10.30 AM 
(IST). A copy of Transcript of conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is 
enclosed herewith and the same has also been available on the Company's Website at 
www.heritagefoods.in. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and display the same on the website of your exchange.  
 
Thanks & Regards 
 
For HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
 
 
UMAKANTA BARIK 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: FCS-6317 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
Umakanta Barik
Digitally signed by Umakanta Barik 
Date: 2025.10.22 11:48:59 +05'30'

 
 
HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
 
Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
 
       
 
               
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mrs. N Brahmani – Executive Director 
Dr. M Sambasiva Rao – Whole Time Director 
Mr. Srideep Kesavan – Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. A Prabhakara Naidu – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. J Samba Murthy – Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Umakanta Barik – Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
INVESTOR RELATIONS REPRESENTATIVE:  
Ms. Garima Singla – GO India Advisors 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 1 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Heritage Foods Limited Q2 FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Garima Singla. Thank you, and over to you, Miss 
Singla. 
Garima Singla: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I'm Garima Singla, and it's my pleasure to 
welcome you on behalf of Heritage Foods Limited. Thank you for joining us today for 
Quarter 2 Financial Year '26 Earnings Call. This call is being hosted by Go India 
Advisors. 
 
Please note that today's discussion may include certain forward-looking statements. 
Therefore, they must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
Today, on the call, we are joined by Mrs. Brahmani Nara, Executive Director; Dr. 
Sambasiva Rao, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Srideep Kesavan, CEO; Mr. A. Prabhakara 
Naidu, CFO; Mr. J. Samba Murthy, COO; and Mr. Umakanta Barik, CS and Compliance 
Officer. I now invite Dr. Rao to present the company's business outlook and 
performance, after which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Sambasiva Rao: 
Good morning, and a warm welcome to all of you. I would like to begin this call by 
extending our heartfelt greetings to all of you on the occasion of Diwali, a festival that 
celebrates light, renewal and hope, may the season bring prosperity and positivity to all 
our shareholders, our farmer families, employees, partners and all shareholders alike. 
 
Quarter 2 of this financial year was among the toughest quarters in the recent times, 
marked by an extended and intensive monsoon, a lead milk season and an intra-year 
butter shortage. Yet I am proud to say that Heritage Foods once again demonstrated its 
ability to navigate multiple headwinds with composure and strategic agility. 
 
Despite these challenges, our business model remained resilient and delivered a stable 
and credible performance. Through agile planning, prudent cost management and a 
sharp focus on value creation, we continue to deliver growth. Heritage Foods reported 
consolidated revenue of INR11,125 million, up 9% year-on-year. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
And this is our second consecutive quarter above INR11 billion revenue. This top line 
growth was underpinned by strong consumer traction across key categories, an 
expanding retail footprint and a strategic shift toward higher-value products. 
 
Our value-added products portfolio remained the cornerstone of this growth with 
revenues at INR4,132 million, up 18% year-on- year, contributing nearly 38% of total 
sales. Categories such as curd, paneer, drinkables and ice cream registered double-digit 
growth, supported by improved distribution and new product launches. 
 
Strategic moderation of low-margin B2B fat sales and strong B2C expansion further 
enhanced the quality of our sales mix. On profitability, EBITDA stood at INR772 
million with a 6.9% margin, while PAT was INR510 million, up 5% year-on-year. 
 
We acknowledge that EBITDA margins were lower by 122 basis points year-on-year, 
primarily due to a 6.3% increase in milk procurement costs versus a 4.5% rise in 
realizations. Pricing actions helped absorb much of the inflation, but the mismatch was 
temporary due to delayed pass-through during the lean season. Importantly, margins 
improved 44 basis points up sequentially, indicating that normalization has already 
begun. 
 
Excluding the INR93.6 million GST refund, normalized EBITDA margin stood at 
around 6.1%, which we view as a sustainable base that will strengthen further as milk 
costs soften and volumes raise in the second half. The structural product mix -- the 
structural levers are product-mix improvement, procurement optimization and 
operational efficiencies are already visible.  
 
Operationally, milk procurement averaged 16.1 lakh liters per day, down marginally 2% 
year-on-year with higher procurement costs. To ensure uninterrupted supply, we 
continue to support our farmer network through timely payments and feed support. This 
approach preserves long-term loyalty and strengthens milk security ahead of the flush 
season. 
 
At the same time, milk sales grew 1.1% year-on-year to 12.1 lakh liters per day and 
realizations improved to INR57 per liter, reflecting pricing discipline and sustained 
consumer trust. Our procurement efficiency programs, including crude optimization, 
chilling infrastructure upgrades and digital tracking are helping contain logistics and 
handling costs despite volume fluctuations.  

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Within the value-added products segment, the margin profile remains healthy. Some 
new and scaling categories such as yogurt, drinkables, ghee are currently in the 
investment phase, while mature categories like curd, paneer and ice cream continue to 
deliver profitability. As emerging segments scale up, blended VAP margins will expand 
further. 
 
The greenfield ice cream facility, which remains on track for commissioning by end of 
this financial year will materially enhance manufacturing efficiency, logistics cost per 
liter and our play in high-growth, high-margin frozen desserts. 
 
Simultaneously, the Heritage Novandie Foods operational level integration continues to 
gain traction with yogurt now reaching Tier 2 cities and new SKUs expanding our 
health-oriented range. Our wholly owned subsidiary, Heritage Nutrivet Limited, 
delivered another strong quarter with revenue of INR581 million, a 34% increase year-
on-year and PBT of INR54 million, an 80% increase year-on- year. This growth is 
sustainable backed by higher feed adoption and efficiency improvements. 
 
Nutrivet's performance not only strengthens stand-alone profitability, but also enhances 
cost efficiency at the dairy level through improved yields and milk quality. The recent 
GST rate rationalization created an opportunity to sharpen competitiveness and helps 
conversion from unorganized sector faster. 
 
While it led to temporary pricing adjustments, we expect stronger volumes and market 
share gains to more than offset the short-term impact. Encouraging traction from retail 
and digital channels supports our confidence in the growth trajectory for the coming 
quarters. 
 
Looking ahead, we expect margins to normalize as milk costs ease, supply stabilizes and 
premium categories gain traction. Our focus remains on balanced margin management 
through calibrated pricing, mix optimization and tight cost discipline. As we enter the 
festive and flush season, the environment is improving, milk availability is easing, 
consumer sentiment is positive and GST-led competitiveness will drive broader market 
expansion. 
 
The first half of FY '26 will be remembered as a period of resilience, recovery and 
renewal, one where we faced inflation and weather disruptions head on, yet remain 
firmly anchored to our purpose of building a sustainable value-driven enterprise. Our 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
focus continues to be guided by our Vision 2030 pillars, premiumization, digitalization, 
sustainability and farmer-first governance. 
 
I'm happy to share Heritage has been recognized as the Best Workplace in FMCG 2025 
by the Great Place to Work Institute. A heartfelt thanks to you, to our farmers, 
employees, partners for your continued trust and confidence. Every challenging year 
makes Heritage stronger, more agile and better positioned to capture emerging 
opportunities. With this, I now open the floor for interaction. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Sameer Gupta with India Infoline. 
Please go ahead.  
Sameer Gupta: 
Firstly, on value-added dairy, I understand that there were weather vagaries this quarter. 
But even if I look at a few more quarter history, value-added dairy as a segment, 
excluding fat, is averaging around 16%, 17% kind of a growth. And our expectations 
generally from this segment is that given the opportunity and given its size today, 20% 
plus kind of a growth is something that we all expect. So in your assessment, is this 
largely a weather-related issue? 
 
Or do you feel that now the base has caught up and growing at 20% plus on that kind of 
a base has its own challenges, but still the effort will be towards that side, but it's still a 
challenging proposition. Your thoughts, sir. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Thank you, Sameer. This quarter, our performance was about 15% and this performance 
is at least 5 percentage below our own internal expectation. That's all I can say. So our 
internal expectation and our internal targets are at least 5 or 6 percentage higher than 
what we are delivering now. 
 
And the prime reason, there is only one reason that I can attribute this to, which is the 
weather because we look at the numbers on an everyday basis. And during these 92 days 
of quarter 2, there were days when the weather was good, and we would see significant 
uptick in volumes. 
 
Please understand in value-added products, apart from paneer, all the other products 
have some dependence on weather, whether it is curd, our entire range of drinkables, 
which is butter milk and milk shakes and flavored milk, etcetera, ice creams. These all 
have dependency on weather. Except for sweets and paneer, every other category in 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
value-added has some dependency. So at this point in time, we cannot attribute this gap 
versus expectation to delivery to anything else. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. This is very clear. Second question, can you just elaborate the reasons for the 
exceptionally lean milk season and the entire butter shortage? And following on to that, 
as we enter the flush season, buffalo flush is about to begin. So I mean, are there 
indications of a normal flush going as of -- as on the information available today or any 
deviations from normalcy that you're observing till now? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. Sameer, Srideep here again. Yes, at this point in time, Q3 is usually good in terms 
of milk availability because of with the onset of flush post Diwali, this time around 
Diwali is earlier. So we expect flush season also to be advanced from that point of view. 
We do not see any reason to have any worry at this point in time. We don't see any 
structural problem. We are hoping that the flush season will be normal as it always is 
and the prices should ease. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And the reasons for the lean milk season and the intra-year butter shortage? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
See, there are so many factors actually. During quarter 1, the global GDP prices were 
strong, and we saw a lot of butter exports that happened out of the country. That must be 
one reason which actually created a little bit of a commodity shortage. So the fat prices 
across the country had gone up during that quarter. 
 
So that's an indication of that, right? And whenever -- as butter prices actually went up 
quite significantly in quarter 1. And whenever such a thing happens, usually the demand 
of free float of milk increases, and it puts stress on prices. So it's -- very simply put, it is 
more supply-demand -- demand being higher than supply kind of scenario on the 
commodity side, right? 
 
Secondly, the monsoon was quite erratic this year in the regions where we operate, we 
saw up to 29 percentage excess rainfall. And too much of rains -- good amount of rain is 
good because you have excellent water availability and water availability improves and 
the animal production stays good. But excess rainfall is not good because excess rainfall 
affects production, excess rainfall affects transport, excess rainfall affects collection of 
milk as well. 
 
So this was the second factor which impacted the milk situation. So a combination of 
multiple factors is what resulted in shortage of milk and prices going up. Even then, 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
what you should look at, Sameer, is that if we had not been agile in the way we manage 
the situation, it would have been even worse. 
 
So I think credit is due to our procurement team, which in a very agile fashion because 
of the advantage that we have of operating in multiple regions, we were able to balance 
from multiple regions. We were able to balance -- we were able to grow in regions 
which had decent availability of milk to manage the pricing, etcetera. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Just a last question, if I may squeeze in, more of a bookkeeping question. If I 
can have the bulk fat absolute sales and ice cream sales this quarter. 
A. Prabhakara Naidu: 
Sameer. This is Prabhakar, CFO. Current quarter, bulk fat sale is negligible, INR3.67 
crores only. Corresponding quarter, INR26.34 crores, last year. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. And the ice cream sales, sir, this quarter? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
So while we get you the ice cream sale, it's a point to note that if I just look at, let's say, 
B2C business, which is excluding bulk fat, the growth is, yes, excluding bulk fat, the 
turnover growth is actually much better at 10.5%. In fact, actually 11% -- 11% is the 
growth if I exclude bulk fat. 
A. Prabhakara Naidu: 
So ice cream sale is INR19.46 crores. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Abhishek Mathur with Systematix. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Just wanted to check, I think the mid- to high teens growth in VAP that we have 
delivered despite adverse seasonality, erratic rains, I think it is quite a commendable 
performance. The base was also not weak for us. So quite a good performance. The 
question here is that in your understanding, since you are the first dairy company to 
report, is this sort of VAP growth the trend that we should expect for the broader 
industry to deliver as well also? Or are there factors specific to Heritage that are at play 
here behind these numbers? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. Abhishek, this is Srideep here. So let me just take -- first of all, thank you for your 
wishes. See, we should look at how the performance has been compared to the previous 
quarter, right? And if you look at the weather, the weather is actually worse in Q2 
compared to Q1. In terms of number of days of rain, Q2 had more number of days of 
excess rainfall compared to Q1. In terms of average temperature drop below last 10 
years, Q2 was worse off compared to Q1. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
So in all aspects, actually, the impact of weather vagary and which is why in the opening 
remarks, our directors said that this probably was the toughest quarter that we had seen 
in recent times. The point to note actually is that we have been able to pull up our 
performance despite these things, right? 
 
So, if you compare each and every category that we operate in value-added products, we 
have improved the growth rate compared to the previous quarter. So for example, while 
curd, for example, in the first quarter, we grew at 4% in terms of volumes. Here, I'm 
talking only volumes, right? With the worse weather in Q2, we grew at 10.1%. 
 
Similarly, in the first quarter, I don't know, Abhishek, if you were on the call or not, one 
of the things that we reported was the drinkables portfolio actually degrew for us in 
quarter 1. With worse weather in Q2, we actually grew drinkables portfolio at 12%. Ice 
creams, we grew at about 5% in the first quarter, whereas ice creams with a worse 
weather grew at 17% in the second quarter. 
 
So, with the worse weather, we were able to perform better. And this is attributable to 
the inputs and the work that we have done in building consumer traction and customer 
traction. On the customer traction side, we had expanded 60 odd distribution points in 
quarter 2 over quarter 1, which gave us roughly, you can say, about 6,000 retail outlets 
reached in addition over and above what we had in Q1. 
 
So this is just a Q-o-Q comparison, right? Similarly, on the marketing side, I'm sure that 
you must have seen our investor presentation that we doubled down on marketing and 
consumer outreach. And we did several interventions. For example, our milk campaign 
was a very big success story from -- after spending close to about 5,000 GRP on 
television, we went on digital, which garnered 47 million views. Now these kind of 
numbers are really incredible. 
 
And if you -- in the investor presentation, we had shared with you that the awareness 
levels across our markets have gone up tremendously. For example, in Bangalore, our 
awareness level went up by 12%. Trials went up by 22%. Chennai, 22%, 25% trial rates 
improved. Hyderabad, 30 percentage trial rates improved. So, these are all trials that is 
directly proportionate to consumers buying our product, right? 
 
So significant numbers, we were able to clock across the markets as far as consumer 
traction is concerned. And in terms of new products, we launched several new products. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
In the milk itself, we launched a successful variant called Sampurna cow milk. And in 
yogurts, yogurts is something that we launched towards the end of last quarter. 
 
But in this quarter, we were able to successfully scale it up across the country. So now 
our yogurts, Livo, high-protein yogurt is available across all metro cities in India. And 
this was achieved in such a short time, right? 
 
So we have done so many things in this quarter to turn around the performance and 
deliver the results that you're seeing. So I'll not be able to comment about the industry, 
but we are pretty confident that we are getting more control on internal matters and less 
and less dependent on external vagaries. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Just 2 quick questions, small questions I have. Firstly, fair to assume that our milk 
procurement, which is slightly down Y-o-Y, maybe because of the rain season, should 
again pick up with us approaching the flush season, and we should -- we would again 
look to build up inventory as we approach this quarter? 
 
And secondly, on the Ice Cream business, do you think, Srideep sir, that the traditional 
seasonality that we have come to expect from the ice cream segment in terms of the 
summer, winter, that seasonality is now starting to dilute a little bit and ice cream is 
becoming more of an all year-round consumption story in your view? That's it for me. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. Thanks, Abhishek. I'll answer the second question first. So let's hope that -- as we 
all see ice creams in India has got tremendous headroom, tremendous. I cannot even tell 
you how much. Like in India, the per capita consumption is 1/10 of what is in the 
Western world. Even if I compare with China, we'll be at 25% in terms of per capita 
consumption. And the recent GST relief, which changed the GST rate from 18 
percentage to 5%. 
 
That's a 13 percentage drop in GST, right? That's significant for a category like ice 
cream. So while -- so we are expecting that more and more households will have ice 
cream in their fridge instead of, let's say, a soft drink, right? So that's the -- if people 
want to indulge, let them indulge in a healthy product rather than an unhealthy product. 
 
So we are hoping a lot of tailwinds, all these tailwinds will help reduce the seasonality 
and will make ice creams a winter product. So may your wish come true. Now as far as 
the milk availability is concerned, Abhishek, we -- I already spoke about that, and I think 
Director sir read out in his opening remarks that usually quarter 3 is when we see flush. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Usually, we see milk volumes coming back. So you should expect about at least 1 lakh 
or 2 lakh liters procurement will increase. And this is also the time when we store up 
commodities for the next lean season. So everything looks okay at this point in time. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pradyumna Choudhary with JM Financial Family 
Office. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: A couple of questions. One is on the milk volume growth. So that's been 1% Q2. So 
what's the reason for the same? Why has it reduced slowed down so badly. Last 3 
quarters, the volume growth on the milk sales has been 3%, and now it's 1%. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. This is Srideep here. Yes, milk growth has been a bit subdued for our liking. It's -- 
usually, we see that whenever we take up prices, we -- it has some impact in terms of 
volumes, consumption drops a little bit. So it's something that we have seen in the past 
as well. And in this quarter, we have taken up prices of milk by about 4.5%. 
 
We had no go to do that because the raw milk prices had increased by about 6.3%. And 
although we were not able to pass on the full cost, 4.5 percentage out of that raw milk 
price increase was passed on to the consumer, and that impacted the volumes. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: Understood. Second, on the procurement side, the procurement actually declined by 2% 
in this quarter. So what would be the reason for the same? Would it be attributable to the 
weather-related events itself? Or was there any other reason for the decline in 
procurement? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
I thought I answered that in great detail. Just to summarize, multiple factors impacted. 
One is on the commodity side, across -- we felt a shortage of water, and that put pressure 
on milk demand. Secondly, the weather, then there was too much of excess rainfall, 
which affected production and transport of milk. I had addressed this question earlier. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: Understood. that's what I just wanted to confirm whether it was weather related or 
something else as well. Just one more question. On the opex side, if I look at both your 
employee expense as well as other expenses, that's been growing really fast, like it's 
been growing at mid-teens or even higher levels for the last several quarters. So -- and 
even if you look at the current quarter numbers, our gross margin actually has been 
slightly up Y-o-Y. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
The reason for the EBITDA margin decline is due to the growth in opex. So what's 
really happening here? What are the things due to which the opex is really growing fast? 
And where do we expect it to stabilize eventually? 
 
And a related question will be on the normalization that you mentioned that we are 
already seeing signs of normalization. So what really is making us believe like in terms 
of -- are we seeing the procurement prices already falling? Or is there some other reason 
for us to believe that normalization is underway? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. So a few cost lines are higher. Like, for example, you spoke about employee 
expenses. Employee expenses are higher compared to same period last year by 13.8%. 
Similarly, like you rightly pointed out, operating costs are also higher compared to last 
year, which is related to, again, the same thing. 
 
Marketing costs are also higher this year compared to last year because -- see, let me put 
it like this. So we are a tad below our own expectation. Not a tad below, I think, like I 
mentioned, about 4 to 5 % below expected growth trends that we have been expecting in 
this particular period. primarily impacted because of weather. 
 
When you build capacities, you're building capacities hoping that these numbers are 
going to happen, right? And so from that point of view, we are probably performing tad 
below that number, which means that you have already invested to deliver the growth 
and -- but that growth is below what we had invested for. 
 
The numbers currently is all a reflection of that. Assume the growth is 5 percentage 
higher than what we have delivered. All these numbers would look very different to you, 
right? As you will probably say that, okay, the employee cost has fallen, operating cost 
has declined, etcetera, etcetera. 
 
So the gap is primarily driven only because the top line is not -- or rather actually the 
volume growth is not as much as we would have wanted it to be or as much we would 
have planned it for. And I believe it's a matter of time. 
 
Like I mentioned and described before, despite a very bad quarter in terms of weather 
and all of that, we were still able to pull up the numbers, which gives me hope that if we 
actually get a little bit of normal weather, we are not asking or expecting any tailwind 
and all of that. But if things normalize, our performance would be much, much better. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
And because our business is so much volume dependent, all these numbers would look 
very, very different. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: I'll tell you where I'm coming from. Yes, partly, it's been answered, just to follow up like 
where I'm coming from. Last 2, 3 years, most of our expenses below the gross margins 
have been growing upwards of 15% to 20% Y-o-Y. So at such rate of growth of these 
expenses, there's no scope for any operating leverage to play out really. 
 
So how do we really keep these expenses in check, right, be it something like employee 
expense, be it freight cost, be it selling and distribution, be it other expenses. All these 
have been growing very fast, which is leading to higher revenue not really flowing into 
higher margins? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
So I don't know. We will have to define very fast. And in my opinion, employee cost has 
been growing at 13% to 14% -- and I agree with you that we also would like that to be in 
single digits, right? But the fact is we are expanding and we are adding more people. We 
are investing in facilities for manufacturing, etcetera. And this is a people-intensive 
operation. This is a people-intensive business, which means that the headcount will 
increase and hence, the cost will increase. 
 
Now the reason why I said operating leverage, we are operating below our expectation 
as far as the operating leverage is concerned or actually in terms of capacity utilization is 
concerned, is because we know which are the investments that we have made or which 
are the markets we have opened and how much we are expecting and how much we are 
doing, right? So I hope for a fact that these numbers will look different in a normalized 
scenario. 
 
Now coming to initiatives we are taking to reduce the operating costs. There are many. I 
think we have been talking about this for the last several years. And all of those 
initiatives are in full play. Starting with, let's say, milk procurement itself. 
 
A few years ago, maybe 3 years ago, we used to have 214 chilling centers, and we were 
procuring about 13 lakh liters of milk. Today, we are procuring 17 lakh liters of milk 
with just 186 chilling centers, which means actually, if you look at it, the throughput per 
chilling center has almost doubled, right? 
 
And which means actually my operating cost of a chilling center would have, if not half, 
must have significantly reduced. Of course, in this period, people's salaries and other 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
costs, electricity and everything has gone up. But had I not done this, my operating cost 
would have been completely gone out of back. 
 
Secondly, we used to have close to 1,300 vehicles to pick up the 13 lakh liters of milk. 
Today, we have lesser number of vehicles, about 1,200-odd vehicles, which is procuring 
the higher volume that I'm talking about because we are sharply focused on a metric 
called as milk collected per kilometer. 
 
And the milk collected per kilometer is increasing, which means actually the distance 
that we need to travel to get the milk is coming down, which improves the freshness of 
the milk as well as reduce the cost of pickup. Same is the case in terms of operations 
also, conversion of milk. For example, the number of liters produced per person has 
gone up by almost 10 % across our factories. 
 
Electricity usage has come down as one metric that we track is liters of milk produced 
per kilowatt hour or unit of energy. That has gone up tremendously. But while we are 
improving all these parameters, what is also to be noted is that we are also investing in 
capex in terms of increasing capacity. 
 
For example, we had invested close to 150 tons of additional manufacturing capacity for 
curd, for example, we increased our paneer capacity, we increase many of our value-
added product capacity. And so it's a bit of like improved efficiency in our existing but 
additional new facilities coming up, and the volume is not catching up to the 
expectation. So it's simply a math which needs to work out, which I'm very pretty sure 
that in a normalized scenario, it will. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: So do we have any margin targets for maybe FY '27 -- FY '26 can be a washout. But FY 
'27, do we have certain margin improvement targets in our internal calculation? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes, I think we should look at -- my request is if you look at the progression over the 
last 3 or 4 years and my request to our -- Go India Advisors to send across a comparison 
of how it has progressed over the last 3 or 4 years for you to better appreciate and 
understand the long-term trend. The reason why I'm saying is that our industry has -- is 
volatile. And it has a large dependency on weather. So some of these factors will play. 
We have seen in the past that every third or fourth year, the milk prices really go up and 
then it comes down, right? And then it comes down. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
You must have seen that in FY '22, '23, it was a peak inflationary period where milk 
prices went up so high and then it came crashing down. And then we had a good 2 years, 
okay? Now this is another year where it is seem to be going up. So this volatility is 
something that we will not be able to do anything much because it's a very large 
industry. India is the largest producer of milk.  
 
And despite our size, we have only a very small percentage contribution in this. So we, 
as an individual player, there is very little we can do in terms of managing the industry 
volatility. That said, we are hoping that, like I mentioned before, law of averages catch 
up and next year prices softened. Usually, it happens after a peak inflationary year, and it 
is good for all of us. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Disha Giria with Ashika Institutional Desk. 
Disha Giria: 
My first question is regarding the ice cream capex. Is there any recent update on it? And 
when do we actually see the factory being commissioning. And now that because of the 
seasonal impact, I am presuming that the high stream sales would not have had 
happened as much as you had expected. So if you have your own capacity, right now, it's 
more of like an outsourced manufacturing. So how do you plan on kind of utilizing it to 
its max. Or what is your utilization -- initial utilization targets, if you have anything in 
mind? 
Nara Brahmani: 
I'll take this question. This is Brahmani, Executive Director. Actually, in fact, we are 
manufacturing our ice creams internally only. We have our own processing facility with 
a capacity of 25,000 liters per day, which we've, in fact, maxed out in peak summer 
season in the 3 months of Q4, which is why we had taken the Board approval to invest 
into a larger automated ice cream facility, not just to produce our existing range of 
SKUs, but also to widen our portfolio with exciting new SKUs, which is the need of the 
market or what consumers are asking for. 
 
Having said that, in terms of capacities, we are commissioning our ice cream plant, as 
mentioned by Whole-Time Director sir, that it will be commissioned by the end of the 
financial year, just in time for the summer season. And we intend to use a fair amount of 
the budgeted capacity for the next financial year in Q1 of the coming financial years that 
might be, Yes. 
Disha Giria: 
My question regarding the outsourced manufacturing was basically because I remember 
last time when I had met during the plant visit, we had this discussion that for this 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
summer season, you had already onboarded outsourced manufacturers to meet the excess 
demand. But because of the weather-related impact, I'm assuming that demand would 
have not been generated. 
Nara Brahmani: 
Yes. So, we did outsource part of our manufacturing, expecting a normal season. But 
had the season been normal, that would have been required. But since the season was 
different, we could have done it internally. However, we given the current growth rate of 
15%, 16%, and that's expected to go up during the later quarters, we will definitely need 
this higher capacity that we're investing into. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
If I could just add, the growth of ice cream in quarter 2 was 16.5%. Volume growth. 
There's only volume growth because revenue growth is about 20%. 
Disha Giria: 
With the existing SKUs? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. 
Nara Brahmani: 
Yes, that is right. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pratik Kothari with Unique PMS. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir, my question again on operating leverage. So one of our intent was to grow our 
revenue curve much faster than the cost curve. And this was, I think, mentioned in the 
annual report, too. I mean even if assuming this non-weather effect. And let's say we 
were growing 5 percentage points higher. Still, our other expense, our employee expense 
is growing faster than that number.  
 
So other expense has been growing at 20% odd this year, even last year. And I'm not just 
talking about Q2, I mean you can look at H1 last year, last 4, 6, 8 quarters. So my 
question is to achieve our intent of growing cost curve lower than revenue curve, I mean, 
how much more investment per se is required? I mean, when can we see that our other 
expense -- employee expense goes up 10%, but revenue starts growing at 15%, 17%, 
how far are we in that journey? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes, Pratik, this is Srideep here. See, it's not linear,  I'm not very sure if I was clear in 
my answer. It's not a very linear thing, right? The way we report employee benefits, we 
are also talking about the indirect manpower that we have in our system to produce. So 
we have equal number of indirect employees as direct employees, right? 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
And these are -- at the moment you have production usually as per budgeted numbers or 
as per planned numbers, the per unit drop of our cost is significant because we are -- 
please understand that we are a volume player, right? We call ourselves a mass, 
premium player for a reason because everything for us is actually volume driven, 
everything? 
 
And if those volume numbers happen, the cost structures look significantly different, 
significantly, right? And it's not a linear equation. That's all I'm trying to say. 
Hypothetically, if I just say that if I had clocked the numbers that I had planned to with 
the kind of capacities that we had installed, the EBITDA margin and everything shoot up 
because of the better cost absorption of across the board. 
 
So the overhead per se in terms of like where we are investing in terms of fixed people, 
where it will stay fixed is only at the management level, which is an investment which 
the company has consciously made because the company believes in investing in 
building people assets, operating assets as well as brand assets. 
 
And this is something that, Pratik, in the previous conversations also, I have mentioned 
to you that we are investing in building brand assets. For example, marketing cost has 
gone up, and we are okay with it, because we are very confident when we see the 
numbers, such as, for example, awareness level going up by 25% to 30%, trial rates 
going up by 25% to 30%. These are all fantastic numbers because this is what is going to 
pay returns in the long run, right? 
 
Similarly, operating assets, we are investing capex in the last several years, we've been 
putting in capex of INR150 crores on an average per year. This has all gone into creating 
capacity for value-added products. And we are happy with it. 
 
Similarly, we have invested in people assets as well. Today, we have got a bunch of 
fantastic people who is helping us deliver results despite weather downturn. So all those 
assets are going to perform better and operating leverage is exponential and not linear. 
These are 2 points I just wanted to plan. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. Great. And sir, one on liquid milk sales, right? So I mean, for the last, I think, 6 
to 8 quarters, you've been growing at 5%, 6%. I mean last year, we did not take any 
price hikes. So all growth came from volume growth. And this year, we took price hikes, 
so volume is off and I mean because for us as a consolidated company to grow much 
faster in early teens that we kind of aspire to? 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
I mean. Liquid milk also then has to ramp up from 5%, 6% to maybe 8%, 9%. I believe 
this would not be as weather dependent. So if you can just highlight, what can we do, 
what are our plans to take this up from 5%, 6% to 8%, 9%. I mean -- and I understand 
that the price hike that we took this year, but last year, we did still the volume did not 
come through? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Srideep here again. Yes, that's a very fair question. Again, we are looking at what we do 
internally to see pricing, raw material price, market price, weather, these are all external 
factors, and we are trying to reduce the impact of these in our business through actions 
we are taking internally. So one of the most important initiatives which we have taken 
this year was to invest in building our brand in milk itself. 
I've mentioned it previously, we had run a very successful television campaign on Pure 
Doodh ki Shakti which clocked 5,000 GRP. 5,000 GRP, if I can just give you a sense of 
it, we were the most visible advertiser in our core market. So roughly about 40 
percentage of the GRPs, share of voice, we had got with this campaign. And the same 
campaign on digital ran very strongly in Q2 with almost 47 million views. 
 
Similarly, at this point in time, as we speak now, we are the cosponsor for one of the 
biggest television properties called Big Boss in both Telugu as well as in Kannada. 
These are all -- and this is primarily led by milk, and you can see how the contestants 
use our milk in their kitchen and stuff like that, right? These are things which we believe 
are very fundamental in building people's belief and trust in our brand. 
 
Secondly, we've just launched -- I spoke about Sampurna cow milk, which just got 
launched in this particular quarter. We are in the process of scaling it up. In fact, 
yesterday, day before yesterday, we launched 2 new variants in -- for our country 
markets, which is called Sampurna milk which will come in Q3. These are all initiatives 
we are taking to drive milk volumes in -- through new product introduction. And third is 
continued investment in expanding retail distribution. There's no substitute to that. In 
quarter 2, we had expanded 60 distributor points at 2,000 retail points. 
 
You should assume that every retail point should give us at least 5 to 6 liters of milk. 
That's about 20,000. So if we have to sustain and get growth to 8% or 9 percentage like 
you rightly mentioned, we need to sustain this growth momentum, which means that in 
quarter 3, we need to add 10,000 more retail outlets. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
If you add 10,000 more retail outlets, that will give me 50,000 liters of milk, right? So 
we are absolutely focused on doing what needs to be done on the ground so that 
irrespective of price increases, irrespective of whether we can continue to drive growth, 
especially in milk. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Resha Mehta with GreenEdge Wealth Services. 
Resha Mehta: 
I think a really good performance, especially on the VAP growth given the challenges 
we had. I have a couple of questions. Maybe I'll outline all of them in one go. So clearly, 
I think our ad spend seem to have been up if that could be quantified for this quarter as 
well as the previous quarter of the previous year. Knowingly what is the path to 
profitability? I think we were envisioning breakeven in Q2. 
 
So have we achieved that? If not, how far away are we from that? And new markets, if 
you could just comment on how is the East market doing for us? And also some time 
back, we had entered into Singapore and U.S. So what is the kind of traction that we are 
seeing there? And overall, some exports, do we see any meaningful numbers going 
ahead? Yes. So these are my 3 questions. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Thank you, Resha. This is Srideep here. First, on marketing spends. I think marketing 
spends went up from -- sorry, 1 second. Please hold on. Is it okay if we send across the 
number, but I can tell you that roughly it has gone up by about 60% year-on-year. 
Resha Mehta: 
Okay. Okay. Yes, sure. I mean maybe Garima can send me the number. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
We'll give the numbers to you. I'm speaking from memory, we are looking for the 
numbers. it has gone up significantly -- significantly. It has gone up in marketing, and 
it's something that we are very happy about. We're very happy about because it's going 
to really give us leverage in the long run, for sure, right? Yes. Sorry, can you just please 
remind me of the other questions. Could you please tell Resha. 
 
So see, the yogurts, I don't think -- I think there is a misunderstanding. We never said 
that the business will break even in Q2 because we just started the business in Q2. So it's 
not possible to break even so quickly. But we can tell you that the operating metrics are 
looking already wonderful, right? In just a couple of months, we have already achieved 
the volumes that Mamie Yova was doing. 
 
So imagine Mamie Yova was doing x volume, we are doing the same volume with Livo 
brand in just 2 months' time, right? So which means actually we could actually grow 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
tremendously from here. This is despite the bad weather because Yogurt is also a 
category which is weather dependent. -- consumption goes up during summer and during 
rains, it comes down. 
 
So volume-wise, it is a great performance. And in terms of unit economics also, I believe 
that the profitability as in the losses are much lesser compared to the previous operation. 
We'll share those specific numbers with you one on one. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Param Vora with Trinetra Asset Manager. 
Param Vora: 
So what I wanted to ask was that with growing lactose intolerance amongst the nation, 
so are there any plans for Heritage to introduce a concentrated portfolio of low lactose or 
lactose-free dairy products? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Yes. Thank you. Yes, our entire portfolio of fermented products are all low lactose or no 
lactose. Because -- so if you're a lactose intolerant, you can consume curd or butter milk, 
and lassi and all of that because they are low in lactose or no lactose. We also have plans 
to look at milk, lactose-free milk is something that we are thinking about. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Naitik with NV Alpha Fund. 
Naitik: 
My first question is, if you could give us the breakup between your VAP products, what 
percentage of it is coming from curd and what percentage coming from non-curd. And 
attached to this, the same additional question is that how would this sort of look like, 
say, a year or 2 down the line once the ice cream facility comes online? 
Srideep Kesavan: 
See, curd is still about 70% of our -- see, actually curd is our biggest differentiator. Let 
me just put it like this to give you a sense. If you look at global large dairy players, 
whether it is Danone or Lactalis and all of that. They all talk about yogurts and cheese as 
to products that they sell, right? A bulk of the revenue comes from their revenue comes 
from these 2. In India, the equivalent of a yogurt and cheese is actually curd and paneer, 
right? So which is what is the leading elements in our portfolio also. Curd will be, what, 
70%, 71%. 
 
71% of all value-added products will be curd for us. And after that will be paneer. So 
these are 2 main value-added products that we are trying to build. Apart from that, we 
have about 5-odd percent of our revenues coming from ice creams and roughly around 
10 percentage of revenue coming from drinkables. The contribution of sweeps is very 
small. And of course, ice cream will grow fastest. Drinkables will grow faster than -- and 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
paneer will also continue to grow. So over a period in time, the contribution of curd will 
reduce, but curd is very important for us. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sucrit D Patil with Eyesight Fintrade Pvt Ltd. 
Sucrit Patil: 
I have a specific question for Mr. Naidu. As you plan for the coming quarters, what steps 
are being taken to improve margins, especially in terms of pricing, supply chain 
efficiency or cost control? How do you see profitability evolving in the medium term? 
Nara Brahmani: 
Brahmani. I think this question has been answered by my colleagues already. But of 
course, I think for us, value-added products drive margins. I think getting our 
distribution network expansion, which we've done very successfully in the second 
quarter will continue to be a focus area in terms of driving margins. 
 
Aside from that, there's a lot of work that we're doing on the operations side, some of 
which has been mentioned by CEO already. But aside from that, automation is 
something that we are heavily focused on all our new processing facilities. 
 
Our fully automated facilities and whatever expansion is happening in existing facilities 
or renovation is happening in existing facilities is in that direction. Aside from that, 
when it comes to our transactions or daily operations as well, we are automating a lot of 
processes. If you recollect, we are the first dairy company to go on SAP end-to-end to 
also evolve in SAP. And now we are using a lot of RPA. 
 
We are using copilots and agents to improve efficiencies in which we operate and do 
things. CEO also had mentioned about the other initiatives that we're taking in terms of 
logistics. We are constantly tracking the amount of milk collected per kilometer. We're 
constantly looking at productivity of people at different levels, both on the sales side as 
well as on the procurement as well as operations side. 
 
We are also measuring things as minute as milk handled per unit electricity in our 
operational facilities. And of course, renewable energy is a huge focus area as well, both 
from reducing our carbon footprint and managing our power costs or operating costs. 
 
So there are several initiatives that are being taken both from a monitoring standpoint 
and a tech-enabled sort of growth standpoint in terms of improving our margins. And of 
course, value-added products in terms of sales will drive this through continued strong 
distribution network expansion that will happen. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of with Kiran with Green Investor. Since there is no 
reply from the line of Mr. Kiran, we'll promote the next Darshil Jhaveri with Crown 
Capital. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So a lot of my questions have already been answered. Just one question from my end. So 
based on like how H1 has gone for us, what is the outlook that we see for H2 in terms of 
our revenue growth and margins? I think margins, we were trying to get it better. But if 
we could quantify it, that would be really helpful. 
Srideep Kesavan: 
Sir, it's difficult to quantify. I can only say that we usually see milk supply getting better 
in quarter 3. And during first season, the prices come down, which means if X is the 
price in quarter 2, X minus delta X will be the price in quarter 3. Assuming the market 
prices, we don't change because we usually don't drop our market prices, it should be 
better. 
 
But that said, I want all investors to know that each of our quarter has a unique mix, like 
quarter 1 is very high on value-added products. This year, it did not happen because of 
bad weather. Quarter 2 is high on milk, but moderate on value-added products. Quarter 3 
is low on value-added products as far as mix is concerned. 
 
See, we will continue to grow value-added products. We might grow at 20% in quarter 3 
also, value-added products. Every indication shows us that value-added product growth 
in quarter 3 will be higher than quarter 2. But that said, the mix changes because quarter 
3 is more festive and all of that, so our fat sales go up. Fats is not as profitable as value-
added products. 
 
So even though raw milk prices might come down, the product mix change is something 
that will influence. So rather than look at on a quarter-on-quarter basis, you should look 
at a long-term trend. 
 
The long-term trend is that as long as we keep improving the contribution of value-
added products, like in quarter 2, we were able to improve the value-added products by 
almost 3%. If we continue to do that over a long period in time, this is a great business, 
and that's what we are focused on. So my request is to look in the long term and not 
quarter-on-quarter. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
October 16, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Dr. Rao 
for closing comments. 
Sambasiva Rao: 
Thank you very much to all the participants for your continued interest in Heritage. 
Looking forward to catch up with you for the next earnings call, quarter 3 later. And I 
again extend heartfelt Diwali greetings from myself and on behalf of Heritage family 
here. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Heritage Foods Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
--0-- 
