 
 
 
 
  November 10, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
Security Code: 542484 
Security ID: ARVINDFASN 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
Symbol: ARVINDFASN 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Subject: Earning call Transcript of the Conference call with Analysts and Investors for the second 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we are attaching herewith the transcript of the conference call with analyst/investors held on 
Tuesday, November 04, 2025, at 2:30 P.M IST, to discuss Q2 & H1 FY26 Results of the Company. The 
same is being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
 
Lipi Jha 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIPI SITAKANT 
JHA
Digitally signed by 
LIPI SITAKANT JHA 
Date: 2025.11.10 
17:30:08 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Arvind Fashions Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 04, 2025 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GIRDHAR CHITLANGIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ARVIND FASHIONS LIMITED 
 
MR. KULIN LALBHAI – VICE CHAIRMAN AND NON-
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – ARVIND FASHIONS LIMITED 
 
MS. AMISHA JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ARVIND FASHIONS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Arvind Fashions Limited Q2 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Girdhar Chitlangia, CFO at Arvind Fashions Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Thanks, Huda. Hello. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Arvind Fashions 
Limited Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter ended 30th September '25. I'm joined 
here today by Kulin Lalbhai, Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director; and Amisha Jain, 
Managing Director and CEO. 
 
Please note that results, press release and earnings presentation have been mailed across to you 
yesterday, and these are also available on our website, www.arvindfashions.com. I hope you had 
the opportunity to browse through the highlights of the performance. 
 
We will commence the call with Kulin providing his key strategic thoughts on our second 
quarter's performance. Post that, Amisha will cover the financial performance and also the 
business highlights. At the end of the management discussion, we will have a Q&A session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made or discussed on 
this call today may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with risks 
and uncertainties we face. A detailed statement of these risks is available in this quarter's 
earnings presentation. The company does not undertake to update these forward-looking 
statements publicly. 
 
With that said, I would now turn the call over to Kulin to share his views. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
A very good afternoon to you all. Thank you for joining us for the Q2 results. We are pleased to 
share that AFL delivered a consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth and the highest 
ever sales and EBITDA this quarter. The demand environment was stable, and we achieved an 
11.3% growth led by a healthy 8.3% LTL in our retail channel and around 25% plus growth in 
our online channel, leading to over 18% growth in EBITDA to INR200 crores, which is an 80 
bps margin expansion. 
 
During the quarter, the government implemented the GST 2.0 reform. A large part of our 
portfolio has moved to a lower GST rate, and we have ensured that the GST benefit has been 
passed on to our consumers. We believe that the GST reforms will surely improve customer 
demand in the medium term. 
 
We continue to stay focused on profitable growth, which is helping us deliver on our balance 
sheet and cash flow KPIs as well with overall working capital continuing to stay stable. We are 
leaning into our growth drivers and increasing brand visibility through marquee advertising 
campaigns. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
A strong square foot expansion, healthy LTL growth, great momentum in the online channel and 
the high growth trajectory of our adjacent categories have all helped us maintain a double-digit 
growth rate for this quarter. 
 
With a strong wedding calendar in H2 and several government initiatives to boost consumption, 
we remain hopeful of continuing the growth momentum. We will continue to stay focused on 
our mantra of profitable growth, resulting in further improvement in return on capital employed. 
 
I would like to now hand it over to Amisha Jain to take us through the specifics and more details 
about our financial performance. 
Amisha Jain: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Warm welcome to the investor call for the quarter ended September 
30, 2025. In the quarter gone by, NSV stood at INR1,418 crores as against INR1,273 crores in 
the previous year same quarter. And EBITDA was INR200 crores versus INR170 crores. In this 
quarter, AFL delivered yet again an impressive double-digit revenue growth of 11.3% and 
EBITDA growth of 18.2%. The direct channels contributed significantly to this growth. 
 
Our continued strong efforts to grow direct channels of retail and B2C yielded good outcomes 
in the quarter. These together now account for nearly 50% of sales, a 5% point higher share over 
last year. Retail growth is very healthy at 14% with a very good L2L of 8.3%. Retail growth 
across all brands was in double digit. 
 
We added over 36,000 square feet of retail space in the quarter. Online B2C grew by over 50%, 
taking its share to 12%, while B2B and other channels, the share dropped to 20% from 22% last 
year. This is in line with our strategy to pivot away from online B2B. The share of online 
business crossed 30% in the quarter and a very healthy improvement in profitability. 
 
The wholesale channel growth was minimally impacted in the quarter due to destocking, and we 
believe that this is transitionary and the growth will be back in H2 in these channels. Let me take 
a moment to talk about GST. 
 
During the quarter, government reduced GST on articles priced less than INR2,500 to 5% from 
an earlier 12% rate. We rolled out the changes required by the government to implement the 
GST reforms 2.0 with immediate steps to pass on the GST benefits to the consumer. Our IT 
systems were upgraded to reflect exact prices -- price changes as directed by the government. 
 
Clear price communication was rolled out across all channels. These reforms will leave higher 
disposable income in the hands of the consumers, and we expect these reforms to have a positive 
impact on demand. 
 
At the brand level, U.S. Polo continues to grow exceptionally at 21%, led by impactful 
advertising campaigns, work done on products and opening of marquee stores in new retail 
identity. Growth in other brands was muted due to impact of transition to the new GST regime. 
 
I'm happy to share that one of our key adjacent categories, footwear grew by over 25%. We 
believe that the disruption caused by the implementation of BIS norms is now behind us. Overall, 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
the adjacent categories grew by 22%. Among the other metrics that showed improvement are 
inventory freshness and gross margins. 
 
Inventory freshness is at an all-time high of more than 85% and gross margin improved by 210 
basis points. We continued our focus on advertising campaigns, which were higher by 20 basis 
points. Among the balance sheet metrics, inventory buildup was to cater to early festive onset, 
while overall working capital remained stable. It will normalize by the end of the year. 
 
The growth in EBITDA at AFL in Q2 is at 18.2%, an 80 basis points improvement despite higher 
advertising and employee costs. Reduction in retail discounting by 90 basis points, richer 
channel mix, cost efficiency in select have led to improvement in margins. GP has gone up by 
210 basis points to nearly 53%. In this journey of profitable growth, the PAT in Q2 is at INR37 
crores versus INR30 crores in Q2 last year. The growth in PBT is nearly 31%. 
 
Now as we enter H2, we expect positive traction due to the upcoming wedding season. We're 
happy to share that there was double-digit growth during Diwali and Puja in our direct channels. 
We will continue to open new stores and are on track to deliver new store addition target for the 
year as well. 
 
We also expect that the government initiatives will aid higher consumer disposable income, 
leading to a demand improvement across our categories. The outcome will, of course, depend 
on the market environment. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Deep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Deep Shah: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. So firstly, if you can call out how the different brands 
have performed during the quarter? Because seeing the wholesale numbers, I think so Arrow 
and Flying Machine are still under pressure. So if you can first call out how the different brands 
have performed? And secondly, any read on the festive? I think Amisha gave a brief around the 
festive, but if you can further talk about how the festive has been? 
Amisha Jain: 
Sure. So I think if you look at our brand portfolio, as you have seen, we've clocked a pretty 
strong sustained growth across the portfolio at 11.3%. And if you look at from that, the key 
driver of the growth is obviously coming also from our direct channels. Coming down to -- and 
that includes both our retail and our B2C channel. And this is in line with our growth drivers 
and the strategy that we've put together. 
 
Now coming down to the brand, U.S. Polo has clocked an extremely strong double-digit growth, 
which is close to 20% upwards. And while -- this has been driven by a lot of work that has gone 
into it, more around product innovation, premiumization, driving a new retail identity and 
obviously, the driving new store openings. 
 
Having said that, we've continued to see strong growth across our PVH portfolio as well. And 
Arrow and Flying Machine are also sort of driving and are going in the right direction based on 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
the strategy that was put together. The important thing to note is that in this quarter, towards the 
fag end of it, the GST reforms were put into place. 
 
And while there was a minor transitionary impact because of that because of wholesale 
destocking, we do believe that this should streamline over a period of time over the next quarter. 
So all in all, I think we believe that we are on track from a strategy point of view, driving early 
double-digit growth, and that's where we will continue to be. 
Deep Shah: 
Okay. And second question would be around, Amisha, I understand it will be too early to call 
out, but how has been the experience at Arvind Fashions, what are the key learnings which you 
have in the last couple of months? And what are the key strategy which you will work upon in 
the coming times? 
Amisha Jain: 
Sure. So I think for me, coming back to Aravind has been homecoming, right. So coming back, 
has been the same as my prior experience. What I see and what is heartening is that there is a 
clear focus and strategy behind what we're doing. As you know that we've been talking about 
driving our direct channel strategy. And what we have seen is a very strong focus towards that. 
 
We have a portfolio of 5 brands, which is extremely strong, and I think the teams are really 
geared up to drive behind that. So from my experience and where I see us going, if I look ahead, 
I think a few things are extremely clear. 
 
One is that we will double down on our portfolio of 5 brands. We believe that there is significant 
headroom for growth by ensuring sharp brand positioning, driving differentiated products and 
delivering great end-to-end experience across our brands. 
 
I think it is imperative for us to ensure that we're able to now sort of segment out our consumer 
cohorts across these brands and able to cater to those consumers in the way that they would like 
for us to speak with them. So that will be one part of it. 
 
The second big thing that we will drive and what you have already seen great results coming out 
of is our diversification of our portfolio. We will continue to double down on that. It's been 
working -- and if you look at our portfolio between footwear, innerwear, womenswear, it's been 
working well. I believe there is significant room to grow over there as well, and we will consider 
accelerating that part of it. 
 
What's going to be important for us over here is to ensure that we are investing behind the right 
demand spaces based on where the consumer preferences are and how the consumer preferences 
are shifting. So you will see us kind of drive that as well. 
 
I think the third thing that you will see us do is with consumer at the center of everything we do, 
we will continue to double down on how we serve the consumer. And this is going to be 
important to ensure that we capture any shift in consumer preferences. We will drive 
segmentation, be extremely data backed. And with that, we will drive enhanced marketing 
capabilities to ensure that we are serving our consumers better. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
We will also double down in terms of serving our consumers through the channels that make 
most sense to them. And that, along with the strength of our portfolio, along with our investment 
towards the adjacent categories, we should be able to see accelerated growth in our portfolio. 
 
Now coming back to H2, I do believe that we have a great strategy laid out. We have a strong 
plan and our teams have been at it in terms of delivering against it. So we do believe that we'll 
continue our focus on our growth drivers as we've laid out earlier as well. And while we do that, 
we will continue to push for a better experience for our consumers as we expand our retail as 
well. 
Deep Shah: 
Thanks and congratulations on this set of numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyank from Vallum Capital. 
Priyank: 
First, on the question of with a strong SSG growth of 8%. Along with -- coupled with gross 
margin expansion of 200 bps, why don't we see that percolating down to the EBITDA margin 
expansion? I mean this model has a significant operating leverage. We understand that. 
 
And I also heard that we have been investing into advertisement. What are the core pockets post 
gross margin, which are dragging down the changeover that is required to be seen with SSG 
coming in as well as with the gross margin expansion? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Priyank, this is Girdhar. You see the large part of the growth in quarter 2 came from the direct 
channels, retail and online B2C, both have an attendant commission as a cost, which becomes 
part of the sellex. So the flow-through is after that. We also continue to invest in marketing, 
which was higher again by 20 basis points. 
 
Having said that, I think our focus has been to reduce discounting, which reduced -- which we 
improved in the last quarter. And going ahead, we will continue to focus on the same. Cost 
improvement is another lever which we continue to work on. But what is taking away the gross 
margin is the commission and some of the variable sellex that come along in the retail and the 
B2C channel. 
Priyank: 
Got it. And why there is a drastic shift in the employee cost over the last 2 quarters that we 
witnessed. Almost 20%... 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Yes, Priyank you have to look at the employee cost on a sequential basis. This July, there has 
been, of course, a salary correction for the company. So that is around 10%. And the quarter-on-
quarter growth on cost is 18%. So 10% is explained by that. And the rest of the cost is largely 
due to a changeover in the management, and there are certain onetime fixed costs, which came 
along with that. We hope that this will be normalized in the coming quarter. 
Priyank: 
Got it. On the strategy side, on the wholesale, I heard that there was a destocking this quarter. 
But if we were to look on the long-term trend of the wholesale on the 3 year basis that it has not 
grown. It has remained in fact flat. So I'm not sure where was the destocking element coming 
into it? Was it something else to think of it on the wholesale channel? And what would be the 
strategy ahead? 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Amisha Jain: 
So if you look at our wholesale channel, first of all, when we look at the consumer sales, we 
have seen high consumer sales. So there, we have seen improvement. In terms of department 
stores as well, we saw a strong growth. 
 
Only in the MBO channel, there has been a marginal impact due to destocking as a result of GST 
transition. But from a consumer sales point of view, I think both the channels have shown pretty 
healthy growth. So from a growth perspective, we expect a high single-digit growth going 
forward. 
Priyank: 
One last question. Amisha, there has been a few targets that we have been chasing, and I'm sure 
we are now following those. There are a few targets which are unmet. Any key changes that you 
think that you will have to do it in your own lens, maybe in a different way or maybe different 
things to be done. Anything that you would want to highlight on that? 
 
And I heard you on your strategy part saying that there would be the investments that would go 
through in the channels as well as marketing. So how should we think of EBITDA margin 
expansion also? A 2-sided question, one on the overall few targets that we were thinking of on 
the long term and on the EBITDA margin side? 
Amisha Jain: 
So, thank you for your question. As I talked about, I think we've kind of laid out and I mean, 
currently, our strategy in terms of driving some of the core pieces. If you look at it, we've been 
after going after places where the consumer is already. We're investing behind our direct 
channels, both on the retail side and on the B2C side, right? 
 
Retail has been driven for like-for-like sales and the net expansion of retail. At the same time, 
we've been driving through the B2C strategy. So that part of it, I think, is on point. And as the 
consumer shifts, we'll be able to capture some of that very, very easily. 
 
Now as we talk, we are in the process of building out our 3-year strategy. And we are -- as the 
team and I kind of work this through, we should be able to present this to the Board in the next 
4 to 5 months. Having said that, as I said earlier, I think our intent here is to make sure that we 
are aligning more closely with how the consumer preferences are shifting. 
 
So from a strategy point of view, I'll kind of reiterate one thing that if you look at our portfolio 
and if you look at the strategy that we've had, I believe that we have a strong portfolio that kind 
of straddles through price points. So now the question is, how do we make sure that we go after 
a very sharp brand positioning, drive differentiated offering and deliver a great end-to-end 
experience for these consumers. 
 
Now while we do that, we also want to make sure that to the same set of consumers, we are able 
to expand our offering. So from a wallet share, etc., point of view, our adjacent categories have 
to get harder, and we will start serving them through the relevant demand spaces. We'll make 
sure that we're serving consumers. And we are going after the Gen Z. We're making sure that 
our overall offering sort of caters to the preferences of the consumers. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
The third critical thing, and I think the point that you pointed out as well, is for us to ensure that 
whatever we do, we will keep the consumer at the core of it, right? So segmentation is going to 
be a very critical strategy for us. We're going to get more and more data backed and enhance the 
marketing capabilities. So while we do that, we will obviously double down on investing behind 
demand generation, but we continue to focus on EBITDA. 
 
So to the point on EBITDA, I think the company has been consistently following a certain 
strategy, and we will continue to do that. We have earlier also mentioned that we would like to 
maintain our EBITDA delivery in the zone of about 50 to 80 basis points. And as we build out 
our strategy, that's the direction we will take. 
Priyank: 
Sorry, one just clarification. On the diversification part of the portfolio, which you were alluding 
to, where you said that you had a significant room to grow, would it be within the brands or if 
required, we can think of additional brand acquisitions also in the portfolio? 
Amisha Jain: 
So see, I think going back to what I was saying, I do believe that there is headroom within the 
core categories in our brands itself. So we will make sure that we will go after that. And like I 
was saying that we will make sure that from a consumer point of view, we are serving the 
consumers across different consumer cohorts. 
 
But having said that, we do have an opportunity to look at adjacencies within our brand. So the 
adjacent categories within our brand portfolio, we will go after that and ensure that we are able 
to cater to these consumers based on their needs and preferences. So as consumer preferences 
shift, we want to make sure that through our adjacent categoriesfor hypothetically footwear, 
women's, etc., we will continue to cater to them.  
 
To the second question that you asked that are we looking at outside of this. See, as and when a 
decent strategic opportunity presents itself, we are open to looking at it. And that is something 
we will always look at closely and see if it is strategically aligned to what we are after. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avinash from Motilal Oswal. 
Avinash: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. So my question is regarding the standalone business. 
If you look at it, like that's the one which operates the Arrow wholesale entity. So that segment 
has reported 3% of decline on the 1H to 1H basis. So what would be the reason behind that? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Avinash, this is Girdhar here. Can you repeat the question, please? 
Avinash: 
Speaking for the standalone entity. So the standalone entity has recorded a 3% revenue decline 
on a 1H to 1H basis. So what would be the reason behind this? Standalone is the one that operates 
Arrow business, right? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Yes. 
Avinash: 
So for the first half of FY '26, the stand-alone entity delivered INR350 crores of revenue. This 
was down 1% Y-o-Y? 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Avinash, the primary reason Arrow, of course, the retailing is -- you're aware, is based in the 
subsidiary, right? This represents primarily the wholesale business. And as Amisha said earlier 
and we mentioned, I think at the end of the quarter, there was some kind of a destocking or I 
would say, delay in the billing to the wholesale channel. And that is why you are seeing a very 
muted growth there. 
Avinash: 
I mean not for the second quarter, even if I look on a 1H to 1H basis, even then there's a 3% 
decline? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
But largely, this can be explained. You see H1 is a reflection of what happens in quarter 2. And 
quarter 2, we were impacted by the wholesale billing Avinash. 
Avinash: 
Okay. I'll get back with you on that. Second thing is like we are adding a good number of store 
additions, but the store closures were also there. So in the first half, we have closed somewhere 
around 35-odd stores. So to which brand are these stores pertaining to? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
So Avinash, we added 24 stores and we closed 16 stores. The stores that have been closed are 
largely small stores, and you will see that we have still added 10 stores net addition, but the total 
addition is 36,000 square feet. So we are shutting down a few of our small stores and adding 
larger stores. Having said that, the large chunk of the new store additions is coming in U.S. Polo. 
Avinash: 
Okay. And the store closures, is it specific to single brand or... 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
So they are there across all the brands. We are actually kind of rationalizing our store size. And 
you must have noticed that, that has happened over the last 2, 3 quarters. 
Avinash: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And last question is that can you throw some light on the footwear segment? 
See, we know that the segment has an annual run rate of somewhere around INR350 crores. So 
what's the outlook there? What is your near-term and long-term vision for that segment? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
I think if I can come in here, I think the last couple of years, the footwear business was impacted 
by the BIS regulation. And before that phase the business was in exponential growth trajectory. 
I think what is very heartening is that this is a business now which has come back to high 20s 
sort of growth rate. 
 
And we still believe the business will catch further momentum as the entire supply chain 
stabilizes. So this is one of those growth drivers, which I think will be a very large one for the 
company. We would actually expect to hope to double the size of the company of footwear in 
the next 3 years or so. 
 
So I think it's a very exciting space where we have built very unique capabilities. I think the 
product market fit we have got in the sneaker business is very, very unique. So we are leaning 
in very heavily, and I think the growth is now coming back with the BIS disturbances behind us. 
Avinash: 
Okay. Got it. And one small question regarding the footwear. Is it like entirely 100% retail 
business or do we also have a distribution or in the footwear ones? 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
There is a little bit of key account business, but we don't do multi-brand in footwear. We do 
online both wholesale and direct. So we don't have an MBO business in footwear. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashutosh from ICICI Securities. 
Ashutosh: 
So my first question is on the overall apparel sector. So we have seen that last year, it was largely 
impacted by cut in the discretionary spends. But now there seems to be a growth momentum 
coming in, especially for the premium brands, even like other premium retailers have also 
highlighted a similar trend. So is my understanding overall correct about the premium segment? 
 
Like I understand that there has been personal tax cut, and the recent GST cut, which is definitely 
aiding growth. But apart from that, is there any other consumer sentimental shift that is 
happening or there are a few internal drivers that is making this shift? So anything on this would 
be really helpful? 
Amisha Jain: 
So as you can see, we've obviously continued to clock pretty solid growth. And if you look at 
our H1 between Q1 and Q2 both, I think we've seen consistent growth. Now there are 2 parts to 
it. Yes, there has been a macro impact. 
 
So from a stimulus provided from the tax cuts that have come in and also very recently with the 
GST reforms coming in, we do believe that this puts sort of a stimuli behind the consumer 
demand in general, and we're expecting that this will continue in the medium term. So that's one 
part of it. 
 
Having said that, from our perspective, we have always been talking about one thing is that we 
want to make sure that we're catering to our consumers from a solid premiumization point of 
view. And if you look at our portfolio, we've been premiumizing across our brands, and that is 
something that has really worked for us. So that is a definite trend. 
 
And also our brands are strong and they are catering to segments which are actually trading up. 
So that's an important part of it. Having said that, I think one key lever and something that 
consistently has been our strength is our product innovation.  
And if you look at our brands and let me take the example of U.S. Polo. 
 
We've been after improving and while increasing from a premiumization point of view. But at 
the same time, you'll see a lot of innovation that has come in the brand as well.  
And that is the consistent story if you look at Arrow as well. 
 
I think in terms of bringing in whether it is coming through the lines of New York or Elixir or 
whether it is putting or investing behind our franchises like Autoflex, we've been consistently 
after innovation. So that's driving some of the growth in our brands as well. And Tommy and 
CK are much loved brands. We sit in a premium segment and both of them continue to show 
strong growth as well. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Ashutosh: 
Okay. Understood. Very clear. So my next question is on the channel. So like I heard that the 
retail focus is there, and I guess it's already around 43% of the total revenue. So I just wanted to 
understand what would be the optimum mix between these channels, especially the retail going 
forward? So it's already at 43%. So -- and you have highlighted that there will be like 100 to 200 
basis points of improvement in retail plus online this year. So -- but what after that? 
Amisha Jain: 
Yes. So I think I'll kind of take a step back. And when we look at how we want to go about, 
again, addressing the consumer needs, the one important thing for us is to make sure that we are 
able to talk to our consumers, are able to learn insights, are able to pivot quickly and are nimble 
enough to adjust to the changing preferences of the consumer. 
 
Now as you think about that, I think fundamentally, what you need is to be really close to the 
consumer. And that is driving our strategy. So we will continue to build on our retail strategy, 
which is making sure that we are catering to the consumers directly through our retail channels. 
At the same time, we will continue to drive through our online B2C business as well. 
 
Our aspiration is to take it from  today, both of these put together are about 50% share of 
business. Our aspiration is to take it upwards from there and make sure that we are able to get to 
about 50% to 70% range in  over the next few years. 
Ashutosh: 
Okay. Understood. And is it possible to give a broad profitability across the channels, a broad 
range is fine? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
I think the right way to look at this is to look at the return on capital employed. I think that is the 
North Star for us in this business. And these direct models have, in a sense, a very good capital 
turn cycle. And on most of our channels from a channel contribution perspective, range between 
20% to 25% channel level profitability. 
 
The channels which are at the early 20s tend to be more gross working capital light and the 
channels which are a little bit on the higher side of the 20% to 25% bucket tend to have a higher 
gross working capital. So net-net, from a ROCE perspective, I would say our direct channels are 
slightly more ROCE accretive. And that's why you are also seeing over time that the ROCE of 
the business is inching up as we scale up. 
Ashutosh: 
Right, right. And just one more question. Is it also possible to broadly give a revenue split across 
or maybe the share split across the 5 key brands? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
We don't give brand-wise details. We've mentioned this also in the past. So some of this is 
competitor sensitive information. So whilst we are giving you a broad perspective of brand 
performance, we won't be able to get into specific numbers. 
Ashutosh: 
No problem, sir. And sir, sorry, one last question. So you have mentioned that the inventory turn 
is at 3.8x right now. So do you think that this is already at the optimal level or there is still scope 
for improvement? And if there is any scope, then what would be the drivers for this 
improvement? 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
You see, I mean, there is always scope for improvement. The biggest driver could be faster 
deployment of our returns and obviously, inventory turns in some of our retail stores. Both these 
put together we are quite optimal and we are at the industry best standards, I would say. But 5% 
to 7% improvement is still possible, which can happen over the next 12 to 18 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chetan from Systematix Group. 
Chetan: 
And congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just wanted to understand, so our adjacent 
categories have seen a strong growth of, say, 20% plus during the quarter. Can you highlight 
how the performance has been for the core apparel business for U.S. Polo and Tommy CK? And 
do the adjacencies, as you explained for the footwear, do other adjacencies have any substantial 
presence beyond our EBOs? And if so, then how is the performance over there? 
Amisha Jain: 
So if you were to look at our brand portfolio, while we've clocked a very hefty growth overall, 
U.S. Polo continues to clock upwards of 20% growth. And that is also coming on the back of 
everything that has gone into it. So from product innovation, premiumization, retail expansion. 
And that is obviously coming from the core part of the brand, . 
 
The core part of the portfolio is actually hitting it quite hard right now. So it's not just the adjacent 
categories that's driving growth in U.S. Polo, but overall growth is being driven from there. And 
in terms of Tommy and CK, I think like we said, I think they've been maintaining a growth 
momentum, and we expect this to continue over a period of time as well. 
 
Like we've also called out earlier, as the consumer is trading up, we are seeing that these 2 brands 
are obviously extremely strong from a brand positioning point of view, from an offering point 
of view, and we expect to see a trend of growth over there as well. 
Chetan: 
Okay. And on the adjacencies part, like, how -- like is it present beyond EBOs? Like for 
footwear, you had explained it, right? For other adjacencies like innerwear, women's wear, kids 
wear? 
Amisha Jain: 
Yes. So kids, we cater to through kids all channels. In terms of innerwear, we are catering that 
through the overall all channels as well, and it has a significant presence between MBO, online, 
retail, etc. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
One of the interesting new adjacencies, which is a big focus area going forward is also going to 
be women's wear. It is the last adjacency in a sense to be launched. It's early stage of its journey, 
but very encouraging growth vectors in that part of the business as well. So I mean, that's a future 
bet where one should see high scale up coming in the years to come. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh from HSBC. 
Nihal Mahesh: 
I have 3 questions. First is on Flying Machine. So there is an improvement in the LTL growth 
there. Just wanted to understand the initiatives that are driving the improvement in that brand? 
Amisha Jain: 
Sure. So I think see Flying Machine has been a journey over the last couple of years. And with 
Flying Machine, what is heartening to see is that we believe the brand’s growth is going in the 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
right direction. As we sharpen our positioning, we actually have gone ahead and improved the 
product range that is out there, and we are also looking at the channel to serve from a consumer 
point of view. 
 
So from all of that perspective, Flying Machine has been a complete 360 effort. And we seem 
to be seeing is solid like-to-like sales and a good initial indicator from our overall retail and a 
channel portfolio point of view as well. So we're quite pleased to see the direction in which the 
brand is going. 
Nihal Mahesh: 
Sure. And talking about the last 6 months, is the overall growth in the brand also strong or is it 
that maybe because of the shift in channels that we are focusing that the retail growth is strong, 
whereas maybe the online business is seeing a bit of a pushback? 
Amisha Jain: 
I think it's a function of product and consumer. So I wouldn't kind of look at it as an either/or. 
What we're seeing is  demand across channels. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
One of the channels within FM, which we have strategically deemphasized is the online 
wholesale. So whilst we are doubling down on direct online, we are reducing or have reduced 
the scale of the wholesale online business. So that's, I would say, the only channel where there 
is an adjustment happening, but all the other channels, as Amisha was saying, are being pushed 
for growth. 
Nihal Mahesh: 
Point taken. The second question was for Arrow and Flying Machine combined together, 
possible to get a sense of where the EBITDA is and what is the target to take it to what range 
over the next 2 to 3? 
Amisha Jain: 
Yes. I think we've kind of stated this earlier as well. The target to take Flying Machine and 
Arrow is in the mid-single digits. And with the efforts that have gone behind both Arrow and 
Flying Machine and Arrow is a little ahead in its journey. 
 
But with the effort of ensuring a strong brand positioning, aligning to from a consumer point of 
view, aligning the product along with it and ensuring that we are segmenting again from both 
the channel point of view and a consumer perspective, as we drive that, we believe that Arrow 
should continue to see growth, and we should see, again, strong productivity coming out of there. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
And as we had mentioned earlier, both these brands will see a higher improvement in bottom 
line year-on-year compared to the rest of the portfolio. So every year, we kind of have set a 
business plan accordingly so that the trajectory goes towards what Amisha mentioned. And I 
think its heartening that both brands for this year are on track for those kind of improvements. 
Nihal Mahesh: 
Just one follow-up here, if it's possible, what has been the improvement Y-o-Y in the first half 
for these 2 brands? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Sorry? 
Nihal Mahesh: 
What is the overall improvement for our Flying Machine and Arrow for the first half, if it's 
possible to share that ballpark? 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
So I won't get into exact specific numbers, but broadly, we had said that if at a company level, 
operating leverage has been b 80 to 100 bps, these 2 brands need to have a certain order of 
magnitude above that. So that's the way their business plans also reflect in terms of percentage 
EBITDA margin improvement. So, we believe that we are on track for that this year. 
Nihal Mahesh: 
Understood. Just one last question that Amisha in your remarks… 
Amisha Jain: 
Sorry. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Your audio isn't clear. Can you just maybe get a bit closer to the mic or something? 
Nihal Mahesh: 
I was asking that, Amisha, you did mention about the fact that if opportunity ever comes up 
beyond the adjacencies and existing brands, it would be considered. In that backdrop, 
considering we've sort of become cash flow positive, net cash positive this year, is there a 
thought that only the existing flows that the business generates would be used for acquisitions 
or like what is the limit that the business is thinking in case ever an acquisition is planned? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
I think right now, we believe that as we are scaling the business, the operating cash flows are 
moving in the right direction and materially so. And as Amisha mentioned, current focus is on 
really ramping up the current portfolio. If and when an opportunity arises, as she mentioned, we 
will be open, but we are not expecting any major capital event, if that is what you were kind of 
asking. I mean, right now, we don't believe the business will require external capital to support 
its strategy. I think the OCF is heading in a very positive direction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from ICICI Direct. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Congrats for great set of numbers. Most of my questions have been answered. I have a few -- 
couple of questions. First on Amisha's initial comment of inventory freshness, which is at all-
time high of 85%. So, I would like to hear from you, what was it earlier? And just your thought 
on how it is helping you or what led to this inventory freshness or what are the strategies which 
is helping you this freshness and whether this strategy is only pertaining to a few brands like 
U.S. Polo, Tommy Hilfiger or it is across your portfolio of brands? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Maybe I'll take this question since I can answer on the transformation journey over the last 3 
years. I think this has been the heart of the transformation effort that the whole team has worked 
on, which is getting the fundamental flow of inventory right. And that means, one, starting with 
really creating strong, differentiated, elevated products. I think across the portfolio, a lot has 
gone into getting the product engine to really fire. 
 
And closely associated with that is to really drive full price sell-through. I think we have seen a 
significant improvement. In some brands, the sell-throughs have gone up by as high as 6% to 
8%. In some brands, it has gone up by 3%, 4%. And that means you are going to have a lot less 
old inventory left in the system post end of season sales. Another big work that the company has 
done is on balancing its channels. 
 
So we have very successfully built Megamart as our in-house liquidation channel. And today, a 
very, very effective channel for us to realize very high value on the end of season left 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
merchandise and with very, very high amount of cash conversion. So it's a very quick, very 
beautiful, efficient channel. 
 
So in a sense, it's been a 360-degree effort right from product to planning to driving the retail 
and ensuring the liquidation channels perfectly being balanced and that has meant us moving 
from a late 60s, early 70s to as high as 85% below 1 year. And that is what is reflected then 
finally in lower discounts and higher LTL. 
 
So these are, I think, the fundamental health parameters of the business, which have seen this 
big transformation. And I think what is heartening to see is that journey is still continuing, and 
we are continuing to see the benefits of that and still moving towards better numbers on this 
front.  ,,,,  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
That is helpful. Sir, my second question is on Flying Machine. So adjacencies we have been 
seeing in most of your brands. So in denim especially, are we looking at some kind of 
adjacencies, which might help us to kind of revive the growth in the -- denim as a category? 
Amisha Jain: 
Yes. So I think, look, I think from a flying machine point of view, I think fundamentally, first, 
we want to make sure that we work on our core categories. And as we get -- and I think I've kind 
of addressed this earlier as well, as we get much sharper with our brand positioning, as we look 
at serving the consumers through the channels of their preference and putting out products that's 
relevant. 
 
I think that's been the core focus, and we will continue to drive the core part of the business first. 
I mean adjacencies will come in later. But at this point in time, I think what we are looking to 
do is to double down on the core. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Right. So just to better understand, double down on core, will it be more from the product 
portfolio innovation point of view or having a correct pricing for the product what is available 
currently in the portfolio? 
Amisha Jain: 
Okay. So I think when you talk about both product and pricing, right, I think fundamental 
question goes back to who is our consumer and who are we catering to. So, as we look at our 
consumer, as we look at the cohorts and the demand spaces around it, we will make sure that 
our product portfolio and the pricing lines up against it. 
                                                It's always going to be a strategy of ensuring that the product portfolio is right from a consumer 
cohort point of view. Having said that, we will also then marry that with the channel that is 
relevant to these consumers. So as we go forward, we will make sure that we are firing on all 3 
pillars, which is the product, the brand and the channel. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from Alfa Accurate Advisors. 
Varun Singh: 
I have 2 questions. First is regarding second half. So given that we have added around 50, 53-
odd stores in the first half, are we in a comfortable situation to add maybe 100 stores in the 
second half? 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
                                                As we've laid out, retail expansion is a very critical part of our strategy, and that kind of includes 
3 things. We want to go after renovating, relocating and upsizing as deemed right from a market 
and catchment point of view. So that's the fundamental thing we are behind. 
 
Now as we look at our BD and as we look at our retail expansion for H2, the answer to your 
question is we've doubled down our investment from a team and from how we're going about it 
over the last couple of quarters. 
 
And we feel that we are on track, and we should be able to land closer to our total net square 
feet addition that we have planned for. And as said earlier, we've kind of put a target for 
ourselves, which is in the zone of about 1.5 lakh net square feet addition. We feel that we are 
actually doing well towards that target. 
 
I will also highlight that I think it is less about the number of stores, but having the optimal size 
of stores, the stores in the right location, I think those are the critical parameters at this point in 
time. 
Varun Singh: 
So, Amisha, I think 150 store addition guidance and maybe 70-odd store closure, which is what 
has happened in FY '25, I mean gross addition was 120 and 74 was store closure. So 1.2 or 0.12 
million is what we added. In FY '26, I think we are supposed to add 0.17 million square feet, not 
0.15. And in case you say 0.15, then does that mean that we are reducing the guidance? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
So, we are in line to what we guided earlier. We added 74,000 in H1, and we are pretty confident 
that we will add the rest of it. 
Varun Singh: 
Okay. Okay. So roughly 100-odd stores, we should be able to add in second half? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
We are working towards that. We have got a good pipeline of stores, and we are hoping that we 
will do that. 
Varun Singh: 
All right. Okay. And secondly, the new stores that we are adding, I mean, from the current 
quarter number, that calculation that we could do is around 3,000, 4,000 is what the number that 
I could see. Please help us understand that whatever new store addition that we are doing, that 
is of what size because system level average store size is around 1,200, 1,300 square feet? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
So our new store additions are anywhere between 1,200 to 2,500 square feet and depending on 
the type and the offering and the catchment. Some stores, we are actually adding marquee stores 
and some Club A stores, which are larger. But the rest of the stores are our normal average size 
between 1,000 to 1,200 square feet. 
Varun Singh: 
Okay. Okay. And just wanted to understand on EBITDA margin that I think earlier we guided 
that 50 bps margin expansion is what we should expect in FY '26. So, from [inaudible 0:53:00] 
in FY '25, 50 bps expansion is 13.5% in FY '26. And given the first half that we have -- I think 
the required run rate in second half is 14% or more than 14% EBITDA margin. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
 
So is this number -- I mean, are we comfortable with 14% kind of an EBITDA margin in second 
half given that Amisha also called out regarding A&P investments, etc., to also be on the 
strategic cards for driving growth? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
So, what we had guided earlier in terms of EBITDA margin growth, we are pretty confident of 
achieving that. 
Varun Singh: 
We are confident of achieving that. So I think in first half, 12.6% EBITDA margin, second half 
14.3% is what the number coming up. So I think we understood. And one last question on the 
online part. I think you called out that we are defocusing online wholesale business. 
 
But in the current quarter number, I could see that your growth for the online B2B has been 
much higher compared to online B2C. So I mean, how should we understand the reasoning for 
this growth and the defocus that you mentioned, consequently the... 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Varun, if we look at our investor deck and the numbers that Amisha also said, both are in line. 
Online B2C actually grew faster, almost like 50% and online B2B degrew, sorry, it did not 
degrew, but it grew much lesser actually, 10% only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Bharati from Nuvama. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Girdhar, you mentioned that employee cost on a Q-on-Q basis would have been 10% higher 
otherwise, if not for that the management change. So if we adjust for that, the gross margin -- 
the EBITDA margin expansion would have been close to 90 basis points. And is that the 
sustainable number which you are, let's say, shooting for at least for this current fiscal moving 
forward as the employee cost normalizes? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
I mean mathematically, what you're saying is right, Rajiv. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Yes, maybe I can come in here. I think the last 3 years, we have consistently been more than 100 
bps operating leverage in this business. And one slight difference in the next 3 years, I would 
say, is while fundamentally, we can continue in that trajectory because we've got further 
operating leverage coming in and some of the lower-performing brands are moving up faster, 
we intend to up our marketing spend. 
 
And that's, I think, something we have mentioned in the last couple of quarters that our 
percentage of marketing as a percentage of sales is being taken up. So in a sense, we are taking 
a bit of that operating leverage and investing in future growth. 
 
And that's why I think depending on which quarter, possibly the range of operating leverage you 
would see would be somewhere between 50 bps to 100 bps. It could go up and down because of 
the way the marketing is going to play out and the way we are investing in the brand. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sure. I mean you partly answered it, but considering that last year also, I think on the AFL side, 
we have grown at 13% and we barely saw any operating leverage on that entity. And now we 
have -- on the retail side, we have grown at least 20% on USPA side. Would we expect operating 
leverage coming in that side or you are going to... 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
I think you should expect now operating leverage in all parts of the business, and that's what's 
actually also come through in H1. So, you should expect that in the full year also. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sure. Lastly, one question to Amisha. So, we have heard a lot of continuity from what Shailesh 
was continuing on, let's say, brand extension and expanding the network. But are there any other 
low-hanging fruits which you are targeting to impact your change of guard and something which 
you are bringing on the table, which is very new, which we have not seen so far? 
Amisha Jain: 
Sure. So, I'll kind of again go back and talk in terms of fundamentally how we are thinking about 
things. A, like I mentioned, I think a strong portfolio of 5 brands, and we believe that there is 
headroom there. So, as we look at these 5 brands as well, right, we want to make sure that we 
are articulating and extremely sharp on how we are positioning our brand. So from a brand 
positioning, consumer communication and how we talk to our consumer, you will see that we 
will double down over there. 
 
The second thing we will talk about is going forward is also looking at how we are catering to 
this consumer from a product point of view. So, sharpening our merchandising range, sharpening 
the way the product portfolio, the pricing of the portfolio, aligning that to the consumers that we 
serve is going to be a second large thing. 
 
Now as you look at the consumer, you look at the product portfolio that you sort of cater to them, 
then you want to make sure that you are talking to them. So, and hence, we will be looking at a 
sharp segmentation. We will be data backed, and we will ensure that we are improving and going 
after our marketing capabilities also. 
 
So enhancing that through technology in everything we do. We're going to make sure that we 
are going to leverage that from a consumer targeting point of view. Now as I said this, I think 
it's also important to understand that when you talk about product, when you talk about brand, 
the critical thing is to make sure that the last vertical, which is the last pillar, which is channel 
has to stack up right for each brand. 
 
So we will be looking at these 3 things in a very sharp manner across our brand portfolio. Largely 
speaking, I would say that there will be 2 large enablers to the business in the future. One is 
obviously, I've already spoken about, which is improving the way we look at data and ensuring 
that we make a lot of data backed decisions, and that should also inform the way we talk to our 
consumers, the way we target them, the way we segment them. That's one part of it. 
 
The second is we will be looking at technology in pretty much everything we do. So how we go 
to market, how we cater to the consumer, how do we look at merchandising. Every part of our 
value chain, we will ensure that there is acceleration from a technology point of view as well 
over the years. 
Moderator: 
We will take that as the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Girdhar 
for closing comments. 

 
 
Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
November 04, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Girdhar Chitlangia: 
Thank you, everybody, for joining the call today. If you have any more questions, please feel 
free to reach out to us, and we would be happy to answer them offline. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Arvind Fashions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
