 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2025-26/75                                                                        Date – January 16, 2026  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and nine months ended December 
31, 2025, conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors on January 14, 2026 which can also be 
accessed on the website of the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial-
information/shareholder-presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sonali Nitin 
Chandak
Digitally signed by 
Sonali Nitin Chandak 
Date: 2026.01.16 
17:12:10 +05'30'

 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 14, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. NAOZAD SIRWALLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
 
MR. 
SIMAL 
KANUGA 
– 
CHIEF 
INVESTOR 
RELATIONS OFFICER 
  
 
 
 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. From the management team, 
we have Mr. Navneet Munot, Mr. Naozad Sirwalla and Mr. Simal Kanuga. I 
now hand this call over to Mr. Simal Kanuga, who will give us a brief, 
following which we will proceed with the Q&A session. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, everyone, and appreciate you all joining 
this call. We trust you have had an opportunity to review our presentation.  
I'll begin with an overview of the industry. As of 31st December 2025, the total 
AUM stood at INR80.2 trillion. Equity and equity-oriented net new flows 
continued to see healthy momentum during this quarter, adding another 
INR1,188 billion. For the calendar year 2025, net inflows into this category 
added up to INR4,752 billion compared to INR5,420 billion in 2024. 
 
In aggregate, over the past 2 calendar years, net new flows have exceeded 
INR10 trillion or approximately USD115 billion. Systematic investment plan 
remained a key structural driver for the industry. Monthly SIP inflows reached 
INR310 billion in December 2025, highest levels recorded to date. 
 
The SIP asset base increased to INR16.6 trillion, accounting for over 20% of 
industry AUM and significantly higher proportion of equity and equity-
oriented AUM. For calendar year 2025, total inflows from SIPs amounted to 
INR3.3 trillion. 
 
Debt funds saw net outflows of INR163 billion during the quarter, while liquid 
funds witnessed net inflows of INR147 billion, an additional INR112 billion 
came in arbitrage funds. Quarter ended December witnessed INR327 billion of 
net new flows in gold and silver ETFs. This category now contributes to the 
tune of 18% of industry ETF AUM. 
 
We now move to us.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
Overall, QAAUM crossed INR9 trillion, while equity-oriented AUM exceeded 
INR6 trillion, resulting in an asset mix with equity at 65.5%. The number of 
unique investors for the industry increased by 6.4 million as compared to 
December 2024. For us, this increase was 2.8 million, taking our total unique 
investors to 15.4 million, a penetration of 26%. Systematic transactions, which 
includes SIP and STP reached INR47.3 billion in December 2025, representing 
a Y-o-Y growth of 24% or an absolute increase of INR9.1 billion. 
 
Turning to our PMS business. AUM crossed INR50 billion during the quarter. 
We also secured a couple of large mandates during the quarter. In alternatives, 
we completed the first close of our structured credit fund, raising commitments 
of approximately INR13 billion from institutions, family offices and UHNI 
investors. 
 
Now on to financials.  
Total revenue for the quarter was INR12,332 million. Operating revenue came 
in at INR10,743 million, a growth of 15% Y-o-Y. Other income was INR1,589 
million. Total expenses were INR2,186 million. As a result, operating profit 
for the quarter was INR8,557 million with an operating margin of 36 basis 
points. 
 
Profit after tax stood at INR7,701 million, translating into a Y-o-Y growth of 
20%. So, thank you very much for patient hearing. Navneet, Naozad and I are 
here to take all questions. We can start building the question queue, please. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take our first question from the line of Kushagra 
Goel from CLSA. Please go ahead.  
Kushagra Goel: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question and congrats on a good set of numbers. 
Just had one question. So, your operating profit margin, that sort of went up by 
1 bp or so. So, 35 bps went to 36. So just wanted to understand if there was 
some specific reason. I see your other expenses was materially lower, but just 
wanted to understand more on that? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Hi Kushagra, Naozad here. You are right, from a quarter on quarter basis, it's 
gone up by 1 basis point. That's largely because other expenses were lower for 
this quarter. Previous quarter, we had a larger expenditure on CSR. Also, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
certain marketing, business and promotion expenditure was slightly more in 
the previous quarter as compared to this quarter. So that's one. 
Kushagra Goel: 
Got it, sir. Also, just one more question. In terms of your growth momentum, 
how do you see it going forward, if you could share some guidance or 
something on that front? That's all. Thank you.  
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Growth in context of... 
Kushagra Goel: 
In general, for the industry and how do you see HDFC placed, if you could 
share... 
Navneet Munot: 
Overall growth and how are we placed? 
Kushagra Goel: 
Yes, yes. Like share some thoughts on that aspect. 
Navneet Munot: 
So, you would have seen the latest number on the SIP where the industry 
crossed INR31,000 crores in the month of December, despite the fact that there 
has been quite a bit of volatility in the market and returns have been muted for 
last 15, 18 months. But I think the momentum in the SIP book has been 
continuing. Industry has been adding more number of investors, more number 
of folios month-after-month, quarter-after-quarter. 
 
We have been participating very well. There is a slide in our presentation on 
our new account addition, our new investor addition and you can clearly see 
that we've been participating very well across all channels, across all 
geographies, across all asset classes and products. And I feel very optimistic 
on the overall industry growth for next several years. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. My first question is on the PMS 
and AIF. So, I think you have put a separate slide on that. So, I've got two, 
three questions within that. So, first is basically just wanted to know what is 
the NDPMS and PMS fee, if you can just separate it. Second is that how big is 
this EPFO mandate? And thirdly, if you can tell me the growth overall in the 
PMS and AIF segment? 
Navneet Munot: 
On the PMS side, we have two segments, discretionary and non-discretionary. 
We have been adding accounts and growing on both sides. We have focused 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
on the both sides. On the EPFO and SPFO mandate, as you would appreciate, 
this segment operates with very, very tight economics. It's very competitive. 
But these mandates allow us to participate meaningfully in the ecosystem. We 
build execution capability. We enhance our platform and gives us an 
opportunity to offer that product to many other clients in the same segment and 
related segment. 
 
So, we see this as a strategic phase where capability building and scale take 
precedence over immediate margins from a quarter-to-quarter perspective. 
Secondly, I think Simal mentioned earlier that we have crossed the INR5,000 
crore number in terms of AUM apart from these two mandates where I think 
we are in the process of signing and then executing the agreement, etcetera. 
 
So, they will get executed in some time. But we have -- on the team side, we 
have hired senior resources across investments and services that will help us 
build this business. So, PMS on the fixed income side, on equity side, both 
discretionary and non-discretionary, we would like to build that gradually. 
Navneet Munot: 
On the overall alternatives, so most of you are aware about the first VC/PE 
Fund of Fund. You might have seen the recent announcement. We announced 
the first close of our structured credit fund. And what humbles us is our 
partnership with IFC. We are very proud of our partnership with the IFC. 
They're coming as the anchor investors. 
 
The fund has declared its first close and has raised commitments of about 
INR1,290 crores. And another feature of that INR1,290 crores is that almost 
70% has come in from investors who have contributed INR25 crores or more. 
So, underscoring strong participation from ultra-high net worth individuals and 
institutions in the fund. So, we've got institutions, family offices, ultra-high net 
worth individuals participating in that. And IFC as a partner and anchor 
investor will contribute up to INR220 crores to the fund. 
 
Our partnership with IFC is rooted in a shared vision of expanding access to 
financing for midsized corporates, midsized enterprises that drive 
manufacturing output, that drive employment, that drive regional development. 
And this is the first step in what we think will be a long and meaningful journey 
of working together in developing the private credit market on India. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
And overall, on the private market side, we have been engaging with a lot of 
other global institutions and domestic institutions. The team is working on 
creating a second fund on private equity and venture capital front. We did that 
first VC/PE Fund of Funds and a large part of that is already committed, and 
we would soon be coming with the second fund, and we'll be engaging with a 
few large global institutional clients for that as well. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood, sir. This is very helpful. Sir, just one follow-up, sir. In terms of 
yields, sir, how much are discretionary PMSs and while how much are non-
discretionary PMSs. If you can just throw some light on that? 
Simal Kanuga: 
We have not given those yields out. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Capital. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Sir, my first question would be on the asset class yield for the quarter. Could 
you just share those numbers? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes, sure. So, equity is around 56, 57 basis points. This includes index funds. 
Debt is 27, 28 basis points and liquid would be 12, 13 basis points. And the 
blended yield is around 45. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Blended, you said is around 45, 46 basis points. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
For the quarter is 45, for 9 months, it's 46. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right. So, we see that overall, the yield number has been decently resilient over 
the last 6 quarters. I'm assuming if we remove the passive from the equity, the 
active would be closer to 58, something around that number. So, despite the 
growth in the AUM, we are seeing this resilience. So, is there anything to read 
into this? 
Navneet Munot: 
You know us well. For us, scale, quality and profitability, all three are 
important. And we don't sacrifice profitability just for market share or for scale. 
For us, that's very critical. We've been able to maintain it very well and overall 
operating margins also, I think keeping a tight leash on the cost side, we have 
been able to maintain operating margins in a tight band despite, of course, the 
telescopic pricing has an impact, but we've been trying to keep a tight leash on 
cost. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry, sir, your audio was not very clear. Can you just repeat the last part, 
please? 
Navneet Munot: 
I'm saying, of course, there is an impact of telescopic pricing. As market goes 
up, there would be impact on the fund level or overall asset class level margins. 
But the overall operating margins, we've been able to maintain well with tight 
leash on cost. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
So that is exactly what I wanted to understand that the impact of telescopic 
pricing has not been visible. So, what is that you are doing to offset that impact? 
Or what is leading to that impact not being visible? And how do you see the 
trajectory going forward? Do you think these yields will remain steady at this 
level, or we are expecting that for a 10%, 12% growth in AUM, there will be 
some decline in the yield? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, on the equity margins, I mentioned that some degree of compression is 
inevitable over time because you have a sliding scale structure of TER, so 
which naturally leads to lower expense ratio as the AUM scales. So, we're 
conscious of this dynamic and therefore, bake this reality into our pricing 
decision on the incremental and the new flows. So, they constantly keep getting 
adjusted on the new flows and now new flows are also becoming sizable. So, 
over a couple of years, they also make an impact. 
But as I mentioned earlier that despite the impact of telescopic pricing, we have 
managed to keep our margins in the 33 to 36 basis point range. That reflects 
like disciplined cost management as well as the operating leverage. And you 
asked like going forward, so we continue to work hard to maintain margins 
within this band.  
We recognize that this is easier said than done. But I've mentioned this earlier 
that margins are only one way of looking at the business. We keep a close 
watch on that, but the real focus has to be on growing absolute profits in a 
sustainable way. And as long as profits continue to compound, I mean, we are 
comfortable with how the business is evolving. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right, sir. And sir, what is the impact of the 2 regulatory changes that are 
expected to go live from 1st of April? One is what is the gross impact? And 
how do you see how this will be passed on? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure, Devesh. So, what has changed? Firstly, removal of 5 basis points of 
additional TER, which AMCs were allowed to charge in lieu of exit load. So, 
exit load since 2012 was going to the books of the fund. Once the new 
regulations come in play, this is gone. The impact for the industry as a whole 
is definitely material. So active equity-oriented mutual fund industry is at 
INR44 trillion and 5 basis points on that comes to about INR2,200 crores. So, 
to put numbers in context for FY '25, total operating profit of the industry as a 
whole was around INR16,000 crores. So, this is definitely material. 
Second change, in the expense ratio construct. So rather than all statutory 
levies, which were built in as part of the TER, now we have base TER plus 
statutory levies. So, methodology or for that matter, accounting has changed. 
The slabs have been accordingly readjusted, realigned. You would have seen 
the new slab table. The smaller schemes will benefit to an extent because of 
this change and will largely set off the loss due to 5 basis point reduction, which 
I spoke about earlier. 
Lastly, third thing is the rationalization of brokerage limits, what we pay on 
our transactions. So, this is in reference to brokerage we pay to buy and sell 
securities. So, brokerage for cash market transactions is now reduced to 6 basis 
points from the cap of 12 basis points earlier, but this 6 now excludes levies. 
So comparable number to 12 is now from 8.5 basis points odd. So, between the 
first and the second point, that is the 5 basis points and the GST, etcetera, a few 
of our larger schemes will see an impact. That is a reduction in TER. Smaller 
schemes less affected as TER reduction due to this 5 basis points going away 
is largely offset by redefined slabs. Larger schemes definitely are getting 
impacted. Actually, you'll be surprised, Devesh, that many of the smaller 
schemes will see increased TER. So, we are evaluating the way forward with 
an objective to contain the financial impact, if any. 
All I can say is that you have a precedence on how we handled the same in 
2019. We understand the sensitivity and we'll optimize to the finest in terms of 
impact on margins. The positive side of this change, if I can highlight, one is 
reduced TER and hence, even better alpha. So clearly in favor of larger sized 
funds. I've mentioned this several times earlier that the larger funds because of 
the telescopic pricing charge lower TER and the alpha keeps getting baked in. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
So, the long-term positive impact of this, in my opinion, is not as well 
understood. So, I mean, I can say classic bitter pill theory, long term good for 
the alpha. So, my investment team is smiling for sure. The positive aspect is 
that regulator and industry is always focused on enhancing transparency. So, 
this is another step forward where one knows what the fees and what's the 
statutory levies. To sum it all up, we'll work on managing financial impact and 
on the other hand, further optimize alpha for our investors. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Yes, absolutely, sir. And one final one, sir. What are the plans for the schemes 
that were managed by Roshi? I know currently, those have been allocated 
within the team. So that is how it's going to be or we are looking to hire? What 
exactly are the plans? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I mean, you've heard the change in the fund manager . And so, I mean, you 
would also know Amar Kalkundrikar who joined us a few months back. He 
was with us for over 15 years, left us for a few years and has come back as 
Senior Fund Manager. I think, he's managing almost like INR40,000 crores or 
so across a few funds.  
Maybe let me take this opportunity to talk about the overall investment team, 
Devesh, if you allow me. I'm sure many of you would agree because several of 
you also interact with all of my colleagues on the investment side that, we have 
one of the most experienced investment team in the industry. 
And not only experienced, but an enviable long-term track record across 
market cycles. All of them have seen multiple market cycles and have done 
well. So, on the equity side, we have Head of Equities and Senior Fund 
Managers who manage the diversified funds. Least experienced among these 
would be like 20, 21 years of industry experience. And over and above, we 
have a team of analysts. 
Several of them are designated Fund Managers for their respective sectoral and 
thematic funds. Clearly, like among the most experienced team in the industry, 
we take deep pride in them. Some of them have started managing more 
diversified mandates. You are aware like Anand Laddha, has been managing 
now our value fund.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
So, I think a firm that has been around for 25 years, we have seen transitions 
in the past, and our view is that we have handled the same extremely well. We 
continue to expand our team and remain like very confident. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Alright sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight 
Fintrade. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Good evening to the team. I have two questions. My first question is to Mr. 
Munot. First of all, congratulations on the quarter. With HDFC AMC's strong 
brand and evolving investor presence, how do you see the next two, three years 
shaping up in terms of product innovation and investor engagement, especially 
as passive flow rises and digital platforms reshape the distribution, what should 
the stakeholders expect as the defining theme from your leadership in this 
space? That's my first question. I'll ask my second question after that. 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. So, first question is on the overall product pipeline. So, if you look at our 
product portfolio, I think it's largely complete across the key categories, 
whether you look at active equity, fixed income, money markets, both on the 
active side, passive side, we are more or less complete. From time to time, we 
may look at select sectoral or thematic funds, but only where the investment 
team has strong conviction and sees a clear opportunity. And these launches 
are likely to be like few and far between. But otherwise, I think we have a best-
in-class product portfolio with a long-term track record, and we continue to 
focus on like all of them. 
And if you're talking about the overall platform, then apart from the mutual 
fund, we continue to enhance our PMS, AIF, International, GIFT City offering 
because these platforms allow us to address a wider range of client 
requirements. So, I think overall approach is to deepen and strengthen what we 
already have and add selectively where it generally makes sense.  
Sucrit D. Patil: 
So, my second question is to Mr. Naozad. On the financial side, beyond 
margins, how are you thinking about capital efficiency in this space, balancing 
shareholder returns or any tech investment or any cost structure discipline in 
place? Do you see the scope for a shift in deployment priorities as digital 
adoption accelerate? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
From a deployment of capital towards digital, I think that's an ongoing process. 
We continue to invest in technology and digital platforms over the years. That's 
already baked in, whether it's in the form of certain capex or largely through 
the opex. So that doesn't really change. 
From the balance sheet utilization of cash, if that's what your question is to. 
Our dividend payouts for the last two years have been almost close to the entire 
post-tax cash profits that we generate as a business, we have paid out. That's 
what the Board has done for the last two financial years. 
We have also used capital to good effect to seed our alternate platforms. So, 
we are a material investor in our alternatives fund of fund that we launched a 
couple of years ago. You'd have probably read and we discussed in the credit 
fund that we have just announced the first close. Again, the company has 
meaningfully committed around 14% of the corpus committed by the balance 
sheet of the company. 
So, we will use the balance sheet judiciously for seeding businesses. And the 
third option of strategic acquisitions, stroke any kind of enhancement always 
is on the table. We do have a look at a lot of transactions that happen in the 
market. So, whenever the time, the pricing and the business works out for us, 
we'll look at that as well. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
I think that's good guidance on your part, and best of luck for next quarter. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please 
go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Good evening, everyone. So just a few questions. One, you kind of articulated 
on your investment management bandwidth. But let's say, since the time this 
news regarding Roshi exiting the company and some of the funds kind of being 
in a transitionary phase has been floating around.  
Let's say, over the last two, three months in terms of flows into these particular 
funds, if you can give some granular understanding of how the trajectory has 
been. And also, in terms of your communication to the distributor or 
interactions with the distributors, has there been any back and forth in terms of 
customer interactions or some negative sentiment floating around? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
My second question, you mentioned that on the MF circular, you will be kind 
of following a similar practice to that of 2019. And to the finest possibility, 
you will be trying to mitigate most of the impact. But internally, have you kind 
of deliberated what can be, let's say, the worst-case scenario despite all the 
mitigants and whether you're confident of, let's say, mitigating the entirety like 
you did in 2019? And the third and last question is on the alternates business. 
Obviously, you've launched a few funds over the last 2 or 3 quarters. If I were 
to take a more of a long-term view, let's say, over the next 3 to 5 years, what 
sort of AUM or revenue mix do you really aspire from this segment? Yes. So 
those are my 3 questions. 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. So first, on the one fund manager. Dipanjan, you will appreciate, I mean, 
we have been around for 25 years, and we have seen transitions in the past. 
And I think we have handled it extremely well. You would give us the credit, 
I mean, we had a legendary CIO, I always have been and will always remain 
in deep gratitude to him for what he has built and what he has done. 
But at the same time, the strategies that were managed by him, some of them 
are the ones which have seen the highest growth at our end in last couple of 
years. And the overall team's experience, the pedigree, the overall quality of 
our research, the quality of the risk management, governance, long-term 
orientation, fundamental research and all of that, I don't have to overemphasize 
on that. 
So, we do everything in our power to retain talent across the organization and 
not just in the investment team, but we have handled a few transitions here and 
there very well, and we remain very, very confident. I also mentioned about 
like -- I mean, one of the fund manager, who was with us for 15 years, left us 
and has come back. 
You will hear that the current analysts who are managing sector and thematic 
funds, increasingly managing diversified equity funds because they have 
handled size for a couple of years. 
And we continue to remain on the lookout for at any point in time, we see a 
differentiated skill set who fits in nicely within the culture that we have, within 
the team that we have and the setup we have. We would continue to build our 
investment team and we'll share more on this as we go ahead here. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Your second question was on the TER, how do we optimize that. Yes. I 
mentioned earlier that, I mean 2019 is a classic example. You can go back and 
see the playbook, how we handled the same. We understand the sensitivity 
around it, and then we will optimize that in terms of impact on the margins. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Also, I think, Dipanjan, if you look at versus 2019, the magnitude this time is 
much smaller, right? That time, we had an impact of nearly 25-odd basis points. 
And what Navneet touched upon earlier, this time, there is a 5 basis. Some of 
the smaller schemes are seeing realignment of expenses and thereby the kind 
of reduction out there is virtually very, very small or in some cases, even 0. So, 
I think net-net, this time, in terms of prudently managing, we think we'll be 
able to handle it well. 
Navneet Munot: 
On your third part on the alternatives, etcetera, so it would be pertinent for me 
to state that the core business itself where we have done reasonably well over 
time, that continues to grow and we'll put in all the effort, time, money, 
everything for that to see continued growth across equity and debt, across 
active and passive. 
But beyond our mutual fund business, we do have our eyes well set on whether 
it's PMS, whether it's alternatives, whether it's international business. We have 
taken meaningful steps over the last couple of years to build these businesses. 
I mean, we're building the very, very solid foundation brick-by-brick. 
You would appreciate that we have grown our business with a sharp focus on 
quality, scale and profitability. So even beyond our mutual fund business, 
whatever we are doing, we intend to replicate this approach. So, in PMS 
alternative, international, build meaningful high-quality and profitable 
platform that strengthen the overall franchise over the long run. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Divij Punjabi from Banyan Tree 
Advisors. 
Divij Punjabi: 
I just had one question. So, on the passive segment, we have been seeing good 
growth momentum. So, can you talk about the underlying factors that are 
leading to this from the investors' point of view? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean a large part of that growth is from some of the institutional mandates. 
As you are aware that EPFO and some of the other pension and provident funds 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
have been investing into some of the ETFs. And of course, the exempted funds 
also invest in those funds. Then you have some of the insurance companies 
participating in a couple of products. 
And recently, we have seen a significant growth in gold and silver ETF and 
fund of fund. So, some of these are the categories. We have been a pioneer on 
the index fund side. We were one of the first ones to launch those products, 
and they've grown meaningfully. 
In fact, I mentioned this earlier that on the equity index fund, our market share 
on the passive side is higher than what we have on the active side. And then 
again, the value of the brand, franchise, distribution, all of that really matters. 
And of course, investment performance there is more about the tracking error 
than the alpha. 
So, there is a preference among some of the customers and advisers for 
mirroring the market. And we have a very comprehensive product portfolio 
and a full setup to make the most of it. 
And I've always mentioned that our idea is that wherever investors and our 
partners want to participate in the market, be it on the active side or on the 
passive side. And I've spoken a bit about alternatives. I mean, we are like fully 
ready. For us, the core strength that we have as an organization is our 
investment management capability, our risk management capability and our 
product management capability. And we continue to sharpen that. And whether 
an investor comes through any route, I think we have the best-in-class product 
offering for everyone. 
Divij Punjabi: 
Sure. And from a medium-term perspective, any insight on where we see this 
going? Like currently, it's around 10% of the AUM mix. From maybe 3 to 5-
year perspective, like where do we see this going? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, a couple of times, I don't know in this call or maybe in some other forums, 
I've given parallels between the asset management industry growth in US from 
'80s onwards and what we are seeing in India over the last couple of years. I 
think over the next several years, we are going to see significant growth in asset 
management. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
So, formalization of the economy, digitalization of the economy, 
financialization of savings, financialization of assets. All of these are like 
structural trends. And over a period of time, we'll see like newer asset classes 
emerging, people investing, one like mutual funds, which has been like time-
tested, beautiful product with a track record. Some of the fund houses like ours 
have a track record going back 30 years. 
Some of the investors may like to participate through passive, within that, 
either the index fund or the ETFs. We are seeing some of the other asset classes, 
whether it's REITs, InvITs, private markets. I talked about our plans on the 
alternative side to participate in the private markets. Almost all the segments 
are likely to grow. And you can see from '80s onwards how several of these 
segments have grown in US. 
And maybe I think in terms of the size of the economy, size of the market, 
structure of the market, several of those were like very similar. And I think 
credit to our regulators who have been very pragmatic and have been deeply 
focused on investor education and investor protection. I think they continue to 
do a good job on that. There is significant growth potential on all segments. 
So, people ask me like active versus passive, how this will grow. And I say, I 
think I hope that in my lifetime, I don't have to answer that question. In my 
lifetime, it will remain active and passive rather than active versus passive. 
Divij Punjabi: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi. Good evening. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. And most of my 
questions have been answered. Just wanted to understand, did you disclose the 
asset class-wise yield this time around. As a data keeping question, I wanted 
that. 
And it would be fair to assume that given these changes in the whole TER 
calculation system and the 15-basis points reduction and, you know, excluding 
the statutory levies, especially on that change, would that be neutral to our 
P&L, especially on that specific change. Or -- my sense is that it should largely 
be neutral, but just I wanted to just confirm it. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Navneet Munot: 
So, Madhukar, repeating again that I explained in detail that larger schemes 
definitely are getting impacted. And I also mentioned that you'll be surprised 
that many of the smaller schemes will see increased TER. At our end, I've said 
that while the reduced TER means higher alpha and particularly for the larger 
sized funds, and there is a long-term positive implication of that. 
But on the other side, whatever little impact of the reduction on account of exit 
load or all the expense ratio construct is there, we will optimize it to ensure 
that we remain highly focused on the -- on our profitability. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Sir, if we were just to look at the -- if we were to exclude the exit load construct 
and only look at this reduced TER. So there also, we would see a little bit of a 
negative impact, is what -- is that what you're saying? And then obviously, we 
would take compensatory steps. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Madhukar, it would be both ways, right. Some of the schemes, there will be a 
positive impact. Some of the schemes, there will be negative impact. So as 
Navneet touched upon earlier, we'll optimize on both sides and make it sure 
that the net margins that we speak of remain within the acceptable band. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. Understood. And the asset class-wise yield, sorry, I joined a little 
late. I may have missed that earlier, yes. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes, Madhukar, we did give that earlier, but I'll repeat it for your benefit. So, 
equity yields came at 56, 57 basis points. It includes index funds. Debt yields 
were between 27 and 28 basis points and liquid between 12 and 13 basis points. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Jani from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Thank you and congratulations on a strong quarter. Two questions. One is, I 
don't know if you've named this out. Is there a new ESOP issuance? And can 
you just elaborate as to then what will be, what is the ESOP cost will look like? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes, sorry, the question is on ESOP cost, right? 
Gaurav Jani: 
That's correct, sir. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, I've given it out in the previous calls as well. So, the noncash expense on 
account of ESOPs for the full year would be about INR68 crores. For the first 
9 months, it's about INR47 crores. 
Gaurav Jani: 
So that doesn't change, right? I mean, whatever estimates you have given, that 
doesn't change. There's not a new ESOP issuance, right? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
The material ESOP issuance happened last year. But as and when additional 
resources and people join us, we'll have small incremental issuances. Today 
also we announced a small issuance. So that's an ongoing process that will 
continue. But that will not change this expense estimates we had given out 
previous quarter very materially. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Understood. Thanks. And secondly, sir, Navneet, sir, to you. You did mention 
of the 5-basis point impact on the overall AMC profits. Just wanted to kind of 
have your opinion as to how are we thinking in terms of passing that on and 
what is the dialogue with distributors? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I did give details, it will depend on the size of the scheme. And, of course, 
wherever there was additional charge of that exit load, it is not the overall 
impact of 5 basis points on the AMC profitability. I explained that in detail 
earlier. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes. So, I think you said the impact is for us is 5 basis points. That's not what 
Navneet has said, just to clarify. 
Gaurav Jani: 
I do understand that. I was just trying to gauge as to what's the dialogue with 
distributors to how will the -- can there be some pass-through or not? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. I mentioned it a couple of times that we will try to optimize and maintain 
our profitability. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sure, sir. That is it from my side, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from 
Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Hi, good evening everyone. I just have one slightly hypothetical question. 
Would you say that it's easier to cut commissions in better performing funds 
generally rather than throughout most of the funds? I mean, just over the cycle, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
if one has to understand how easy it is to pass on some of these regulatory 
impacts or just the initiatives to protect profitability better? 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean we always try to make a win-win for everyone, I mean, whether for our 
investors, for our distributors and for our profit -- I mean, for us. And we have 
demonstrated that over a long period of time, you have watched us over the 
years and we'll continue to do a good job, hopefully on that. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from JP Morgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, thank you for taking the follow up. I wanted to get a sense of what has been 
the ramp-up from the HDFC Bank channel and any update on how this channel 
could contribute even more to AUM? 
Navneet Munot: 
Sure. Madhukar, so firstly, as you all know and I think HDFC Bank has been 
vocal about the fact that the bank has been and will continue to be an open 
architecture. Whether we like it or not or whether this is the right thing to do 
or what other competitors are doing, this is a given. Of course, there is a 
positive rub off with them being our parent and same brand. So not only from 
a customer perspective, but even from a relationship manager perspective, 
there is higher comfort in offering HDFC mutual fund product, which is visible 
in our market share in their AUM. So, in equity AUM, our overall market share 
at the industry level is 13%. But if you look at what HDFC Bank has sold in 
that, it is somewhere in the late 20s.  
Also, this whole open architecture leads to material so-called event-based or 
seasonal challenges. So, for example, in a particular quarter when some of our 
peers have large NFOs or -- and our parent bank participates actively, it 
impacts our flow market share in that particular quarter. 
But the team has constantly been working on furthering our ties and offering 
best-in-class products. SIP, in particular continues to be an important area of 
focus for us and even for this relationship, I mean, HDFC Bank, HDFC AMC 
relationship. So, our share of SIP flows through the HDFC Bank channel is 
meaningfully higher than our overall book share with the bank. That reflects 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
the emphasis on long-term investing and the quality of customer engagement 
coming through this channel. 
So, this, in my opinion, will lead to increased AUM market share over time, 
because the SIP buildup will only show over a period of time, but this aligns 
very well with our long-term objective. So, bank continues to be a very 
important distribution partner for us. It is behemoth and given our relationship, 
we work with the bank very closely and at multiple levels, and we'll continue 
to further our share with them. 
I mentioned in the last couple of quarters, we have built a dedicated team 
internally that works only on this channel. And then there's a lot of, I would 
say, interaction between our digital team and the bank digital team, the 
marketing team, so on and so forth, apart from the sales channel. So, the whole 
objective of deepening engagement and expanding the relationship in a 
consistent and sustainable manner. 
I should also mention that our relationship with HDFC Securities, on that, that 
Dhiraj and team are working closely with us on various initiatives. So as a 
result, our share of flows through HDFC Securities is higher than our AUM 
share, reflecting the traction that we are gaining. But overall, yes, there has 
been increased engagement and bank is a distribution powerhouse and with the 
brand familiarity and the relationship over a period of time, it will reflect in the 
numbers, but we are happy with the SIP buildup. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Great. Congratulations and all the best. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Thanks for the follow-up. So actually, I was looking at the last 10 to 11 quarters 
market share, and we have been quite stable in equity as well as debt. But 
liquid, we have kind of lost the ground from 13%, 13.5% to around 11-odd 
percent. So just wanted to know your thoughts as to how we can increase the 
market share in that segment? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think it gets impacted by a few of the large corporate investors or institutions 
kind of like, any large movement of one client versus the other with one fund 
house versus the other. But I don't read much into that otherwise because 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
sometimes, I mean, share may look lower because some clients where we are 
capped out in terms of total amount as per their internal policy, have invested 
a further amount and that amount hasn't come to us. 
And you can also see a reverse happening in another quarter where some of the 
large institutions has increased the allocation to us. But the overall institution 
team is on the ball, and are focused on getting the maximum allocation. I can 
also share that we have hired a senior person recently who's now been 
responsible for PAN-India institutional business apart from some of the other 
emerging channels that we are setting up. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Okay. Understood. Secondly, again, on the distribution channel. So, we are 
seeing basically a direct share increasing within the equity AUMs. So, like you 
have been telling over the last few calls that fintech has a major role to play. 
So, I think that story continues. 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes, yes. So, I think Fintech’s have been growing quite rapidly over the last 
couple of years, and it's become a vital distribution channel for the mutual fund 
industry. They have played a very big role in expanding the reach and 
accessibility. In fact, Fintech as a group have registered 25 million SIPs in the 
9 months of the current financial year gone by. And we have successfully built, 
a strong presence on leading platforms, securing a notable share, both in new 
flows as well as SIP registrations. We share a very good relationship with all 
the larger ones and of course, some of the emerging ones. That was the 
question, right. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes, understood. Thanks, and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand this call over to Mr. Navneet Munot for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thank you. So, to wrap up, our total assets crossed INR9 trillion with equity 
assets exceeding INR6 trillion. We now serve over 15 million unique investors 
with a penetration of 26%, reflecting the breadth of our franchise. Our 
objective at HDFC AMC remains clear to be a one-stop partner for investors 
across mutual funds, PMS, AIF and International offerings. Thank you for your 
time today, and wish you happy Makar Sankranti. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
January 14, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
