 
 
SIS Limited  
Address for correspondence: #106, 1st Floor, Ramanashree Arcade, 18 MG Road, Bangalore- 560 001, Karnataka 
Registered office: Annapoorna Bhawan, Patliputra Telephone Exchange Road, Kurji, Patna 800 010 Bihar 
Website: www.sisindia.com Tel: +91 80 2559 0801 E-mail ID: compliance1@sisindia.com 
CIN: L75230BR1985PLC002083 
 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
Dalal Street 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051  
 
 
Mumbai-400001 
Company Symbol: SIS 
 
 
 
Company Code: 540673 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt: 976573   
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call – Q2 FY26 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the earnings call for Q2 FY26 held on November 06, 
2025. The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at https://sisindia.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/11/Earnings-Call-%E2%80%93-Transcript.pdf 
Kindly take note of the same. 
Thanking you 
 For SIS Limited 
 
 
 
 Pushpalatha Katkuri 
 Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
PUSHPA 
LATHA 
KATKURI
Digitally signed 
by PUSHPA 
LATHA KATKURI 
Date: 
2025.11.11 
17:57:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
SIS Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 06, 2025 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RITURAJ SINHA – GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SIS LIMITED 
 
MR. BRAJESH KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SIS LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKRAM KANNOTH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– SIS INTERNATIONAL 
 
MR. VINEET TOSHNIWAL – PRESIDENT – M&A AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – SIS LIMITED 
 
 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. Welcome to the Q2 earnings conference call hosted by SIS 
Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vineet Toshniwal, President, M&A and Investor 
Relations from SIS Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Thank you, very much and good afternoon, to everyone. I hope all of you had a great Diwali 
break. I welcome you to this earning call for Q2 FY26. I hope all of you had a good look at the 
financials that were uploaded last evening.  
Now to give you headlines, first, I am very happy to report that we have recorded a fantastic 
growth in our revenues this quarter. We are at a consolidated monthly revenue run rate of INR 
1,300 crore, which is the highest ever. In fact, all three segments in the business are reflecting 
very promising momentum here. So, on a consolidated basis, this quarter is INR 3,759 crore, 
which is highest ever, and it's an increase of 15% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
India Security has reported again its highest ever revenue at INR 1,544 crore, which is a 11.5% 
year-on-year growth. FM has reported its highest ever quarterly revenue of INR 629 crore, which 
is a 13.7% growth on a year-on-year basis. International security reported its highest ever 
quarterly revenue at INR 1,607 crore, which is a growth of 19.3% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
And as you all know that we had done a transaction with AP Securitas which was signed in 
September 2025. I am happy to report that the transaction was successfully closed, and we will 
start consolidating APS financials from this quarter onwards. So, when we will report quarter 3, 
you will see the consolidated numbers and we are expecting APS to add ~17% to our India 
Security monthly run rate when we consolidate. So that's about the revenue. 
 
Now let's come to the earnings. As you know, our focus has been quality of earnings and 
improving the margins across all the segments and all the efforts which have been done in the 
last couple of years are yielding gradual results. So, we have focused both on customer contracts 
as well as rationalization of SG&A. 
So, on a console level, EBITDA grew by 16.2% y-o-y, which basically comes to INR 168 crore, 
and the margin stands at 4.5% on a consol basis, which is an improvement over the last year. 
India Security reported an EBITDA of 5.3%. It’s a marginal dip of 20 basis points due to some 
branding costs from Q1 FY '25.  
Happy to report that Facility Management, we have always been guiding is on a constant 
improvement path in terms of its EBITDA, has now clocked an EBITDA of 5.2%, which is 90 
basis points higher y-o-y basis. So this segment has reported its highest ever quarterly EBITDA 
of INR 33 crore, a 36% y-o-y growth in FM only. 
 
Now International Business, the EBITDA margins for Q2 FY '26 are flattish on a year-on-year 
basis, while the EBITDA is up by 20.4% on a year-on-year basis. That's a growth. Coming to 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
PAT, we are at an operating PAT of exactly INR 93 crore for the quarter. I again emphasize its 
operating PAT, not the reporting PAT and the PAT margin is at 2.5%, which is flattish on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
Our return on capital employed, as you know, we have done many initiatives to clean up the 
balance sheet, which also included basically cleanup of the goodwill by taking one-time charge. 
So, post that, our ROCE now stands at 14.3%, which was 11.7% just about a year ago. 
 
In terms of operational efficiency, our net debt and DSO, our net debt is now INR 663 crore, 
which is down by INR 193 crore. This is a 23% reduction from September 2025, which was INR 
857 crore, one year back exactly and the DSO stands at 69 days, which is a 1-day increase. This 
has happened because of a DSO increase due to a one-time situation in SIS International, which 
I hope will be corrected from the next quarter onwards. 
 
Now coming to other highlights. This quarter, we've also made a small secondary investment of 
INR 4.5 crore in a company called Wifi. This is a B2B2C home improvement and maintenance 
company providing tech-enabled installations and aftersales services to the leading home 
furnishing and consumer brands. As you know, we've always been looking out for fast-growing 
start-ups, which are adjacent to our business that add value. 
 
So with this, now I would like to invite questions and I'm also pleased to tell you that the other 
participants on the call are Rituraj Sinha, Group Managing Director; Mr. Brajesh Kumar, Chief 
Financial Officer and Mr. Vikram Kannoth, Chief Financial Officer for SIS International. Today, 
unfortunately, Murali, he's our CEO of SIS International, won't be able to join. So, with this, the 
floor is open for Q&A and let's begin. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, just wanted to understand on this acquisition, the transaction, the AP Securitas. So, it will 
add ballpark INR 1,000 crore annual revenue. Would that be a right understanding? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Slightly more than that. Currently, the asset is running at INR 110 crore monthly. But as I said, 
we are not giving any financials now. We'll wait for the consolidation to happen in this quarter. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. But rough margin range, I mean, would you be able to indicate what sort of margins that 
would be earning? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Look, I think what we have is from the previous DD, which was done, which is slightly dated 
information. So, I would request that let's wait for this quarter. When we consolidate, there might 
be a bit of changes. So, it won't be appropriate for us to give the margins at this stage. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, understood. And I am just going through your press release, so we are talking about a 
strong rebound in FY '26? Can you elaborate more on that front? I mean what do we mean here 
and what we intend to do? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
So, what is the question? There is a strong rebound. What do you want us to elaborate? 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
So here, what exactly we mean in terms of growth and all. I mean when we are talking about 
strong rebound, are we talking about in terms of margins? Are we talking about in terms of 
growth? So how should one look at it? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
I mean, you can see that there is a very strong revenue momentum for sure and at the same time, 
you can see that FM has shown excellent improvement in the EBITDA margin at 5.3%. There 
was, as you know, in the previous quarter, we had to take a charge in SIS international because 
of which we took a beating on our margin in the last quarter. That has been repaired, and the 
international margins are now coming back to what they used to be, getting normalized now. So 
that's again showing an improvement.  
And India Security has always been stable, except a few basis points movement that keeps 
happening quarter-on-quarter. Otherwise, it's stable. So basically, there is a strong momentum 
on the earnings at the EBITDA level. And then, of course, there is PAT, which we have reported 
to you that operating PAT is the same. Reported PAT, there is a one-time tax because of capital 
gain. That's why the reported PAT is looking low. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Vineet, let me just supplement that a little bit. The term rebound is effectively, as Vineet was 
explaining, if you look at our revenue performance over the last few years, in absolute terms, I 
think what you will see in FY '26 basis first half results is probably the highest revenue change 
year-on-year that has happened in the last 5 years. That's number one point.  
I'm not assigning percentages because that is yet to become apparent. But as Vineet said, this is 
going to be a strong revenue growth year, higher than the last 5. That's why I see it as a revenue 
rebound. And number two, in terms of EBITDA margins and absolute value, as you can see, we 
have reported the highest ever EBITDA at close to INR 168 crore.  
And in terms of margin profile as well, we have been constantly advising that we still believe 
that it is very likely that the security business in India and the FM business in India will come to 
the 6% EBITDA margin range. And I think there is a strong rebound on margins as well, which 
is very clear. 
 
Number three, like Vineet was saying, if you look at it from a profit after tax profile as well, I 
think we are close to INR 200 crore of profit after tax ballpark in the first half of the year. We 
are guiding towards or moving towards a INR 400 crore ballpark profit after tax, which again 
will be the highest jump both in PAT and EPS. That is why the term rebound year FY '26 because 
now with the first half results, it's rather apparent in an annuity business, you can foresee or 
predict to a reasonable extent that this will look like a rebound year when you compare it to the 
last 5 years. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. Great. I mean that's a great explanation. So just a follow-up on that. When we say 
6% EBITDA margin on Security Solutions India as well as the Facility Management, what's the 
timeline we are looking at by when? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, I have said this many times before. We are moving in that direction. It's not possible for 
me to draw a line in sand and call it out today. But if you see our security business had gone to 
an EBITDA margin of below 4%. It is back at 5.5% plus. Therefore, we are quite certain that 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
6% is not out of reach. Similarly, our Facility Management business had gone down to 4% 
EBITDA margin. It is now run rating at 5.3%. 
 
Therefore, I'm saying that 6%, which used to be the pre-COVID margin profile, is quite likely. 
So, in both Security and FM, you will see that we have covered more than half the distance in 
terms of margin, 4% to 6%. We are around about 5.5% now. So maybe 3/4 of the job is done. I 
think the remaining will fall through in due course, hopefully, within the next few quarters. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. And just one final thing on Security Solution International business, is there an 
aspiration on margin, which is right now 3.3%? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So, I think this year is going to be, if you look at the international business, you should see that 
this year is going to be the highest ever organic growth for the International business in the last 
10 years. They are going to report high double-digit growth because of the contracts they started 
in the first half of the year.  
As regards to margins, they were down to 3%. They are back at 3.5%. But historically, if you 
see the last 10, 15 years data, you will see that the threshold or the benchmark for the 
international business is roughly 4% odd 4%, 4.5% margin profile. So, I believe in the coming 
quarters, we are trying to get the business back in that 4% range. It will take a little bit longer 
than the Indian businesses to get to 6%. But we are well on course, rightsizing of businesses, 
SG&A restructuring, abandoning some bad contracts, checking the overtime and bad OT rates. 
There's a lot of actions underway. But obviously, it will take a little bit of time, but be mindful, 
this is a 4% business, 4.5% business international. 
What I think all of you who are modelling our business should take note of the fact is that the 
ratio of revenue and profits is changing rapidly. By the end of the year, last quarter, I believe 
that roughly 75% of our EBITDA will be coming out of India and 65% of our revenues will be 
coming out of India. So, the share of international is going down in the consolidated numbers. 
Therefore, the overall margin profile will also reflect that because the lower-margin international 
business, despite its scale, is going to become a smaller share. I mean, in pure numbers, INR 
1,300 crore, INR 750 crore is coming from India, INR 550 crore is coming from international 
now. India will move closer to INR 850 crore, INR 900 crore in the next quarter. International 
will remain where it is. So, when that starts to happen, I think the math will skew towards a 
higher margin profile. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Umang Shah from Banyan Tree Advisors PMS. 
Umang Shah: 
Sir, congrats on the AP Securitas acquisition. Looking at the broad numbers, this looks like a 
very good acquisition, considering INR 1,000 crore plus sales and INR 22 crore profits. So, what 
led to the circumstance of us acquiring this business? And this business has more than 100 
branches. So how would you consolidate the branches and the employees that you currently 
have? And in terms of the revenues of AP Securitas, a lot of it is coming from banks. So, what 
is it so special about AP Securitas that banks prefer to work with them? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I think SIS is, as we've called out before, for us, M&A is not a tool to bring in growth. M&A is 
basically for strategic reasons. I see AP Securitas as a transaction that will consolidate our market 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
share and give us edge into some key segments like banking, like logistics and warehousing, 
which will further consolidate our market position in these key high-growth segments.  
Now I think the key thing that you would like to note is that with this acquisition, our monthly 
revenue in security or our annual revenue in security business in India will be double, 2x the size 
of our nearest competitor. As regards to the 100 branches, obviously there is a synergy and 
savings play that will come through. But it will take time. In our operationally intensive business, 
you cannot rationalize branches and people in a knee-jerk reaction. It's ultimately the people 
who have client relationships. It is branches that maintain customer satisfaction and customer 
support. So, over the course of the next 2 years, you will see synergy and savings coming through 
bit by bit, quarter by quarter. I believe that as of right now, it will look like a revenue kicker.  
But over a 2-year period, there is a significant margin traction as well that will be yielded through 
this massive consolidation. Let me further underline that AP Securitas was amongst the top 10 
security businesses in the country. And we have probably made the largest single acquisition in 
the security sector in India thus far. 
Umang Shah: 
Second question was, if I look at the attrition for the permanent employees that we have, it was 
around 15.5% in FY '22 and it has now gone to almost 40%. Just wanted to understand whether 
this is a characteristic of the industry and how do we plan to reduce it? 
Brajesh Kumar: 
May I know from where you are referring to the attrition number? 
Umang Shah: 
Annual report, sir. 
Brajesh Kumar: 
So last year also and this year also, there is no significant change in the attrition number. I think 
we are the same ratio people are leaving, and this is quite natural in this industry. 
Umang Shah: 
Right, sir. I was saying FY '22 sir. 
Brajesh Kumar: 
Okay. Let me refer that annual report and I will get back to you separately. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gautam Trivedi from Nepean Capital LLP. 
Gautam Trivedi: 
I had a question regarding your domestic India business. A couple of things on that. First, how 
big is the headcount? Secondly, how easy is it to get people within the labor market? And third, 
what has been the wage inflation in specific to the Indian employees? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
How big? Sorry, you first asked headcount for India? 
Gautam Trivedi: 
Yes. How many people do you have in India? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
We reported in the earnings note, you can see 200,000-plus people in India in Security India, 
right, 170 branches and then there are 85,000 in FM, 90 branches, which would mostly be 
overlapping same cities. So that's the size in terms of people and branches. What else you wanted 
to know? 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Gautam Trivedi: 
Yes. And how easy has it been to recruit fresh people? What's the attrition rate and what's as a 
result, your ability to recruit more? And not your specifically, I mean on an industry-wise basis. 
Brajesh Kumar: 
The attrition rate for this industry is approx. 40% to 45%. And about the question that how 
difficult or easy it is to recruit them, yes, there are some challenges. But one good thing what 
has happened recently is that the Government has announced the ELI scheme under which there 
is some incentive for the person who is getting recruited, who has a first time PF registration. 
So, on the basis of that, we have seen some increase in the intake percentage. Otherwise, for 
security, we have 23 residential training centres through which we are running a recruitment 
drive. For FM, we have a different mode through which we try to recruit the people from their 
local locations. While there are challenges, they are not so critical as to impact our business. In 
fact, with the announcement of the ELI scheme, we are finding that that it is helping us in getting 
more people in recent months. 
Gautam Trivedi: 
I mean the reason I asked that question is because you've seen… 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Let me supplement that, maybe I can help you with some data points. Brajesh very importantly 
called out that the ELI scheme will benefit. But going back to the brass tacks, SIS is a market 
leader predominantly because of three reasons: Number one is the fact that we have the largest 
network in the country. We operate in India with over 300 branches. Number two is that we are 
diversified across industrial segments. We don't concentrate on just multinationals or just 
industry or just banking. We are very diversified, 280 of the top 500 listed companies are SIS’s 
clients today. So, we are extremely diversified. 
 
But I think the mother of all reasons why SIS is twice the size of its nearest competitor is the 
investment that SIS has made in its supply side. We set up our first training academy in 1982, 
which is the Central Training Academy in Jharkhand. Since then, we have added over the last 
30 years multiple other training academies. The total count stands at 21. There are 21 residential 
training academies that SIS manages that, on an average, have more than 3,000 people under 
training at any point in time through the year. Average output from these training centers alone 
last year was 3,000 people. That's number one. Number two, across 300 branches, we have 
technology called ARK, Automated Recruitment Kiosk, which does the recruitment tasking or 
what you call in the e-commerce industry, onboarding. That is ongoing on a live basis through 
digital platforms at 300 locations in India, where height, weight, education, credit verification, 
background checks, etc, is all digitized and automated. We have capacity to recruit in 23 to 25 
minutes, which gives us extremely high bandwidth. 
 
And number three, we also have what we call the G2G referral program, which is a patent 
program that runs on the MySIS attendance platform where any SIS employee, and we have 
300,000 of them, any SIS employee through his MySIS app can add a friend, refer a friend, 
suggest a friend to join SIS for which he gets an incentive. So, there is effectively 300,000 people 
who are helping find other people who are willing to join SIS. So net summary, SIS has not and 
does not lose contracts for its inability to recruit, train and supply. 
Gautam Trivedi: 
I tell you where I'm coming from. The thing is when I talk to some of the construction companies, 
including as big as L&T, they're having a hard time finding people. And the reason they say that 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
is because a carpenter’s son does not want to be a carpenter. Mason's son does not want to be a 
mason. So sometimes when you think of, let's say, a security guard, is that an attractive industry 
or an occupation for them? And that's really the question. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, I think it's a very fair point and if you look at data, SIS for the last 100 months post-
COVID, even during COVID, has maintained a month-on-month growth rate of 1% to 2%. 
Worst years, we have grown 1% month-on-month. That means that each month, we are finding 
more people to come and join us to staff these contracts. So, I think I can only give you data 
perception. I can't help further. 
Gautam Trivedi: 
Yes. Just one last question for me with respect to wage inflation. Are you seeing much of that? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, wage inflation in India, our 10-year average was about 11%. Post-
COVID, in the last 5 years, the average has declined to ~5%, which is half across all major states. 
I think wage inflation is a very critical element towards attracting staff. It is an important element 
to drive our revenues up, because for us, wage inflation is a simple pass-through. It is not a 
contract renegotiation or a rate renegotiation. Our contracts are linked to the minimum wage. 
So, I would agree with you that the Government needs to consider a higher minimum wage, and 
there has been discussion around this for several years now about labour reforms and a wage 
code and a social security code. The acts were passed in 2020 and 2021. They have yet to be 
implemented in the last 5 years. But I can't speak for the Government, but I believe that sooner 
than later, the Government will have to shift focus from simply the Agri sector and MSP and the 
whole kisan agenda to the blue-collar worker agenda because ultimately, India needs a shift from 
farm to nonfarm organised jobs. 
 
So intuitively, it will happen. And when that happens, it will boost the industry. I mean I joined 
this industry in 2002, my friend. Then, in Delhi, the minimum wage was less than INR 10,000. 
Today, the minimum wage in Delhi is INR 25,000. I think it will take the distribution of wealth 
or income distribution disparity, what we call the income distance, then India will have to 
support blue-collar jobs with a better rate of pay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vatsal Parag Shah from Knightstone Capital Management. 
Vatsal Parag Shah: 
So firstly, on the AP Securitas acquisition, so in the acquisition call, you had mentioned that 
roughly the EBITDA multiple comes out to be 8.3. So, is that correct? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Yes. 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
The diligence was done, yes. I mean, that’s correct. Yes, the diligence was done for FY '24. And 
as I said, we are yet waiting to consolidate the numbers. So, we can't comment on the current 
margin profile right now. 
Vatsal Parag Shah: 
So that is the trailing number. Okay. And what is the full consideration amount? So, can you just 
say that? 
Vineet Toshniwal: I mean consideration we've reported, as you can see, INR 71.2 crore 
precisely after the adjustment of net debt and everything, for 51%. And as has always been the 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
case with all our M&A deals, we have a clear-cut policy that we don't do outright acquisitions. 
We believe in partnering with, and I should not even call it an acquisition. It's more of a 
partnership because we onboard the management team, in this case, AP Securitas team, and we 
prefer to work with them over a longer term. So, it's a 3- to 4-year sort of a partnership, with a 
ratchet clause and depending on the growth they achieve, there are some incentive kickers which 
are built in. Basically, incentivising the target to continue the growth momentum and deliver 
better earnings, focused on both the improvement of margin and topline. 
Vatsal Parag Shah: 
So from Q3, you are going to consolidate numbers. So that will be 100% consolidation, right? 
Vineet Toshniwal: 
Yes. We are 51% owners, so consolidations and minority interest… 
Vatsal Parag Shah: 
And the 6% target which you are having in the India business, so AP Securitas will be 
consolidated there, right? So, the 6% target is after the AP Securitas acquisition. So is that also 
included in that target? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Let me answer that. So, the organic business, SIS Security business, that is, 
for that, we have clearly guided that from a 4% margin profile, we are moving towards 6%. And 
that is what I was commenting on earlier. AP Securitas when it gets consolidated first, obviously 
in the first quarter, there will be no synergy and there will be no savings. It will gradually trickle 
through. But if your question is, are we going to change the 6% goal for India Security business 
in terms of margins, the answer is a clear no. With AP Securitas as well, our objective will be to 
deliver a 6% EBITDA margin from the security services business in India. 
Vatsal Parag Shah: 
Yes, that was the question and one more thing on the international part. So, in H1, the growth 
was very high due to the contracts which we received in that period. So, is this sustainable or 
will the growth be moderated in coming few quarters? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Absolutely not sustainable. This is one-off. Australian GDP grows at 2%, 3% per annum. Our 
growth rate over the last 10 years on average has been more than 7%, close to 8% maybe. So, 
we are growing twice as fast as the Australian GDP, 2x Australian GDP is our growth. This year 
is an exception. We will be growing in the mid-teens. This is not likely to happen year after year. 
And I think if you're looking to model things out, please stick with 7% to 8% annual growth for 
the international business. 
Vatsal Parag Shah: 
And last question on the India part. So how much of the growth which you are seeing in the 
current quarter is coming through wage inflation and how much through new contracts assets? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Two-third more or less is coming from (Inaudible 0:38:43), that is why I'm very excited and I 
see it as a rebound here because when you have price-led growth (Inaudible 0:38:54) of a 
rebound on the ground. But when you have (Inaudible 0:39:03). 
Vatsal Parag Shah: 
I'm sorry, your voice is not clear audible. 
Moderator: 
Sir, could you please repeat the last 30 seconds? 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Rituraj Sinha: 
(Inaudible 0:39:18) revenue growth of volume and price when there is (Inaudible 0:39:25] that 
is never sustainable and is not (Inaudible 0:39:30] but when you have two-third of your growth 
coming from volumes, that is a very good sign both in terms of demand execution and that's the 
reason why I was calling this hopefully a rebound year, FY26. 
Vatsal Parag Shah: 
Okay. Got it, two-third. That’s it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rituraj Sinha for closing 
comments.  
Rituraj Sinha: 
Thank you everyone for taking the time to join this briefing. We appreciate your time. As you 
can see, the second quarter of FY26, rather the first half of FY26 has been a solid performance 
period for SIS Group. Our International revenues are booming. India Security revenues and 
margins and collections are in line. FM is clearly showing revenue growth and margin 
improvement back to 5.5%.  
So overall, it's all engines firing and we believe FY26 is going to be a good year. I just wanted 
to supplement that please note that our cash logistics business IPO is also on track. We haven't 
discussed this much today because obviously there was no reason to it, but we hopefully soon 
will be taking a final view and call on when to push that through. As and when that IPO happens, 
that will unlock value for shareholders and the Company. It is largely a secondary linked 
transaction. Significant proceeds will come back to SIS parent Company, which I hope will help 
us pay down debt and lower our interest costs. So, I think overall, that should augur well for the 
profit after tax line and the EPS of the business.  
So overall, I think we are well on track. Q3 is looking promising. And hopefully, when we meet 
to discuss that, we will have some interesting news for you, but till then, thank you very much 
for taking the time to continue to follow SIS. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you all. On behalf of SIS Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
