 
 
ANLON HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
CIN No.: U24230GJ2013PLC077543 
REGISTERED OFFICE: 101/102, Silver Coin Complex, Opp. Crystal Mall, Kalawad Road, 
Rajkot-360005, Gujarat (INDIA) 
PHONE NO.: +91-7069690081/82 | Email: info@anlonhealthcare.com | www.anlon.in 
November 24, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Ref: BSE Scrip Code: 544497 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Ltd. 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400051, 
NSE Scrip Code: AHCL 
 
Subject: Sub: Outcome of Q2/H1-FY26 Earnings Conference Call – Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated November 14, 2025 related to the Earnings Conference 
call and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI-LODR”), we would 
like to inform that the transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on Wednesday, 
November 19, 2025 at 04:00 P.M. IST, is attached herewith. 
 
This 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.anlon.in/reports.php?subid=15&name=Investor-Meet 
 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For ANLON HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
PUNITKUMAR RASADIA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 06696258 
 
Rasadia 
Punitkumar 
Rameshbhai
Digitally signed by Rasadia Punitkumar Rameshbhai 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=4798, 
pseudonym=13363440366292472861WAue1dglYlP1, 
2.5.4.20=a003a5c41c134976122eef293c4077137aa4a
1ecd74ed223ac0e8dcc8264a5a2, 
postalCode=360005, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=9067d666c809e74b4abe895e7d3c841
cee4ae962d432d246758d2cb6b96167f3, cn=Rasadia 
Punitkumar Rameshbhai 
Date: 2025.11.24 16:46:49 +05'30'

 
 
Event Date: 19/11/2025 
Time: 04:00 PM.  
 Event Duration: 01 Hrs 08 Mins 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
Mr. Punitkumar Rasadia 
Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Parth Raorane 
Confideleap Partners 
Anlon Healthcare Limited Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
Hosted by: ConfideLeap Partners 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to Anlon Healthcare Limited Q2 
and H1 FY '26 conference call hosted by Confide Leap Partners. As a reminder, all the 
participants line will be in listen mode only and there will be an opportunity for you to ask the 
questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that this conference may contain forward-looking 
statement about the company which are based upon the beliefs, opinion and expectation of 
the company as of the date of the call. This statement do not guarantee the future performance 
of the company and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. I would 
now like to hand over the floor to Mr. Parth from Confide Leap partner. Thank you and over to 
you, Parth. 
Parth: Thanks, Krisha.Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Uh, Parth here from Confide Leap 
Partners. We represent the investor relations for Anlon Healthcare Limited. On behalf of 
Confide Leap Partners, I warmly welcome you all to Q2 and H1 FY '26 earnings call of Anlon 
Healthcare Limited. The company is represented by Mr. Punit Kumar Rasadia, who's the 
chairman and managing director at Anlon Healthcare Limited. I would now like to hand over 
the call to Mr. Punit ji for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Punit ji. 

Punit Kumar Rasadia (Chairman & Managing Director, Anlon Healthcare Limited): Yeah. Good 
afternoon, everyone, and warm welcome to Anlon Healthcare's Q2 and H1 FY '25/'26 earning 
conference call. For Q2 FY '26, total income stood at INR 52.32 crore, which is over 2x of the 
24.21 crore, which was recorded in Q2 FY 25. It's representing 116% year-on-year growth. 
EBITDA for the quarter grew from INR 7.57 crore to INR 13.77 crore, delivering an 82% increase. 
Most importantly, PAT increase from INR 2.59 crore to INR 9.32 crores, reflecting nearly 4x 
jump on year-on-year basis, driven by strong operating leverage and an improved business mix. 
For the first half of FY 26, total income rose from 62.11 crore to 85.53 crore, 38% year-on-year 
increase. EBITDA grew 38% from 14.55 crore to 20.01 crore, while PAT doubled from 6.36 crore 
to 12.86 crore on year-on-year basis, supported by consistent contribution from high-value 
intermediate and APIs. From a strategic standpoint, H1 FY 26 marks an important phase in 
Anlon's journey. We strengthen our global compliances footprint with Anvisa approval for our 
manufacturing facility with zero observation, reflecting our adherence to global GMP standards. 
We now have 21 DMF filed across major regulated markets with upcoming submission for 
ketoprofen in the USA and dexketoprofen trometamol in European countries, positioning us for 
deeper penetration into regulated market in the coming year. Operationally, our Rajkot 
manufacturing facility continues to perform efficiently, operating at 84% capacity utilization, 
supported by strong quality system, modern reactor infrastructure and in-house R&D 
laboratories. The R&D pipeline continues to strengthen with 65 commercial products, 28 in pilot 
scale product and 49 molecules under lab development, providing long-term visibility for the 
scale and portfolio diversification. The company is also progressing well on the CDMO 
opportunity with three molecules under development for two global giant innovator companies 
currently in the validation stage. Commercialization is scheduled for Q3 FY '27, marking Anlon's 
entry into the high-value global CDMO space. Looking ahead, our strategic priorities remain 
centered on scaling into global markets, accelerating DMF-driven expansion, strengthening our 
portfolio in high-margin APIs and executing our 700 metric ton a year greenfield expansion, 
which will take our total capacity to 1100 metric ton a year. This expansion will support our 
ambition to achieve a 30% plus revenue CAGR over the next three years, alongside a structurally 
improving margin profile. We continue to leverage China Plus One tailwinds, rising global 
demand for the high-purity intermediates and growing opportunity in nutraceutical, personal 
care and animal care. With a high compliance platform, strong order visibility and stark 
operational focus, Anlon Healthcare is well-positioned for sustained long-term growth. Uh, now 
we can open the floor for question and answer. So Parth, you can start with it. 
Moderator: Participants are requested to raise their hands for the question. Also, one can 
request their question in the Q&A box. We have Mr. Paras Cheda. Sir, you may now unmute and 
introduce yourself. 
Paras Cheda: Yeah. Hello and thank you for this opportunity and sir congratulations for the 
very strong set of results. Uh, I've just got a couple of queries, sir. I mean, if you can help, you 
know, throw light on these. So sir, first of all, when is this 700 metric tons plant per- uh, you 
know, metric ton plant coming up online in terms of the deadline? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: See, we are planning for the expansion within our facility and we have 
spare own land also, but we are just exploring the option because considering the current 

business opportunity and the order books position for next two, three years from our existing 
and regulatory customer, that if we are going for the expansion then it will take around one 
and a half year. So company is already trying to explore the opportunity for the ready-made 
unit also, so we can start the immediate production in the different site for our backward-
integrated, non-regulatory KSM and other raw materials. 
Paras Cheda: No, sir, uh, so sorry sir, I haven't understood. So 700 metric ton plant , so has 
that been decided? Are we taking over some plant or setting up a plant? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: It is a year soon. 
Paras Cheda: Yeah, please go ahead, sir. Uh, can you pardon? Your voice was broken. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: That will be a greenfield facility. 
Paras Cheda: That will be the greenfield facility, right? So when is it coming up in terms of 
commencement timeline? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: I think we are trying to do it as soon as possible. Uh, most probably 
within this quarter only and it will take around 16 to 18 month to get the production and trial 
run, all these activity completions. 
Paras Cheda: Achchha. Okay. So the plant commissioning will happen by let's say end of 
December this year. But the- 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: The commissioning will start immediately within this quarter and it will 
take around 16 to 18 month for the completion. 
Paras Cheda: Achchha. For the completion. Okay. Understood. Yes. Yeah. Understood, sir. And, 
uh, sir, so the current 400 metric ton plant, what would be the peak revenue on that, sir? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: I think this year we are expecting somewhere around 170 to 180 CR from 
the existing facility at the peak. And this will be the peak? Yeah. There may be a little bit 
possibility of 10 to 15%. 
Paras Cheda: Okay. Right. So for your further growth then, you will need the 700 metric ton 
plant to come in sort of- 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Exactly. 
Paras Cheda: Yeah, either we need to go for the immediate expansion or a immediate inorganic 
acquisition so we can comprise our whatever the order or opportunity we are having in hand. 
Paras Cheda: Right. Right. Right. So the capacity otherwise can become an issue. And sir, of 
the 700 metric ton, as in when it comes in, what will be the peak revenue at, let's say, um, 
peak revenue, what would it be at 80% utilization? 

Punit Kumar Rasadia: Um, considering, see, practically 100% utilization is not possible in 
pharma, so we are considering 80 to 85% utilization after 1100 metric ton total capacity. At 
that time, we are expecting the peak revenue somewhere around 360 to 400 CR. 
Paras Cheda: Achchha, 360 to 400, that is inclusive of the current 400 also? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah. So incremental, broadly you are saying about 200 to 220 crores 
odd increment? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yes. 
Paras Cheda: Understood, sir. Understood. 
Moderator: Would request Mr. Parasji to please join back the queue since we have a limited 
time from the management. 
Paras Cheda: Okay, fine. I'll come back. 
Moderator: Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have question, please raise your hand 
using the reaction tab. Next we have Mr. Bhavesh Patel. Sir, you may unmute and introduce 
yourself. 
Bhavesh Patel: Hi. Good afternoon. Uh, and, and, you know, first of all, uh, it's great to hear 
from you and congratulations on great set of numbers. Uh- Thank you. ... really, really excited 
about, uh, you know, the company and the future. So my first question is, the greenfield facility 
that we are talking about, is it like a completely new location? Because especially in pharma, 
having a second location is great for de-risking. Uh, and the second question is about expansion-
related capex, would we require any external money? And then you briefly touched upon 
inorganic growth by acquisition. So, any, any ideas that you have? Uh, once again, thank you 
for the opportunity and really excited about the company. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah. See, first question was we are planning for the expansion with our 
adjoining land. We are having the spare open land over there, and we have one additional land 
also. So we are not planning for any phased greenfield expansion where we need to get all the 
statutory approvals again, but any which ways if you are going for the even with the additional, 
then also we have to get all the EC compliance and everything, but it is a little bit smoother 
than the new greenfield project. 
Bhavesh Patel: Understood. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah. And your second question regarding capex and all those things. So 
in DRHP, when we got the IPO proceed, we have reserved the 31 CR for the new capex 
expansion. So that fund we are having with us and right now we don't need to get any debt or 
bank loan for the further new expansion. For this specifically capex. 
Bhavesh Patel: Sure. Sure. And the last one about the inorganic acq- 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Regarding inorganic acquisition, can you pardon the question? 

Bhavesh Patel: Yeah. The question is, are you looking at, you know, some synergy in terms of 
acquiring some smaller... I mean, some company which makes sense for the kind of work we 
are doing? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah. We are already looking for that and we have identified some 
facilities also. So what we can do is because all these products which have been registered to 
regulated market, that is already matured and we are having the big visibility for our next year 
customer requirement for our products. So our capacity is very less. If we will not supply to our 
customer, then maybe there is a possibility that they will start to identify the new supplier. So 
we don't want to lose the business opportunity. That's why we are trying for looking the 
opportunity for inorganic acquisition also, along with the expansion. 
Bhavesh Patel: Sure. And Punit Bhai, just a request. Uh, I know through company secretary we 
might request a possibility of coming and meeting you and seeing the plant, as an- 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah. Yeah. Anytime. Anytime, Bajwa. Not an issue. Please. Thank you. 
You just let me know two, three days prior to your visit, so I'll arrange your visit comfortable. 
Bhavesh Patel: Wonderful. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have questions, please raise your hand 
using the reaction tab. Also, one can request their question in the Q&A box. Next we have Mr. 
Agastya Dave. Sir, you may unmute and introduce yourself. 
Agastya Dave: Yeah, hi, this is Agastya Siddharth from CEO Capital. Uh, sir, actually my 
questions are follow-up on what the first participant asked. Uh, uh, Aapne kaha ki jo naya 700 
tons ka plant hai woh December mein commission ho jayega? Ya December mein uska 
construction shuru... 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: We'll start the commissioning. We'll start the commissioning, it will take 
16 to 18 months for the completion. 
Agastya Dave: So that would mean the construction is going to start in December, right, sir? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yes, exactly. 
Agastya Dave: Yeah, commissioning would mean ki sab khatam ho gaya, so this is a (in audible) 
See, basically what happened if we are going with the existing adjoining land then all this utility 
part and other apart from the production area- 
Agastya Dave: Ji. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: That air capacity we already have with our own existing plant. 
Agastya Dave: Correct. So construction will be started and parallelly commissioning of the 
further equipments apart from the production, that will be installed maybe after six to eight 
months. 

Punit Kumar Rasadia: Correct. Correct. 
Agastya Dave: Sir, uh, can you give some idea as to the revenues in Q2 which have come from 
Loxoprofen? And, uh, if you have the breakup between how much revenue came from 
intermediates and how much came from APIs? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Mm. Yeah, just hold. See, from APIs we are having in H1 around 70%, 
and for intermediate it is 27.2. 
Agastya Dave: Okay. And this is for H1, sir, you said? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: H1 FY '26. 
Agastya Dave: Okay. Okay. And sir (Inaudible). Hmm. (inaudible). 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: See, basically what happened last year we were mainly focusing on the 
domestic customer for our APIs and intermediate. 
Agastya Dave: Yes, sir. I remember this. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So exactly what happened, basically our product 
registration and everything was at the approval stage. Now we got it that within this year, and 
we got the advantage on that. So this year domestic API is having the lesser, intermediate is 
more. And we are trying to manufacturer and supply, having the order from our overseas 
customer for N-1 specifically for API. Okay. So our intermediate is increased and API 
contribution is decreased. 
Agastya Dave: Okay. So, sir, (inaudible). 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Overall this margin would be almost similar, but we are even getting the 
better margin in the export N-1 KSM. 
Agastya Dave: Okay. Okay. Okay. Because domestic market is highly price sensitive, so you 
have to always- 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Correct. 
Agastya Dave: Final question, sir. Uh, for this quarter, how much was the exports? Uh, this Q2 
or Q3?sir, you can probably post it in a presentation later if you don't have the presentation. 
PunitKumar Rasadia: Yeah, I'll just send you in the chat box. 
Agastya Dave: Perfect, sir. Uh, and sorry, sir. Last question. Uh, what will be the CapEx for 
this year? 
Agastya Dave: CapEx we are planning for at least 32 CR for the expansion. And if we are going 
for some inorganic acquisition, then it would be around 50 to 55 CR. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Uh, separately or total? 

Agastya Dave: Uh, separately. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Okay, so 32 plus 55. And 32 will come in the next financial year because 
all those in-in will not come immediately. 
Agastya Dave: Correct. Correct. But the acquisition you said, that size would be around 55 
crores? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah, 50 to 55 CR. Uh, oh, (in Hindi). That will be more than total 1,100 
metric ton. So that is what we require t- Understood. It will be more than that. 
Agastya Dave: Understood. And we are trying to acquire this facility with the strategic do 
because we are de-risking the risk for the single unit w- Ji, ji, ji, ji, ji. So it should be separated. 
So if something happen in future, then there will be no issues on the- To be honest, sir, the 
first participant was right. You will have to acquire it because otherwise (in Hindi). 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Exactly. We are already facing because we are having the huge order in 
hands and we are not supplying the material to customer, even whatever quantity they require. 
Agastya Dave: Right, sir. Uh, so thank you very much, sir, and all the best, sir. Great 
performance. Uh- Yes, sir. ... all the best for the acquisition also, sir. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have question, please raise your hand 
using the reaction tab. Also, one can request the question in the Q&A box. Next, we have Mr. 
Rudraksh Raheja. Sir, you may unmute and introduce yourself. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Yeah, thank you for the opportunity, sir. I'm Rudraksh Raheja, representing 
iThought PMS. Sir, uh, first question is that, uh, you are adding 700 tons capacity and the 
revenue guidance that you gave is double of what we can do at this capacity. But ideally, we 
are almost tripling our capacity in volumes. So why this discrepancy? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Because we are expecting around 16 to 18 months for the completion of 
the expansion. And we'll hardly get six to seven months in finance area. So that's why that 
revenue what we are proposing you, that is considering six, seven months revenue after 
expansion. 
Rudraksh Raheja: No, uh, I think the question was at the peak when you are fully utilizing 
1,100 tons capacity, how much revenues we can do at that scale? So, 360 to 400 CR it is doubling 
of that. But see, normally what happen when we are going for the further expansion or inorganic 
acquisition, our existing site is registered in all the regulatory market. So, if we need to produce 
more quantity then we have to pull out some of the intermediate which is not coming in the 
regulatory part. Otherwise, we have to register the new sites also. That will again take the 
time. So, we are considering our backward integrated raw material, or KSM, which is not 
required regulatory registration, that we are planning to manufacture over there, and will 

increase the capacity in our existing plant. So, it is not like that both capacity will going 
simultaneously and both will produce the APIs. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Understood, sir. Uh, so- 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Are you clear or can I further explain to you that how exactly it will 
work? 
Rudraksh Raheja: Yeah, please go ahead, sir. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: See, uh, actually what happen, I'll give you an example. Suppose if you 
are manufacturing ketoprofen. So, ketoprofen manufacturing process involves seven to eight 
chemical step. Now, when we have registered our product in Europe, at that time, as per the 
mandatory rule, we have to produce at least two stages in our plant which is regulatory 
registered site for the EDQM Europe. Now, right now, we are manufacturing five to six step in 
existing plant. If I need to expand my capacity, then I need to pull out two, three steps to the 
outside, and we have to focus two steps products and capacity enhancement in existing site. 
So, when we are taking out the N minus 3 or N minus 4 stage out of the existing facility, then 
revenue contribution will not as good as the ketoprofen. So, we are enhancing the capacity for 
existing plant, but the product which is getting manufactured in a new expansion or a inorganic 
acquisition capacity, their cost of selling would be lower than the API price, what we are selling. 
Considering that, the revenue bifurcation, what we are expecting, at least for one year, would 
be like that if, uh, as we are already adding the new high-value products, so after two years or 
three years, we can reach to maybe around 500 to 600 CR for our further new, new two, three 
products which is already at the CDMO stage. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Okay, sir. And sir, will this 1,100 ton kicks in, is that sufficient for that CDMO 
project that we are doing with innovator companies? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: At least right now, we are considering that for maybe at least next two 
years it is enough. But if further expansion required, then we are ready for that. Because what 
is the visibility right now we are having from customer for next two, three years plan, so that 
1,100 metric ton would be sufficient for us. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Sir, right now we have expanded our EBITDA margin substantially over the 
last two, three years. Mm-hmm. So, what would be the sustainable number going forward? Uh, 
for both the expanded and current facility? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yes, sir. I think so we can maintain the same EBITDA with the top line of 
360 to 400 CR, percentage wise. Or maybe we can improve also because we are having two, 
three high-value molecule which is almost around $8.50 dollar a KG, and which is required in 
metric ton load. So, in which we can, we'll get some better profitability also. 
Rudraksh Raheja: And sir, when are we expecting those launches, the high-value molecules? 

Punit Kumar Rasadia: Uh, third quarter of next year. Validation is already completed. Three 
months stability data is pending from customer end, so all this procedure and registration will 
take at least six months. So, we are expecting by third quarter of next year. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Understood, sir. Uh, sir, what would be the share in the revenue mix for our 
top three molecules, loxoprofen, ketoprofen, and dexketoprofen? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Uh, this year or projected? 
Rudraksh Raheja: I think both figures would help, sir, if you could. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Mm, top three products we have actually not separated out. We have 
top 10 products contribution and top five products contribution. So, if you require, then I will 
work it out for that but for H1 FY26, our top five product contribution is somewhere around 
78%. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it, sir. Sir, uh, I'm trying to understand that our EBITDA margins for an 
API company are pretty much very high, and uh, if I have looked at the export profile correctly 
also then we have less than 5% of our revenues coming from exports. So, selling to India with 
these API, so could you help me understand how we are generating these kind of margins? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: See, we are having two model for the export. Firstly, with the major 
global companies like in Europe, or Brazil, Japan, we are doing the direct export to them for 
four while, uh, semi-reg or ROW market, we are having set of our agents in India who is doing 
merchant export through us, but we are not directly because that agents and payment 
securities involved. So we are not directly dealing with for Mexico, Colombia and all those 
country. Even for Lebanon, Syria, Turkey. So that's why direct export figure is five percent. But 
this year I think we'll close with somewhere around 30% export in this financial year. 
Rudraksh Raheja: And sir, what would be the margin differential between domestic and export 
markets? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: See, basically, no- how we are working is by considering the thumb rule. 
When we are supplying any product to any domestic customer, we are considering in mind that 
our raw material cost should not be more than 65% of our selling price. When we are going for 
the export, at that time we are keeping our raw material cost maximum 50%. So there is a huge 
gap of 15% for the EBITDA. That means raw material cost and selling price, because in regu- 
market, we have to obtain the audit every year, and all this audit cost or any observation, we 
have to do some modification that cost is considered and we are keeping that margin. So there 
is a difference between 15 to 17% between domestic and export. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it, sir. And sir, going forward, do we intend to increase this export share, 
or are you focused- 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Next year, see, considering the current order and all these registrations 
and approval, all those thing, we are confident to make the at least 60% of export revenue for 
next financial year. 

Rudraksh Raheja: Got it, sir. And sir, the expansion that we have talked about of 700 tons, 
um, how is that capacity? Is like, uh, is it like a drug-specific capacity, or it will be- 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: No, no, no. It is a multipurpose plant. 
Rudraksh Raheja: ... tangible? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: It will be the multipurpose plant, so it is not product specific, but we 
can go for the multiple products as and when, as per the company designing. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it, sir. And sir, on that 700 tons, are we expanding for our existing 
molecules, or are you getting any perhaps- 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah, yeah. We are doing it for our existing molecule only. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Okay, existing molecules only. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah, so that is confirmed. Order we are having in hand for that only we 
are right now expanding. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it, sir. Uh, sir, could you help us understand your product selection 
criteria? Like you talked about two high value molecules also, and other launches also. So how 
do we decide which new molecule we start making and researching and adding in our portfolio? 
Is it growth rate based, competition based or any specific chemistries we are very much 
interested in? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yes, exactly. See, we are very good in some kind of specific methylation 
and Friedel-Crafts chemistry. The molecule, the profane series painkiller is highly co-sensitive 
on the chemistry part with the methylation. And I think we are having the best process and 
chemistry part compared to China, and we are much competitive than the Chinese 
manufacturer. And one more thing we are considering, that no raw material should be the 
China-dependent. Because nowadays, we are also failing the China Plus One policy from our 
customer, so they are frequently asking us if is there any raw material is imported from China 
or not. So considering that, we are selecting some molecules in which there should not be any 
Chinese dependency, along with there is a possibility to become the world's largest in specific 
molecule. So that is what we are following. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it, sir. Sir, currently how much KSMs we are procuring from China? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: We are not doing any KSM directly from China. Mostly the solvent and 
reagent which is getting imported, that is what we are buying from the domestic importer. 
Otherwise, none of our KSM is from China. Generally what happen when we are selecting any 
molecule, we are developing the process from basic scratch. Even though we are not 
manufacturing from scratch, but to be the competitive or to get the upper hands always and 
reduce the risk of the price war, we always be ready with all this development from the scratch. 
And this process optimization and everything is going regularly in our R&D. So cost optimization, 
process optimization, even effluent optimization, everything is going on, and we are not having 

any Chinese dependency on any raw material. If is there any Chinese dependency, then we are 
trying to develop the process and we'll use some manufacturer for specifically manufacturing 
for us. 
Rudraksh Raheja: So from what I'm getting is that you try to be backward integrated from day 
one. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Exactly. Exactly. We are fully backward integrated. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Would that be... Uh, okay, understood, sir. I'll come back in the queue for 
if I have more questions. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yes. Thank you for your detailed answer, sir. 
Moderator: Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have question, please raise your hand 
using the reaction tab. Also, one can request a question in the Q&A box. Next we have Mr. 
Darshan Trivedi. Sir, you may unmute and introduce yourself. 
Darshan Trivedi: Hello. Uh, good evening, sir. Thank you so much for the information. Firstly, 
congratulations on a great set of results, sir. But, uh, may I question how could you regard, say, 
a 30% growth for next three years in our PPT?... but the current capacity we are at around 85% 
utilization. So, and the 700 ton capacity, we are seeing 16 to 18 months. So effectively it will 
come in FY28 only. So the next year, what will be our revenue target? This year we are seeing 
the re- we have given a revenue target for 180 to 200 calls. But next year, what do we see? 
Because we'll be completely utilizing our capacity, and the new plant will also take some time 
to come. So what is your thought process, sir? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah, Darsil, as I mentioned that, that's why we are simultaneously 
explore the inorganic acquisition for our backward integrated raw materials, so that we can 
increase our API or finished product capacity in existing plant. So that exploration is already 
going on, and maybe within this month or mostly by mid of next month, we'll come with some 
outcome and finalizes on the acquisition. 
Darshan Trivedi: Okay. Okay. So it is in that advanced stage right now? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Also, uh, yeah, we'll don't want to lose any business opportunity as of 
now. So expansion and acquisition both can go the parallel. 
Darshan Trivedi: Okay. Okay. Okay. That, okay, understood. So, sir, once the expansion is also 
done and we have an acquisition, then sir, what will be our game plan? So acquisition will also 
be backward integrated, and the expansion also you are saying, is more towards the backward 
integration of our part. So how will it be right? Like how will we maximize our thing? Because 
that also we are seeing, I think till I remember 1100 megatons we are going for out there also 
mostly, and in the new capacity also, it is a 700. So we'll have 1800 tons of backward integration 
and 400 megatons of forward integration. Can you help us out? 

Punit Kumar Rasadia: No, Darsil, it's not like that. Actually, if we'll go for the inorganic 
acquisition, in that case, whatever the expansion we are planning for with our existing plan, 
that would be considering our finished product and API facility. So backward integrated product 
will be already there. But that will be the product from where we have to do the regulatory 
registration. So generally, as per the regulation, N minus two or N minus three from the 
regulated approval site, and remaining KSM, we can do it outside. So that strategy we are 
planning. So next year at least we'll not lose any business what we are trying from last two, 
three years from existing side. And once our new expansion will be ready then, we'll start to 
offer the further molecule which is already going in pipeline and we are expecting it will be 
commercialized by 2028. 
Darshan Trivedi: Okay. Okay. Okay. Fair, fair enough, sir. Uh, understood that. So, sir, in FY27, 
what can be our revenue? What do you estimate, sir? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Next year, honestly, we are expecting minimum 360 to 400 CR after 
inorganic acquisition. 
Darshan Trivedi: Okay. Okay. After the inorganic acquisition. So, and sir, margins with this 
high revenue, will we get some operating leverage and margins can be higher because of that- 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Mm. We feel that margin would be more or less similar because see, 
once we'll expand the capacity then we need to bring so many professionals and so I think 
operating cost would be a little bit higher than compared to what we are having right now. 
Darshan Trivedi: Okay. Okay. Okay. Fair enough, sir. But we'll try to keep the almost similar 
margin or slightly better than that. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Okay. Okay. Sir, and just sorry, last question from my end. So from what 
I understand, FY27, our plan is correct. Now, FY28, we will be firing on all three cylinders. You 
have an existing plant- Exactly. Where we'll have an inorganic opportunity, and the backward, 
and the new expansion of finished goods. So at that time, sir, what will be our potential for us, 
sir? 
Darshan Trivedi: Uh, I think- In terms of tonnage and revenues, sir, or either or whatever you're 
comfortable with. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: The tonnage would be somewhere where you're putting the almost the 
same 600 to 700 metric ton capacity. So our total capacity would be around 18 to 1900. 
Darshan Trivedi: Okay. Uh, to add that capacity, what would be our key bar revenue potential, 
sir? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Uh, see now it is little bit difficult for me to right now comment on that 
because the product what we are having in right now for the '27 or '28- Mm-hmm. ... there are 
mixture of product, but mo-... I can tell you the average what we are expecting right now 
would be after all three commencement and everything would be somewhere between 520 to 
540 CR. 

Darshan Trivedi: Okay, okay. Fair, fair enough. So I- But it is not the peak value, but that may 
be the more or less 550 CR somewhere. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: No, no, no, I understand. So that we can do more, you know, precise 
ones, our acquisition and everything comes in but- Yes. ... this is our offering so that I 
understand. Okay, okay, fair enough. And just you can know our order book, sir, that you are... 
what is our current order book that we have? 
Darshan Trivedi: Uh, for next year we are already having the order of somewhere around, uh, 
you can say 380 CR for the confirmed order- Oh, okay. Perfect. ... for our registered product. 
For our full revenue, we have ordered only that much. That is a great sign, sir. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yes. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. This is mainly export. 60% exports, right? 
Darshan Trivedi: Mm-hmm. Around mainly, majorly 50% export. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Oh, okay. Okay. 50% export, sir. 
Moderator: Would you request Tarsil, sir, to please join back with you- Yeah. Okay. Yeah. ... 
since we have limited time from the management. 
Darshan Trivedi: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have question, please raise your hand 
using the reaction tab. Also, one can ask their question in the Q&A box. Next, we have Nitin, 
sir. Sir, you may please unmute and introduce yourself. 
Nitin: Hello, I'm audible? 
Moderator: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. 
Nitin: Hi, Punit Pai. Uh, just one question only. Uh, want to understand, uh, in terms of the 
orga- inorganic expansion, how far you are in negotiation? Has a particular facility identified 
and, or you're still in between finalizing between two 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: See, basically, uh, I think right now we are not having any ... no, it is 
more or less 5 CR term loan with that, so otherwise the debt equity ratio is not, maybe 
somewhere around .6 or something. 
Nitin: Okay. Okay, understood. And we will have it less than one for sure. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah, right now we are also having .6 or .63 something. 
Nitin: Sure, okay. Great, and I'm really liking what I'm hearing, so all the best, uh, Punit Bhai, 
and look forward to meeting you when the opportunity is there. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Sure, why isn't it? 

Moderator: Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have question, please raise your hand 
using the reaction tab. Also, one can request their question in the Q&A box. Next, we have Mr. 
Paris. Sir, you may unmute and ask your question. 
Paris: Yes, sir. So just a couple of quick questions. Uh, your EBITDA margin going forward, you 
were saying blended EBITDA margin would be in the region of about 25 to 27%? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yes. That sort of, on an annual basis? 
Paris: Yeah, it's on annual basis. 
Paris: Right. Secondly, sir, uh, we've basically, you know, a majority or bulk of our business is 
with almost top five customers only. So, I mean, is there a concentration risk currently, and 
therefore, what are the steps that you are taking to de-risk this? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah. See, I'll tell you why it is showing the top five customer 
contributions. You basically, normally we are in the API business, in which there are so many 
entry barriers, registration, approval process, so it's not like a FMCG or any formulation finished 
doses company that we are having N number of customers. So the products, I'll tell you, like 
the dexketoprofen, which is innovated by the Minarini Italian Company. Now, Minarini is having 
their tablet for the dexketoprofen, which is having the global 60%, around 60% market share 
with them, and we are the only Indian manufacturer, or maybe the glo- out of their global 
supply chain, we are the only manufacturer who is supplying them the N-1, the backward 
integration of the dexketoprofen. So that volume is so big that indirectly we are catering the 
at least 50 to 60% of the global market share. So that's why the top five customer is showing 
the major over selling ratio in domestic market, we are working with the two channels. If is 
there any corporate requirement, then we are supplying directly, otherwise we are having our 
dealer distributor network in domestic, in North Mumbai and Chennai. So that we are supplying 
to them, and then they will do this token sale. So in our books, it will comes as a single 
customer. But I think in India, we are catering more than 125 customers. 
Paris: Understood, sir. And sir, this last bit if I can slip in, FY24 saw a significant drop from 
FY23 revenue, and then again it picked back up. So you know, what is that, uh, 22, uh- See, 
actually what happened- ... 23, 130 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah, yeah, I got your question. Paris Bhai, I got your question. Actually 
what happened, in 2022, we filed the DMF in Brazil. So before 2022, Brazilian drug authority 
and visa was never doing the physical audit for any API manufacturer unless and until it is 
critical. So that new guideline came in the picture, and when we filed, then at that time, we 
have been informed for the physical audits, so our customer EMS, who is number two pharma 
company in Brazil, they have initiated their audit with their own team in India, and they have 
raised some observation in our production and storage area for modification. For us, we have 
to take the mandatory shutdown of the four months, so that stops our sales and it reflects in 
the FY24 results, so that's why the sales was down. Otherwise, FY23 was somewhere around 
113 CR, and again, FY25 was 120 CR. 

Paris: Right, sir. Understood. Understood, sir. Fine. Thank you. 
Moderator: Just a quick reminder for everyone, if you have question, please raise your hand 
using the reaction tab. Also, one can raise their question in the Q&A box. Next we have Mr. 
Rudraksh. Uh, sir, you may unmute and ask your question. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Thanks again for the opportunity, sir. Uh, sir, we have seen some decline in 
API share and revenue mix for H1FY26. Uh, it's 27% and for FY25, it was much higher. So- Yes. 
... is seasonality aspect involved here? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Uh, one aspect is seasonality. One aspect is like that, see basically our 
key hero product was this H1 was ketoprofen and dexketoprofen. So dexketoprofen is the 
forward integration of the ketoprofen. So we have the set of the customer in India, like Amcure, 
Sourav Chemicals, Metrochem, who are buying the N-1 of dexketoprofen from us, which is the 
backward integration of the dexketoprofen, but that molecule is the forward integration of the 
ketoprofen, so any which ways we have to produce the API ketoprofen, then we have to do the 
chemical process, then it will supply to the customer, so it will fall in the category of 
intermediate, but we have any which ways produced the API from that further forward 
integrated intermediate. That's why that supplied is showing the intermediate contribution 
higher than compared to last year. 
Rudraksh Raheja: So, uh, okay. So what would be the margin differential between API segment 
and intermediate segment? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: See, API is an intermediate, we are not having that much big margin, 
but more or less we are having the similar margin, but in API you can say like that one or 2% 
higher EBITA compared to the intermediates. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Understood, sir. Understood. Sir, uh, we talked something along the lines of 
price inclusion in API market and how we try to have a grip on that. So, uh, in the last year for 
our set of molecules that we supply, uh, what's the pricing trend and how do you foresee it 
going for next, let's say, two, three more quarters? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: See, compared to last year, this year our API or intermediate prices are 
reduced by 10 to 15% because the price war from the China or maybe they are having the huge 
spare quantity and they want to liquidate due to the pressure in US for the tariff and all those 
thing. But I think now the market is stable and for considering last three, four months or 
considering over next years, the confirmed contract, we are not having any price pressure as 
of now from our customer because we are in this segment and the product what we are 
manufacturing in which hardly there is only one Indian manufacturer. Otherwise, we are not 
having any competition from the domestic manufacturer. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Got it, sir. Got it. And sir, for this inorganic expansion that we have talked 
about, how much debt we will need on our books? 

Punit Kumar Rasadia: I think we'll not... We have the right now case with us from the IPO 
proceed and reserve surplus also, so we are not planning for any debt as of now. Debt we'll buy 
it from our own fund. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Okay. And sir, can we fund our own 700 ton expansion also with internal 
approvals only? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah, yeah. That... Because in... For that we don't need all those money 
in the one time, so we'll transfer. We'll do it from our regular cash flow and we'll clear it without 
any further debt. Basically, we want to keep the company down the line debt-free. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Yes, sir. And what would be the time- The best- ... expected timeline for 
that? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: ... Mr. Rudra, sir, please join the queue since we have a limited time 
from the management. I think last answer I will give you. The... We are planning that by last 
quarter of next calendar year, means third quarter of next financial year, we will be the debt-
free. 
Rudraksh Raheja: Understood. That- So right now the only debt is around 4.5 CR of the term 
loan. Otherwise, there is no any further outsider debt. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yes. Got it, sir. 
Moderator: Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have a question, please raise your hand 
using the reaction tab. Also, one can request a question in the Q&A box. Next we have Mr. 
Paris. Uh, sir, you may unmute and ask your question. 
Paris: Yeah. Thank you again for this opportunity, sir. Uh, sir, this acquisition that we've talked 
about, and which would be the capacity would be greater than 1100 metric tons per annum, 
uh, what kind of peak revenue can this capacity generate, sir? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: From the total or of the separate organic acquisition? 
Paris: No, from the inorganic acquisition. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: That would be... Peak revenue would be maximum 300 CR from the 
current product what we have planned over there. If we'll plan with the new intermediates or 
our backward integrated high value raw materials, then it can be increased. But right now from 
our plan advanced intermediate what we are planning, that would be 300 CR. 
Paris: Right, sir. And when all the three facilities are, you know, sort of online, the acquired, 
the expanded and the current- Mm-hmm. ... what kind of peak revenue can be done on that 
side in FY 28 or beyond? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: But I think peak revenue is very difficult for me to as of now comment 
on that. But broad, broad range. I mean, it could- But I think average for FY 27, 28, the projects 

what we are having in hand or customer commitment after commercialization of the project- 
Right. ... we can say up to 500 to 550 CR, everything we can reach with all these three facility. 
Paris: Right. But now if you want to go beyond that with the same capacity possible or no? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: But then we have to play in our product range also. We have to, I think, 
reduce the low value product con- which is contributing lower in our revenue, and we have to 
focus more on the high value product. 
Paris: I understand. Instead of going further for acquisition or expansion. But that can be 
discussed, I think, once our facility will be full for our existing product. 
Paris: Right, sir. And sir, just last query of mine. Basically, what safeguards do we have in place 
to ensure compliance during global audits? Meaning to say, you know, we have this facility 
currently, you'll acquire some and you will expand also. I mean, ultimately the revenue will be 
possible, of course, when you have a full time uptime, you know, what we saw otherwise last 
year or in FY 24. So, you know, how do we ensure that we have 100% sort of uptime? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah. That is why we are now trying to manufacture our own existing 
product which is registered in regulatory market in our new acquired facility. We want to 
manufacture our backward integrated raw material which is not falling in the criteria for the 
regulatory approval. That facility and product need to be approved by us only. And we have to 
just submit the report to our DMF. So that will not be the issue for the regulatory compliances 
in terms of supply the intermediate to our other existing facility. 
Paris: Right. And for the acquired entity? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: For the acquired entity only. For new facility for... in our in-house, what 
we are doing, that will be having the same regulatory requirement. So that we need to approve 
the... Actually, we need to just add the additional manufacturing capacity within the... our 
premises. So that is much faster than compared to registering the new facility. 
Paris: Right. Typically, how much, I mean, how often does this audit take place? I mean, 
broadly? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Generally, what happen, if you are supplying any of your API to any 
regulatory customer, in this case, they are manufacturing finished dosage and they have to 
submit the report to their local repres- I mean s- uh, local FDA. If we are supplying to Europe 
to any customer API, then they have to submit their report of auditing our facility to EDQM, 
which is regulatory agency. Now, it is not like any fixed time from EDQM to audit that. If 
customer is audited and EDQM is satisfied, then also it is not coming. But if is there any 
challenges or something like that, then EDQM will come directly to audit us also. So mostly you 
can say maybe once in a two-year audit will be triggered. But customer audit every year. 
Paris: Acha. Customer will do it every year? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Every year. 

Paris: Understood, sir. I mean, if there is a possibility, uh, any expected timeline for US and 
EU DMF approvals? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: See, actually what happened, we have not applied for the US 
purposefully because we are supplying one of our product to Sanofi, Germany. Right. And Sanofi 
is going to trigger USFDA audit in June 26. So once they will trigger, then all the cost, which is 
a very huge burden to all the manufacturers, so that cost will be absorbed by the Sanofi and 
we'll get the USFDA. So DMF, everything is ready, so we are just waiting to trigger the audit 
from the Sanofi. 
Paris: Right. And for EU, sir? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: EU, we already applied the EDQM. We already got the confirmation from 
them. CP is already applied. Now, EDQM come to any time because all of our customer has 
regularly audited us. We... In this year also, we have been audited by three to four customers. 
Right. So by the end of this year, we'll be most likely EU compliant also. EU is already there. 
Paris: Acha. It's already there. Okay. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah. Okay. Thank you, sir. Sir, I might just connect, you know, with 
you later on, you know? 
Paris: Yeah, no, you should. I'll connect with Parth and connect with you. 
Paris: Yeah, sure. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Just a quick reminder to everyone, if you have question, please raise your hand 
using the reaction tab. Also, one can request a question in the Q&A box. We believe there are 
no further questions from anyone. Would now hand over the call to Mr. Parth for the Q&A box. 
Parth: So, Punit ji, there are a few questions from the Q&A box. I'll just ge- re- typing the 
reply. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Okay, you might as well answer because that will be reflecting in the 
transcript. 
Parth: Yeah, let's see it. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Rajaram Singh is having the question, "What is the state of-" Yeah, let's 
see it. "... two new APIs to be launched in November? What is the ramp-up time and revenue 
potential? This is a timeline for capacity addition and revenue potential." 
Parth: See, that two product, Artemether and Lumefantrine, we already started and we have 
supplied some of the quantity within this month also. So... But it will give us the revenue boost 
maybe after in last quarter or maybe first from the first quarter of FY26. And what is- Thanks. 
... the timeline for capacity addition? I think that we already discussed that additional capacity 
expansion and inorganic acquisition what we are doing. So that question must be maybe 
answered. So if is there any further query, Rajaram ji- Yeah. ... then you can ask me. 

Parth: There are a couple of more questions which is different- "Please provide the CDMO view, 
opportunity and company strategy for growth in sector." 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: See, we are already working with the two innovator companies. One is 
in Israel and one is in Europe. So we are having three molec- maybe they're NC molecules with 
us. It is already developed and scaled up. Pilot validation is already going on. So maybe within 
this quarter, it will be completed. Then we'll submit the validation quantity to customers. So 
we are expecting the commercialization of that CDMO projects by third quarter of next financial 
year. 
Parth: Then, "What is the strategy of the company behind entering into new sectors like 
industrial and fine chemicals? What will be the synergies with existing product? What is the 
view of the management on entry?" 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: See, that is, uh, that is means, so what we are planning for industrial 
and fine chemicals, there are so many raw materials which is used in the multiple industries. 
So as we are planning for a one inorganic acquisition where there is a space for manufacturing 
of some of the basic or industrial chemicals, which is having the huge potential in terms of 
quantity and revenue, and it is going in the either agro, paint, or any other industries where 
that all the regulatory compliance is part and everything is not restricted. So we are having the 
opportunity if we can start in industrial and fine chemicals, then it will give us the additional 
advantage and de-risking our API intermediate portfolio along with that new segment. So that 
is the whole major plan to entering in the new space. 
Parth: "Sruthi, our trade receivables are 107. When do we expect to convert them into cash? 
How many of these receivables over six months?" 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Sruthi, out of that 107, I guess around 20, 30 CR is more than six months, 
which we already mentioned in DRHP. There were some issue with one of our distributor which 
was expired last year in road accident. But we are recovering it and we are confident that 
within the end of this financial year, everything will be converted in the cash. And there will 
be no more due more than 180 days in our books. 
Parth: Uh, will sc- current EBITDA margins are sustain in future, but if price correct, what can 
be the lower end of EBITDA margin range? 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Parasi, EBITDA margin see generally whatever. If you are supplying any 
of the product in domestic market, it is it will be highly price-sensitive every time. If the 
government policy will remain the same and most of the APIs is getting imported from China 
for so many traders in Mumbai, then you'll not have any add on advantage on the EBITDA. But 
considering the product mix of the domestic and export, we are damn sure on our technology 
and our operational efficiency that our EBITDA margin will not be less than the 25%. If something 
will be happen, then we'll have the enough product mix also, so we can try to change the 
product which will give the better revenue or better EBITDA. 

Moderator: As there are no further question, we would now like the management to give the 
closing remarks. 
Punit Kumar Rasadia: Yeah. Thank you everyone for joining this meeting, and I think you 
everyone have all those query getting solved from me, and whatever other questions or if 
somebody wants to meet the personally or visit personally, then you can call to Parth and get 
my contact detail or email address, and we'll definitely have a good meeting with everyone. 
Thank you for joining Anlon Healthcare Limited Q2 and H1 FY 26 conference call by Confide 
Lead Partner. Participants may sign off. 
 
