SUMITOMO CHEMICAL INDIA LTD. 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN) – L24110MH2000PLC124224 
Corporate Office: 13/14, Aradhana IDC, 
Near Virwani Industrial Estate, Goregaon (East), 
Mumbai – 400 063, Maharashtra, INDIA. 
Tel. : +91-22-4252 2200 / Fax : +91-22-4252 2380 
URL http://www.sumichem-india.co.in 
 
 
Registered Office: Building No. 1, Ground Floor, Shant Manor Co-op. Housing Society Ltd., Chakravarti Ashok ‘X’ Road, Kandivli (East), Mumbai – 400 101, Maharashtra, INDIA. 
3rd November, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
The National Stock Exchange of India, 
Listing Department, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Bandra East, 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542920 
Scrip Symbol: SUMICHEM 
 
Subject: Written Transcript of Earnings Call held on 28th October, 2025. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
This has reference to our letter, intimating about the earnings call on 28th 
October, 2025 with Investors to discuss financial performance of the Company 
for the quarter and half-year ended 30th September, 2025, and web-link for the 
audio-recording of the call submitted to you on 28th October, 2025. 
 
Please find enclosed herewith written transcript of the aforesaid earnings call. 
The said transcript will also be available on the Company’s website: 
https://sumichem.co.in/investors-relations.php#Announcements 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
Deepika Trivedi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 28, 2025 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 28th October 2025 will prevail. 
 
 
 
    
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHETAN SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR –  
 
MR. SUSHIL MARFATIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
DR. SURESH RAMACHANDRAN – DEPUTY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
 
MR. KUNAL MITTAL – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
PLANNING AND CO-ORDINATION OFFICE  
 
MR. ANIL NAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MS. DEEPIKA TRIVEDI – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sumitomo Chemical India Limited Q2 and 
H1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. This conference may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
From the management today, we have on the call, Mr. Chetan Shah, Managing Director; Mr. 
Sushil Marfatia, Executive Director; Dr. Suresh Ramachandran, Deputy Managing Director; 
Mr. Kunal Mittal, Senior VP, Planning and Co-ordination Office; Mr. Anil Nawal, Chief 
Financial Officer; Ms. Deepika Trivedi, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer; and 
colleagues from SGA, their Investor Relations Advisor. 
 
Now I hand the conference over to Mr. Chetan Shah, Managing Director of Sumitomo 
Chemical India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Shah. 
Chetan Shah: 
Thank you. Hi, everyone. Very good morning to all of you, and welcome to this conference. 
I'm sure you all had great Diwali, and I take this opportunity to wish each one of you a very 
prosperous and meaningful new year. 
 
I must admit that today, I was hoping to join you all with a very, very robust Q2 working on 
the basis of what we did in Q1. However, I think the God and the nature had some different 
plans of their own. And due to the climatic conditions, our expected Q2 performance could not 
be achieved.  
There were first 18 days of July, which went absolutely dry. And then from 19th July, the rain 
started, but it never stopped till September end. This made it very difficult for farmers to go 
into the field for spraying operations. That's how the consumption of agrochemicals in general 
got affected. And there was no respite from rain till the end of Kharif season. So it was a very, 
very disappointed quarter for us. We would have really shown a great performance, but for this 
weather condition. 
 
However, having said that, our H1 still we could achieve a reasonable growth, which is 9% in 
sales and 11% in profits. Apart from that, the quality of business in this adverse condition as 
far as Sumitomo is concerned was excellent. We had -- I mean, we have no returns of goods. 
We have not reduced the prices. We have maintained our profitability. And in spite of all the 
adverse conditions, we have grown in H1 at 9%. So I think that the resilience of our team and 
the discipline that we have enforced in the market has proved to be really good and working. 
And I think we'll come out stronger from this experience. 
 
Another bright side is that the water storage and the reservoirs are absolutely full. The soil is 
moist, which is good for the Rabi season, and we hope that the Rabi season will go well. 
However, some rains are still expected here and there as per IMD, but I don't think that the rain 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
will be a disruptive kind of rain as we saw in August and September. So the overall situation 
looks good, and we hope to have a great Rabi season. 
 
Also on the global front, the agrochemical industry is witnessing early signs of stabilization 
after nearly 2 years of inventory destocking, pricing pressure and climate-related disruptions. 
Internationally, ordering patterns are gradually normalizing and prices appear to have bottomed 
out in key markets, offering a base for recovery. This is in a nutshell, my message or my address 
to you. I'll get back to you in the Q&A session. 
 
I hand it over to Mr. Suresh Ramachandran, Joint MD of Sumitomo. Thank you very much. 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining this call. Coming to the performance of 
Sumitomo Chemical India. The second quarter, as Shah-san mentioned, was undoubtedly a 
challenging one. At least we have not seen this kind of rains in many years. It was just pouring 
from middle of July till the end of September or even into October. 
 
The year of Kharif started on a promising note, but because of the weather conditions, it 
resulted in farmers not able to go to the field, which led to missing of sprays or deferment of 
sprays. Despite all of these challenges, Sumitomo Chemical delivered a resilient performance, 
maintaining operational continuity and channel health while protecting margins in a seasonally 
weak environment. 
 
In Q2 FY '26, our consolidated revenue stood at INR930 crores versus INR988 crores in the 
corresponding period last year. Although this represented a slight decline, it was entirely driven 
by volume contraction due to erratic and excess rainfall. Price realization remained broadly 
stable across our portfolio, supported by disciplined pricing practices and strong product 
positioning.  
Gross margins were maintained at 43.1%, demonstrating cost efficiency and prudent input 
sourcing. The EBITDA margin stood at 22% for H1 FY '26, broadly in line with our 
expectations, despite the adverse seasonal impact in Q2. At the half year level, SCIL 
performance reflects healthy underlying strength. Our H1 revenue grew 9% year-on-year to 
INR1,987 crores with corresponding growth in profitability. 
 
Our domestic Crop Protection business was affected by wet weather, yet our key brands like 
Sumimax, new product launches like Excalia Max, Lentigo and also some old herbicide 
formulations continue to gain traction and reinforce our market leadership. The newly launched 
rice herbicide Lentigo witnessed encouraging adoption, while Excalia Max, a fungicide for 
rice, sustained its strong growth momentum in speciality segments. Our Environmental Health 
division posted healthy growth off  a low base, reflecting our growing presence in branded 
solutions and urban vector control. 
 
In exports, demand was muted in certain geographies, specifically in Africa, countries like 
Kenya, Ethiopia and in Latin America, primarily due to Brazil due to shipment deferrals. Of 
course, our business in the U.S. and Europe remained stable. We are also expanding 
registrations and customer relationships in new markets in Asia and the Middle East to offset 
regional volatility. 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
Importantly, our working capital management remained robust. Net working capital days 
improved by 7 days year-on-year to 55 days primarily due to better receivable collections and 
stable inventory management. 
 
Cash and cash equivalents as of 30th September 2025 stood at INR2,089 crores, providing 
strong liquidity and balance sheet flexibility. While Q2 was weather affected, our H1 FY '26 
results reaffirm the underlying health of our business and our ability to navigate volatility with 
financial prudence and operational discipline. 
 
Our subsidiary, Barrix Agro Sciences recorded a relatively steady performance during the first 
half of FY '26, maintaining its market presence despite challenging operating backdrop. While 
the overall top line remained broadly in line with the previous year, profitability was impacted 
by higher input costs and elevated operating expenses. During this period, biostimulant sales 
were also affected by regulatory constraints, which had a bearing on Barrix's performance. 
 
As we look ahead, we enter the second half of FY '26 with measured optimism. The 
combination of healthy reservoir levels, adequate soil moisture and a normal withdrawal of the 
monsoon augurs well for the upcoming Rabi season. Field conditions have improved 
significantly since late September, which should support a rebound in farming activity and 
input demand. 
 
With that, I hand it over to my colleague, Mr. Kunal Mittal, to talk about the business strategy. 
Over to you, Kunal. 
Kunal Mittal: 
Thank you, Shah-san and Dr. Suresh. Good morning, everyone. At Sumitomo Chemical India, 
we remain firmly focused on executing our strategy and delivering long-term sustainable 
growth. Our strategic priorities revolve around five key pillars, which are as follows:  
Number one, strengthening domestic franchise and farmer engagements. 
 
So our efforts continue to be directed at deepening farmer connect, strengthening the domestic 
franchise through structural engagement programs and digital interventions. The 'Every Day 
Farmers Day', which we have been doing very sincerely since 2024 and which has also been 
explained in the investor presentation - this initiative has become a key differentiator for our 
company in the field. This also enabled direct communication with farmers, demonstrations of 
our product efficacies and enhancement of our overall brand recall.  
We aim to expand our EDFD coverage across additional districts, and we will focus more of 
these activities in our Rabi crop. And this will also help us consolidate our leadership in the 
domestic market through extensive farmer engagement and ground level demand generation. 
 
We are also deploying various digital and physical initiatives, and we are also making sure that 
each of the physical farmer engagements are more impactful and also they are followed up 
with digital initiatives, so we can also take a feedback from the farmer community about our 
initiatives. 
 
Number two, scaling up of our recently launched and differentiated products. Dr. Suresh 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
already explained about these two important products, which we have launched in the first half 
of the year, which is rice herbicide ‘Lentigo’ and patented fungicide ‘Excalia Max’, which is 
INDIFLIN is a technical product. 
 
Our innovation-led growth strategy remains the core of our business model. Both of these 
products are sourced from our parent company, Sumitomo Chemical Japan's global innovation 
pipeline.  And so far, they are very well received in the market. During current financial year, 
our focus is to scale up these products across newer territories, accelerate our demonstration of 
these products to the farmer and also prepare for additional launch. 
 
One important product, which we are planning to launch in the second half of the year is a 
product from our group company, Valent BioSciences. The name of the product is Top Grain. 
These efforts will continue to reinforce our company's reputation as a trusted provider of high 
efficacy and sustainable crop protection solutions. 
 
Number three, enhancing exports competitiveness and our global footprint. We are 
intensifying our focus on expanding global presence. Despite temporary softness in certain 
export destinations, our business model remained resilient and agile. We continue to broaden 
our footprint across Africa, Latin America, Southeast Asia by consolidating our relationship in 
the US and Europe. 
 
With strong backing from our parent company, we are also increasing integration of our group's 
global supply chain and registration network, which will position India as a critical 
manufacturing and export base for our future growth, not just for India, but for the global 
organization. 
 
Fourth, advancing manufacturing and backward integration initiatives. So manufacturing 
excellence is a very important core pillar of our long-term strategy. We have already started 
and commenced backward integration for selected molecules at our Tarapur facility. We have 
also made significant progress in project planning, regulatory approvals for our upcoming 
greenfield expansion at Dahej. 
 
In the earlier investor presentation in the quarter ending June, we had announced two capex 
projects, one, doubling the capacity of one of our product for our parent company to be 
manufactured at Bhavnagar and also few additional products, including some of the 
blockbuster global product being launched recently to be made at our Tarapur site. So, both of 
these were already explained, and they are also explained in our investor presentation. So, these 
facilities like Dahej will produce multiple Sumitomo origin molecules and intermediates, 
which will help us diversify our parent company, SCC's global manufacturing footprint and 
also enhance SCIL's cost competitiveness in the long term. 
 
Simultaneously, our operational teams are continuing to pursue productivity improvements, 
process efficiencies to ensure consistent quality, optimize cost and margin sustainability. And 
that is something which we have demonstrated even in a very challenging market like this, that 
our margins were largely maintained. 
 
Number five, sustaining financial discipline and working capital efficacy. If we look at our 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
company's balance sheet, it remains one of the strongest in the Indian agrochemical industry. 
We continue to prioritize liquidity management, cash generation, prudent working capital 
deployment. 
 
During first half of financial year '26, our collections improved substantially with total inflows 
to the extent of almost INR2,277 crores compared to INR1,999 crores in first half of last year. 
So we remain committed to sustain this kind of a momentum through stringent credit control, 
optimized inventory levels and timely supplier settlements. Our philosophy is to grow 
responsibly. 
 
So, in short and to conclude, while the first half of the year was characterized by climatic 
challenges, the underlying fundamentals of both the Indian agriculture sector and our 
company's business remains strong. 
 
With improving field conditions, healthy rural sentiment with normalization in channel 
inventory and very good levels of water reserves, we expect a recovery in demand during the 
Rabi season and beyond. Our unwavering focus on portfolio differentiation, operational 
excellence, farmer engagement and disciplined execution, position our company well to deliver 
sustainable value for all our stakeholders. 
 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anil Nawal, CFO of our company, to please 
take you through our Q2 and first half 2026 consolidated financial performance. 
Anil Nawal: 
Sir, consolidated Q2 FY '25-'26 financial performance. During the quarter, we recorded 
revenue from operation of INR930 crores compared to INR988 crores in Q2 FY '24-'25. The 
decline was primarily due to lower volume in domestic market as persistent and excessive 
rainfall through much of July and August curtailed field activities and delayed spray 
application in key Kharif crops. 
 
Gross margin in Q2 FY '25-'26 are 43.1% as compared to 42.6% in Q2 FY '24-'25. EBITDA 
came at INR218 crores in Q2 FY '25-'26 as compared to INR245 crores in the same period last 
year. EBITDA margin in the current quarter stood at 23.4% as compared to 24.8% in Q2 FY 
'24-'25. Profit after tax stood at INR178 crores in Q2 FY '25-'26 as compared to INR193 crores 
in same quarter last year. Profit after tax margin stood at 19.1% vis-a-vis 19.5% in Q2 FY '24-
'25. Lower operating leverage in the quarter on account of weather-related volume impact led 
to a moderation in profitability. However, we maintained healthy margin through cost control 
and disciplined channel management. Sequentially, compared to Q1 FY '25-'26, both revenue 
and profitability were lower, reflecting the seasonal softness due to unusually prolonged 
rainfall pattern this year. 
 
Coming to our consolidated performance for H1 FY '25-'26. Revenue from operation in H1 FY 
'25-'26 stood at INR1,987 crores, up by 9% as compared to INR1,827 crores in H1 FY '24-'25. 
In H1 FY '25-'26, domestic agrochemical revenue contributed about 85% of overall revenue 
with export contributing the rest. In H1 FY '25-'26, insecticide contributed about 39% of total 
revenue, while herbicide plant growth regulator and fungicide contributing about 26%, 9% and 
9% of total revenue, respectively.  

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
From a business mix standpoint, our domestic business continued to exhibit healthy 
momentum, growing 11% year-on-year in H1 FY '25-'26, contributing 85% to revenue. Export 
revenue degrew by 4% year-on-year, largely on account of decline in sales to South America 
by 33% as compared to same period last year.  
Our H1 FY '25-'26 gross margin stood at 40.4%, broadly in line with the previous year at 40.9%. 
EBITDA stood at INR437 crores in H1 FY '25-'26, witnessing a jump of 8% as compared to 
INR406 crores in H1 FY '24-'25. Our EBITDA margin stood at 22.0% in H1 FY '25-'26 as 
compared to 22.2% in the same period last year. The profit after tax for the H1 FY '25-'26 
amounted to INR356 crores, reflecting an increase of 11% compared to the previous year's 
figures of INR319 crores. 
 
Now we'll take a pause from here from our side and request moderator to open the floor for 
question, one-by-one. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Capital. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, have we launched Excalia Max and Lentigo pan-India? Or we have done it in a few states 
only till now? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
It's launched Pan-India. Both products have been launched pan-India.  
Prashant Biyani: 
What would be the total revenue from these two till now? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
See still we are taking stock of the situation. It's too early to conclude the revenue. There's one 
more season ahead. Some of the inventory will get liquidated, if there is any in the market. So, 
it's too early to -- it's just about 3 months old product in the market. We launched in June-July 
time frame. So it's too early to comment on the total revenue of those. 
Chetan Shah: 
We are on target, right? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
We are on target. 
Chetan Shah: 
Whatever plans we have made, we are absolutely on target, rather we are ahead of target. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And it finds application in Rabi as well, not only Kharif? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Yes, yes, it fits in both the seasons. It's basically both the products are for rice. Of course, 
Excalia Max goes in other crops as well. So in both the seasons, this product -- both the 
products fit in. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And what would be your outlook of exports for H2? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Outlook for exports in H2. See the Africa season should start probably towards the end of 
December or early January. So we are on track. Overall, the market situation seems to be okay 
in Africa.  
Latin America, what we hear is there is pressure on the channel. But however, our customers 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
are positive. We have been having continuous engagement with our customers which is 
positive and it should be on track. The US, it depends on tariff situation. We have a demand 
there. There is a demand for our product, but it all depends on how the tariff situation is going 
to go, going forward. Asia and Europe would be normal. So overall, I would say it's positive. 
Prashant Biyani: 
But we should build on total export revenue that we had last year versus this year, we should 
be decently higher. 
Kunal Mittal: 
Prashant, we will not be able to comment on any forward-looking statement. And our efforts, 
as Dr. Suresh mentioned, will be to revive the demand as much as possible in the second half. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Okay. And sir, on the semiconductor side, any update if you can give on beyond what we had 
mentioned in the last call. How will the business look like in the initial years? Will it be -- will 
we start from trading or you will go for investments also? Some further insights on that would 
be helpful. 
Kunal Mittal: 
So I think the situation remains same. We continue to monitor the situation in India very 
actively. So we and also our global affiliates, we continue to visit India, various locations, 
various customers. We continue to assess the situation. And we believe the situation will take 
more time because it will be aligned with the semiconductor plants from the key players in 
India start operations. 
 
So depending upon time lines of their starting the operations, our time lines will be linked to 
that. And also, a mix of that, we believe that at this point of time, we believe it will be a mix 
of some products coming from outside India and some products which will need to be localized 
in India. 
 
So, we believe it will be a combination of these things. But it will still take time because what 
we understand is that it will all be, as I mentioned, linked to the customers' operations to start. 
And we are discussing and monitoring the situation on a timely basis. And at the right time, 
we will make a decision and move forward on that project. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, on Barrix, while we have mentioned that there were regulatory 
disruption, which impacted. But while -- when we acquired the initial plan was to have some 
capex also there. How are we placed on that front on capacity expansion plans for Barrix? And 
hence, how could be the future growth trajectory given whatever is the regulatory condition 
right now? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
See the regulatory condition is not only for Barrix, it's for the entire industry. You've been 
observing that biostimulants law came into place and many products got impacted, only 145 
have been approved. And we could not sell not only Barrix, the entire industry could not sell 
from the middle of June till almost end of September or early October. 
 
Still the process is on, you have to get the license endorsement at different manufacturing sites, 
then at the state level and all those things, okay. Those procedural formalities are going on, not 
only for Barrix, but for many of the companies in the industry. 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
 
And also on top of that, the weather was challenging in Kharif. So those are the reasons which 
impacted and we could not sell 3 or 4 products from Barrix's portfolio during that time. 
 
Now things should start. We are looking at starting the sale as soon as possible. In terms of 
capex, I think we have sufficiently equipped for the capacity what we need for the current year 
sale. As the season moves into -- once we close the Rabi and next year demand we project, we 
will take a call on that. Of course, if it is required, we would be definitely investing capex. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sudarshan Padmanabhan from ASK. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sir, my question is on the -- your earlier comment on the international business, where you 
said that after a long period of time, you're seeing some light at the end of the tunnel. In this 
space, I mean, we have been doing a lot of -- talking about exports, while it has not scaled up 
to the extent that we had initially thought. 
 
But in terms of the profitability and the outlook of this segment of the business, I mean, how 
is it currently stacking as compared to what it was, say, 2, 3 years ago when we were actually 
talking about being a serious player in terms of the value chain of our group? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
I think profitability compared to last 2, 3 years, we are at the same level. I mean you can 
comment. We are almost at the same level. We have not eroded of our margin.  
See, when you say export business, there are 2 verticals. One is technical, where generally the 
profitability is slightly lower. On the value addition with formulations, your profitability is 
slightly higher. We have a set of formulations as well as TG export. It depends on the mix of 
formulation and the TG that gets exported, your profitability gets determined. Having said that, 
we are seeking multiple registrations of the formulations in various countries across the globe. 
And those registrations take time. In some countries, it could be 2 years; in some countries, it 
could be 3 years or more also. So as and when those registrations are realized, this formulation 
sales will start happening and slowly, the margin will also start improving. But that will take 
time. 
Chetan Shah: 
And also one thing to note over here is that in spite of the very steep competition from China, 
due to our R&D efforts and process improvements, we have saved a lot of cost in order to 
compete with the Chinese prices. And I'm glad to inform that in all the products that we export 
as generic products, we are in a position to compete China. And that is how we are getting 
orders from our customers. But there is a lot of work being done on process improvements. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sure. But clearly, it looks like the race to the bottom of the price is for the time being largely 
done, because that is something that we've been seeing for last few years. 
Kunal Mittal: 
Yes, that we believe that the prices are more at the bottom level right now. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sure, sir. Sir, on the domestic side of the business, we have consistently been launching 
products and good products. I mean, as you mentioned, we have brought some products from 
our current pipeline and launched it. Sir, in the last -- if I look at the last 2, 3 years, I think we 
have seen 1 year of excess rain and probably the Rabi seems to be good. 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
 
But in terms of acceptance of these products, if you can talk a little bit more about, say, the last 
3 years, how much of the products have contributed? And second is when we are consciously 
launching the product... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you in between, Mr. Sudarshan. Your voice is not clearly audible. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Can you hear me now? Hello? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please proceed. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: So -- see, what I was trying to understand is innovator turnover index or the new launches in 
the last 3 years, how has it been accepted and how much it is contributing? The second is 
between Kharif and Rabi. So today, when we look at the portfolio, it's about 65% coming from 
Kharif and rest from Rabi. With the traction in the international market, and you also talked 
about the new products also targeting Rabi, how do we see this shift, say, 2, 3 years down the 
line? Is that going to be changing? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Sorry, Sudarshan, you got cut off in between. I couldn't hear the second part of your question. 
The first part of the question is about the new product traction. As you mentioned, as you 
rightly mentioned, we have been launching at least 4 to 5 products every year. I would say that 
we are largely satisfied. I think probably the new products would contribute about 8% to 10% 
on a yearly basis. If you look at it, as Shah-san also mentioned a few minutes back, we are 
surpassing our expectations for the current year launches of Excalia Max as well as Lentigo. 
 
In the previous year, we had launched Meshi, which was really, really a super duper launch. 
Of course, it got impacted to some extent this year, we could not ramp it up because of the 
weather situation. We launched Portion last year that also got accepted very well. So overall, 
we are pretty happy with the way the new products are getting accepted. 
 
Obviously, it's only a tiny spec that we are reaching out, how to ramp up those molecules that's 
where Kunal also mentioned about 'Every Day Farmers Day', the more and more customers 
we reach out to, the scaling up would be quicker. Sorry, I could not... 
Kunal Mittal: 
The second part of the question, what you asked, like say, whether in the next few years, our 
Speciality business will become much higher proportion. I think what you need to understand 
is most of the products which we are launching, they are not only focused and concentrated on 
Speciality side. While yes, we have launched several new products in Speciality side. But even 
in the off-patent and the basic segment, which we call, we are constantly launching new and 
new products. So with this, there might be some more higher growth in the Speciality segment, 
but still there will be growth in the basic segment itself even going forward. 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Yes. Just to add a comment on this, we also launched CTPR last year, in-house manufacturing, 
and we have launched 2 formulations. That have got very well accepted. It's in basic division, 
off-patent division. It's really doing well this year also. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: One final question, sir. I was actually trying to understand the difference. Today, we have 65% 
of business in the first half as Kharif. So with the new launches and the international business 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
picking up, do we see this kind of bridging a little bit, say, in the next 2, 3 years? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Not really, Sudarshan. The simple reason is 70% or 65% of the market consumption happens 
in Kharif season, okay? Rabi season is a shorter season and the pesticide consumption is 
slightly lower compared to the Kharif season, maybe 30% to 40%, not more than that. 
 
So we are in line with the industry and agrochemical consumption in the market. Unless we 
get a very specific product for Rabi season, it will remain by and large in the same trend what 
we are seeing today. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rehan Saiyyed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
So, I have one question regarding the pricing versus volume ahead. I think you have answered, 
but there is some bit of voice lack from your side– So my question is with pattern-driven 
volume loss, but stable pricing in quarter 2. So when volumes normalize, so do you anticipate 
competitive pricing pressure in H2? Or does the current pricing discipline look sustainable for 
going forward? 
Chetan Shah: 
The prices are definitely sustainable. As a matter of fact, if prices had to be lower, it was in 
this particular condition, a tough condition of Kharif. We have successfully maintained the 
price line even in these challenging months, I don't see any reason for us to lock the prices in 
the future. I think it would be -- we will definitely maintain the price line even if the volumes 
go up. 
Rehan Saiyyed: 
Okay. And like one bookkeeping question from my side. Could you put any margin guidance 
for revenue growth or EBITDA margin going forward? 
Kunal Mittal: 
Can you please repeat? I think we could not understood. 
Chetan Shah: 
Our efforts are to maintain our EBITDA margin, our profit before tax, all the parameters, we 
will be maintaining or improving -- I don't think that these will go down. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir first question is, we had the initial five products for the capex of INR120 crores with the 
potential revenue of about INR200 crores to INR250 crores. How much of that we have 
realized maybe in first half? Just to understand what could be the potential growth from these 
molecules? And a similar question, the new capex plan that we have announced of INR55 
crores plus INR10 crores, what is the kind of asset turn or revenue potential from this capex? 
Kunal Mittal: 
So about the first with the capex, which we have already completed in the last 2 years. So as 
we have explained in the earlier calls also, it was in two parts. One part was related to the 
Bhavnagar site. So that is something where full commercialization has been achieved. And in 
fact, the second phase, which we have announced, the INR55 crores new capex, a part of that 
is going to double up the capacities at the Bhavnagar site for that particular product. So that 
particular plant and the capex project is fully commercialized, and it is going to get double by 
end of 2026 calendar year.  

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
And the second part of the capex, which we have completed in the past is related to our site in 
Tarapur. We had set up a multipurpose plant. At this point of time, the export revenues are not 
fully commercialized from that site because of some delays. But at the same time, meanwhile, 
we have started using that site Tarapur, for some of the domestic product. So CTPR, I think 
Dr. Suresh also mentioned, we launched this product in market last year, and we started 
manufacturing that product also at our Tarapur site itself. 
 
And in the future, we have planned that some part of this INR55 crore capex, which we have 
announced, about INR10 crores of that is going to Tarapur site. And that is something which 
will add a few more futuristic products in that site. So, some of the products which we have 
just launched in India, and which are launched globally as one of the very high potential 
product. So some of this futuristic new product innovation pipeline will be manufactured at 
Tarapur. 
 
So, in short, Bhavnagar, fully commercialized, we are doubling up the capacity now. Tarapur 
not fully commercialized from the export side, but we have meanwhile used it for the domestic 
requirement. And in the future, we will add more products, which will also have more and 
more requirement and potential commercially for Indian domestic market. So in the future, 
Tarapur site will be more a mix of exports versus domestic utilization. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. That's helpful. Second question is in terms of commentary, we have said that during the 
quarter, we had seen -- although we have done very well in terms of working capital and in 
terms of no sales returns, there has been excess inventory in the system and obviously, there 
have been working capital pressures. 
 
So just wanted to get a perspective as to whether this will have any impact on the volume 
growth for the next season as well? And how has been the Chinese imports coming to India 
during this Kharif season compared to the last Kharif season? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
See, overall, our Rabi season, we are very optimistic As Shah-san mentioned, we don't have 
much of or very, very little sales return or practically no sales return. It doesn't mean the 
channel is overloaded and excess inventory is there. Through various meetings, farmers' 
meetings, channel intense engagement, by and large, a lot of material got liquidated. Having 
said that, we don't know what is the inventory level of the competition in the market. We have 
some idea, but we don't have in-depth idea on what is the level. 
 
The channel would want to liquidate that first. Some companies have taken back, some 
companies have not. Then the demand would start coming in. We are quite optimistic because 
of our differentiated solutions and brand value, it would be a normal Rabi season provided no 
significant rains happen in the coming months. And what was the second question? 
Kunal Mittal: 
Lot of working capital and all that - will have any impact in the second half… 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
I don't think so. I don't think so. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Just one last, if I can squeeze in. We have been making good amount of cash and the cash 
currently on the books is in excess of INR2,000 crores. Any plan how to deploy it, whether it 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
will go in the same business or new business, just broader understanding of utilization of such 
high cash balance. 
Kunal Mittal: 
So as we have mentioned in the past, we have a very robust plans to deploy this cash in our 
business. And the Dahej site, which we are going to develop as a global manufacturing site for 
our parent company's global product portfolio, that is going to utilize a large part of this cash. 
And we are also evaluating various options to fast track and accelerate some of this deployment 
of the cash through various means. 
 
So at this point of time, we cannot give a very concrete time line, but the work is under progress 
to deploy this cash and put it in the business because in the business, it can earn higher ROIs 
as compared to what it is generating today. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha Stock 
Broking. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the Dahej capex. If you can provide some time line or the 
progress on the capex, INR250 crores to INR300 crores that you are going to plan, how are 
you going to plan? A Phase 1, what would be the amount that you'll be deploying and revenues 
that can be generated? If you can provide some time line, phase-wise, that will be helpful. 
Kunal Mittal: 
Yes. So we do not have very clear time lines in terms of when it will be started. As we have 
mentioned in the past, we are looking at various products. In terms of technical feasibility 
studies, a lot of work has been completed. It has been submitted. 
 
We also completed a lot of ground level work in terms of the acquisition of land, acquisition 
of all the environmental approvals, all those kind of things. As we have mentioned in the past, 
we are looking to deploy at least say, INR250 crores, INR300 crores. And while we have 
submitted a lot of feasibility studies, so we expect that during this current financial year, some 
of these projects should go and get approved both by our parent company and us and our Board. 
 
And once they get approved, we will take these projects to the implementation at the ground 
level, with implementation time lines of 18 months to 2 years. So maybe sometime in calendar 
year 2028, we see that some of these projects should start generating revenues. And then we 
will see that how this can be expanded and scaled up the overall site of the Dahej. 
 
So overall, we are working on a multiproduct and multi utilization. So we are not looking just 
one product or one plant, maybe a multiproduct and multiple kind of a plant kind of a situation 
we are looking at developing in Dahej. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Got it. And just till then, how much outsourced manufacturing do we -- because I believe in 
the presentation also, you've mentioned that your capacity utilizations are at 80%, 90% now. 
So for the next 2 years, in the intermittent period, where will you bring that growth from? 
 
Because are we relying on outsourced manufacturing, if you can share the percentage of 
outsourced manufacturing? Or are we just going to bring products from Japanese market and 
add some trade margins in India? Yes. 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Kunal Mittal: 
So it will be a combination of this. See, for our speciality products, there is no outsourced 
manufacturing, either the products are manufactured at our global locations in USA. or Japan 
or it is manufactured by us. But in those products, we do not see any capacity constraints. In 
the off-patent segment, which contribute to 65% to 70% of our business, yes, at this point of 
time, our technical plants are in the range of 85% to 90% kind of a capacity utilization level. 
But we do not see this as a bottleneck for our growth. Whatever growth we will get in terms of 
volume demand in the market, we have the ability to source this product in a fairly short period 
of time from the market, either through China, through India and other suppliers. So we do not 
see that, that is going to be a bottleneck for our growth for future. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Got it. And on the semiconductor side, where are the existing semiconductor companies 
procuring their raw material or the IT chemicals from? Because in Dholera, Tata's plant has 
already started functioning. Cairn has put up a semiconductor plant in India. So, if you can just 
throw some light on that as well, where are they procuring it from? Are they procuring it from 
the parent or they are procuring it through some other entities? 
Kunal Mittal: 
Yes. As far as our understanding and our surveys and discussions goes, I think these kind of 
plants have not started the operations in India. Our products will be going to a very high-end 
fab, which is called the fabrication unit. And some of the units which have started in India in 
semiconductor, they are relatively smaller and OSAT kind of operations. 
 
But in terms of the fab, I think the Tata's fab is going to be one of the largest and the first fab 
but it has not started operations, and we are waiting and monitoring that when the Tata's 
operation will start at Dholera. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Just if I can squeeze in one more? Yes. 
Kunal Mittal: 
Yes. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
So you're saying something? 
Kunal Mittal: 
I'm saying we are in touch with all the customers, including Tata, and we are monitoring the 
ground level situation. But you can also maybe reconfirm this understanding whether Tata have 
really started at Dholera or it will still take some more time. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Got it. Got it. And on the Excalia Max, just wanted to understand, post the Tarapur 
commissioning and if we prove it on the pilot, is it like a full-scale operation at the Dahej, 
INR250 crores to INR300 crores capex where we'll be manufacturing Excalia Max? Is that the 
thought process? 
Kunal Mittal: 
So currently, what we have mentioned is we have already launched this product, but this is 
being manufactured at our Japanese facility. We are importing this TG and then launching this 
product in Indian market. 
 
We have already announced in the last Board meeting, we are investing about INR8 crores to 
INR10 crores at our Tarapur site and the Tarapur site will be able to make this product for 
Indian requirement in the near future. We expect that by March 2027, that project should get 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
completed. And after that, we don't need to import the TG from Japan, and we can sell the 
Indian TG, in our brands in Indian market. 
 
For the future expansion for the global requirement, yes, this is one of the product or maybe 
some part of intermediates of this product, which are in the potential list to be manufactured in 
Dahej. But as we mentioned, this has not been finalized. And once this is finalized and 
approved, we will keep everyone informed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla AMC. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
A couple of clarifications. First on the export side, you have mentioned there was some 
shipment deferment. If can you share the quantum of this shipment deferment and what was 
the reason for this? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
See, primarily, it's from Brazil. One of the key molecules they had inventory. So now that is 
getting liquidated. So that's why instead of H1 that we move into H2, primarily from Brazil. 
Kunal Mittal: 
Also some bit from Africa. In Africa also -- some countries, we saw that some of the customers 
who typically buy in, let's say, Q2, some of that demand moved to Q3 and Q4 also, but it is 
very difficult to quantify because we do not have the firm orders right now. 
 
We are negotiating and discussing with the customers. So we cannot like commit that whatever 
we have lost in first half, how much of that will translate, but efforts are on, and we are hopeful 
that some part of this can be revived in second half. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
On the biologics side, can you share the revenue share from the biologics product in this quarter 
versus last year same quarter? 
Kunal Mittal: 
Yes. Just a second. So biologicals, if you see our PGR segment, which is mentioned on Slide 
#14, from 11%, it has come down to 9%. And as you are aware that we mentioned, I think Dr. 
Suresh mentioned earlier, this is mainly because of regulatory constraint. 
 
Many of our products were stopped selling because of the regulatory thing. This is in the media. 
I think everyone is aware the entire industry faced the situation. And similarly, we faced the 
situation in Barrix portfolio also. So this downward trend from 11% to 9% is mainly because 
of this regulatory constraint and almost like entire Q2, we could not sell this product. 
 
And just recently, we have got some of the approvals, and we expect that in H2, we can revise 
some of these products. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Last, on the capex run rate, though you have shared in bits and pieces about different projects 
in detail. But if I have to -- in a simplified way, if I have to look at the company’s total capex 
outlay in the next 3 years, any number if you can quantify how much we have in mind to 
deploy? 
Chetan Shah: 
We are evaluating 7 products to be manufactured in Dahej. We have submitted feasibility 
reports, which is under study in Japan. And if -- I mean we are confident and hopeful that all 
the 7 products will be approved. However, if less number of products get approved, the capex 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
may be different. But if all these products get approved in the next 5 years, we see deployment 
of INR500 crores to INR600 crores at least to be invested. But it depends on all the seven 
products getting approved. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So my first question, I missed the answer. So, we have roughly around INR2,100 crores cash 
right now. So what are our plans with the cash? Are we looking to give any special dividend 
going ahead? Or how should we think about the cash balance? 
Kunal Mittal: 
I think as we already explained it, right now, there are no plans to return this capital to our 
shareholders. We are working on several opportunities to deploy this cash in the business. And 
part of that can go in the capex for Dahej, and we are also evaluating various other opportunities 
to deploy this cash. 
 
So at this point of time, there are no plans to return this capital to shareholders by special 
dividend and all which you mentioned. So at this point in time, there is no such kind of plan 
under consideration. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Secondly, when we say other opportunities, are we looking at areas even beyond agrochemicals 
for now? 
Kunal Mittal: 
Yes, that is also under discussions and evaluations. While no decisions have been made, but 
under evaluation. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, secondly, on that 5 molecules, given that those have not ramped up materially, by when 
do we expect all the 5 molecules to ramp up or now we would be doing something entirely else 
in those sites? 
Kunal Mittal: 
So as I mentioned,  when we did that Tarapur second multiproduct plant, the idea was to make 
-- to have this site as a fully export-oriented site by these 4 or 5 products as a multiproduct 
plant. But currently, part of that is already used for our local domestic requirements. And even 
in the future, the plan is to subsidize or create alternate site instead of doing import from Japan. 
 
So in the future also, we do not believe that this site will remain 100% export-oriented site and 
Tarapur site will cater to our domestic requirements equally. So maybe we believe that even 
after 2 years when new products start getting produced at Tarapur, the site will be kind of an 
equal mix of exports and domestic requirement. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay. Just last question, sir, even the Dahej side, we would be planning to use for both 
domestic and export or that will be entirely export opportunity? 
Kunal Mittal: 
Largely initially more exports focused. But if the demand of those products goes very big in 
India and if Tarapur is not able to cater all the products, then maybe a part of that Dahej 
production can also be deployed for domestic. Because from our company's point of view, if 
we are manufacturing our TG and just supplying a TG to our parent company versus if we 
formulate and sell in our own brands to the market in India, the margins are much higher in the 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
domestic business. So our focus will be to grow our brands and our volumes and markets in 
Indian market. And if there are additional capacities, for sure, we will use it for exports. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Jain from Blue River Capital. 
Rohan Jain: 
So I mean, looking at your last 3 or 4 years of sales and margin data. And I think to give credit, 
you have done a really good job on the margin front. On the sales growth front, especially now 
if I break that down into domestic and exports, on the domestic for the last 3 years from FY 
'22 to '25, sales have grown at a CAGR of about low single digits for the last 3 years. 
 
And this year also looking at how H1 has gone -- I mean, for the 4th year period, it will still be 
in the low single digit to mid-single-digit kind of range on a CAGR basis. Now when I compare 
this to the peers, who operate in domestic segment solely, the company that is going for listing 
soon and other companies that have already been listed, our growth seems a bit subpar. 
 
So I mean just wanted to get your sense on what is holding us back here really? And what has 
changed in terms of the strategy to improve growth in the domestic segment going ahead? 
Kunal Mittal: 
So I think what I think you are asking is that while in the margin front, we are doing well, in 
terms of top line growth, if we look at last 4, 5 years, past history, maybe some of the peer 
players may be ahead of us. So we understand, I think -- but we believe that our growth is in 
line with the market. Our growth is more focused on high-margin products, better combination 
of products in terms of speciality and generic and also with very, very discipline. 
 
So we are focusing more on the fundamentals of the business and profitability and a good mix 
of the product instead of just running behind top line growth. So that has been our strategy, 
and we are fairly satisfied with what we have done in terms of fundamentals of the business. 
 
So Chetan sir and Dr. Suresh, you want to add anything on this? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
I think you summarized it well. 
Chetan Shah: 
So, the thing is that we are very disciplined in the market. I mean our entire order processing 
from the market etcetera is absolutely online and we do not supply any material to the market 
without a firm order. And we absolutely do not try to dump the material in the market to have 
a performance of one month or one quarter or something like that. 
 
We never do that. And that is the reason why our recoveries and our -- no returns of sales 
proves that our policies in the market are very, very robust. So, I think, as Kunal said, that our 
primary aim is to maintain the margins or improve the margins and top line comes after that. 
So that is the reason why you feel that margins are okay, and top line could be better. But as 
the new products come in, we ramp up the new chemistries which we have launched and all 
that we will also see the traction in top line. 
Rohan Jain: 
Understood, sir. This is helpful. Secondly, on exports, I think for a long time, there's been talk 
of the plant at Dahej being coming up and for some reason or the other earlier due to the weak 
external -- weak overall market situation in exports. And then after that also, there's been a 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
pretty slow process, I think, in some way, looking from outside, then in terms of the traction 
and progress there. So I mean, what can be done to really speed up that? 
 
Because now you're saying CY '28 is when manufacturing will -- I mean, sales should actually 
start seeing from then -- when you've seen announcements made, I mean, as far back as a 
couple of years back. 
 
And then along with that, in terms of exports at the parent level, apart from semiconductors, 
we also have display chemicals, pharma, some other few segments there. So are we looking to 
also bring those segments' share from the parent level into India? 
 
And then within India operations, will those be operated through the listed entity itself? Some 
clarity on that? Because this INR2,000 crore cash that we have, that should get utilized in a 
much better manner, as you also rightly said earlier. So some clarity on that, please? 
Chetan Shah: 
Okay. So there are 2 things, 2 parts of the question. You have to understand one thing that 
dealing with Japan as a country, it is very, very sustainable, but the speed can be lesser than 
what we expect it to be. So a little bit of delays or a little bit of this thing which we feel 
frustration about is due to the working style of Japan, basically, I would say that. 
 
But having said that, once they decide, as you may have seen in our last 25 years of history 
that once they decide, there is no going back. That's why I use the word sustainable because 
the decisions once given, there is no looking back. So now we have a very clear guideline from 
Japan that Sumitomo Chemical India will be the manufacturing hub for Sumitomo Chemical 
Japan. 
 
And that is why we are seeing the number of products and the speed at which we are getting 
one by one approvals has really improved. I will also give you another example that now India 
has been put or Sumitomo Chemical India has been put by Japan as a #1 category for testing 
new molecules. 
 
So earlier what used to happen that the new molecule will start in North America, Brazil and 
Japan. Now India is the fourth country placed in the same category. So any new molecule that 
is even at a trial stage, that comes to India along with North America, Brazil and Japan. We 
have already received 2 such molecules for testing. So the speed has improved. 
 
Our capabilities of marketing, our capabilities of R&D, our capabilities of process engineering, 
our capability of market reach, everything has been at a very high level now with SCC Japan. 
So we are hopeful that now the speed of products coming in will improve drastically. And as I 
mentioned that we have seven products, almost all feasibility reports have been given. We have 
given two clearances. We have already received two clearances and the balance five products 
clearances is expected to be received by end of this financial year. So once that comes, all our 
plans to implement this project will begin. 
Kunal Mittal: 
And also, as Shah-san mentioned, a lot of speed has improved. But at the same time, all other 
sectors which you mentioned, like you mentioned about display and pharma and several others, 
yes, our parent company has wide range of sectors and different different businesses. 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
 
And as a company in India, as an important successful company in India, we are in touch with 
all these different businesses, like we are evaluating what can be done in India. But the final 
decision will be made by each of these businesses independently. We continue to be trying 
from our side that this is part of our own company. This is Sumitomo Chemical India Limited, 
but there is no like a legal obligation or something like this. But yes, the progress and the 
discussions are in the positive territory at this point of time. 
Chetan Shah: 
And our efforts will be -- of course, we like -- I mean we are putting in a lot of time, energy 
into this semiconductor sector or pharma and our endeavor will be that Sumitomo Chemical 
has to be part of it. That will be our responsibility to convince Japan that Sumitomo Chemical 
remains as a part of this business and this business comes into our listed company. 
Rohan Jain: 
Understood, sir. This is really helpful. Given the cash balance of INR2,000 crores, I think and 
the earlier outlay that you mentioned about INR500 crores to INR600 crores and given how 
our cash generation has been historically, there will be a lot of cash accruals on the balance 
sheet. It will really be helpful if some of these can be expedited and more growth can be brought 
into the Indian entity. That’s all from my end. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Two questions. First, on the speciality side, while we have been launching new products over 
the last 3, 4, 5 years, the growth in the speciality agrochem space is much lower than the generic 
bit. Just curious to understand whether it is just a matter of time and these products will sort of 
get monetized and hence, a higher growth going ahead? Or there is any structural change in 
the market and speciality will probably continue to grow at a slower pace? 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
I'm not sure, how you're saying speciality growth is not there. 
Kunal Mittal: 
Because Ankur, if you see the segment, like if you see last 5 years, we were more in the range 
of 22% to 24% our speciality segment, which has grown to more in the range of 28%, 30% 
even in this half, you can see. So yes, quarter-to-quarter and say, first half versus first half, 
there may be variations. But structurally, we believe our speciality segment continues to grow 
at a higher pace and not like significantly higher because our basic and the off-patent and 
generic segment is also growing constantly in the existing molecules and as well as launch of 
new molecules. But yes, the space -- the growth of speciality segment over last 3- to 5-year 
period is at a healthy and satisfactory level. In this particular first half, yes, maybe it has drop 
1%. 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
No 
Kunal Mittal: 
Almost same. 
Management: 
Almost same. Yes. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. So sorry. So just on the speciality, especially the domestic part, I'm excluding exports 
here, you believe the pace is okay and probably it's satisfactory as to our understanding, our 
expectations internally. 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Yeah. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. Great. And just a second bit clarification. We did highlight INR500 crores to INR600 
crores of potential capex for those 6, 7 molecules over the next 5 years at Dahej that is. This 
will be largely fully utilizing the Dahej capacity, and this is the peak that we can look at from 
a capital deployment there or there is something more? 
Kunal Mittal: 
This is just the starting of Dahej. Dahej will have potential to cater to this kind of a growth for 
even next 10 years or even 12 years. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Great. And the INR250 crores, INR300 crores capex that we were sort of waiting for the full 
approval to come in, it will be a subset of this INR500 crores, INR600 crores? 
Kunal Mittal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors Private 
Limited. 
Bharat Sheth: 
On agrochemical, you said that since we don't want to dump the material and we want to sell 
at certain margin vis-a-vis so our growth is in line with the industry. But with a lot of new 
products that you say that you will be launching.  So how do we see -- one is the acceptability 
of the speciality among our fraternity. I mean, farming fraternity, how the things are trending 
up? And when we really see our agrochemical business growth higher than the industry 
growth? 
Chetan Shah: 
See, I'll tell you that the growth of speciality molecules like last year, we launched Meshi, and 
in the very first year, we achieved 5 lakh liters. Our target of that particular product was to 
ramp up to 10 lakh liters this year. But because of the climatic conditions, we could not do that. 
Even then, I am sure that we'll cross 5 lakh liters by the end of this financial year. So it is not 
that we are not growing. 
 
I think we have to understand that Q2 was a major, major setback due to no control of ours 
over the situation. So that has to be ignored. Even the launches which we made in these difficult 
conditions of Excalia Max, we have surpassed our initial estimates. So the traction is very 
good. The product like Lentigo, we have surpassed our estimates. 
 
So all these products have very big potential to have a traction in future. And that is what we 
are striving for. Even for like our brand Mera 71, we have sold 3,000 tonnes in the first 6 
months of this year, which is the highest ever for the entire year. The earlier best we had done 
was 2,800 tonnes for the full year. And we have already crossed 3,000 tonnes in the first half 
in such difficult conditions. So tractions are there. But we also understand that the traction 
cannot be for all the products at the same time. There will be some products which will be 
affected because of certain conditions. But because of certain favorable conditions, some 
products can have a terrific traction. So it is a very dynamic sort of a situation in the market. 
What is the rain condition, what is the soil condition, what are the pest conditions. It depends 
on all this. And we have to be agile to cater to this demand when it is required, what is required. 
So you cannot see traction in all the products at the same time. 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Kunal Mittal: 
Yes. And I think what you mentioned is that we made a comment that our growth will be in 
line with the industry. So that was, I think, maybe not a right thing what we said. What we are 
saying is in line with the market growth, for sure, we will grow. That is something which is a 
base confidence. 
 
And then we deploy several strategies, as Shah-san explained in detail product-wise level, 
several new products and then doing extensive demand generation and farmer engagement for 
these products, so farmer understand the benefit of this. And through this, create additional 
demand over and above the market demand for our products. 
 
So this is the same strategy which we have been deploying, which has given us almost 14x 
growth in last 15 years. And we believe that in this kind of a situation, if we continue to launch 
new products, good innovative products, do extensive farmer promotion, we surely target to 
grow more than the industry. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Great, sir. And sir, second question of mine -- that you said that now we -- our parent 
has put our -- I mean, Sumitomo India, India on the par with the other developed market on the 
introduction of new product and all. 
 
So there are also other category where we are not present, which is there in the parent portfolio. 
When we like to see all those products, I mean, really when there is a significant market 
opportunity are there in India will start playing out? 
Kunal Mittal: 
So as we have already mentioned, we are in touch with many of these businesses. But see, 
many of these businesses are more... 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
You can complete with other segments, you complete it, I will answer. 
Kunal Mittal: 
So this what we are talking about is in other segments, some of this business may not be suitable 
at this point of time. Like I think someone talked about display. So display, there are no display 
fabs in India at this point of time. So, we are monitoring many of these sectors and segments 
and industries, how they are evolving in India. And at the right time, for sure, we would like 
to take opportunities and materialize that. But at this point of time, many of these segments 
may not have that readily available opportunities in India.  
And as the Indian market grow, we are seeing good growth in Indian market, both in terms of 
volume and structure and the fundamentals of the market. And as India progress to the newer 
technologies and displays and more high end of the pharma, for sure, we will be ready to take 
benefit of those opportunities in Indian market. For other segments, and Dr. Suresh will now 
answer about the current segment, how we are expanding globally. 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Yes. In terms of agrochemicals, yes, Shah-san mentioned about India being on the map along 
with countries like developed countries like Japan or US or Brazil. Now India is also on par 
with those kind of countries. So what it really meant was, till now or till last month, whatever 
the new molecule that would come out of the discovery stage were initially tested in those 3, 4 
countries. After a couple of years or even maybe after 5 years, only India was even considered 
as a market for those kinds of molecules. Now SCC has clearly identified India as a potential 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
market. Whenever the discovery molecule comes out of the pipeline, India will be one of the 
countries along with the countries like US or Europe or Brazil for initial phase testing itself. 
 
With that, we also have proved that two or three molecules, which are not even named coded 
compounds are going to be tested in India in the coming months or next Kharif season, which 
means that India would be one among the first countries for launch of those new products. 
 
Having said that, these new products to really go through the registration pipeline and come to 
the market depends - it may take 5 years, 6 years or more than that, depending on the molecule. 
So at least now, SCC Japan is considering or has started considering India as one of the premier 
markets, and we would like to have an early entry as soon as the molecule comes out of the 
discovery pipeline. 
Chetan Shah: 
This will be basically from Japan and branded in India. 
Suresh Ramachandran: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that will be the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sushil Marfatia for closing comments. 
Sushil Marfatia: 
Namaste, everyone. Thank you all for asking some very interesting questions and our 
colleagues for replying the same. We hope we would have addressed all your queries.  
As we draw this call to a close, I would like to take a moment to reflect on what truly underpins 
Sumitomo Chemicals India's performance. Even in the quarter set by unusually erratic weather 
and external headwinds, our results reaffirm the strength of our fundamentals - a well-
diversified portfolio, disciplined financial management, deep farmer relationships and an 
unwavering focus on quality and execution. 
 
Our emphasis in the second half of the year will be on the capitalizing on the improved field 
conditions, driving volume growth in key molecules and sustaining our margin profile through 
prudent cost management and operating efficiency. We will continue to invest in innovation, 
farmer outreach and capacity enhancement to reinforce our leadership in the domestic market 
while building a stronger export franchise aligned with our parent company's global network. 
 
We believe that our strategic directions is well aligned with the evolving needs of the Indian 
agriculture - a sector that continues to transform through technology, sustainability and 
innovation. And looking ahead, the company remains fully committed to its long-term strategic 
priorities - strengthening the domestic franchise, deepening the innovation pipeline, expanding 
manufacturing and integration and maintaining balance sheet strength. We believe these 
initiatives will enable consistent, sustainable growth and long-term value creation for all our 
stakeholders. 
 
Thank you for taking your time to join our conference call today. We truly appreciate your 
participation. We take this opportunity to wish you a season's greetings. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sumitomo Chemical India Limited, that concludes this conference. 

 
Sumitomo Chemical India Limited 
 
 
October 28, 2025 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Thank you for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
