 
LG Electronics India Limited  
(16th to 20th Floor) C- 001, Tower D, KK Project, Sector-16 B. 
Noida - 201301 Dist. Gautam Buddha Nagar, UP (India) 
T: 91-120-651-6700 Website: www.lg.com/in 
Email id: cgc.india@lge.com 
Regd. Office: A-24/6, Mohan Cooperative Industrial Estate, Mathura Road, New Delhi – 110044 
CIN: U32107DL1997PLC220109 
 
 
LGEIL/CGC/2025/11 
 
Date: November 21, 2025 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited                                BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G                                                     Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Bandra Kurla Complex,                                                               Dalal Street,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051                                                   Mumbai – 400 001 
 
NSE Symbol: LGEINDIA                                                            Scrip Code: 544576 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
 
In continuation of our letters dated November 7, 2025 & November 14, 2025 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
Transcript of Earnings Call held on November 14, 2025 on the un-audited Financial Results for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025 has been made available on the Company’s website 
at below URL:  
 
https://www.lg.com/in/investorrelations/quarterly-reports/ 
 
We are enclosing the Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours truly, 
For LG Electronics India Limited  
 
 
 
 
Anuj Goyal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. A23761 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Anuj 
Goyal
Digitally signed by Anuj Goyal 
DN: c=IN, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=cd884a46ddb4083faaa8aa529316f5b5fa750
43782a7029c66b232e76d747c0c, 
postalCode=110092, street=J EXT 110 LAXMI NAGAR 
GALI NO2 NEAR JAGAT RAM PARK Laxmi Nagar east 
Delhi, pseudonym=20250625144403137, title=5591, 
serialNumber=523087c1d87cd3a4becfec89071a3990
96cf9d22867419e0779cce796472add4, o=Personal, 
cn=Anuj Goyal 
Date: 2025.11.21 16:59:29 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“LG Electronics India Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DONGMYUNG SEO – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER (CFO) 
 
MR. SANJAY CHITKARA – CHIEF SALES OFFICER 
MR. ATUL KHANNA – CHIEF ACCOUNTING OFFICER 
MR. GAGANJEET SINGH – CHIEF MANUFACTURING 
OFFICER 
MR. GURPINDERJEET SINGH – FINANCIAL HEAD 
MR. SOONJOO SEO – INVESTOR RELATIONS OFFICER 
MR. ADITYA BHASIN – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SOUGATA BASU - CITI GROUP 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the LG Electronics India Q2 
FY '26 earnings call. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Basu. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sougata Basu: 
Thanks, Michelle. And on behalf of Citibank, I would like to welcome all the 
participants to the Q2 FY '26 conference call of LG Electronics India Limited. 
 
I have with us Mr. Soonjoo Seo – Investor Relations Officer of LGEIL. 
Without further taking time, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Soonjoo 
Seo. Over to you, sir. 
Soonjoo Seo: 
Warm good evening to everyone. I would like to welcome you to the Q2 FY 
'26 Earnings Call of LG Electronics India Limited. 
 
Hope you have gone through our presentation uploaded on our website and 
stock exchange. I also want to remind you of the safe harbor. We may be 
making some forward-looking statements that have to be understood in 
conjunction with the uncertainties and the risks that the company faces. 
 
We have our senior management here with us today, being represented by Mr. 
Dongmyung Seo – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sanjay Chitkara – Chief Sales 
Officer, Mr. Atul Khanna – Chief Accounting Officer, Mr. Gaganjeet Singh – 
Chief Manufacturing Officer, Mr. Gurpinderjeet Singh – Financial Head, Mr. 
Aditya Bhasin – Head-Investor Relations. 
 
Without any further delay, I will hand over the floor to Mr. Dongmyung Seo 
for his initial remarks. Thank you. 
Dongmyung Seo: 
Namaste. Welcome all of you to the first earnings call of LGEIL. It is an honor 
to speak with you today as we celebrate a major milestone in LG Electronics 
India's journey, our successful initial public offering last month. We are 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
humbled by the great response from the market, receiving bids worth INR 4.4 
lakh crore, and achieving 54x subscription, the highest in India's IPO market 
since 2008.  
 
This was not just a financial event. It was a moment of pride for all of us. And 
the strong participation from local shareholders reflects the deep trust placed 
in us, which reinforces our identity as an India-rooted company and a true 
national corporation. 
 
In our ‘Future Vision’ event, we shared LG India's long-term strategic 
direction: "Make for India, “Make in India”, Make India Global." This vision 
is driven by a feasible action plan to deliver results across product innovation, 
manufacturing scale up, and global competitiveness.  
 
As a part of “Make for India,” we are combining global technology with deep 
local insights to create product tailored for Indian lifestyles. Our newly 
launched LG Essentials series, under the slogan "Har Ghar Appliances, Har 
Ghar Happiness," designed for aspirational and first-time buyers, is already 
gaining strong early transactions in underpenetrated regional markets. It 
reflects our commitment to growing together with Indian consumers by 
delivering quality products powered by LG technology, combining 
affordability and value for money for families across the country.  
 
On the "Make in India" front, we are expanding our manufacturing footprint. 
We already did groundbreaking on our third factory in Sri City, Andhra 
Pradesh. This new facility will significantly boost our production capacity, 
improve logistics, and strengthen our supply chain in South India, laying the 
foundation for long-term growth and operational excellence. Construction is 
progressing smoothly in line with the planned schedule. Beginning with the 
construction of a production building for RAC and compressors, we will 
expand the construction to a production building for refrigerator and 
warehouse next year.  
 
Through "Make in India Global," we are supporting LG's Global South strategy 
by leveraging India's productivity in hardware and growing software 
capabilities. We are closely monitoring global trade developments, and our 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
premium product portfolio is set to drive export expansion as the tariff situation 
improves. 
 
Together, these represent our commitment to innovation, localization, and 
global ambition. Further, we are actively pursuing new business initiatives to 
expand domestic revenue. These efforts are aimed at deepening LG footprint 
in India.  
 
Our core fundamentals remain strong. Although several external 
environmental factors have affected our short-term performance, we are 
continuously strengthening our fundamental business competitiveness by 
expanding market share across all major product categories.  
 
In addition, for positive growth, we are witnessing our business portfolio 
advance as a proportion of high-profit business increase, such as non-
hardware-based recurring business like AMC and B2B operations that hold 
high growth potential. In particular, as global IT companies expand their data 
centers worldwide, India's strong IT capabilities make it a key destination 
where LGEIL is tapping into the data center cooling market.  
 
As we move forward, we are not just expanding product lines; we are 
expanding possibilities for millions of Indian households. From deepening 
regional reach to scaling global exports, every step we take is rooted in India's 
aspirations and aligned with global opportunity. Thank you for your 
continuous trust. 
 
Now, I would request Mr. Atul Khanna, our Chief Accounting Officer, to take 
you through the financials. Thank you. 
Atul Khanna: 
Thank you, Mr. Seo. And good evening, everyone. It is a pleasure to welcome 
you to our first earnings call post-IPO, and I would like to thank each one of 
you for taking the time to join us today.  
 
Let me now share an overview of LG India's financial performance for the 
second quarter of Fiscal Year 2026. The first half of the year witnessed muted 
momentum across the consumer durable sector, shaped by a combination of 
external headwinds. Demand was notably impacted by an unexpected cooler 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
summer, early monsoon, currency volatility, U.S. tariffs, and geopolitical 
tensions, particularly the Indo-Pak situation, leading to a cautious consumer 
sentiment. These external factors impacted overall demand, especially in 
compressor-based categories such as air conditioners and refrigerators. 
 
Gentlemen, just to share with you, based on a recent report from CRISIL 
published in Economic Times on November 2nd, it says the Indian home 
appliances industry is expected to see slower growth this fiscal year.  
 
However, a key development during the quarter was the GST rate cut 
announcement on August 15. This timely policy intervention helped revive 
consumer confidence and supported the demand outlook. The implementation 
of the revised rates on September 22 gave a strong and positive push to sales 
in key categories, helping the industry regain momentum heading into the 
festive and wedding season.  
 
Despite the temporary headwinds, in Quarter 2 of Fiscal Year 26, LG India 
Limited delivered a resilient performance and reported a revenue from 
operations of INR 61.74 billion, marking a year-on-year growth of 1.0% over 
INR 61.14 billion in the same quarter last year. Revenue remained stable year-
on-year, reflecting underlying brand strength and consumer confidence, even 
as some purchases were temporarily deferred ahead of the GST rate cut 
announcement on August 15 and its effective implementation on September 
22.  
 
During the quarter, we recorded a quarterly EBITDA of INR 5.48 billion, with 
an EBITDA margin of 8.9% compared to INR 7.57 billion and a margin of 
12.4% in Quarter 2 of previous year. The margin impact reflects the combined 
effect of rising commodity prices and incremental investments in festive go-
to-market initiatives to support our distributors and retailers during these 
challenging market conditions.  
 
 
 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
Net profit for the quarter stood at INR 3.89 billion, with a margin of 6.2%. Let 
me now touch on working capital. As of 30th September 2025, our working 
capital cycle stood at INR 2.2 billion, as compared to INR 2.0 billion as of 31st 
March 2025 last year. The increase was primarily due to incremental inventory 
in compressor-led products and temporary credit support to extend additional 
payment days to our trade partners, offering them greater flexibility and 
support during these challenging market conditions.  
 
Our cash and bank balance as of 30th September 2025 remains healthy at INR 
42.8 billion.  
 
In line with our long-term strategy, we continue to reinvest into our business. 
A key example is our upcoming manufacturing facility at Sri City, Andhra 
Pradesh, which is poised to become a strategic asset for both domestic 
operations and export market. This facility will enhance production capacity, 
improve logistics efficiency, and support our localization roadmap. We have a 
planned investment of approximately INR 5,000 crore, which will be funded 
through our internal accruals deployed in a phased manner over the next four 
to five years.  
 
Our business fundamentals remain strong, and our long-term strategy is firmly 
on track. With India's fast-growing GDP and industry reports pointing to an 
imminent inflection point in consumer durable demand, we are well-positioned 
to capitalize on this momentum.  
 
With that, I would like to hand over to Mr. Aditya Bhasin, Head IR, who will 
walk you through the segmental performance and share insights into our 
outlook for the coming quarters. Over to you, Mr. Bhasin. Thank you. 
Aditya Bhasin: 
Thank you, Atulji. Namaste and good evening, everyone. Let me now take you 
through our segmental business performance for the second quarter of Fiscal 
Year 2026, starting with our home appliance and air solution segment.  
 
The segment continued to reinforce its leadership in Q2 FY 26, gaining market 
share across key product categories. Despite the temporary impact of GST 
timing, our strong brand equity and resilient channel performance helped 
deliver value growth in offline market share in YTD September 2025.  

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Let me now share the glimpse of product-wise market share.  
 
In washing machine category, our market share stood at 33.4%, maintaining 
our absolute leadership in the category. In refrigerator, we stood at 29.9%, an 
increase of 1% compared to YTD September '24, reflecting continued strength 
in our core appliance portfolio.  
 
In RAC category, our share was 17.4%, an increase of 0.5% compared to YTD 
September 2024. In the premium category, our side-by-side refrigerator market 
share increased to 43.2%, an increase of 4.5%, highlighting our leadership in 
the premium cooling segment.  
 
In terms of financials, the segment reported revenue from operations of INR 
39.48 billion compared to INR 39.53 billion in Q2 FY '25, representing a stable 
performance in a muted and challenging demand environment.  
 
During the quarter, the segment reported an EBIT margin of 8.2%. The margins 
were tested by elevated commodity prices and higher recycling costs linked to 
compliance. Further, incremental festive go-to-market investments also added 
pressure as we prioritized consumer engagement and retail push.  
 
Now, looking ahead to the next quarters, the industry anticipates sustained 
demand driven by the recent GST rate cut, festive, and wedding season 
tailwinds, unlocking momentum across categories with premium appliances 
leading the recovery. With our two-factor strategy, we are widening the price 
spectrum through LG Essential and a new premium range targeting niche 
demand and unlocking growth in under-penetrated markets.  
 
We are further strengthening our premium portfolio with new front door 
refrigerators and AI-enabled front-load washing machines. Having said that, 
we remain cautiously optimistic across all categories, with steady demand 
expected in both premium and value segments.  
 
Moving on to our home entertainment segment, while the TV industry 
continues to grow steadily, the premium segment is expanding faster than the 
entry-level models, where LG is outperforming the market.  

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
During the quarter, the segment reported an EBIT margin of 12.6% and 
recorded revenue from operations of INR 22.6 billion, higher by 3% Y-o-Y 
from its INR 21.61 billion in Q2 FY '25. The growth was driven by demand in 
the TV segment on the back of the festive season.  
 
However, information display business has been impacted due to U.S. tariffs 
and current geopolitical issues leading to low-infra spending. During this 
period, we improved our TV market share to 27.5% in YTD September '25, a 
gain of 1.4%. This growth was driven by continued focus on cost optimization 
and a higher share of premium products in our portfolio.  
 
Notably, our OLED market share increased to 4.2% to 62.6% in YTD 
September '25, reinforcing our leadership in the premium TV segment. Though 
the TV industry faced external headwinds in the first half of FY '26, the outlook 
for Q3 and the second half remains positive. The Indian market is growing 
steadily and was supported by the festive demand and GST rate cuts. Consumer 
sentiment has improved, with larger screen sizes emerging as a key upgrade 
driver.  
 
LG continues to lead in this space, with its premium large-screen portfolio 
gaining strong traction across offline channels. We are well-positioned to 
capitalize on this moment in FY '26 and beyond as we deepen market 
leadership through innovation and agility. In B2B space, we are focused on 
further strengthening information display business by leveraging India's 
growth infrastructure, which offers significant potential.  
 
Now, to summarize, the first half of FY '26 was marked by temporary external 
challenges and muted demand across the consumer durable sector. Despite this, 
LG India further improved market share and maintained its leadership in all 
product categories during H1, reflecting strong fundamentals, brand equity, 
and focused long-term strategy. Being an industry leader, our endeavor is to 
perform better than the industry.  
 
With that, we conclude our remarks. We now request the operator to open the 
lines for the Q&A session. We look forward to addressing your questions. 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the 
question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Sanjeev 
Kumar Singh from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: We discussed a few factors like the impact of Forex, GTM investments, 
recycling, etc., which impacted margins in this quarter and the first half of FY 
'26. Would it be possible to give more color on the impact of each of these 
factors, and do we expect some of these costs to reverse in the second half?  
 
Also, can you share that if there are product verticals like room air conditioners 
or cooling products, which are seeing higher pricing, higher pace of 
profitability, as we have seen in the number of other peers? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
The first part of the question will be addressed by our CAO, Mr. Atul Khanna. 
The second part will be addressed by Mr. Sanjay Chitkara, who is our CSO. 
Atul Khanna: 
So, gentlemen, during this quarter, if you see that margins came under the 
pressure because of some external factors, which was where we have absorbed 
the cost of go-to-market initiatives and consumer promotions to support our 
partners, to build a momentum in the market for our trade partners as well as 
the consumers, with a neutral revenue growth also, which limits us to absorb 
our fixed cost as well. Whereas the global headwinds of FX devaluation, rising 
commodity prices, which has impacted particularly the margins, and recycling 
costs also given a tough time this time, as our target for Fiscal Year '26 
becomes 70% as per the government regulations, whereas last year, Fiscal Year 
'25, it was 60%. 
 
So, looking ahead for the future, we are expecting these margins to improve 
through greater localization and local buying, sourcing from India, and 
working on our operational efficiencies, whereas stronger growth in the 
premium product segment, expansion of our annual maintenance, recurring 
income profitability, where it is higher, as well as the B2B business, which are 
where the margins are a little better. And we are coming up with the launch of 
some new product categories as well, which will add on to our volumes as well 
as give us economy of scale, and which give leverage to optimize overheads, 
fixed costs as well.  

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, I will handle the second part of the question about the refrigerator and air 
conditioners’ margins, which you mentioned. See, we have never pursued 
short-term margin tactics. Our strategy has been always for the long-term, 
because in business, market share drives your revenue, and revenue drives your 
profitability. And with our leadership position, as Aditya Bhasin did in this 
presentation, mentioned about our market share improvement for refrigerator 
by 1% and air conditioner by 0.5%, we further expanded that advantage.  
 
Regarding margin normalization, we have also taken a little bit price increase 
of 1.5% to 2% for our refrigerator and washing machine case. We have also 
rationalized our promotional intensity, and our ongoing localization is already 
happening. See, our best and biggest strength for air conditioning and 
refrigerator business is our in-house production of compressors, heat 
exchangers, PCBs, and other important sub-assemblies. We will continue such 
efforts and try to normalize our margin. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: Continuing with this, we assumed some sort of margin improvement from the 
current level, which we have reported in 2Q, in 3Q. So, I am talking about the 
near term. We understand that long term, you are doing a lot of initiatives in 
terms of localization, plus there will be reversal of some of the expenses. But 
any outlook which you would be able to share in the near term, especially in 
the second, third quarter, or fourth quarter? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
This answer will be addressed by our respected CFO, Mr. Dongmyung Seo. 
Dongmyung Seo: 
Please understand that I will not be able to open specific figures in today's 
event. What LGEIL remains focused on is our long-term strategy. Revenue 
CAGR since 2022 stands at 13.1% with double-digit EBITDA. Although FY 
2026 was challenging due to cool summer, regional tensions, foreign 
exchange, and tariff shifts, our impact remained minimal, unlike other 
competitors.  
 
By focusing on premium segments in B2C, along with launching LG Essential 
that targets first-time buyers, we aim to penetrate the volume zone, eventually 
surpass industry standards and existing benchmarks.  

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
With our competitiveness in HVAC and information display, we are creating 
growth momentum in the B2B market and focusing on additional revenue 
sources like AMC that can generate high margins.  
 
LGE India  will be exploring new destinations to export premium range of 
products for broader markets from the third factory that will be built in Sri City.  
 
Localization rose to 55.8% in Q2 FY '26, thanks to in-house side-by-side and 
compressor production. Under the Make in India initiative, we are committed 
to drive our localization further. We are confident that this momentum will fuel 
the next phase of sustainable, profitable growth. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: My second question is on LG Essential series, which you just spoke about. So, 
what is the rollout plan here, market response so far, and the price positioning 
of these products, if you can share? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
So, this question will be addressed by our CSO, Mr. Sanjay Chitkara. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, our Essential series is built on an insight which we have taken from 1,200 
households in India, and we interviewed them to understand their daily realities 
and what are their expectations from our product. And during our survey, we 
found more than the affordability of the product, their needs are totally 
different. They want more energy-efficient products. There is a challenge for 
low water pressure for the washing machine, and for refrigerator, they do not 
want to defrost the refrigerator.  
 
So, we introduced a few SKUs during last month, during Diwali month. So, 
currently, we have introduced 8 kg top loader and 225 liters of refrigerator, and 
balance two models we will launch during this year. We will soon be launching 
a 0.9 ton RAC and a microwave with air fryer kit also, since it is a placement 
and we are getting a good response to our dealer network. 
Sanjeev Kumar Singh: Anything on price positioning, sir? That is the last question from my side. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, these prices, we have very aggressively priced these products, and we have 
given a very compelling reason to entry-level customers to upgrade their first 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
purchase so that we exceed their expectation from this product, and we should 
be their first choice while their next premium upgrade.  
 
Regarding price, these prices are in the lower than INR 20,000 prices. The 
washing machine is priced roughly around INR 16,000, between INR 16,000 
to INR 18,000, and refrigerator also in the range of INR 20,000. These products 
are available in the market, and we are getting a very good response from 
customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Two questions. What is LG Electronics India's current export status and future 
strategy? And what was exports as % of net sales in this H1 FY '26 also? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
This question will be addressed by our respected CFO, sir. The second part will 
be from Mr. Atul Khanna. 
Dongmyung Seo: 
Exports to 54 neighboring countries, including Nepal, Bangladesh, the Middle 
East, and Southeast Asia, contribute to 5% to 6% of LGEIL's revenue. With 
our strong manufacturing capabilities and operational excellence, LGEIL has 
emerged as a global production hub for LG.  
 
Under the Global South initiative to expand business in the emerging market, 
LGEIL now stands at the center of LG HQ's export strategy. LGEIL plans to 
identify new export destinations from our third manufacturing facility to 
expand exports of premium products to wider markets.  
 
Internal preparations are underway, including revisions to the production line 
tailored to the expanding export markets. We have commenced the 
construction of RAC and compressor production buildings, and we plan to 
expand the refrigerator and warehouse production facilities next year. 
 
Additionally, the government's ongoing efforts to establish favorable tariff 
agreements with major countries, including the U.S., are expected to serve as 
a positive factor for future environmental improvement.  

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
Atul Khanna: 
So, adding to your second question on first half of Fiscal Year '26, our exports 
contribution, it reached to almost 7%, whereas last year, full year, Fiscal Year 
'25, we were at almost 6%.  
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Second question now. On the Capex side, for the new Sri City plant, can you 
please elaborate and share the timelines, what are the product lines over there, 
fiscal benefits that we would be getting at the plant, and what will be 
advantages in GTM, especially the plant is in South India? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
So, this question will be addressed by our CAO, Mr. Atul Khanna. 
Atul Khanna: 
Thank you for this meaningful question, gentlemen. So, we are driving our 
third factory plant at Sri City with a total investment outlay of INR 5,000 crore 
to be deployed in a phased manner over the next few years, four to five years. 
The new plant is being built to support rising demand, considering low 
penetration, which will increase going forward, rapid urbanization, and rising 
income level as well.  
 
And south India business contribution is almost 38% to 40% in our total 
business and gives us leverage to optimize logistics cost, reduce supply chain 
lead time. As we build on our production capacity, it will help us to expand our 
export horizons under parent's Global South strategy and strengthen our supply 
chain. 
 
The Sri City factory will start operations in a phased manner as we had got a 
government order for fiscal incentives to the tune of 100% capital subsidy to 
be realized in 20 years from the start of production in a phased manner. The 
plant will be built on almost 1 million square meter site under the 99-year lease 
agreement with a roadmap to scale in line with our market demand.  
 
The first product line of operations will be room air conditioners, which will 
be operational by October 2026, followed by aircon compressor line in Quarter 
4 of Fiscal Year '27. Thereafter, washing machine and refrigerator line will 
begin in a phased manner. We will be funding this CapEx from internal 
accruals in a span of four to five years, doubling our capacity as the plant gets 
fully operational by Fiscal Year '29. 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Adding to your question, we continue to invest for our two existing plants as 
well for the automation and modification. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Chirag Muchhala from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Sir, the first question is on the medium to long-term outlook of three to five 
years. So, what is the rate of revenue growth and the margin expansion that we 
are planning or we believe we can deliver? And what are the key levers for 
that? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
So, this question will be addressed by our CSO, Mr. Sanjay Chitkara. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, if we see, we have been growing with 13.1% CAGR growth, and our 
EBITDA is on double digits. Being a sales leader, we will definitely try to catch 
our previous figures. The major levers for this growth are our new Essential 
series, for which we are expanding the premium product coverage to our mass 
customers.  
 
Also, we are scaling up our B2B business, which is HVAC and information 
display panels. Other than this, we are also creating a revenue stream around  
annual maintenance contract. So, it is not only helping us to create a service 
revenue, but also helping us to retain our loyal customers.  
 
So, with the help of all these initiatives, we will try to surpass our previous 
benchmark. Right now, due to regulatory issue, I cannot give you the forward-
looking numbers, but this is the color for our future growth. Thank you very 
much for this question. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
And the second question is on our B2B business. How much does it contribute 
in our total sales now? And what are the strategies to grow it further? 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
Our B2B business is contributing roughly 6% of our business, and it is majorly 
driven by IT and information display panel and HVAC. Currently, we have 
seen there is a pressure on this segment due to U.S. tariff changes that led to 
the budgetary allocation and key segments like IT and display solution. But 
our win rate is very strong. And we will continue to maintain a healthy pipeline. 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
This is just a timing shift, and there is no structural demand issue for B2B 
business. And we are expecting a momentum to return to the micro conditions 
will stabilize.  
 
Our biggest strength is our B2C reach for our B2B business. Our biggest 
strength is also of having India localized products. Up to 86 inch of information 
display panels we produce within our factory.  
 
About our HVAC also, we have inverter ACs. Very soon, the BEE Star rating 
guideline will come for HVAC business also, and there we will get the 
advantage of inverter transition. So, our B2B growth projections are very 
promising. Our profits are better than B2C, and we will continue this growth 
momentum. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Thank you for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sir, my first question is an extension to the earlier participant and adding some 
of your earlier initial remarks as well. So, LG globally is a very large player in 
data centers, right? So, just wanted to understand how this bodes well for the 
Indian entity, given we have seen a lot of traction in India with respect to data 
centers. So, just some thoughts and numbers that you want to share would be 
very helpful. That is my first question. 
Aditya Bhasin: 
I am Aditya. I will take up this question. So, currently, we do not have a 
concrete plan. We are just planning these projects in the data center. We have 
done a couple of data centers at a very small level, but if we talk about the total 
comfort of this data center, we are still in the projects, and we are exploring 
some new pipelines for that. And we will not be able to comment more in detail 
as of now, but we will definitely share as and when we get new projects, we 
will share it with you. 
Dhruv Jain: 
My second question is on localization. So, you mentioned that localization 
currently is about 56%. So, just wanted to understand at over a three- to four-

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
year timeline, what is the target that you have in terms of localization, and what 
is the potential margin improvement that we can see because of this initiative? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
So, I will address this question to Mr. Sanjay Chitkara. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
Thank you very much for this question. So, our current localization rate is 
around 55.8%, and in the last three fiscal years, we improved it 2% to 3% every 
year. And our target is to continue this 2% to 3% localization further in the 
next coming three to four years, and we want to take it to around 70%. 
Recently, we have done a lot of development for our localization. All glass 
items, resins, and raw materials we are trying to localize.  
 
Our biggest strength is our in-house compressor production. We started our 
local RAC compressors in the Financial Year 2023, and this is the second year 
when we used our internal compressors. Also, previously, we were importing 
the premium products from Korea, like OLED TVs and side-by-side. Last year, 
we started manufacturing premium TVs, like OLED TVs and side-by-side also 
in our Pune factory. 
 
So, we will continue our localization efforts, and this also helps us to mitigate 
the global ups and downs and Forex impacts. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sir, just a clarification on that? So, any margin uptick that we can expect as the 
localization initiative moves forward? What is the sort of margin improvement 
that we can see? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
This question will be addressed to Mr. Atul Khanna ji. 
Atul Khanna: 
So, as we announce our localization, we need to do some investments, number 
one. Number two, definitely there would be impact of every year, there would 
be an FX impact of around 3% to 4%, which we would be adding to our 
margins with a smaller pie as well as sometimes larger pie, as we did an aircon 
compressor localization, which was our biggest contributor to the air 
conditioners business.  
 
We have a plan, and there are other plans, like we are doing some other air 
conditioner remotes as well as increasing our panel modules localization for 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
our other currently, we are doing ultra HD. We are moving it from full HD TV 
panel modules also through local sourcing. A lot of sub-assemblies we are 
manufacturing. And there are impact of duties. There is logistics cost, which 
we will add on to our margins as well as the FX inflation. So, that would be 
adding.  
 
Currently, we cannot call it exactly the number, how much percentage it will 
add, but it depends upon various product categories with respect to different 
sub-assemblies as well as local components. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sir, my third question is a number that if you could give out. So, you mentioned 
initially that there have been some channel support schemes that have been 
given. So, if you could just call out what is the quantum of that? And in the 
third quarter, how much of a drop that has seen? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
This question will also be addressed to Mr. Khanna. 
Atul Khanna: 
So, gentlemen, the consumer promotion schemes, which we normally offer to 
the trade, are sometimes we need to see the market dynamics, and we cannot 
share with you exactly the number on that part, but we normally adjust those 
temporary supports, which we give to the trade partners as well to give the 
boost in the momentum in the market and win the trust of partners as well as 
keep the momentum high for consumers. But we normally adjust these 
promotion schemes depending upon business scenario and other business 
impacts. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
My first question is around revenue growth. There was definitely a lot of noise 
in the Q2 numbers. If you could share what was the GST-led impact. Also, 
would like to know what is your confidence in driving the business returning 
to this double-digit growth pace in the second half of the year?  
 
You have talked about initiatives on Essential range launched. There is also 
going to be rating changes for air conditioners starting January. And also, if 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
you could accompany this with some color on on-ground demand and 
inventory levels across your key product segments. 
Aditya Bhasin: 
Both these questions will be addressed by Mr. Sanjay Chitkara. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, thank you for asking this question. See, as my colleagues mentioned about 
the challenging market conditions, our industry faced a cool summer, 
geopolitical tension, tariff escalation. And the biggest challenge which we 
faced for Q2 is the GST cut was announced on 15th of August, but 
implemented on 22nd of September, which led to the deferment of the 
purchases by our partners and customers, and that put a temporary pause to 
complete buying.  
 
But let me tell you, we covered within 1.5 months the three-month sale, and 
we grew in Q2. Against INR 61.14 billion of last year, we registered INR 61.47 
billion. And we also produced an EBITDA of 8.9%, which is industry-leading.  
 
Apart from this, we also improved. Instead of focusing on short-term 
challenges, we improved our market share. Our market share improvement for 
refrigerator case was 1%, and TV case 1.4%, and air conditioner, our market 
share improvement was 0.5%.  
 
Our brand strength is at its peak. During September month market share report, 
we created ever-time highest gap with number two brand. Our TV gap in 
September was 6.7% as compared to number two player. On YTD basis, it was 
4.3%.  
 
For side-by-side, we created almost a 13% gap with number two player, and 
for refrigerator, almost a 6% gap.  
 
We were number two player for air conditioners for overall air conditioning 
category, but we were number one player for inverter AC. But this year, we are 
number one player for overall as well as the inverter ACs. It shows, and this 
performance clearly demonstrates the underlying strength of our brand, our 
diversified portfolio, and resilience of our business model. 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Latika Chopra: 
Mr. Chitkara, I was just trying to gauge whether some of these GST challenges 
are now behind us and the confidence that we go back to those double-digit 
CAGRs that you have registered in the past. So, that was the intent to just check 
and in case it is possible for you to call out any of these one-off impacts in 
terms of quantifying.  
 
The second piece that broadly I was just trying to understand was when we 
look at your margin trends, you have delivered in the first half EBITDA 
margins of 10.8%. Clearly, it is industry-leading and good in the context of 
challenging environment. But this compares, again, a 13% margin that you 
have delivered in FY '25. 
 
Just trying to understand, given all the kind of investments that we are going 
to see over the coming quarters, coming months in terms of new category 
interventions, localization, export, B2B, how confident are you to or what is 
the feasible margin outlook range in your view over the medium term for the 
business? And that is all from my side. 
Aditya Bhasin: 
So, this question will also be addressed to Mr. Sanjay. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, Latika, that toughest  phase of transition of GST is now behind us. GST 
has been fully implemented. Partners' inventories are getting normalized, and 
new star rating norms will be effective from next year. So, this additional cost 
of energy-efficient products has been already absorbed by GST benefit. So, it 
will not be passed to our customer. Our Essential series is also expanding the 
access to the value segments while premium products are also growing.  
 
Talking about margin, margins are a function of revenue and input cost. So, 
recently, we have taken a price increase, as I mentioned, 1.5% to 2% for 
washing machine and refrigerator case. We have also rationalized the 
promotional intensity which we introduced during the festival time, and our 
ongoing localization will also support us for our margin case.  
 
Regarding company’s growth, see, our fundamentals are very, very strong. Our 
market shares are increasing. Our demand pipelines are very healthy. 
Inventories are getting normalized, and brand strength is at its peak, as I 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
mentioned. So, very soon, we will try to catch our previous sale growth and 
margins. That is the maximum I can explain to you right now at this point.  
Latika Chopra: 
This is super helpful. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
My first question is related to the market share gain in your key product 
categories. In some of the categories where you already hold some very high 
or a leadership position, where do you see further scope for a market share 
gain, or do you believe this somewhere it is saturated? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
So, this question will be addressed to Mr. Sanjay Chitkara. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, I am a sales leader for LG Electronics, and it is my day-and-night endeavor 
to improve the market share of the company. So, there is no limit. If you see, 
our OLED market shares are touching 62%, and that is the market share we 
will benchmark for other products also.  
 
If I talk about our microwave market share, it is 45.4%. See, just half of the 
market is with LG Electronics. Washing machine also, 33.4%. The gap with 
the number two player is around 16%. So, we will definitely like to catch the 
market share of these products.  
 
One very important thing we need to understand, when the market share comes 
for the premium product, LG's market shares are very, very high, and it is in 
the range of 40%. And volume zone also, we are market leader, but relatively 
less. 
 
India is moving towards premiumization, and LG is moving very fast towards 
premiumization. And when our premium product portion will improve, our 
overall market share will improve, our profit will improve. This is the whole 
summary of my submission.  
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for that, sir. Next question is related to what you had mentioned 
about the refrigerator and washing machine. You had taken a 1.5% to 2% of 

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
price hike. Is that a price hike in the Q2 and absorbed already in the market, or 
yet to? 
Aditya Bhasin: 
This question will be addressed to Mr. Sanjay. 
Sanjay Chitkara: 
So, this price increase we have done in the month of October, which is Q3. 
That price increase was not in Q2. And with the initial consensus with partner, 
which obviously takes time, a week or 10 days, now the selling has already 
started at the new prices, and these prices are getting settled. See, during Diwali 
time, we always do very aggressive promotion, but post-Diwali, we rationalize 
our promotional intensity. It is a yearly affair, and it is nothing new for us. We 
handled such situation in the past very successfully, and this time also, we 
handled this activity very successfully. Being a market leader, other brands 
also benchmark us. When we take such efforts, they also benchmark us. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you for that. The next question is some numbers if you can share 
product-level revenue, if you can share, and the CapEx for '26 and '27. 
Aditya Bhasin: 
This question will be addressed to Mr. Atul Khanna. 
Atul Khanna: 
So, gentlemen, as you have asked for the product-wise revenue, though we 
have given the segment-wise revenue already in the stock exchange as well as 
in the newsprint also, we cannot share exactly the product-wise revenue like 
refrigerator, washing machine because it is competitive sensitive information.  
 
Coming to your second question regarding CapEx, we normally do CapEx 
investment in the range of 2% to 2.5% of our total revenue yearly, and we 
would be continuing for our existing two plants, as I said in my previous 
answer about the CapEx.  
 
Secondly, the meaningful investment would be coming in for our third factory, 
which would be in totality INR 5,000 crore within a span of four to five years. 
The construction has already started, so we would be doing a phased manner 
investment. Almost, you can say, I will tell you around INR 1,000 to INR 1,200 
crore per year.  

 
LG Electronics India Limited 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
In the first year, it would be Fiscal Year '26 would be a little larger, whereas 
the capitalization will happen in Fiscal Year '27 because our first line of 
operation will start from October '26, and the second line of aircon compressor 
will start in Fiscal Year '27 only by March 2027.  
 
By that way, we are confident we are on the right track in doing our 
manufacturing of our construction of our plant in the Sri City. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for 
today. I now hand over the call to Mr. Aditya Bhasin for closing remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Aditya Bhasin: 
Well, in the interest of time, we are closing our call, but you are always 
welcome to give me a call since you all have many questions, and I am waiting 
for that. With this, we end our call today, and on behalf of LG Electronics India 
Limited, we thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your calls. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Have a great day. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer:  There are certain minor grammatical errors appears in Audio inadvertently which have been corrected in the Audio 
transcript. 
