 
 
 
 
 
KRISHIVAL FOODS LIMITED  
CIN No. L74120MH2014PLC254748    
Registered Office: 1309, Lodha Supremus Saki Vihar road, opp. MTNL Office, Powai, Mumbai-400072. 
 Tel no.: 8779558264, Website: www.krishival.com, Email: cs@krishival.com 
 
 
 
November 20, 2025 
 
 To, 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Q2 FY26 Earnings call  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Clause 15 (b)(i) of Schedule III, Part A, Para A read with Regulation 30 (2), Regulation 30 (6), 
Regulation 46(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are 
hereby submitting transcript of the Q2 FY26 Earnings call which is available on the website of the 
company. 
 
The same is also uploaded on the website of the Company at: https://krishival.com/pages/investors-desk 
 
You are requested to take note of the same.  
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Krishival Foods Limited 
 
 
Rahul Gawande 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: KRISHIVAL 
BSE Limited 
P 
J Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544416 
RAHUL 
SURESH 
GAWANDE
Digitally signed by 
RAHUL SURESH 
GAWANDE 
Date: 2025.11.20 
17:12:28 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Krishival Foods Limited Q2 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUJIT BANGAR - CHAIRMAN, KRISHIVAL FOODS 
LIMITED 
MR. NANA MHASKE - CEO (NUTS DIVISION), 
KRISHIVAL FOODS LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK PURANIK - CEO (ICE CREAM DIVISION 
AND MELT N MELLOW DIVISION), KRISHIVAL FOODS 
LIMITED 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Krishival Foods Limited Q2 FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Wamika Arora from Adfactors PR. Thank you and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Wamika Arora: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. We welcome you all to the Q2 & H1 FY'26 earnings 
conference call of Krishival Foods Limited. We have with us today Mr. Sujit Bangar, Chairman, 
Krishival Foods Limited. 
Before we get started, I would like to point out that some statements made or discussed on today's 
call may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with risks and 
uncertainties that we face. The Company does not undertake to update these forward-looking 
statements publicly. 
Now, I request Mr. Sujit sir to take us through the opening remarks and then we can begin with 
the Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Thank you, Wamika. Good evening, everybody. Welcome to Krishival Foods earning call for 
Q2 FY'26. It is my pleasure to welcome you all for this earning call. 
Since our incorporation in 2014, we have built a robust business model specializing in premium 
nuts, dry fruits and ice cream. These are the two high-potential categories under one integrated 
platform. We operate with two distinct brands, Krishival Nuts for dry fruits, nuts and related 
products, and Melt N Mellow for ice cream and milk product and the related product. These are 
the two major brands with which Krishival Foods runs its business in food products. This dual 
brand structure diversifies our portfolio, leverages shared infrastructure, and allows us to serve 
consumers across both indulgence and nutritional segment. Nuts, dry fruits are from the 
nutritional segment as we have seen post-COVID. These things have got much traction and 
acceptability. Melt N Mellow is ice cream brand which is known for its unique flavor and for its 
strong retail food brand and it fits into the indulgence category. 
In a sense, these two brands and these two categories de-risk the business and position us for 
scalable sustainable growth. Now, why are we going so fast? If you see last three financial year, 
the growth trajectory of the Company, the question comes into mind why we are growing so 
fast. Part of the answer lies in the strong tailwinds in our industry. India's FMCG market is 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
projected to grow from about USD 236 billion in 2024 to nearly USD 778 billion in 2030, an 
almost threefold expansion. Within this, our focus categories are particularly promising. 
Consumers are increasingly moving towards premium and aspirational food brands, seeking 
higher quality and novel flavors. I usually say that India is a brand-star country. If you travel to 
the Tier-2, Tier-3 towns and rural places, you will find that people are aspiring for good products 
and ready to do experimentations and this is the tailwind which I am speaking. 
The ice cream market is also expected to quadruple in value by 2032 from USD 228 billion in 
2023 to nearly USD 956 billion, reflecting around 17% annual growth. Likewise, global demand 
for high quality nuts and dairy products continues to rise and simultaneously creating new export 
opportunities. In short, favorable demographics, rising income, and evolving consumer 
preferences are perfectly aligned with the Krishival strategy and both the products of the 
Krishival are positioned in this line. 
Krishival Foods is strategically positioned to capitalize on these trends, and we are expanding 
deeply into underserved Tier-2, Tier-3 and Tier-4 cities where aspirational consumption is rising 
fastest while also catering to urban consumers through modern trade, e-commerce, and quick 
commerce channels. Tier 2, Tier-3, Tier-4 towns is the real growth engine of India because of 
domestic remittances which are coming to these small towns from those who are working in 
Bangalore, Pune, Hyderabad. These domestic remittances are coming to these towns. Also post 
COVID, the work from home has been accepted as a mode of work and therefore the 
participation of married women workforce in services industry via work from home mode has 
increased and that has also started increasing disposable income in Tier-3 and Tier-4 towns 
mostly and all these factors are adding to the purchasing power of consumers in these Tier-2, 
Tier-3, Tier-4 towns. Our dual brand strategy gives us wide range. Krishival Nuts addresses the 
health, nutrition, and snacking segment while Melt N Mellow caters to intelligence and youthful 
lifestyle. 
This synergy enables operational efficiencies, cross promotions, and brand strength across 
diverse consumer groups. Now I will move to operations overview. In our nuts and dry food 
segment, we have built a world class infrastructure of processing to ensure quality and scale. 
Over the last more than one decade, our primary nut processing facility which has been built and 
spans over 50,000 square foot and produces 10 metric ton finished kernel, finished nuts output 
per day.  
We are expanding this facility with new two lakh square foot facility coming up on Company's 
own five acre land parcel just adjacent to the existing plant which will add 30 metric ton per day 
capacity in two phases and this will lead to total capacity increase 40 metric ton per day. This 
will happen over the period of next two years. 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
We directly procure raw nuts from nine countries, diversifying, sourcing, mitigating price 
volatility, also this ensures us to maintain consistency in quality. This sound global procurement 
network ensures stability, consistency, and cost efficiency allowing us to deliver premium 
quality at competitive prices. 
Our ISO certified vertically integrated processes maintain stringent quality control from 
procurement to packing ensuring that whether a consumer buys Krishival nuts in Mumbai or in 
Singapore, the quality remains the same and this is the key to Krishival's product identity. 
In the ice cream segment, we have ensured a state-of-art plant facility in Chhatrapati Sambhaji 
Nagar, erstwhile Aurangabad and it is designed for scale and innovation. The plant ice cream 
manufacturing plant of Melt N Mellow at Chhatrapati Sambhaji Nagar has capacity of one lakh 
litre ice cream per day. The automated plant produces over 140 different SKUs supported by in-
house R&D center that drives seasonal innovations and regionally inspired variants. 
Our integrated cold chain ensures freshness and quality from factory to retail freezers 
maintaining the signature Melt N Mellow taste at every stage. 
I will speak something about the distribution and reach for both nuts segment and ice cream 
segment. As far as nuts and ice cream are concerned, we have built a strong omnichannel 
presence. In nuts and dry fruits, these products are available in 10,000 plus retail outlets across 
100 plus Tier-2, Tier-3 and Tier-4 towns and places. And are stocked at premium modern store 
retail chains like Nature's Basket, Bombay Gourmet Stores, Society Stores, Food Square, etc. 
Also, these products are available on e-commerce platforms. 
Meanwhile, in Melt N Mellow ice cream, products are available through 25,000 retail touch 
points and these are supported by 200 plus distributors and 25 plus super stockists across 
Maharashtra, Karnataka, Goa and Telangana. This distribution backbone ensures we reach 
consumers across both traditional and modern platforms. We have also launched flagship 
Krishival Nuts stores in high footfall locations such as Goa, Alibag, Dapoli. These outlets act as 
experience centers for the brand and also these outlets allow us to study the consumer behavior. 
Beyond physical retail, our products are available on Amazon, Flipkart, Blinkit, Zepto. These e-
commerce and quick commerce platforms across the country and throughout all metros. 
As far as export is concerned, Krishival Nuts and Dry Fruits are available in Singapore and over 
300 retail outlets Krishival Nuts products have reached in Singapore. This marks the beginning 
of our global export journey. 
Now, regarding the competitive strength, I will mention four biggest competitive strengths of 
Krishival’s and which we focus upon and which we nurture upon. The integrated value chain, 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
the vertical integration from sourcing the good quality nuts, also ensuring the sound supply 
chain, so that assured supply is ensured. Ensuring the processing of all the products happens in-
house so that the quality and finishing is ensured and the distribution in such a way that the 
distribution chain gets reduced and the product reaches the consumer in a fastest possible way 
from factory to the consumer's kitchen table. 
Regarding the second strength which I consider, which we consider as important is the dual 
brand strategy. So, Krishival nut stands for purity and nutrition while Melt N Mellow represents 
fun and intelligence. Together they offer a strong aspirational FMCG portfolio of more than 200 
SKUs catering to varied consumer preferences. Third is a premiumization with affordable 
pricing and positioning accordingly. So, we combine premiumization of the product in both the 
segments but at the same time ensuring the price point at a competitive way. So, premiumization 
with affordability becomes one of our biggest strengths. And fourth is early more advantage. We 
call it the early more advantage because the Tier-2, Tier-3, Tier-4 markets are exploding and we 
have been focusing those markets for last many years. So, the compounding effect will get over 
those territories. These strategic strengths create a scalable, efficient, and future ready business 
foundation. 
Now, just we have declared results for Quarter 2 ending 30th September and half year ending 
30th September. So, we will speak something about that. 
In quarter 2 of FY'26, Krishival Foods delivered a strong momentum. The revenue stood at Rs. 
66.67 crore up 50% year-on-year driven by sustained growth across both business segments. 
EBITDA improved to Rs. 9.65 crore which is 26% up reflecting operating leverage as we scale. 
And PAT rose to Rs. 5.8 crore which is 17% up while EPS increased to 2.6 up from 2.2 in Q2 
FY'25. We combined high growth with expanding margins and demonstrating that our growth 
is both profitable and sustainable. Breaking it down, the Krishival Nuts segment contributed Rs. 
53 crore in revenue which is 20% up year-on-year led by wider distribution, new product 
launches, and strong festive demand. EBITDA also improved due to higher volumes and 
disciplined cost control. Meanwhile, Melt N Mellow contributed Rs. 13.62 crore in Quarter 2 of 
FY'25 underscoring the success of brand building and network expansion effect. 
Looking at the first half of FY'26, performance remains equally strong. Total income stood at 
Rs. 120.71 crore up 60% year-on-year while PAT grew 23% to Rs. 10.20 crore. Segment wise, 
Krishival Nuts delivered Rs. 86.94 crore and Melt N Mellow delivered Rs. 29.24 crore. Both 
these categories demonstrated healthy growth and improving profitability. Our dual brand 
strategy and efficient execution continue to drive consistent profitable growth. As we enter the 
second half of current financial year, we remain confident of sustaining this momentum through 
deeper market penetration, product innovation, and operational excellence. Importantly, our 
business model provides balance and resilience. The nuts division ensures stable year-around 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
cash flow while ice cream business adds seasonal fix and rapid growth. Together they create a 
strong diversified growth engine. We will talk about the outlook and how we look at capturing 
the making taste of the tailwind which I spoke in the start of the speech. 
Looking ahead, we are at the inflection point where past investments in capacity and distribution 
will start yielding greater return. Our upcoming integrated 2 lakh square foot facility at Halkarni 
MIDC will significantly enhance processing efficiency and capacity for nuts, dry fruits, and 
allied products. Meanwhile, our ice cream plant has a capacity of 1 lakh litres per day and we 
are on track to reach full utilization of this plant within three financial years including current 
financial year. Over the next two years, we plan to quadruple our nuts processing capacity, 
deepen our retail reach beyond 200 plus towns, strengthen e-commerce quick commerce 
channels, and also scale our export footprints to other territories. Our growth strategy is built on 
three pillars, capacity, distribution, innovation, expanding what we produce, where we sell, and 
what we offer. We envision a strong growth runway ahead with a clear roadmap to achieve 
triple-digit revenue growth by FY'27-'28. Achieving this milestone would make Krishival one 
of the few homegrown FMCG companies to reach these milestones just over a period of decade 
from inception. We are very confident of going on this path and reaching these levels. Our 
Company remains young, agile, and ambitious, competing successfully with much larger 
incumbents through innovation, quality, and consumer trust. 
To all the investors and analysts joining today, I express these thanks for your continued support, 
and I will hand it over to Wamika if there is any question so we can take it going ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Sneha Dhuri from Augmenta Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Sneha Dhuri: 
Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations on the good set of numbers. My question 
was regarding the growth trajectories of our business which is into two parts nuts and ice cream. 
So, how do you see the growth in these two businesses complementing each other? 
Sujit Bangar: 
So, thank you for the question. See as I said earlier, the nuts, dry fruits, and ice cream both are 
part of discretionary consumption category. In Krishival Foods, we are focused and we are on 
the path of creating a good FMCG setup and good FMCG product portfolio in a discretionary 
consumption segment which is going to be a story in next 3 to 5 years or 5 to 7 years as per 
capita income of India moves from $3,000 to $5,000. Nuts and dry fruits is aspirational. In post-
COVID, the acceptance for the nutritional products has increased and we are seeing that in the 
growth we are witnessing in the nuts and dry fruit segment. And similarly, in the ice cream also, 
it comes under a purely aspirational product, and the consumption of the ice cream is increasing 
in the double digit as I have mentioned earlier in the today's speech. As you see, we are focusing 
on both the segments with the strategy of covering complete value chain. Like in nuts and dry 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
fruit, we are focusing on controlling the supply chain completely to ensure consistent supply of 
quality nuts. Also, to ensure there is no any mismatch in quantity of supply. So, quantity and 
quality both can be maintained and that is our first primary goal in managing sound supply chain. 
And also, processing of all products in-house in our factory to ensure the quality of the nuts, 
quality of the flavoring, which is made, quality of the finished value products which we create 
from nuts and dry fruits are at the desired level. So, these quality products to make them available 
to the consumer in a Tier-3, Tier-4 towns through our geographical network of the distributors 
and through leveraging the quick commerce platform like the Zepto and Blinkit. So, these 
strategies of covering complete value chain, we are focusing on nuts and dry fruit segment and 
as it is to cater to the new demand, we are continuously investing in the expansion. As I 
mentioned, we are developing two lakh square foot plant and expanding capacity from 10 metric 
ton per day existing to 40 metric ton per day capacity over the period of next three financial 
years, coming financial years. In ice cream also, same the tailwind which I expressed in the 
initial start of the speech is giving us confidence to going forward investing more and in 
expanding the market. So, as you see in ice cream, we are present in Maharashtra, Hyderabad 
region of Telangana, North Karnataka and Goa. So, we are now expanding the next two years to 
complete cover all these states like cover 100% of Maharashtra, 100% of Telangana, 100% of 
Karnataka and simultaneously ensure 100% capacity utilization of the existing Chhatrapati 
Sambhaji Nagar plant which has capacity of one lakh liter ice cream production per day. So, 
these two things will complement each other in a way to answer last point of your question that 
as I said there are certain seasonal peaks in ice cream like in Q4 and Q1 will be the biggest in 
ice cream and in nuts there will be consistent cash flow but when the Q1 of nuts will be little on 
lesser side but Q1 for ice cream will be on higher side. So, both will complement each other 
going forward. Also we can leverage the distribution network of each segment to the other that 
is also very important and a big strength which we can merge going forward. 
Sneha Dhuri: 
Okay, understood. My second question was in the line of the recent GST reduction on nuts, dry 
fruits and ice cream to 5%. How do you expect this to impact our consumer demand and rising 
in our competitor position? 
Sujit Bangar: 
See, the recent decision of reduction of GST rate to 5% was a very welcome move and Krishival 
Foods has been one of the major beneficiaries of that. In the nuts segment for major majority of 
nuts like pistachios, almond, flavored nuts the rates were 12% those have been brought to 5%. 
In the ice cream the rates were 18% those have been brought to 5%. So, obviously customers 
are getting the same product at a lesser cost and we have ensured across both the segment to pass 
on the benefit 100% to the customer. So, 100% rate reduction benefit we have already passed 
on to the customer. So, customers are benefiting with the same product with a lesser cost. So, 
another important thing which is happening is that obviously as products prices are relatively 
reduced the demand will pick up. But more important change which we will see and especially 
in ice cream segment is that more organized play will set in. So, each region if you see has small 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
local brands of ice cream for one district couple of cities has its own brand like that many 
unorganized players have been there and the sustenance of this unorganized market was because 
of higher GST rate of 18%. Now at the GST rate has come to 5% the organized players will have 
a larger opportunity to grow the market. So, next couple of years will be a very crucial period 
for Melt N Mellow to expand the market and expand the capacity and the GST rate cut is a very 
important tailwind is a very important force multiplier for expansion of the ice cream segment 
that's what I think. 
Sneha Dhuri: 
Okay well thank you. Thank you very much. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Amit Kumar Jograj Jain from Caprofin 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Amit Jain: 
Congratulations, Sujit for excellent set of number again. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Thank you. 
Amit Jain: 
I just wanted to understand on your policy for exports you have reached Singapore about 300 
touch points so what are the revenue you are generating from the Singapore itself and how do 
you see to expand this business into other countries? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Thank you Amitji. So, regarding the export we are focused completely on Singapore and in 
Singapore we have had a good expansion in the retail reach over there. So, almost current 
financial year we expect almost more than 1 million Singapore dollar as a revenue from export 
over there and which will next couple of years we are we are thinking of increasing it for almost 
five fold. Regarding the expanding export to other territories we will be focusing on Japan. We 
are working on the on Japan, making our product available in Japan and also we are waiting for 
dust to settle for US tariffs because just in current financial year in the month of April we did 
one pilot consignment of 5,000 US dollar to USA and that got it was just a experimentation basis 
consignment we had sent and got good response and even generated good demand. We are 
waiting for some rate clarity to come fortunately today only some good news is coming on 
certain food products rates have been brought to the earlier level so once US rate this confusion 
settles then we are very confident on going full throttle in USA. So, USA and Japan these two 
markets will concentrate going forward. 
Amit Jain: 
Okay my second question is that you about you generated about 25% of your revenue from ice 
cream segment. Your plant has just started recently so how do you see the expansion going 
forward and what will be suppose in the next one year for this as compared to total revenue? 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Sujit Bangar: 
Pardon can you please repeat the last part of your question, Amit? 
Amit Jain: 
So, I am asking you that ice cream is already generating 25 percent of revenue so how this 
proportion is expected to change going forward what would be a good trajectory for ice cream 
and what is the current capacity utilization in ice cream? 
Sujit Bangar: 
See, in ice cream current capacity of the plant is one lakh liter per day production of the ice 
cream and current capacity utilization is almost 25% we can say current, first half of the financial 
year and this ice cream segment we expect to reach to the 100% capacity utilization in a two 
financial years means FY'26-'27 and '27-'28. By March '28 we will be 100% utilization of the 
ice cream segment. Now in ice cream segment while utilizing 100% of the capacity at one level, 
at marketing level we will be focusing on same geographies like Karnataka, Telangana and 
Maharashtra and we will cover the 100% of these territories to some extent we will go to the 
Andhra and as far as finance is concerned working capital and deep reserve finance these things 
will be required and we are working on those strategies to secure the finances for this growth so 
that the 100% utilization of the ice cream capacity is achieved in next two years, we are very 
confident to do that. 
Amit Jain: 
Okay and what are the margins in operating margins in ice cream as well as in the cashew 
business nuts business? 
Sujit Bangar: 
If you see as of now last financial year and first half of current financial year at PAT level there 
is a 100% contribution, almost 95% it PAT is coming from nut segment, right? Till this first 
half. Current financial year also we feel almost 90% for the 12 month of current financial year 
90% of the PAT will come from the nuts segment. We are confident that ice cream will start 
contributing to PAT from next financial year and for the third financial year 2027-28 the 
contribution of topline and bottom-line will match to nuts and ice cream segment. 
Amit Jain: 
Okay and since we have discussed about Singapore how is the margin differential between 
Singapore and in India but how much extra margin you generate by exporting to Singapore, and 
the EBITDA margin? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Singapore export gives us almost 5% extra margin. India the margins which we are getting is a 
pretty good margin, India. And Singapore adds 5% to that margin. But in Singapore there is a 
room for expanding this margin, we can take it to 10% to 15%, but initially we are sticking to 
5% margin but expanding the product portfolio and expanding the reach. 
Amit Jain: 
Okay 5% excess margin, right? 
Sujit Bangar: 
5% extra, same product, if we would have got Rs. 100 margin in India it will be Rs. 105 if we 
send to Singapore, 5% extra. 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Amit Jain: 
Okay and any update on the right issue? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Yes, so right issue we are contemplating and in the month of December we are thinking of 
applying to in principle application to exchanges. 
Amit Jain: 
Okay sir, thanks a lot. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I am very new to the Company. I was just reading the presentation but firstly sir any reason for 
the promoter stake being at 37%? So, why is the promoter stakes so low sub 50? 
Sujit Bangar: 
So, namaskar Saket ji. Thank you for participating in the call. Promoter stake is at 37%. The 
reason is simple as we grow the Company initially so as in the growing company equity getting 
debt for the financing had certain limits, so in that process the proportion of promoter equity has 
reduced but going forward we are working on maintaining the same like in rights issue also 
promoters will participate to maintain their these shareholdings, so shareholding of promoter 
will be maintained at this level or it will increase but it will not go down further. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir can you address me with the contours of the right issue what are we planning to raise 
and at what valuation? 
Sujit Bangar: 
So, those things I think we can make public once we file in principle application. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay we have not done, I was not aware. We are in principle to raise equity via rights issue but 
not finalize the term. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Yes exactly we have we have informed exchanges that we are in, we are raising funds through 
rights issue but in principle application is yet to be filed we expect to file it in December. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, when I look at your shareholding pattern also there are only 1,232 shareholders, so I can 
understand from the SME platform you have joined but then a startling point is about this 
Enforcement Directorate Raipur holding 11%, so can you abreast us and what is the reason for 
this shareholding in the authority name? 
Sujit Bangar: 
So, this is our shareholder which were their existing shareholder, some FII funds it was the 
holding with certain FII funds and those FII funds have been secured by Enforcement 
Directorate. Company has nothing to do with that. And regarding your second point of number 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
of shareholder, so when we gone on the main board in the month of June your current calendar 
year June 2025, we gone on a main board of BSE and NSE that time 500 plus shareholders were 
there and as consistently number of shareholders is increasing now it is I think 1,250 or 
something as you said yes almost 1,300 or something, so consistently shareholder participation 
is increasing.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir two questions on the operational front firstly on the ice cream part, so sir this is all milk based 
or vegetable oil what is the base on which the ice cream is being prepared?  
Sujit Bangar: 
Melt N Mellow ice creams are completely milk based real milk ice cream no vegetable oil. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No vegetable oil and we have the sourcing arrangement with the local farmer in the vicinity 
where we operate? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Yes, we have sourcing arrangement properly secured, so sourcing is not an issue. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir can you update on the on the cost of milk particularly for that I think so last was when 
is a plus season for the same and how have the cost for milk being, sir? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Cost of the milk varies as per the season like in a winter the milk production is more, in the 
summer milk production is less in, so monsoon also there is some, whether it is in milk 
production accordingly the prices of milk gets fluctuated. But as far as our pricing of milk is 
concerned, we always work on working on maintaining an optimum level of milk price, so that 
arrangement has been done at the factory level so that consistent supply of milk is ensured also 
at a competitive price. So, that's what scale gives that strength. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay so quantity is assured, prices fluctuate, that is what the understanding is? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Prices fluctuates but if we have, if one has a assured supply line, right, supplier arrangements 
then you can have if market rate is 100 you can get it at 100 minus x that is possible so that 
leverage comes for the if you have consistent procurement and procurement at scale so that we 
are leveraging. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And lastly sir on the nuts segment that dry food segment, here sir it is totally the trading business 
and how do we add, how do we make this product when margins and is it only a trading one or 
value addition if you would just light us how does we operate in this segment for the nuts and 
dry food segment? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Nuts is not a trading business, so in nuts all the nuts we procure raw nuts, we process those raw 
nuts, we do in-house flavoring and value additions and on that basis those are sold. So, in the 
nuts and also the nuts if you see the Krishival products the consistency of the quality gives the 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
premium in the pricing. So, in the Krishival products because of consistency of the quality we 
always claim the premium and that adds to the margin and also at the same time we have very 
sound supply chain arrangement. So, the strength of supply chain gives assured supply in 
quantity and also ensures consistency of the quality. So, all these things add to creating a good 
pricing power and which adds to the margins. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And this is all domestic sourcing sir for the nuts and the dry food segment? 
Sujit Bangar: 
No, in nuts almost 90% is import like pistachios from USA, almonds from USA and Australia 
and cashew nuts from West Africa, East Africa, Cambodia like that almost 90% is from import. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And here we do the processing at our unit and then? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Processing we do at our unit, each nut which we sell is processed at our unit. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right it's a very growing segment, hope to have much more details and if I need any follow-up 
I will go through the IR and get in touch. Thank you once again sir and all the best. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Absolutely, you can visit factory also wherever you feel like. Both the factories. Thank you. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahul from DGA. Please go ahead. 
Rahul: 
Namaste, Sujitji. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Namaste, Rahulji. 
Rahul: 
Yes sir, my question is what is the foresightness related to the turnover in the financial year '27-
'28 where if it is bifurcated into nuts and Melt N Mellow division? 
Sujit Bangar: 
So, Rahulji you are asking about '27-'28 right? 
Rahul: 
Yes sir. 
Sujit Bangar: 
So, as I said in the speech in financial year '27-'28 we aspire to reach triple digit revenue, right, 
and in that the proportion will be almost 50%-50% or 45%-55%. So, 55% at one level, 55% nuts, 
45% ice cream or 50% nuts 50% ice cream. So, almost at almost equal level both the proportion 
will be there in '27-'28. 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Rahul: 
I understood sir and what will be the expected margins operative margins from Melt N Mellow 
division? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Melt and mellow division at PAT level it is not contributing at anything but as of now because 
it is in growth segment but EBITDA level it is quite positive. As far as profitability, if you are 
talking about 27-28 the when the ice cream business comes to its full potential. So, we expect 
we expect profitability of ice cream segment would be more than nut segment. As of now the 
complete PAT contribution is coming from nut segment but ice cream segment PAT contribution 
will start coming from next financial year and March’28 the ice cream segment PAT contribution 
will be much more maybe in double digit. 
Rahul: 
Okay, currently what are the Company plans to scale up the selling of Melt N Mellow and how 
what in what particular platforms and what are the planning in way it will be distribution will be 
scaled up? 
Sujit Bangar: 
In Melt N Mellow company, we at company at Melt N Mellow we are aspiring to cover complete 
Maharashtra, Telangana and Karnataka. 
Rahul: 
Sir region wise, I got to know but I am seeking more in detail into which particular platform via 
channels and which kind of audience will be targeted? 
Sujit Bangar: 
So, 90% of the sales we are planning to generate to our distributors to increasing our retail food 
footprints. Okay now 25,000 retailers where the products is reaching for Melt N Mellow. We 
will increase this retail footprint; we have 200 distributors as of now. We will have to increase 
this distributor reach and to answer your questions these 90% of this sale which we expect in 
next by March’28, which we see 100% utilization of 1 lakh liter ice cream that we expect from 
this geographical outreach through distributors. 
Rahul: 
Okay, so are we currently is Melt N Mellow being sold through the online channels? 
Sujit Bangar: 
As of now melt and mellow is not sold through online channel. Krishival Nuts are products dry 
nuts and dry fruits those are sold through Zepco, blinkit, instamart. Ice cream is as of now not 
available on online channels, it will be available by March 2026. 
Rahul: 
Thank you very much, sir and wish you all the best, sir. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Thank you, Rahulji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, our next question is from the line of Jatin Navlani an individual investor please go 
ahead. 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Jatin Navlani: 
My question is that we have written in PPT that 55% of our sales from nuts and seeds is B2B 
and 45% is B2C so all this 45% is coming to e-commerce and quick commerce or is there any 
other way we are selling it?  
Sujit Bangar: 
So, B2C, in B2C we have a very strong network of distributors in Tier-3 Tier-4 times like Betul 
in Madhya Pradesh, Bijapur in Karnataka like Jalgaon, Lasalgaon, Indore so all these Tier-2, 
Tier-3 and Tier-4 towns are the where we have a very good distributor network, almost 100 plus 
towns are there in these states where our products are available and most of the sale is coming 
from that as far as e-commerce, quick commerce are considered almost 5% to 8% sale comes 
from e-commerce and quick commerce. 
Jatin Navlani: 
Are you trying to increase in that e-commerce and quick commerce fast because when I search 
on Amazon like if I search let's say roasted pistachio I don't see Krishival there if I specifically 
search for Krishival pistachio then I get that so are you doing something to increase that e-
commerce and quick commerce fast? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Yes, we are working. We are getting good sale from Mumbai, Bangalore from Zepto and even 
from Blinkit and we are working on that part simultaneously while keeping complete focus on 
profitability so nothing at the cost of profit while maintaining profitability we are expanding to 
commerce and we are confident of one thing as long as we are maintaining the quality and 
consistency in the quality of the product then the demand will keep coming. 
Jatin Navlani: 
Okay sir, my second question is that in H1 we have grown our sales like 60% and PAT has just 
grown like 23%, so are we selling on discount or margin accretive, what has happened? 
Sujit Bangar: 
So, point is that in the H1 this year last year's H1 ice cream was not part in the very less 
contribution was from ice cream so this year ice cream is a part at consolidated level and at the 
level of PAT this year as I said earlier ice cream contribution will start at the PAT level next 
year so scale is increasing but PAT is not increasing in that fashion because of one of the reason 
is ice cream is yet to start contributing to the PAT in a substantial level. 
Jatin Navlani: 
PAT level, are we negative in ice cream sector? 
Sujit Bangar: 
No, it is ice cream at PAT positive and EBITDA is a good EBITDA, good means EBITDA is at 
satisfactory level and it is a PAT positive but the contribution to the PAT is not coming in a 
substantial way in ice cream because it is a growth phase so next year we expect to match ice 
cream to the PAT contribution to the nuts segment in a respectable way and FY'26-'27-'28 the 
PAT contribution will be equal from ice cream and nuts. 
Jatin Navlani: 
Okay, so from next year we can expect getting operating leverage/ 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Sujit Bangar: 
Yes, exactly. 
Jatin Navlani: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Congratulations on a good set of number and best of luck for future.  
Sujit Bangar: 
Thank you, Jatinji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejus Jadhav from Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejus Jadhav: 
 So, sir, any plans for launching new products in the nut segment. May be like value added 
product or something? 
Sujit Bangar: 
So, in that segment, we have launched Kaju Katli four months before and we did its testing in 
pilot sale in Diwali also we got good response. So, in Kaju Katli we are going a full throttle in 
next calendar year along with that certain other products are also in the pipeline but as far as nut 
segment is concerned considered we are focusing on a niche and less products with a quality 
output. So, we will be launching few products and next financial year next calendar year 
complete focus will be on expanding the Kaju Katli across the India. 
Tejus Jadhav: 
Yes and it will be margin accretive this product? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Yes, with this all these things will be add at much more level to the existing margin. 
Tejus Jadhav: 
Okay. All the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul from DGA. Please go ahead. 
Rahul: 
Hello Sujitji. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Yes Rahulji. Please tell. 
Rahul: 
I would like to know that what kind of a USP comes and goes for nuts and ice cream business? 
What makes our product to be more marketable more quality wise or what things or what 
particular way of approach is there of the Company that we do stand out? 
Sujit Bangar: 
See only to give simple answer, the quality of the product. Once you eat nuts of Krishival, once 
you have ice cream of Melt N Mellow there should be recall value because of its quality. Right 
so only that is the core thing which we carry and that's why in ice cream our real strength is a 
taking feedback from our foot soldiers our 200 distributors about the product and continuously 
innovating on that. We have very good R&D and product innovation team at Chhatrapati 
Sambhaji Nagar for Melt N Mellow. In nuts also you just order a couple of products our roasted 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
salted pistachios you order online today and you check other products on that line or you order 
assorted flavored cashew nuts of Krishival and you check out with the other products in the 
market you will get to know the crunchiness, aroma of the Krishival nuts which is there which 
you will not see in any other products. So, as long as we are completely focused on the 
maintaining the quality while generating profit and not compromising on the quality for the sake 
of profit then I will feel that products will be widely accepted there is no limit to the growth. 
Rahul: 
Okay, so sir adding further to it, so is there any kind of a process internally what companies 
adopting or any sets of machinery plant and machinery are utilized which makes the 
enhancement into the quality of the product. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Yes, exactly. The machinery in ice cream, all the state-of-art machineries have been installed in 
the Sambhaji Nagar factory, once if anybody is interested one can see the plant also it's worth 
visiting and therefore the plant and the machinery is key to that but more than that in the ice 
cream, the recipe, how you standardize the ingredient, how you standardize the finishing of the 
ingredient and how you stick to that theory while creating the product, generally developed with 
this product, producing the product at scale, that is very important. So, this we call as we call in 
Hindi, that if there is a difference of 19:20 in that, then there will be a difference in taste of 
30:50, so that's very important in ice cream. In nuts maintaining consistent quality of raw nuts 
is very important and ensuring each and every nut which you are selling is processed and handled 
in your unit is very important because then only you will maintain that aroma. If you take 
pistachio, if you take salted almond, if you take salted roasted or flavored, any nut, the aroma 
and the crunchiness is very important and that has to be maintained by strict standardization 
production processes. Most of the times while scaling up people don't follow that or if you do it 
from job work or vendors it is not followed. So, we ensure strict adherence to these policies and 
that reflects in a quality. 
Rahul: 
Okay sir. And is there is there anything where Company plan to increase the SKUs in the larger 
size packaging of nuts? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Yes, already from Singapore we have a demand about one kg packaging for pistachios almond 
and cashews. So, for Singapore we have increased one kg and half kg packaging we have 
introduced. In India 250 gram and 100 gram packaging is prevalent. 
Rahul: 
Okay and is Company planning to set up any kind of a kiosk or the Company outlet units, such 
kind of things going forward? 
Sujit Bangar: 
Already we have a few stores, like at Calangute beach we have one store, at Candolim beach we 
have one store in Goa, at Dapoli beach we have one store, in Alibag we have one store, these are 
the experiment centers to read the consumers few stores we have opened. But as far as physical 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
retail expansion we don't have any bigger plan. So, we will follow asset light approach for 
distribution so that focus remains on ensuring the production of quality products and distributing 
it through physical distribution or through online distribution but having retail outlets at a scale 
is not in our pipeline. 
Rahul: 
Or any franchisees will increment into the stores pipeline? 
Sujit Bangar: 
No, the franchisee approach is also not in, we are not contemplating on this. In ice cream we 
have certain plans in Melt N Mellow that has also not finalized but in nuts we don't have such 
plan as such. 
Rahul: 
And in ice cream what particular type of a segment audience we are targeting and that is from 
the customer point of view another point of view in terms of healthy lifestyle ice cream, healthy 
ice cream or what any particular way we are targeting in approach based manner? 
Sujit Bangar: 
In ice cream as of now we are completely focused on a indulgence, so when it is indulgence it 
is called taste, right? 
Rahul: 
Correct. 
Sujit Bangar: 
So, we are completely focused on indulgence and as far as category of user is concerned so our 
presence is mostly in in Tier-2, Tier-3 towns. As I said, in Mumbai our presence is in MMR 
outside BMC. In Hyderabad region our presence is in Hyderabad metropolitan region beyond 
the major main Hyderabad. Now slowly we are going inside. Like in Bangalore we have started, 
Bangalore is generating almost a monthly 20 lakh plus sale has started from this last three months 
in Bangalore. So, slowly we are going inside the metros, but as I said mostly as far as customer 
targeting is concerned, we cannot segregate the category because it is that segregation is quite 
difficult, but the product category is indulgence which we can say. 
Rahul: 
Okay sir, okay so it was really nice talking to you. Thank you so much. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have no further questions ladies and gentlemen; I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sujit Bangar for closing comments over to you sir. 
Sujit Bangar: 
Thank you. To all investors, analysts, even the individual certain family office representatives 
who have joined us today, really we express thanks for your presence over this call, your active 
participation and your continued support. With both our legacy and emerging businesses 
performing strongly, Krishival Foods is well positions to deliver sustainable scalability margin 
expansion and long-term profitability strengthening our vision to become leading player in 

 
Krishival Foods Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
India's premium FMCG landscape to target aspirational consumption. I thank Chorus also for 
arranging this call. I thank our investor relations agency Adfactor for helping us in coordinating 
this call. I thank our CEO nuts division Mr. Nana Mhaske and CEO ice cream division, Melt N 
Mellow division Mr. Abhishek Purani for participating in this call along with me. I am looking 
forward to such more calls in the coming quarters. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Krishival Foods Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you all 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
