 
 
 
Ref-LTF/ SE/ 2025-26/  
 
 
 
 
               Date: November 04, 2025 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Ref.: Code-532783 Scrip ID: LTFOODS 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor/ Analysts Conference Call for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2025. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, copy of transcript of the Investor/ Analysts conference call held on Friday, 
October 31, 2025 on the Unaudited financial results and operations of the Company for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025, is enclosed. 
 
In this regard, a transcript of the aforesaid Earnings Call is attached herewith. Further, the said 
transcript shall also be available on the website of the Company. 
Link: 
https://ltfoods.com/ltfoodscms/uploads/investors/conferancecalltranscript/conferanc
ecalltranscript_1762249823.pdf 
 
  
 
Request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Faithfully,  
 
For LT Foods Limited 
 
 
Monika Chawla Jaggia 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
MONIKA 
JAGGIA
Digitally signed by MONIKA 
JAGGIA 
Date: 2025.11.04 15:34:19 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“LT Foods Limited Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHWANI KUMAR ARORA - MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SACHIN GUPTA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. MONIKA CHAWLA JAGGIA - CHIEF CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT 
OFFICER 
MR. ROHAN GROVER- CEO (NATURE BIO FOODS LIMITED) 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MEET JAIN - MOTILAL OSWAL INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to LT Foods Q2 FY'26 Earnings 
Conference Call Hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask a question after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need an assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Meet Jain from Motilal Oswal Institutional 
Equities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Meet Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to LT Foods 
Limited Q2 FY'26 Post Results Earnings Call Hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. 
On the call today, we have the Management Team being represented by Mr. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora – MD and CEO; Mr. Sachin Gupta – CFO; Ms. Monika Chawla 
Jaggia – Chief Corporate Development Officer. 
We will begin the call with key thoughts from the management team, thereafter 
we will open the floor for Q&A session. I would now like to request the 
management to share their perspective on the performance of the Company. 
Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Monika Chawla Jaggia: Thank you, Meet and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome you all to LT Foods 
Limited Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call. 
Please note that any statement made or discussed during this call, which reflects 
our outlook for the future or which could be construed as a forward-looking 
statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the Company faces. 
A detailed disclaimer in this regard has been included in the investor presentation 
that has been shared on both the stock exchanges i.e., NSE and BSE. The result 
documents are available on the Company's website as well as stock exchanges. A 
transcript of this call will also be made available on the investor section of the 
Company's website. 
So, I would like to give you the overview of the business: 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
During Q2 FY'26, LT Foods achieved its highest ever quarterly revenue of Rs. 2,772 
crores representing growth of 30% (normalized growth of 12% excluding Golden 
Star and U.S. Tariff) and EBITDA of Rs. 316 crores representing growth of 24% 
compared to Q2 FY'25. 
For the first half of FY'26, the Company reported a record half-year revenue of Rs. 
5,273 crores demonstrating year-on-year growth of 25%, (normalized growth of 
15% excluding Golden Star and U.S. Tariff) and EBITDA of Rs. 619 crores 
representing growth of 20% compared to first half of FY'25. This robust 
performance is attributed to strategic brand investments, sustained growth 
across multiple segments and geographies, increasing consumer demand and 
preference for our brands and improved distribution channels across key markets. 
The company reported an EBITDA margin of 11.4% for Q2 FY'26 down by 60 basis 
points from 12% in Q2 FY'25, primarily due to increased brand investment and 
certain strategic initiatives and digitalization initiatives undertaken by the 
Company. Over the long term, the Company has demonstrated consistent 
performance with a 5-year compounded revenue growth of 16% and compounded 
PAT growth of 21%. 
Additionally, LT Foods maintains a strong investment-grade credit rating of CRISIL 
AA- A1+, with a positive rating outlook revised in July '25. 
During the quarter, LT Foods strategically expanded its presence in the European 
processed can food market through the acquisition of Hungary-based Global 
Green Kft. This acquisition marked entry into the £15 billion market segment, 
compounding LT Foods' existing RTE and RTC packaged food portfolio. The 
transaction was then at an enterprise value of £25 million, contributing an 
additional a £40 million in revenue subject to FDI approval. Management expects 
this acquisition to strengthen subgroup's competitive positioning and support 
sustainable long-term growth. It also establishes a third manufacturing hub in 
Hungary, reinforcing LT Foods' footprint across Central and Southern Europe and 
improving regional operational capabilities. 
I would like to provide an update on Countervailing Duty (CVD) concerning 
Ecopure Specialities Ltd, a fellow subsidiary of LT Foods: 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
A public hearing was conducted on September 16, 2025, where both the parties 
presented their arguments before the U.S. Department of Commerce. The final 
determination has been extended by one month following the hearing and is now 
anticipated by November 17th, 2025. 
Segment-wise update: 
- 
Basmati and other specialty rice businesses recorded a 24% growth, but 
otherwise the normalized growth is 11.4% excluding the Golden Star and U.S. 
tariff, YOY growth in the first half of 2026, driven by enhanced brand 
investment and focused marketing initiatives that continue to strengthen 
consumer trust. 
- 
Organic segment delivered a robust 26% year-on-year growth in the first half 
of 2026, reflecting the rising global demand for sustainable food choices and 
our strong presence across key international markets. 
- 
Under our organic business arm, Nature Bio Foods Ltd has entered the B2C 
segment in Europe with the inauguration of a new facility in Rotterdam. The 
initial capital expenditure for this facility was approximately Rs. 20 crores, with 
a planned additional investment of Rs. 15 crores over the next three years. 
With this leveraging the new capability, the company will sustain sourcing 
from India and Africa while expanding the procurement from over 20 
countries worldwide, aiming to supply premium organic ingredients to the 
European market. The revenue acceleration is expected to begin in the 
financial year 2026-2027, with an estimated incremental revenue of Rs. 400 
crores over the next five years, driven by this strategic investment. With the 
strategic move focusing on building a stronger RTH and RTC portfolio, the 
Company expanded its retail portfolio with the launch of Daawat Thai Green 
Curry Rice Kit, and the introduction of the Daawat Thai Green Curry Kit was 
followed by a strong performance of the Daawat Biryani Kit which has crossed 
1 million units of annual consumption since its starting. 
Geography wise update: 
- 
The North America accounts for 46% of our revenue and continues to be a key 
growth driver with a 47% year-on-year revenue growth, the normalized 
growth of 16% and excluding Golden Star and U.S. tariff. Our flagship brand 
revenue, Royal there holds a dominant position commanding a 54% market 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
share in the region and 61% share in the Basmati Rice import in the U.S. 
Golden Star is the number one jasmine rice brand in the region. India 
contributes 30% of our revenue recording a 13% year-on-year growth. Our 
brands collectively hold a 26% market share with category leadership in the 
western region. In India, the household reach of Daawat has grown 
significantly from 45.56 lakh homes in March 2023 to 56.2 lakh homes in 
March 2025. 
- 
Europe and UK currently contribute 15% of our overall revenue. Our progress 
in this region has been robust, achieving 31% year-on-year growth driven by 
expanding market reach and rising demand for our differentiated offerings. 
Besides, we have made investment in people and infrastructure in European 
Union (EU).  
- 
The Middle East and rest of the world constitute the remaining 9% of our 
revenue. Of this, Rs. 28 crores is from Saudi Arabia. 
Looking ahead to Financial Year 2026, our priority is to build a stronger, future-
ready, more robust LT Foods by deepening brand equity, accelerating market 
expansion, investing in digital transformation and evolving through strategic 
partnerships. We remain committed to delivering products that represent trust, 
quality and value to consumers worldwide. 
With this, I would now like to hand over the call to the moderator to open the floor 
for question-and-answer please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Azharuddin Jariwala from Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Azharuddin Jariwala: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. My first question is on the working 
capital. We can see that year-on-year, our payable debt has increased from 19 days 
to 30 days. Can you please throw some light on that? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Yes. My working capital days on the payable side from 43 days basis, the current 
6-month data from the last 28 days. So, there is an increase of 15 days. This is 
basically on account of better negotiations which we have done from the vendors. 
And that has increased our working capital payable days by 15 days if you compare 
it with the year-on-year data. 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Azharuddin Jariwala: 
Okay. And recently we have done an investment of £5 million in our step-down 
subsidiary which is LT Foods U.K. Limited. So, how are we planning to deploy the 
capital in the business? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, basically that is for the leverage. The company leveraged once. So, in order to 
improve the leverage ratios, investments are being made in one of my subsidiaries 
that is in the UK. So, we have set up our factory in London. So, in order to instill 
the capital and have a better debt-to-equity and debt-to-EBITDA ratio, the kind of 
funding is being given. 
Azharuddin Jariwala: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Doshi from Care Portfolio 
Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Amit Doshi: 
Thank you. Sir, the mention is about this volume growth of 23% and now 
corresponding revenue normalized growth is 11%. So, what would be normalized 
volume growth? And how have you accounted for this U.S. tariff part? So, if you 
just can clarify so we could understand it better. 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, yes, if you talk about the U.S. tariff, so certain portion has been the incremental 
revenue that has been there in the financial itself. If we normalize that revenue 
itself and yes, in this half year, the Golden Star has also got consolidated. So, if we 
normalize both the revenues, our revenue has increased on a year-on-year basis 
by 14.5%. That is the growth which is there. 
Amit Doshi: 
Normalized volume growth. 
Sachin Gupta: 
And the normalized volume growth, it was 23% that was there. The volume 
growth, if we reduce the Golden Star in this will be around 18%. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. So, when you say U.S. tariff, so if we exclude Golden Star, I understand that 
Golden Star had roughly Rs. 300 crore quarterly run rate at least till last quarter, 
so around 130 crores-150 crores is an impact on account of U.S. tariff. So, that 50% 
of the goods that we sold in the U.S. is that figure? I mean, or which means that 
we have passed on all the tariff to the end consumer? 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, yes. If you look at our financial numbers, almost Rs. 353 crores have come 
because of the consolidation of the Golden Star. Yes, we are in the process of 
passing it on to our customers the increase. So, that is to be seen in the coming 
quarters. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: So, there are two parts of duty. First the 10% duty was imposed, then 25% and 
then 50%. So, the first phase duty we have negotiated and we have passed on and 
the impact is of that. Now duty of 20%, 50% that we are in the process of 
negotiation with our customer. 
Amit Doshi: 
But till September, we would have already done something, right? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Yes, that's what Sachin just said, the initial duty, which is 10%, partly we have 
passed on. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. So, on the organic and the RTH business, both have not grown sequentially. 
Any reason? Because, organic last quarter we did, this EU-UK tie-ups and all. So, 
anything that you would want to comment on that? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Yes, so Rohan will comment on this. So, as far as the revenue is concerned, we 
have grown. So, margin has gone impacted. Rohan, who is the CEO of Nature Bio 
Foods, he will explain more. So, Rohan, to you. 
Rohan Grover: 
I'm happy to answer that. See, we have invested in Europe for creating a private 
label infrastructure here, which will make us enter into the new channel. And now 
that we already have that establishment, in the last six months or H1, we had to 
move a lot of our operations to third party, given that we were expanding 2-3 times 
of our capacities, what we had before. And to make that possible in the six months 
of period, we had to move our operations to third party. That has made us spend 
some extra cost, which has impacted our margins. As one of the components of 
why our margins are reduced. On the revenue side, I think if you see, you said it 
has not grown sequentially, but it has. The revenue-wise, we are seeing a good 
growth already from the last half yearly of last year. So, there we don't see 
anything. I think it's a correction that once you will read it again. On the margin 
side again, also we, as you know organic business does a lot of business in the 
non-Basmati segment. And non-Basmati, globally, its prices are under pressure 
partly because what India banned non-Basmati rice, just non-Basmati as a 
category I am mentioning. And given that there were more surplus inventory of 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
non-Basmati in higher production that the numbers have stated now, so this has 
given a high pressure on the prices globally. And because of that, we had to sell at 
the market prices for something which we harvested at a higher price at that time. 
So, that has also been shown in our margin structure that we had to have 
pressures on our margin. But this will all be covered up in the coming quarters. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. What I meant was revenue growth sequentially. So, sequentially, based on 
the numbers of H1 and last Q1, I concluded that there was no growth on the 
revenue front. 
Sachin Gupta: 
Correct. Amit, you are right. On quarter-on-quarter basis, immediate preceding 
quarter, the revenue size has remained more or less the same. But what Rohan is 
saying of the six months. So, you need to compare with the six months. So, there 
is a growth of almost 26% that is coming in the six months. Yes, the margins have, 
as Rohan explained, there has been pressure on the margins. But that too will be 
corrected in the coming year. 
Amit Doshi: 
Got it. There is a purchase of stock in trade. There is a high jump in that. Is that 
something to do with some bulk orders? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Not really, Amit. This is basically on account of the GS and the Golden Star getting 
consolidated. It is more of a trading. So, we are getting it packed in the pre-packed 
form from our suppliers in Thailand. So, it was not there last year. So, now when it 
is getting consolidated, there is more of that. 
Amit Doshi: 
And same is the reason for reduction in other income as well. Correct? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Correct. So, there was an income from the GS that was sitting in the last year. So, 
that has now been consolidated. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. And last one. Now, this U.S. importing from Thailand, this Golden Star. So, 
that also has around 19% tariff. So, that also has been passed on to the customer? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Yes. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. Thank you. I will join back in the queue. Thank you. 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Shakdher from Green Capital 
Single Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Hi. Good afternoon. This is Nitin Shakdher from the Green Capital Single Family 
Office. My question to the management is more from an investor rather than an 
analyst. What is the Company's thought process in terms of a larger brand strategy 
to become a larger food and beverage company maybe in the next few years in 
terms of brand expansions, let's say like yogurt-based drinks, lassi, buttermilk, 
lemonade, sharbats, which go very well with rice. On the same lines, the way 
you've done the curry-rice meals and European processed foods venture. Is there 
a thought process on the strategy to become a larger company rather than just a 
rice brand? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: So, Nitin, good question. As a brand, Daawat is a very strong brand in India and 
globally. And then Royal is a very strong brand in North America. So, we have in 
our five-year plan how to, do the extension in this brand and what portfolio we 
can extend where we have a better right to win a growth opportunity. So, we have 
a full plan. That's how we are reasonably giving the guidance on our five-year plan. 
This is what we do every five years. That's the rolling part of that. So, as far as, just 
a rice company, we are very proud and very happy to be a specialty Basmati rice 
company. And the category is growing year-on-year, 5% to 7%, it's a healthy 
business. And so, we have a plan. So, we have a plan to grow specialty rice, dry 
rice—business.  
Nitin Shakdher: 
My follow-up question is that, just if you could talk us through the European 
Processed Foods investment with Global Green, how's that shaping up? I know it's 
too initial right now, but what's generally the ramp-up and how is it going to be 
processed and what's the initial feedback? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: So, we have signed SHA. So, now we are waiting for the approval from the Hungary 
government. And then, once approval is there, then the transaction will 
consummate and it will take 2 to 3 months. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Thank you. All the best. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Thank you. 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Goel from Aurigin Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Thanks for taking my question. Can you tell me what is the volume growth in U.S. 
in 1HFY'26 and also in India? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, regarding the volume growth, our team will provide you with the data. You can 
ask our team members. So, they will provide you with the data. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Okay. And in terms of input cost, how is input cost shaped up on a Q-on-Q basis? 
Has there been a reduction or it has been flat? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: I think the gross margin has improved. So, yes. So, as far as input cost is 
concerned, I'm sure you know that, we in a year's time, 80% of the crop, 70% of 
the crop we source in the month of from October to February. So, it doesn't really 
vary quarter-on-quarter. So, it's a year-on-year. So, our gross margin has 
improved. So, that impacts both the pricing power as well as the efficiency of the 
crop. 
Hitesh Goel: 
And my final question on Middle East market, there has been decline, right? I 
mean, you're a very small player right now in Middle East market. Still, we are 
seeing a decline. So, can you talk about what is the strategy on the Middle East 
side, the biggest market in Basmati, right? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Yes. So, it is not a decline. If you look at the first quarter numbers, there was a 
decline of almost 33%. So, this decline has now been in the quarter-on-quarter 
basis, we have improved. So, yes, the first quarter was slightly sluggish in this 
regard, but we are improving and we have gained quite a reasonable share in that, 
the loss in the sales, which was there in the second quarter itself. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: The Middle East is very big, so as earlier also, Middle East is one of our focus 
market. So, we have started from kind of green field. So, it will take time, but it is 
in the focus. And if you have seen in Saudi Arabia we are building the business. So, 
hopefully, in the next five years, we will be able to build a sizable business in the 
Middle East. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ishant Lalwani from Ashika 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Ishant Lalwani: 
Thank you so much for taking my question. So, our PAT margins were trending 
downwards from the past 7 to 8 quarters. And earlier, it was around 8%, now it is 
around 6%. So, can you just throw some light on this and your future outlook on 
the PAT margin? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: So, Sachin will explain more. But if you see, our ROCE has started, it's the impact 
of the mix, growing, adding Jasmine rice business, where absolute margin in 
percentage may be lower, but in terms of ROCE it is high. So, if you see, our ROCE 
has improved to, Sachin correct me, it's around 22%. 
Sachin Gupta: 
22%, right. So, yes, if you look at our PAT numbers, half year itself, it is 6.3% last 
year same it was 7.2. But you need to normalize certain things in this regards. 
Now, there was certainly the tariff which we had passed on. So, there was 
incremental revenue that was given in this. And yes, my, one of my segments, the 
Nature Bio Foods, there was organic segment. The organic segment didn't 
perform as per the targets. Yes, we are looking forward and having a better base 
in the going quarters as well. But yes, in spite of these things, our growth in the 
PAT margin or in the year-on-year basis is almost 8.7%. That is the growth which 
we have. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: That's a resultant of a lot of investment in the brands and digital. All these 
investments, if you see, the gross margins are improving. 
Sachin Gupta: 
Correct. 
Ishant Lalwani: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raman KV from Sequent 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Raman KV: 
Hello, sir. Can you hear me? Yes, Ramanji. So, I just want to understand, it's more 
of a doubt with respect to the RTC. The margin declined because you had 
additional cost as you move toward third-party manufacture. Am I right? 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Sachin Gupta: 
No. So, the margin decline in this is basically on account of the certain kind of 
promotions and the brand investments which we have done. So, there was an 
incremental brand investment which was done in the RTC and RTE segments in 
order to accelerate the sales. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Agarwal from Moneyore. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
The availability of crop because of the rains, Basmati crop showing the acreage 
has increased by 1.5%. So, if we need to grow by double digit, the crops will be 
available for the next year? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: That's a good question, Rajesh. As explained, the crop size is 1.5%. But as LT Foods, 
we contribute only of the total crop 7% to 8%. Okay. So, enough crop available as 
far as LT Foods is concerned to grow. But this is a cyclical, some year it grows by 
more than the demand. And then the carryover take through. This is how the 
typically cycle goes, sometime more, sometime at par. And then the prices will be 
a little bit firm up and again, the growth will come. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
So, availability won't be a problem for the next year? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: No. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
And second, sir, your outlook on the tariff, how much can be passed on? How much 
has been passed on? So, how much heat either we have to take or? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: We are in the process. I think the next two months will tell us the impact of this, 
but we are in the process. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
But nothing has come in this quarter? Because we had a strong quarter 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Initially, when there was a 10% duty, that we have taken partly price increase. Then 
the 25%, then again 25%. There were three phases. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Okay. But our stocks are available there now still for the Christmas season? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Yes, fully available. We are very well presented on the shelf. Things are normal. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you, sir. I wish you best of luck. 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Thank you so much. We need this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of K. P. Shankara Rao, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
K.P. Shankara Rao: 
Just one question. There is an excellent improvement in revenue and operational 
profit that did not get converted into PAT. I think there was already a question 
previously, but I did not fully understand. What are the top reasons for non-
conversion of this operating profit into PAT? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Yes, there are 2-3 reasons for that. In our scenario, we are investing in our brand. 
So, our brand investment as a percentage to revenue has increased. Likewise, we 
are investing in our digital initiatives and making future ready organizations. So, 
that kind of investment as a percentage to the revenue has increased in this half 
year. Likewise, because earlier the Golden Star, the share of profits was there. 
There was no revenue as such assigned. So, my overall profits, the share of profit 
used to reflect directly to my PAT numbers and getting a better return ratios. Now 
this year, with the consolidation of the Golden Star, the overall revenue and other 
size of the business is getting consolidated. So, yes, we have grown, but at the 
same time, there are certain reasons associated with the PAT not following the 
growth of the revenue. 
K.P. Shankara Rao: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashanth, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Prashanth: 
Hello, gentlemen. So, first of all, thanks for the opportunity. I have a simple 
question. If we look at the balance sheet as of 30th September, you have cash and 
bank balances of around Rs. 600 plus crores. And also you have short term 
borrowings of around something Rs. 1,200 crores. Now this year looks like a 
dichotomy. And we have an interest of around Rs. 50 plus crores for the half year. 
So, why should the company pay interest on short term borrowings when it has 
cash of Rs. 600 plus crores? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Yes, you are right in that sense. But at the same time, you need to understand the 
geographical locations at which we operate. There are different companies in 
which we are operational. So, there are foreign companies. We can't have, because 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
of my foreign companies, they are relatively new. So, there you require the loan 
for the working capital. Whereas the same kind of cash, because in India, the 
procurement season hasn't started. We are sitting on the cash. So, that will be 
utilized in the coming quarters. So, that is because of my global operations.  
Ashwani Kumar Arora: So, India, we are cash surplus. Internationally, we have a borrowing. So, that's 
what Sachin wanted to explain. We can't transfer. But, whatever the surplus 
money we have. So, we are getting same better returns than what we are paying. 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, it is in line with what kind of interest rates that we are paying. So, we are 
managing that kind of overall percentage of the ratio. 
Prashanth: 
Okay. And if we take the borrowing, short term borrowing, I mean, what would be 
the blended cost of borrowing? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Overall, on the rupee terms I am talking about, that is around 7%. That includes 
the bank charges as well. 
Prashanth: 
Okay. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Meet Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Meet Jain: 
Thank you. My question is regarding the Basmati segment. So, in terms of 
domestic market, we have seen a 13% kind of growth. So, on this, how do you look 
at the second half of FY'26? And also in terms of the overall outlay of the domestic 
market? As you know, we have seen a very good production as well as the recent 
floods impacted. So, how is the overall demand supply scenario for the domestic 
market? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, Meet, India category is growing in the range of 7% to 8%. And similarly, 
international also is the latest thing. So, as far as so, demand is good. Production 
is at par with the last year, but there is a carryover from the last year. So, we see 
no issue on the supply side. I hope that answer your question. 
Monika Chawla Jaggia: Yes. The second part is answered, the first part was how it's going to the second 
half would be, second half guidance. 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Second half, as you know, in America, there is a little bit turbulence, although we 
are in the process of this price, but the next two months will tell the things, but we 
are reasonably optimistic about that. So, yes, but rest business looks promising. 
India looks promising. Europe looks promising and rest of the world also looks 
promising. U.S. is, we have to watch for the next two months. 
Meet Jain: 
Understood. And the organic segments are announcing the acquisition-- 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Rohan can explain more on the second half on the organic, he's in control. Yes, 
Rohan, please. 
Rohan Grover: 
Yes, as I shared with you a little while ago, that we have made some investments 
here, which has given us a slight dip in the margin. On the revenue side, as you've 
seen, the half yearly has grown by 26% from previous years. We had to prepone 
some of the shipments given that to the U.S., given that this duty was 10%, 25% 
and 50%. But we see that the business is sustainably growing and we would 
rebound in the second half of the year. And coming years on our strategies also, 
we are getting into the new private label channels here in Europe. And just not 
knowing about the U.S. fully today, but so far the organic segment remains strong 
and sustainable. And we believe that we will rebound it to our last year's numbers 
by the end of the year. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Thank you, Rohan. 
Rohan Grover: 
And in terms of the margin, will we see a similar kind of margin organic for the 
next two quarters as well, the higher cost weighing on the margin, or it was this 
quarter can happen only in the organic segment. It will take one more quarter to 
settle down. But by the end of the year, we believe that in the fourth quarter, we 
will be back with our margin structures that we have been enjoying for the past 
few years. And coming on to the convenience and health segment, the RTC 
segment. So, I believe this quarter has already seen a big effect of Daawat Sehat. 
And despite that, we have grown only by 9%. So, just on the outlook for this 
segment, the RTC and RTE segment also, we have doubled the capacity in the U.S. 
market. What kind of run rate of growth can we see coming quarters in the RTC 
segment? And also, is the U.S. market weighing on this segment as well? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: So, Meet, it is doing very well. So, mainly the revenue of ready-to-eat and ready-
to-cook come from USA. But we have a capacity constraint. So, the production of 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
the second unit, which we have just built in last year, has gone a little delayed. So, 
I'm sure in the next quarter it will start and then we will see growth. But as far as 
demand is concerned, that is growing. But we were not able to capture that 
demand because of our constraint in the production. 
Meet Jain: 
Okay. So, we can see a similar run rate in the next quarter as well. And from Q4, 
we can see the capacity ramping up from the new plant, Quarter 4? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Yes. 
Meet Jain: 
And from this, will there be a certain impact on the EBITDA also? Because we have 
guidance for around Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 400 crores will go EBITDA break-even or 
EBITDA positive. So, are we on line with this or can we expect this in FY'26? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, yes, Meet, we are in line. So, yes, because of this delayed production one, so 
we are delayed by almost 6 to 9 months delay that has happened. So, yes, the kind 
of break-even will also be certainly deferred to 6 months to 7 months. So, that is 
there. But we are on line for achieving the 400 crores and having a break-even. 
Meet Jain: 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajveer Tandon from Ventura 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajveer Tandon: 
I'd like to ask you about the impact on the financial statements of the new 
acquisition. So, what is the deal structuring and how has it been taking place? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, the deal size is €25 million. So, that's the enterprise value we are buying at. 
And we have signed the SHA and we will get an approval in coming 2-3 months. 
Monika Chawla Jaggia: 100% acquisition, basically, because you asked for the structure. So, after the FDI 
approval, it will become 100% acquired by LT Foods, a fellow subsidiary. 
Rajveer Tandon: 
It's an all-cash deal? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, yes, it is an all-cash deal. 
Rajveer Tandon: 
Okay, so what is the value of the fixed assets and how much would be the 
intangibles and goodwill that will be coming into the balance sheet? 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, yes, there will be certainly the intangibles. It will be in the tune of €6 million to 
€7 million of intangibles that will be there. The remaining will be the asset value. 
Rajveer Tandon: 
Okay, got it. Alright, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Subhankar Ojha from SKS Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
Hi, thanks. So, basically, regarding the acquisition only. So, what has been the past 
couple of years trend of this entity? I mean, we have mentioned that €40 million 
was the last year revenue. How has it been growing or is it like, last 2-3 years, has 
this business been growing there? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Not really. They were having some financial constraints. So, they were not 
growing. But as far as category, that is growing. And that is the kind of one of the 
pieces to have all the resources in place to grow that business. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
Okay. And is it a profitable one in terms of EBITDA level? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: It is profitable. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
Alright, secondly sir, so basically this current 50% tariff, you said that when the 
10% was applicable, we passed on. So, right now, as we speak, how much of the 
tariff have we been able to pass on? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, we are in the process. 10% is whatever the proportion we have already passed 
on. The restis still in negotiation. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
Okay, alright, got that. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krushi Parekh from BugleRock 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Krushi Parekh: 
So, my first question is India-centric and how is the competition shaping up, 
especially when it comes to modern trades? And even when it comes to this quick 
commerce? Because I believe that the top two players in India have a dominant 
market share in the quick commerce, at least. So, how is the trend and how are we 
geared to compete in this segment? 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: The category is growing. And Daawat is the second largest brand. We are growing 
at 13%. Very healthy growth. As Monika just told you, we are increasing our 
household. And we are fully equipped from every aspect, from the strength of the 
brand. We are investing behind the brand. If you see, in the H1, we have invested 
double money in advertising. So, that's how we are getting the growth. So, we are 
very strong. 
Krushi Parekh: 
So, any indication on the competition kind of intensity increasing, staying same or 
decreasing? Because what I've been gearing down to is that some of the 
companies I mean, all these players are now looking to have some other set of 
brands as well, considering the dominant position that the two players have. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: I don't know. I have not understood your question exactly. But we are in a stronger 
place, I can say. We are extending our brand to the strength of our brand. And we 
have a better right to win. 
Krushi Parekh: 
I understand. And just from your overall strategy perspective, what are the top 3 
or 4 considerations that we have whenever we are looking to enter into a new 
product category and or maybe even acquiring a business? So, for last, 2-3-4 odd 
years, we have been on this spree of acquiring some of the smaller businesses or 
getting into a new product category. So, what are the key considerations that we 
have?  
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Very good question. So, as a company, as a brand, we have two strengths. One is 
Daawat as a brand. They have a name. And second, we have a distribution. So, as 
a strategy, we will grow around this. So, wherever, the possibility will come where 
we can leverage the equity of the Daawat, we will expand there. And that will be 
more the rice plus. On the other than rice acquisition, we will be evaluating which 
has a synergy with our distribution. And as Daawat is a kitchen brand. So, we will 
be around that, if that is the answer you're looking for. 
Krushi Parekh: 
So, largely, it's the distribution synergy that we are looking for and coming in the 
periphery of where we are present? 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Yes. 

 
LT Foods Limited 
October 31, 2025 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand over the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Monika Chawla Jaggia: Thank you, everyone. On behalf of the management of LT Foods Limited, we thank 
you all for joining us on our post earnings call today. We hope we have been able 
to address majority of your queries. You may reach out to me or our investor 
relation partner Ernst & Young for any further queries that you may have and they 
would connect with you offline. So, I would request the moderator now we can 
close the call. Thank you all. 
Sachin Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Ashwani Kumar Arora: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of LT Foods and Motilal Oswal Financial Services, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
