 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
CIN: L70100DL2000PLC104787 
Regd. Off : 13TH FLOOR DR. GOPAL DAS BHAWAN, 28 BARAKHAMBA ROAD, CONNAUGHT PLACE, NEW DELHI- 110001 Phone: 011-49281700 
Corp. Off. : UNIT NO.101,GROUND FLOOR, TOWER-A, SIGNATURE TOWER, SOUTH CITY-1 GURUGRAM HR- 122001Phone: 0124-4398011 
                                                                                      E-mail:  compliance@signatureglobal.in, Website: www.signatureglobal.in 
 
 
Date: 17th November, 2025 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
Scrip Code : 543990 
Debt Segment : Scrip Code-977218 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot no C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
 
Symbol : SIGNATURE 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/ Analysts Call held on 10th November, 2025 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
With reference to our letter dated 5th November, 2025 in respect of Investors/ Analysts Call, held on  
Monday, the 10th November, 2025, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of discussion held 
during the said Investors/ Analysts Call. 
 
The aforesaid information shall also be disclosed on the website of the Company at 
www.signatureglobal.in.  
 
Kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
(M R BOTHRA) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
Meghraj 
Bothra
Digitally signed by Meghraj Bothra 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=110034, l=North 
West Delhi, st=Delhi, street=2890/1 SF SANT NAGAR, 
RANI BAGH, Delhi India 110034, title=1802, 
2.5.4.20=1e047b4394bcf4c5de5a2639f513863aef84549a
8b2d054ffc19a6606d774e57, 
serialNumber=c32479ccd87a4ef81e06f955d3a91f5d1b6
ae7532fb94d948a50c7d2b1ff9f20, 
email=bothramr@yahoo.co.in, cn=Meghraj Bothra 
Date: 2025.11.17 19:27:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2025 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRADEEP KUMAR AGGARWAL –CHAIRMAN AND 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – SIGNATUREGLOBAL 
(INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. LALIT KUMAR AGGARWAL – VICE CHAIRMAN 
AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – SIGNATUREGLOBAL 
(INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. RAVI AGGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. DEVENDER AGGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. RAJAT KATHURIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV KUMAR SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MS. PREETIKA SINGH – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ADHIDEV CHATTOPADHYAY – ICICI SECURITIES 
 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Signatureglobal (India) Limited Q2 FY 
'26 Earnings Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities. Thank you. 
And over to you, sir. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I'd like to welcome everyone on the 
call today. From the management, we have with us, Mr. Pradeep Kumar Aggarwal:, the 
Chairman and Whole Time Director; Mr. Lalit Kumar Aggarwal, the Vice Chairman and Whole-
Time Director; Mr. Ravi Aggarwal, the Managing Director; Mr. Devender Aggarwal, the Joint 
Managing Director and Whole-Time Director. Mr. Rajat Kathuria, the Chief Executive Officer; 
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Sharma, the Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. Preetika Singh, the Head of 
Investor Relations. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. So over to 
you. Thank you. 
Pradeep Kumar Aggarwal: Yes. Thanks, Adhidev. Hello, everyone. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to the quarter 2 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call of Signature Global. We appreciate you taking the time to join us 
today. I trust you have had a chance to go through our results and investor presentation. I would 
like to start with a brief look at India's housing land scale, which continues to be a major force 
behind the country's economic progress. 
 
Today, real estate is a concerned -- center stone of the economy, supporting over 200 linked 
industries, such as cement, steel and furnishing. The sector contributes about 8% of India's GDP 
and is projected by CREDAI and CareEdge to become a INR5 trillion to INR10 trillion market 
by 2047, accounting for nearly 20% of GDP. 
 
It is also the second largest employer with the housing alone expected to generate nearly 20 
million new jobs by 2030, reflecting national trends, Delhi-NCR residential market remained 
strong recording sales of about 62,000 units worth INR1,530 billion in 2024 and around 26,795 
units of worth INR934 billion in the H1 '25. 
 
In Gurugram our focused micro market like Dwarka Expressway, Southern Peripheral Roads or 
Sohna continue to attract high net worth individual or workings professionals seeking modern, 
well-connected home supported by robust infrastructure and rising buyer confidence. 
 
As per industrial pool, property prices along Dwarka Expressway have nearly doubled with 
around 98% growth between 2020 and 2024. Gurugram Southern Peripheral Roads has also seen 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
a remarkable appreciation with price rising by nearly 125% over the last 5 to 6 years. The Sohna 
corridor has similarly emerged as a high growth zone with property values increasing by about 
151% in the past 5 years, driven by the infrastructure upgrade and growing residential demand. 
As this positive momentum continues, we at Signature Global remain committed to growth that 
is both responsible and future ready. 
 
Sustainability is central to our vision, guiding how we plan, build or deliver our projects. 
Reinforcing this commitment, we recently raised INR8.75 billion, which is almost $100 million 
through the private placement of nonconvertible debenture to the International Finance 
Corporation, the World Bank lending arm, making Signature Global first ever listed debt 
transaction. 
 
The fund will be used to the developed mid-income and ESG-aligned housing projects while 
strengthening our balance sheet through debt reducing. This partnership with IFC underscores 
our financial discipline and our focus on creating communities that are modern, efficient and 
environmentally responsible. 
 
Our performance in the first half of current fiscal year reflect to the continued strength of our 
business fundamentals and the trust that customers, investors and other stakeholders place in 
Signature Global, driven by our strong performance, favorable market conditions and a robust 
launch pipeline in coming quarters, we are very much confident to achieve our FY '26 guidance, 
which includes presales of INR125 billion, revenue recognition of INR48 billion and steady 
growth across other key operating metrics. We believe our continued focus on execution, 
excellence and customer trust will help us sustain this growth momentum in the quarters ahead. 
 
With that, I would now like to invite our CEO, Mr. Rajat Kathuria to talk to you through the 
company's financial performance. Thank you once again for being here and for your continued 
trust in Signature Global. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thank you, Pradeepji. Thanks, everyone, for taking out time today morning. I'll just take a bit 
of a deep dive into some of these numbers, and happy to take up any questions which you may 
have post that. So during the first year, we've achieved about INR46.6 billion of sales, which is 
a little short of 40% of our annual guidance of about INR125 billion, which we do intend to 
achieve very positively. And as a background to the sales achievement, first, I would like to talk 
about the launches, which we've done during this half of the year. 
 
So previously, a lot of our launches were planned during the first half, whereas for this year, 
some of these launches are getting drifted towards the second half of the year. But during the 
first half, we've launched about 2.5-odd million square foot, 2.45 million to be precise, which is 
worth INR43 billion. However, during the second half of the year, we are planning launches 
almost close to 8 million square foot which will be in 2 of our 3 key markets in Sector 37D, we 
plan to launch roughly 3.6 million square foot, which is within this quarter itself. 
 
And in Sector 71 on the Southern Peripheral Road, we plan to do launches in excess of 4 million 
square foot. The GDV potential of these launches is expected to be in the range of INR13,000 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
crores to INR14,000 crores. And once these launches are done, we'll comfortably meet our 
annual launch target, which is a INR170 billion. So quite a few launches planned during the 
second half, which we feel will have a very strong and a positive impact on both sales and cash 
flows of the company. 
 
But taking deep dives into the first half sales, we achieved about INR46.6 million, which could 
be broken down in 2 different ways. One is that we've sold roughly 3 million square foot at an 
average pricing of about INR15,700 a foot. The other metric would be that we've actually sold 
about 1,338 units with an average ticket price of each unit nearing INR3.5 crores per unit. But 
the key takeaway is that during the first half, we've -- all the key micro markets have contributed 
to these sales. 
 
So if I have to give a very broad breakup of these 1,330-odd units, roughly, 500-plus units got 
sold in the Sohna region, about 450-odd units were sold in the Southern Peripheral Road Sector 
71 micro market. And about 300-plus units were -- 300-plus units was sold in the Dwarka 
Expressway market, which was a mix of both, in Sector 37D, as well as in Sector 84, where we 
have the projects by the name of Twin Towers. 
 
So, in effect on sales and launches, just to reiterate, we've managed to achieve sales across key 
markets. And bulk of the launches are getting planned in the second half and I can safely say 
that launch pipeline, a very advanced level launch pipeline of 8 million square foot is 
unparalleled. I don't think you'll see such quantum of launches coming from any large company 
in the micro market. 
 
Besides that, I think collections were steady. So out of our sales done till date, we've done some 
good collections to keep the liquidity position in the company very healthy. We've achieved total 
collections of about INR18.6 billion for the first half of the year. 
 
Bulk of the money went into construction, almost 47% of collections, including taxes went into 
construction and the balance, you could say, close to 25%, 27% gone into SG&A brokerage and 
taxes. And post that we created a free cash of about $4 billion, which was primarily spent on 
land and approvals for the company. 
 
Since we are building up this massive launched pipeline, there was money spent on both land 
and approvals aspect. During the year, we've also added certain land parcels in Sohna. So 2 key 
kind of additions on the business development side. So in the Sohna market, we've added about 
2.3 million square foot, which was a mix of both about 0.5 million was equivalent of 
development size was the acquisition, and about 1.8 million square foot was added by taking up 
one of our JDA partners share in this market. 
 
So about 2.3 million square foot of area. So we sold 3 million. We've added 2.3 in the Sohna 
market. But more importantly, as we are planning our projects in Sector 71, where we have 
access to about 92 acres plus land, which is mostly owned by the company, in our -- till recently, 
we've been giving guidance that this will have a sales potential of about 17 million square foot. 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
 
However, as we are going more granular into planning of these projects, our estimate as of today 
stands at about 18.5 million. So almost 1.5 million square foot of additional planned area, 
something which we are envisaging out of the Sector 71 portfolio, which is without really adding 
any further land into this whole piece. So on the BD side, there's area getting added into Sohna 
market as well as 71 by virtue of more refined planning. 
 
On the overall portfolio level where we stand as of today, we've delivered close to 16 million 
square foot. There's another 9 million square for which is getting close to delivery, the number 
was quite similar even at the end of previous quarter, but there were very heavy rains in the 
previous quarter, which did impact some bit of the construction activity on multiple sites, 
multiple times, we had face the rain fury and there was loss of momentum, which happened at 
various occasions during the previous quarter. 
 
So by and large, we were at about 9.2 million of area, which was yet to be completed. We are 
still close to about 9 million, at which we are at a good stage of completion, but yes, our target 
is to kind of complete and hand over these sites on -- as early as possible basis. But besides this, 
if we look at the inventory, which we've launched in the recent months, so we got publicly listed 
in September '23. And since February and March of '24, we've been launching newer projects 
on a very sustained basis. 
 
And if we cumulatively look at our launch and hence, the inventory which we've launched, 
where bulk of the cash flows are yet to be received. We launched close to 17-plus million square 
foot since February, March '24 until about September '25, which has a GDV potential in excess 
of INR234 billion. 
 
Bulk of this inventory has been sold as a guesstimate more than 180 billion out of -- inventory 
out of whatever we've launched has been sold and we'll have probably inventory closer to about 
INR50-odd billion, which is still unsold across these projects, which is -- which have been 
launched since the earlier part of previous year, so effectively 80% plus sales have been 
achieved. 
 
But more importantly, if we look at projects which are nearing a launch like 8 million is 
something which we are about to launch in the coming 3 to 4 months. But cumulatively, there's 
almost like 24 million square foot of development potential of land-based inventory, which we 
are sitting on. Now this forthcoming launch inventory has a GDV potential in excess of INR420 
billion. 
 
So, if we bucket forthcoming and recently launched projects, there's almost like 41 million, 42 
million square foot of developable area, which we are bringing to a launch stage at a very good 
pace. And it adds up to a GDV potential of more than INR650 billion and see, our thesis of the 
company has always been to do a fast churn on inventory. 
 
The idea of buying any land is to bring it to development stage on an early basis rather than 
holding up any line stage inventory for next 5, 6, 7 years or 8 years. So whatever is spending 
after launching this 8 million is something which we will launch within next 2 years itself. So 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
against this massive forthcoming and already launched inventory, which exceeds INR650 
billion. There's a net debt, which is quite modest, which is, by and large, range bound, but yes, 
less than INR10 billion, so about INR9.7 billion of debt is something which is still in the 
company. 
 
And over the coming 12 to 15 months, we do see that this net debt will come down to a 0 level 
like Pradeepji also mentioned, just a bigger transaction, which we did on the debt front was 
raising NCDs where IFC subscribed to all of those NCDs, almost INR100 billion equivalent was 
raised. So this is a new tap, a new manner in which we've accessed listed nonconvertible 
debentures, which is first of its kind for the company. And we were rated A+ stable by CARE 
rating agency. 
 
Just a quick impact on the revenue recognition and the guidance front. So during the first half, 
we've done a recognition of about INR12 billion. Our GP margin stood at about 29%, which is 
much higher than the previous half -- previous financial year's first half. The EBITDA margin 
dipped because of lower-than-anticipated quantum of revenue recognition but we do intend to 
make it up during the later part of the year. 
 
We've -- over span of time, we've been working with good quality contractor, we've onboarded 
contractors like Ahluwalia Contracts, Capacit'e, Arabian Construction Company. But just as an 
additional layer of efficiency improvement. We've also now onboarded Bain & Company, which 
will further help us in improving construction-related efficiency across various projects which 
are nearing completion. 
 
So over the next 18-odd months, I'm not being very specific with time line here, but yes, let's 
say, over the next 18 to 20 months, our target is to complete almost inventory worth INR10,000 
crores. So that's the precise mandate, which we've given to Bain & Company to walk alongside 
us so that these projects get completed in a timely manner. 
 
Just to compete and then as a last note, we stand firm on our guidance on launches of INR170 
billion on sales of INR125 billion on collection of INR60 billion and revenue recognition of 
INR48 billion for this financial year. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Sir, are we good to go for the questions? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes, please. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
First is on the launches, 8 million square feet you talked about, while you said 6 million square 
feet in 37D and 4 million square feet in Sector 71, that's a massive supply for that market at one 
shot. So how are you planning to phase this out over the next 6 months or a couple of quarters? 
Yes, that's my first question. 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Sure. So Pritesh, see, the critical aspects for the company is to bring any land stage inventory to 
launch stage because there's a lot of planning and approval-related activities which need to be 
completed. So out of -- so when we are saying there's land-stage inventory, which is roughly 24 
million square foot, the good part is that almost two third of it is coming to a launch stage, just 
within the span of next 3 to 4 months. So that really makes a lot of shift in the quality of land 
stage inventory, which is there with the company. 
 
Also, Pritesh, we do intend to do the construction of these large projects at one go. So we'll not 
go tower by tower. So we'll hand out construction contracts at one go because we are very 
comfortable with the financial -- current financial position of the company. And we do intend to 
do the construction of these projects at one go. 
 
These will not be phased over multiple phases. As far as sales are concerned, see, there is not 
much new sale coming in the Sector 71 market. So we are amongst few large supply creators in 
the Sector 71 market. And hence, we are very positive as far as the sales offtake is concerned. 
 
And even on Dwarka Expressway, the way the entire infrastructure is concerned, we've done 
large scale projects in the past. So we may do some cosmetic sort of phasing is possible that we 
may launch x number of units first, which would be reasonably large, and we do a second small 
phase within a short of time, but it's -- fundamentally, this is one project. This is not like project 
which has to be launched across multiple phases over, let's say, 12 or 18 months. By and large, 
besides the marketing optics, this will remain one single project. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. So 4 million square feet from Sector 71 and another 4 million from 37D is how we should 
look at in terms of launches in second half for now? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes. Pritesh, just to add on. See, what we've also done is that, see, in general, the pricing in the 
market has gone up. See, the simple reason is that while projects have been launched in these 
middle income category, a lot of inventory has come in the upper mid segment. But what we've 
really done with both of these projects is to launch projects around 1,800-odd -- so earlier, let's 
say, launches were being done with an average size of about 2,200, 2,300 square foot. 
 
We are now launching projects with starting apartment sizes about 1,800-odd square foot. we've 
tried to ensure that the ticket size remains attractive, and it's affordable for the end user to 
participate in these launches. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. Just a couple of follow-ups on this, right? I mean you mentioned that amongst the 
inventory that we have launched since Feb '24 till now, there's INR5,000 crores worth of 
inventory, which is left in the project. If you can split that up between Sohna, SPR and 37D, that 
could be helpful. And looking at the last launch that we did in Sector 71, which were also not a 
sellout, right? 
 
We sold like 55%, 60% worth of inventory, how do you consider -- how are you expecting the 
velocity for these 2 launches? While you said financially, you are okay, I mean you are well 
strengthened to manage such a large-scale construction. Is your underlying assumption that 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
probably construction spend would be ahead of collections, and we are okay to take some debt 
if needed, but we want to go with a large size launch in the market? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So Pritesh, I hear you and kind of like 2 broad questions that if this inventory was INR5,000 
crores, why are we doing these larger launches? And what is the nature of unsold inventory, 
which stands in the company right now. And thirdly, you're talking about financing of these 
projects, correct? 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes. So see, as far as the unsold inventory is concerned, if I have to categorize it basis the nature 
of the development, then in the group housing or high-rise apartments, there is about, you could 
say, 2,800-odd crores of inventory, which is still unsold. In the mid-rise -- low-rise flows, there's 
about INR850 plus crores of inventory, out of which certain floors are blocked as well. 
 
It's not that we've opened up all floors to sale and hence, that inventory is lying. This is primarily 
in Daxin. There are certain floors which are yet to be opened up for sale and hence, this inventory 
-- while it's getting counted as unsold, it is -- we've not lost it as well. And there is certain plots, 
industrial plots, both in Daxin and City of Colours, which is worth, let's say, INR750-plus crores. 
 
So this is bulk of the inventory, which is yet available with the company. But there's a gap 
between what is with the company and what is getting launched. Amongst the group housing, 
there are still a lot of apartments which are larger size, like Titanium, we were doing apartments 
as large as 3,600 square foot, there were quite a few penthouses which are there in each of those 
towers. 
 
So the inventory which is left out will also comprise of the these larger-sized apartments. What 
we currently intend to do and launch is inventory, which is smaller in size and hence more 
affordable for the buyer to participate. So that's on the inventory side. 
 
And see, we've always maintained that is a very challenging task. It takes its own incubation 
time line effort and capitalization. So in the housing market, the bulk of the capitalization does 
take place while you are acquiring land and seeking approvals on those land parcels. Demand 
side, the reason why I brought up the cumulative sales, the reason was that since February or 
March, if we -- whatever we've launched, 80% plus has already got sold. 
 
And when we are doing these larger launches, see, the intent is that it can get consumed over a 
12-, 15-month period. The intent is not that as we launch it, all gets sold. But at least we've 
cleared a big critical milestone of creating that supply. So that's what I would suggest that it gets 
rightfully understood. 
 
As far as construction is concerned, see there has -- in recent past, we've not seen a situation that 
we've launched something and we've not achieved financial closure basis, the sales getting made. 
Having said that, the overall cash position of the company is quite strong, whatever projects are 
getting completed are throwing up cash and that's why the net debt stays where it is. If you look 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
at the last 2 years, ever since we got listed until date, I can share those numbers separately, but 
our portfolio has risen dramatically and the net debt is constant. 
 
So let's say the capital has grown 2x, 2.5x in terms of portfolio size and the net debt remains the 
same, that clearly indicates that a lot of it has been funded out of organic cash flows. And we 
also did one round of fundraise from the markets, and we've never had that intent of going again. 
And there was no need to kind of raise for the equity money from the markets, which still remains 
the situation. But we are confident of achieving good sales and these projects funding their 
construction on their own. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. And just to -- I mean, you mentioned that you are preparing these projects to sell within 
12 to 15 months. So just to clarify, will that be your underlying assumption that whatever we are 
launching, we are able to sell in 12, 15 months, that should be a good number to achieve? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
See, there are two sets of lines, Pritesh, there is launches which are being done, and there are 
absorption which happens over a span of time. This is real estate, and it should be -- and this has 
been the assumption. 
 
See, maybe last year, we launched 1 or 2 projects where just at launch, we managed to sell 
everything. But that can't be the assumption from a company perspective. We've always 
supposed to plan for a more pragmatic sales scenario that as we launch since these are -- this is 
inventory worth INR2.5 crores, INR3 crores, INR3.5 crores, it will take certain time for it to be 
consumed. 
 
But since we're launching it as a single phase, you can also appreciate that we are confident that 
all of this is getting sold within a finite set of time. Exact number of months, see, no one knows. 
But yes, this is definitely -- we are very positive that during the second half, we'll be able to 
achieve good sales and meet up our annual guidance. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Saishwar Ravekar from ICICI Securities. 
Saishwar Ravekar: 
Hello team. So my question is like the ongoing portfolio is heavily dependent on affordable and 
mid-income housing. So while forthcoming pipeline emphasizes on group housing and premium 
segment. So my question is basically like how does the revenue recognition profile has evolved 
in upcoming fiscal when these projects will complete, since the absorption rate definitely 
changed. So if you can guide us? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So see, there is almost 9 million square foot of inventory, which is coming to close over the next 
5 to 6 quarters. Then some of our newer projects had mix of both plotted development as well 
as low-rise developments. So in both of our large projects, like Daxin is almost 125-acre project, 
where this in between INR1,500 crores to INR2,000 crores worth of plotted development, which 
we've sold. Likewise, in City of Colours also, it's a large township with a lot of plotted 
development. 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
 
So in the manner of completion, we'll first see this 9 million plus getting completed. Then there 
are these developed plots, which are kind of getting completed and hence, even that revenue 
recognition will kick in. Post that, there are almost closed -- there are more than 2,500 low-rise 
floors which are -- which have been launched and bulk of them sold in the project Daxin. So that 
is -- that will get completed. And post that, some of these group housing projects, which we've 
launched over the last 15, 18 months, they will also come in queue of completion. 
 
So it's not that we are only relying on group housing projects and hence, the revenue recognition 
is getting pushed by many years. So there is multiple inventory. And every year, we'll see a mix 
of that getting completed. Lately, you'll see the pattern in revenue recognition and profit margin. 
The portion of middle-income home completion is getting higher. And hence, the GP margin is 
improving. So if we do a like-to-like comparison with the previous year, our GP margin has 
gone up to 29% versus 23%. 
 
The simple reason is that the proportion of low-rise floors has increased versus affordable 
housing projects. And we are now left with 5 or 6 affordable projects, which are kind of getting 
delivered over the coming quarters. And hence, once we are done, all the balance completion 
will have a very strong GP margin accruing against those projects. 
Saishwar Ravekar: 
Okay. One more question. One of your peers -- you must have heard this. One of your peers has 
taken entry in the Mumbai market. So you are also thinking for expansion, like geographic 
diversification. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
No plans as of now. So we wish best of luck to everyone who is entering new markets, whether 
it's people from NCR going to the Mumbai market or other players coming to the Gurgaon 
market because see, there is huge scope. The fundamental simple each of these geographies have 
like a country-size population. For instance, NCR in itself has close to 40 million people. So 
there is a massive amount of work which is there for all organized players. 
 
And if you see it as a theme, as an industry over the last 4 to 5 years, growth has been consistent 
across board. Balance sheet position has improved for multiple peers. And I think people are 
seeding newer markets. We still are focusing on some of these larger launches in our key 
markets. But at future stage, once we are close to entering any new market, we'll keep everyone 
posted about it. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So just a couple of questions on the cash flows overall. So we have done collections of INR1,900 
crores versus guidance of INR6,000 crores. If I look at your presentation, we have pending 
collections of INR2,200 crores from the ongoing projects. Another INR18,000 crores worth of 
inventory you have sold from inventory launch since Feb '24. 
 
And then you have another INR12,000-odd crores of sales expected in the second half. How 
would you bucket your balance collections in these 3 categories, ongoing recently launched and 

 
 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
upcoming so that we can build that confidence in the numbers to come in second half in terms 
of collections? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
See, from an overall perspective, Pritesh, ongoing and recently launch will give us numbers 
anywhere between INR4,000 crores to INR4,500-odd crores whereas INR1,500 crores will come 
out of the new -- the launches for the year, where if you look at the overall numbers, we've done 
about 22%, 23% of GDV terms launches as yet. 
 
Q1, we had done a project in Sector 71. Q2, there was no launch. But Q3, Q4, we are planning 
2 large launches. So, about INR1,500-odd crores is expected out of new launches, whereas about 
INR4,000 crores to INR4,500 crores, anywhere in that range is expected out of the existing set 
of projects. So that's our plan for the year. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And bulk of that till now, I mean, INR1,900 crores has come from ongoing and recent, while 
new launches, obviously, there was a large launch in the first quarter, that would have 
contributed about INR500 crores till now? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
North INR500 crores, I think that's not the number which has come as yet. But as of now out of 
this INR1,900-plus crores, INR1,960-odd crores, you could say about -- around somewhere in 
the range of 85% to 90% has come out of the erstwhile inventory, whereas you could say about 
approximate 10%. 
 
We can share the exact number, between 10% and 15% come from newer launches. But as these 
launches mature over the span of time, that's why I'm saying that overall, about 25% of the 
overall collection is expected from the newer launches. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. And in terms of the spending for construction, you expect these numbers to remain same 
in second half and probably ramp up next year with the launches that we'll have in second half. 
So how do you expect the overall construction spend for this year and OC generation in this 
year? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So construction will go up, not in a massive way. We spent about INR900-plus crores during 
the first 6 months, INR940-odd crores during the first 6 months on construction. I think that 
number should be between INR1,000 crores and INR1,100 crores for the second half of the year. 
 
I don't think it will cross INR1,200 crores, but it should be in that range of INR1,000 crores to 
INR1,100 crores for the year. So with enhancement in collections in the second half, a lot of it 
will trickle down to the operating cash surplus for this year. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management of Signature Global India for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining today's call and taking out time. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
