 
TeamLease Services Limited, CIN: L74140KA2000PLC118395 
Registered Office: 315 Work Avenue Campus, Ascent Bldg., Koramangala Ind. Layout, 
Jyoti Nivas College Road, Koramangala, Bangalore-560095 
Ph: (91-80) 6824 3333 Fax: (91-80) 6824 3001  
Email ID: corporateaffairs@teamlease.com 
                                                                                      Website: https://group.teamlease.com  
                                                                     Business Portal: https://www.teamlease.com 
 
 
November 08, 2025 
 
To 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 539658 
To 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: TEAMLEASE 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
          Sub:  TeamLease Services Limited (TeamLease/Company) - Transcript of Q2’FY26 Earnings Call    
                            
          Ref:  Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
  
With reference to the above-mentioned subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI LODR 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of Q2’FY26 Earnings Call hosted on Wednesday, 
November 05, 2025, at 05:00 P.M. IST. The same is available on the website of the Company at 
https://group.teamlease.com/investor/earning-call-transcript/. 
 
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015. 
 
 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For TeamLease Services Limited 
  
 
Alaka Chanda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
 
Alaka 
Chanda
Digitally signed 
by Alaka Chanda 
Date: 2025.11.08 
14:07:33 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“TeamLease Services Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, TEAMLEASE SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MS. RAMANI DATHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & 
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, TEAMLEASE SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MS. NEETI SHARMA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
(SPECIALIZED STAFFING), TEAMLEASE SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MR. NIPUN SHARMA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
(DEGREE APPRENTICESHIP), TEAMLEASE SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMIT CHANDRA – HDFC SECURITIES 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the TeamLease Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by HDFC Securities.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Amit Chandra: 
Thank you, operator. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of HDFC Securities, we welcome you 
all to the TeamLease Quarter 2 FY '26 Earnings Call. 
Today, we have with us the Management Team of TeamLease represented by Mr. Ashok Reddy 
– MD & CEO; Ramani Dathi – CFO & COO, Neeti Sharma – CEO (Specialized Staffing), Nipun 
Sharma – CEO (Degree Apprenticeship). 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Ashok Reddy for the opening remarks, post which we will 
open the floor for the question-answer session. Thank you and over to you, Ashok. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Thank you, Amit. And good evening and thank you all for joining the call. 
We had a consistent quarter for the company. We closed Q2 with a net addition of over 7,000 
headcount, and had net headcount growth in all the three employment BUs. While the quarter-
on growth in headcount was 3% at the company level, the total operating and total revenue 
growth was 5%, respectively, leading to a 24% growth in EBITDA and a 10% growth in PBT. 
We added over 140 new logos in the quarter.  
Specific to staffing: 
In Q2, we saw the recovery in employment coming to play out, though the pace remains uneven 
across sectors. The combined impact of the fiscal and monetary policy tailwinds and the GST 
2.0 rollout led to some green shoots in the manpower buildup for the festive season. We closed 
the quarter with a net headcount addition of over 8,000, representing a 3% quarter-on-quarter 
growth. Notably, around 23% of these additions came from new client acquisitions, highlighting 
our ability to win new business and convert it into deployable headcount. 
Revenue momentum remained robust, supported by solid execution and volume growth. Across 
verticals, BFSI remains in transition following the hiring slowdown through FY '25 due to 
regulatory curbs on unsecured lending. Q2 FY '26 showed early signs of stabilization. Several 
banks and NBFCs resumed controlled hiring, particularly in Tier 2 and 3 locations and in 
frontline roles across sales, collections, etc. While overall hiring volumes remain below prior 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
peaks, we expect a more broad-based recovery in the quarters ahead, subject to no new directives 
from the RBI for the NBFC sector.  
In the consumer business, a combination of FMCG, durables, retail, and e-commerce, the semi-
urban and rural markets provided resilience despite continued pressure from weak urban demand 
and unseasonal weather affecting the FMCG sales. E-commerce and logistics or short-term 
staffing increases linked to the festive season volumes, though growth continues to be more 
measured. 
While the consumer firms have seen some immediate uptake, they expect the benefits of GST 
2.0 rollout to play out in a bigger way in the medium-term to long-term. In telecom, while the 
focus is shifting to growth through technology-driven leverage and productivity, we continue to 
see targeted expansion of manpower in areas such as frontline sales and network management. 
In summary, for staffing, in Q2 we saw a mixed bag of sectoral growth. Our sales continued 
with us closing the quarter with over 37 new logo sign-ups. 67% of these came on variable 
markup. On the hiring front, for the quarter we had delivered over 20,000 new joinees, which is 
17% higher than last quarter, and 23% of them were hired through our non-recruiter channel. 
23% of the overall 70,000-plus growth, joinees in the quarter are first-time employees. 
Our commitment to operational excellence continues to yield positive results. Our business 
strategy of driving optimization and leverage led to the FTE productivity improvement to 382, 
enabling us to manage the headcount growth without additional overhead and team growth. 
As we move into Q3, we expect some of the more muted sectors to accelerate. In conclusion, 
we have delivered year-on-year on our growth in our general staffing business. This quarter, 
despite some sectors being muted, we have over 20,000-plus open positions. Our continued 
focus on driving productivity, especially in sales and hiring, combined with the momentum we 
are seeing from our digital transformation, gives us strong conviction about the year ahead. 
Thank you. And with that, I'd like to hand over to Neeti. 
Neeti Sharma: 
Thanks, Ashok. Good evening, everyone. 
On the frontline staffing front, while the IT hiring environment continues to remain selective 
and cautious, we have seen positive momentum in hiring from Tier 2 IT services companies, 
GCCs, and few product companies. With a net headcount addition of about 300 hires, we have 
had a quarter-on-quarter sequential growth of 18% and a 17% year-on-year growth.  
We have onboarded 21 new logos in the last quarter, a combination of GCCs, IT services 
companies, and many new industries focusing on digital transformation. Our delivery efficiency 
and cost management has helped us sustain gross margins. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Our GCC segment continues to be a core growth engine, contributing to about 62% of overall 
net revenue. We currently engage with over 90 GCCs across life sciences, pharma, telecom, 
consulting, engineering, BFSI, consumer, and IT sectors through various models such as bot, 
staffing, and FTE hiring. We are expanding actively within Tier 2 GCCs and regional hubs as 
well, leveraging our transition models and our data-led account management framework. 
Recruiter productivity continues to improve sequentially, powered by automation-led hiring 
systems, analytic dashboards, and focused recruiter enablement programs. We also enhance 
sourcing efficiency and fulfillment turnaround times across key verticals, driving higher hiring 
velocity. 
Our global business contributed a net revenue of about 4% in the last quarter and has become 
EBITDA positive. Synergies between India delivery and global operations have created an 
integrated consulting-led starting approach, opening new revenue streams and offshore delivery 
opportunities for us. 
While the broader IT hiring market remains uneven, our focus strategy on Tier 2 IT companies, 
expanding GCCs and non-tech digital transformation along with global scale is actually helping 
us grow and keep our sustained growth. We expect continued momentum in new client 
acquisitions, improved margin trajectory, and deeper penetration in global markets as we enter 
the second half of FY '26. 
Thank you. And with this, I would like to hand it over to Nipun. 
Nipun Sharma: 
Thank you, Neeti. 
The government's renewed focus on skilling and vocational education continues to be 
encouraging. Apprenticeships are getting momentum with NSDC data showing an 18% annual 
growth in apprentice adoption over the past three years. At TeamLease degree apprenticeship, 
we believe the answer to India's skill gap lies in formal, work-relevant education funded by 
industry and delivered through structured apprenticeships. 
Our programs span NAPS, NATS and Work Integrated Learning Programs and we partner with 
22 universities to offer degrees, diplomas and short-term certifications across both white and 
blue-collar roles. In Quarter 2, TeamLease degree apprenticeship added about 2,600 apprentices 
across NAPS, NATS and WILP and there was an increase in operational PAPM by Rs. 11. 
19 new logos were added during the quarter and 22% of the total client base has fully adopted 
learning solutions. This adoption reflects the tangible impact learning has on improving 
productivity, reducing attrition and enhancing apprentice engagement. 
On product innovation and pipeline, our key focus this quarter has been monetizing our 
apprenticeship linked product lines, including Managed Training Services or MTS for 
companies building entry-level talent pipelines. The market response has been encouraging. We 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
continue our outreach with events and roadshows to advocate for degree apprenticeships as a 
sustainable talent strategy. These efforts led to active engagement from 71 clients and prospects 
in Q2. 
I also want to briefly touch upon the policy statements. The amendments introduced to the 
Apprenticeship Act in September represent a significant policy advancement for the promotion 
of degree apprenticeships. These divisions formally recognize degree apprenticeships within the 
framework of the act and include provision of a tripartite agreement among the employer, 
apprentice and the academic institution, thereby addressing the earlier omission of the academic 
body as a key stakeholder. This development also ensures closer alignment with the 
Apprenticeship Embedded Degree Program, or AEDP, guidelines issued by the University 
Grants Commission.  
Looking ahead, we are witnessing growing interest in education-integrated apprenticeships and 
work integrated learning programs across industries. Electronics and automotive sectors 
continue to demonstrate strong growth potential. Among emerging opportunities, the adoption 
of apprenticeships within the Global Capability Center, or GCC, and the renewable energy sector 
is gaining traction to strengthen future current pipelines. Additionally, sustained momentum in 
apprenticeship intake across hospitality, retail, logistics, healthcare, BFSI and capital goods 
sectors is expected to continue, driven by consistent sectoral expansion and workforce demand. 
Thank you. And with that, I would like to hand it over to Ramani. 
Ramani Dathi: 
Thank you, Nipun. Good evening, everyone. 
Our group revenue increased 5% Q-o-Q with a corresponding EBITDA growth of 24%. We have 
added net 11,000 billable headcount in the quarter, including 320 net additions in specialized 
staffing business. EBITDA on year-on-year basis grew 25%, backed by strong contributions 
from GCC, as well as cost optimization measures at group level. Inorganic contribution to Y-o-
Y EBITDA is about 5%. 
On a half-yearly basis, both PBT and PAT grew by 20% Y-o-Y. DSO in Staffing business stands 
at 7 days and the overall grew at 15 days. Funding exposure in the Staffing business is maintained 
at 14% and free cash balance stands at Rs. 320 crores. All balance sheet metrics are stable and 
steady, and we can now move to specific questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Deep Shah from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Deep Shah: 
Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. The first question is on the comment made in the 
opening remarks that 23% of the gross hires that we did this quarter were from fresh clients. So, 
would it be fair to assume that most of these would be on a percentage-fee model and not a fixed-
fee model? In that lens, could you also help us understand what the PAPM was and how it has 
moved from the past quarter? So, that's first. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Second, the EBITDA growth that we see at the company level is, of course, welcome. But 
what I probably what I am able to see is the general staffing business still continues to perform 
in a benign fashion and a lot of this EBITDA improvement is coming from overhead. So, any 
broad qualitative guidance would be useful as to when do we see general staffing also reach a 
double-digit bandwidth growth in actual EBITDA terms. 
 
And third, on the other HR piece, so it's kind of a similar question that revenue growth, we have 
been able to deliver, but then the required op level has still not coming in. So, where do you 
think, it is all because of ed-tech or do you think there are some other areas where we are still 
investing and that op lev will take some more time to be seen in profits? Thank you. 
Ramani Dathi: 
Deep, let me start with the second question first on the EBITDA front. Yes, you are right, for 
this quarter, as far as staffing is concerned, there is only a linear improvement in EBITDA in 
line with the revenue growth. And overall contribution has come from cost optimization that has 
been driven at group level across as well as improvement in billing for ed-tech business. Having 
said that, with all the costs in our staffing business also, like all fixed costs have been fully 
absorbed, incrementally there will be an improvement. And on a full year basis, we will get to a 
double-digit growth on EBITDA in staffing. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Also on the earlier question, the new logo sign-ups and two-thirds of them coming on variable 
mark-up. Most of the variable mark-up clients are relatively the smaller clients. So that doesn't, 
per se, move the PAPM. The 23% of the growth coming from new clients is driven by a few 
clients mostly on a fixed mark-up, who kind of give us the volumes at that end. So, on a broader 
basis, I think we have held the PAPM, it hasn't reduced or gone up substantially. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Deep, you are not audible. 
Deep Shah: 
Yes, sure. On the other HR piece, so do we see continued investment there or the op level is only 
around the corner before which it also starts to contribute to profitability?  
Ashok Reddy: 
There is no increased expenditure at this point. So, I think we are optimally costed and invested 
for the businesses. Now, the element of the product go-lives and sales improvement will start 
reducing the aspect of investment. 
Deep Shah: 
Understood. So tepid performance on the profit front is only because of seasonality and second 
half would see that turn around, that would be a fair assessment? 
Ramani Dathi: 
Yes, so it would take two more quarters for the HR-tech business to get into a sizable number 
both in terms of revenue as well as bottom line contribution, because right now the investment 
that is going in is mainly in terms of sales. The CapEx investments are already done, it's only 
sales and marketing that would continue for another two quarters for us to see an improvement 
in the revenue for HR-tech. 
Deep Shah: 
Fair, understood. Thank you, thank you so much. All the best. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
Yes, sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just in continuation in terms of the margins for the 
general staffing business. Obviously, we are seeing some revival in terms of the gross additions 
there, both in the general staffing and the apprenticeship business. But if I see in terms of the 
absolute EBITDA also, it has been more or less constant over the last like many quarters now. 
 
And in terms of the margins also, it has been trending downwards from 1.2% to now 1%. And 
we have been doing all the right things in terms of focusing on more, like, increasing the mark-
ups, focusing on more contracts where it's more like variable markup, but it's not showing up in 
the margins. And also, I think in terms of the mix, how it's changing versus Tier 1 and Tier 2 
and how the PAPMs are different there.  
 
And also, if you can give some comment on the vertical mix, how the vertical mix has been 
changing? You mentioned that the BFSI has been recovering. So if you can comment whether 
we have seen the full impact of the recovery in the quarter or maybe the full impact will be 
visible in the next quarter. And also, how do you see the manufacturing, the vertical panning out 
and the contribution from manufacturing on the general staffing? 
Ramani Dathi: 
Hi Amit. Before Ashok comments on the vertical front, firstly on the margins. Yes, general 
staffing plus DA put together, right now our absolute margins are also flat. But again, as I 
mentioned earlier, now that the fixed costs are absorbed, incrementally there will be an 
improvement in absolute profits in general staffing business as well. With the combination of 
operating leverage, new products and also DA being a higher margin business compared to 
staffing, so that contribution is also now steadily improving. 
 
And next year, we will see the impact of the variable markup sign-ups that we are doing. Like 
right now, almost 60% to 65% of all new sign-ups that we are doing are on variable markup. In 
year one, whether it's fixed markup or variable markup, the translation of PAPM will be the 
same in year one. And the kicker comes in the following year with salary escalation. 
 
Also, we will be focusing more on building the long tail with growth accounts, means the smaller 
accounts where the PAPM is relatively much higher, it's almost 2x, 3x of what a large client 
typically would get the PAPM. So now we are building a specialized focused approach on 
building this long tail and also self-service to smaller accounts. So that will also contribute to 
our margin expansion in general staffing. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Also, Amit, I think as we called out, I mean, there's a diverse element of sectoral play on demand 
and hiring that has been playing out. I mean, we have looked at saying we address all sectors, 
all companies, and all requirements. So, irrespective of a headwind or a tailwind, we kind of 
work with the corporates. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
I think the expectation, like I called out, we have over 20,000 plus open positions across sectors 
at this point in time. Some of the sectors that had slowed down in hiring on the banking side are 
back at the table, some of the FMCG, FMCD that had gone slow on account of the extended 
monsoon and stuff are slowly coming back into the market. Some of the festival hiring will drop 
off as we go forward. I mean, obviously, any RBI guidelines towards the NBFC sector could be 
headwinds that come in as we kind of experience that. 
 
But I think, overall, there is the element of demand across sectors that is at the table that is 
moving, including manufacturing. And we believe our delivery to the open positions has also 
improved considerably. I think the whole element of a partnership, which is what we call non-
recruiter channel, as a variable lever to deliver to open positions and stuff has also been playing 
out. 
 
So I think, overall, we are more optimistic that the demand position in the next two quarters will 
be more positive than it was in the first two quarters. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And in terms of the specialized staffing, obviously, we are seeing some recovery there. 
And it's being led by GCCs. But ex of GCCs, are you also seeing some recovery in the IT services 
hiring there in terms of the global expansion? 
Neeti Sharma: 
Hi, Amit. Neeti here. So yes, apart from GCCs, some hiring is happening on the Tier 2 IT 
services companies, and that's where we are seeing addition. Tier 1 services companies, we 
haven't seen much change over the last few quarters, but Tier 2 services companies and GCCs 
are actually taking our growth to where it is right now. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And like one question on the tax issue and the clearance that we got from the High Court 
of Madras on the PF issue. If you can elaborate like what exactly is the status and have we done 
any like provisioning there? And is there any like chances of reversals in the coming quarters? 
Ramani Dathi: 
So, there is no reversal that has to be made in this regard, Amit, because we have received all 
refunds. So even for those years that the department has gone for a litigation, so they have 
already cleared all the refunds. And the question as we stated earlier is mainly on account of 
whether the benefit should go to the legal employer or principal employer. So those kind of 
questions. Otherwise, the rest of like how we have computed the 80JJAA benefit on what 
associate, what number we have taken on all those calculations, so we got, I mean, fully cleared 
by the department. And this is the first year, assessment year 2017-'18 where we got a favorable 
quashing from the High Court. So, this also sets the tone for the following years as well. So, as 
far as accounting is concerned, there is no reversal or any incremental provision to be made in 
the books. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, thank you and all the best. 
Ramani Dathi: 
Thank you. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sujit Jain from Bajaj Life Insurance. Please 
go ahead. 
Sujit Jain: 
Hi, a few questions. A, PAPM broadly constant for last four or five years, could there be finally 
a scope of that going up? B, your medium-term operating profit growth guidance was, you can 
correct me, but was a good healthy number of 25%-30%, does it stand? And do you give an 
explicit FY '26 overall group level OP growth guidance? The productivity which is mentioned 
at 382 is it peaking out or with agentic AI tools, etc., you can take it higher further? 
 
And finally, one of the competitors has clocked almost double the margins that we clocked in 
specialized staffing this quarter. Obviously, their GCC mix is 10% higher. Directionally, can we 
also head higher further in specialized staffing operating profit margin? Thank you. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Yes. So just on the PAPM front, I think it's a weighted average coming from our large, medium, 
and small customers. Like we had always called out, the large customers have been growing 
larger and they are the ones who typically are at the lowest PAPM. But I think our focus of trying 
to get variable markup model in place and some element of a higher traction of customers in the 
medium and small who pay a higher PAPM has what has been kind of holding the PAPMs, per 
se. 
 
I think to some extent, while we work the models to get more customers in the medium and 
small, the variable and the higher paying customers, the growth of the large customers is really 
what kind of leads the PAPM to kind of be stable. So I think to some extent, holding it stable is 
an important variable for us. We will work to improving it, but growth here is really what stymies 
that. 
 
On the productivity front of the FTE ratio, I think we continuously see progress and movement 
for improving it further as a function of implementing technology, AI tools, various other 
optionalities that come in as we work with customers. So I think there's a continuous project 
internally of trying to deliver to more volume and more growth with the same headcount that we 
have. 
 
On the recruiter front, we have not been increasing headcounts internally in the last two years. 
On the margin front of the specialized staffing business, we do not do firm hiring, we only do 
the staffing side in our specialized staffing business. While there is an element of margin 
improvement that comes to play as GCC share goes up, I think doubling it is unlikely, but we 
will work to improving it. 
Sujit Jain: 
Sure. And one question is on, could there be a light at the end of the tunnel, as in, for the Social 
Security Bill 2020, post Bihar election there is no election calendar for one year. What's your 
sense? Could India finally see that happening or it's very difficult? 
Ashok Reddy: 
I think just with the element of the tariff play and how the impact of that, there's been some 
urgency in government quarters to work on various aspects of the laws, whether we call it 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
decrim, dereg, simplification, and other areas. So, I think there is a sense of urgency at the 
government that they need to work on ease of doing business front by simplifying, rationalizing, 
digitizing various laws and compliances. But while there is an urgency, difficult to put a time 
frame around when it would happen. 
Sujit Jain: 
Sure. And a an answer to this question that 30% aspirational opening profit growth over medium 
term, does that goal remain? 
Ashok Reddy: 
I do not have guidance really, Sujit. But I think broadly what we are seeing is we would like our 
profit growth to be higher than our revenue growth, primarily because there is the economies of 
scale and a portfolio play coming to the table. 
Sujit Jain: 
So directionally, this company would be like a healthy, double-digit, high-teen kind of EBITDA 
or CAGR company? That's my last question. Thank you. 
Ashok Reddy: 
It should be. Aspirationally, that's what it is. 
Sujit Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Arnav Sakhuja from Ambit Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. So in your introduction statement, you were mentioning 
something about a policy statement within the degree apprenticeship space. So could you just 
give a bit more detail into this? 
Nipun Sharma: 
See, the government has introduced amendments in the month of September on the 
Apprenticeship Act. So the first basic thing they have done is that they have revised the stipend 
levels. They were as low as Rs. 5,000, which has gone to Rs. 6,800, and at a higher level from 
Rs. 9,000 to Rs. 12,300. 
 
One very important thing which has happened from our perspective is the formal recognition of 
degree apprenticeships, finally, and the inclusion of the academic institution in the tripartite 
agreement. I think from the inclusivity perspective, also people with disability, they have also 
been included. And only once a company does not find the people, then they can go for normal 
apprenticeships. 
 
Another thing which the government has introduced is the concept of multiple apprenticeships. 
So now a young person can do two apprenticeships, provided there is a minimum gap of one 
year. So these are some of the things which have been done. Also, one interesting development 
which was long demanded was on remote and virtual apprenticeships through training, virtual 
training, so that has also been included. And all these changes come into effect from 11th of 
September, 2025. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
So this should give us boost, and some of these demands that are long pending from the industry. 
And overall, the apprenticeship ecosystem should get a big boost from these interventions by 
the government. 
Arnav Sakhuja: 
Okay, thank you for answering that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nitin from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes, hi, good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. Ashok, based on what you said, is it fair 
to assume that from a revenue headwind perspective or deceleration perspective, that has sort of 
bottomed out and directionally things look broadly better across the three businesses? 
Ashok Reddy: 
Yes. So I think specific to DA, we had already called out that with the exit of the NEEM numbers 
and the overall scheme playouts, we were on a net positive growth that would kind of continue 
to play out. So, I think the historical impact of NEEM is fully factored. The sales team has been 
working to get new accounts and the account mining going, and we have been net positive 
consistently. 
 
On the specialized staffing front also, I think while there was an impact from the service Tier-1 
companies decelerating and to some extent the aspect of it being substituted by GCCs, we have 
had a quarter, two quarters now of consistent headcount growth, net headcount growth, and we 
see that continuing to play out as we go forward. 
 
The general staffing business has been positive on a broader sense. Like I called out earlier also, 
we do have the demand on new hires and new signups continuing to play out. Subject to all 
things being status quo, we do think all three businesses have hit the bottom and will kind of 
continue to grow. The only variable that we see is any new guideline or government notifications 
that come to play depending on sectors or specific to time. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Do you see anything specific on the annual that worries you from that perspective on the 
notifications or anything? 
Ashok Reddy: 
I mean, nothing specific, I mean, like last -- 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
It's more like a black swan event. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Sorry, come again? 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
More like a black swan event, so unless there is something -- 
Ashok Reddy: 
I wouldn't call it black swan event. I do think that government has been giving incremental 
notifications on a continuous basis, some way or the other. So anything of that sort coming to 
play is really where I would be watchful about. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. And I think we have been talking about variable markups for smaller clients, sort of a 
reasonable portion of the new client additions. Now, has that sort of changed our overall variable 
markup percentage on the overall business? 
Ashok Reddy: 
It would not really. Like I called out earlier, Nitin, it would not move the needle that much, 
primarily like the variable markup and the smaller clients give us nearly 3x, 3.5x of the PAPM 
that the large clients give. The volume growth really comes from the large clients. From that 
perspective, it bridges the gap to some extent, but it will not tilt the scale. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
It will not tilt the scale. Perfect. And see, considering the industry has gone through this dynamic 
of high-volume clients having flattish PAPMs, I mean, flattish or fixed markups. Do you think 
at some point the industry moves to some kind of a hybrid markup model or annual escalation 
on markups? Or you think considering it's just so fragmented, it's very difficult to really even 
for that to happen over a period of time? Because we see organization increasing over time. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Yes. No, no, I mean, I think with the fragmentation, it is difficult. But I mean, it's our constant 
endeavor to work with corporates to ensure that we are negotiating the price or looking at 
alternate offerings that we can take to the table that they buy into, so that it compensates on the 
element of realization and stuff of that sort. But I think the pure fragmentation of the market is 
really what puts the pressure on an annual high kind of transition to variable. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. And one last question for Ramani. Ramani, on the ed-tech business, or rather HR Services 
business, you mentioned that there will be investment for another two quarters. So, you think 
the usual fourth quarter seasonal bump that we see on the margin side may not happen this time? 
Or how should we think about it? 
Ramani Dathi: 
No, Nitin. So the investment is only in one segment of HR Services which is HCMR, HR Tech 
business vertical and they are also largely into sales, it's part of our operating expense only, it's 
nothing incremental as such. And ed-tech business will continue to have the seasonality like 
higher billing and higher profit contribution in Q3 and Q4, so that would continue into this year 
as well, there is no change on that front. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Perfect, very helpful, thank you so much and all the best. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global, please 
go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, a couple of questions. First on the general staffing business, 
headcount growth seems to be picking up but it is still lower than what we used to see in the past 
few years. So if you can provide some sense, do you expect now it to see acceleration into H2. 
Partly, you answered, but I just want to get more clarity about vertical-wise, if you can provide 
some color, whether composition of associate across vertical could be PAPM driver kind of 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
thing, expansion in PAPM, because across vertical, PAPM varies. So whether we are making 
any specific effort to drive that mixing-led PAPM uptake going forward. 
 
Last question is on EBITDA growth, I think last quarter, you indicated about full year 30% 
growth to sustain across quarters. H1, we are at around 24%-25% growth, are we confident to 
deliver 30% EBITDA growth for the year? Thanks. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Okay. So I think on the headcount growth and open positions, Dipesh, we are primarily driven 
by as we call out the play-out of the sectors in terms of their employment and their demand. And 
as I had called out, there has been a tepid but a more positive element of demand play out that 
has happened. 
 
I mean, Q4 last year saw comprehensive reduction in demand. From Q1 onwards, we have seen 
some of it come back in the banking sector, the FMCG, FMCD was muted. The GST reform is 
expected to create more demand in the consumer side. So I think from that perspective, how the 
global the macro factors play out to industries is really the driver on the employment demand 
and what gets outsourced. 
 
We do believe that the demand is slowly picking up. It's not as aggressive as it was last year or 
the year before, but it is definitely more positive and we believe that that will continue to play 
out subject to no externality. 
 
The second element, the element of the PAPM is not so much a sectoral play as much as the size 
of the corporate. So I think across sectors, if there are small companies or small volume 
deployments, the realizations are higher. As the volume deployment increases, the PAPMs tend 
to reduce. So while the growing clients, the high-volume clients do tend to grow faster, we have 
been complementing that with some of the medium and smaller clients with higher PAPMs. That 
kind of factors the stabilization of the PAPM, per se. 
Ramani Dathi: 
On EBITDA, this year at the current growth, we should be maintaining a 25% year-on-year 
growth by end of the year. Until and unless there is any other, as Ashok called out earlier, any 
policy change impact or anything else that happens, so we should be able to meet that. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understood, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Ashok Reddy for closing comments. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Thank you very much. Like I said earlier, I think we have had a consistent quarter. All three 
employment businesses have had net growth. We do have a healthy demand pipeline and 
customer acquisition that we are seeing, which should enable us to continue the consistent 
delivery on revenue growth and EBITDA growth over the coming quarters. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
November 05, 2025 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
I think also, the various initiatives on technology and productivity gain improvements should 
continue to play out for us to be able to handle the growth that comes in future with the same 
headcounts that we have. On the HR Services side also, as Ramani had called out earlier, capital 
investments are lastly done. We have the operational investments going on, which should start 
to show results in the coming quarters. 
 
Thank you for your support and we look forward to delivering continued performance in the 
coming quarters. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of HDFC Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
