 
 
 
 
 
Registered Oﬃce: 502, Wing-A, Shree Nand Dham, Sector 11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai 400614 Maharashtra, India 
Corporate Oﬃce: 6th Floor, Wing-A, Shree Nand Dham, Sector 11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai 400614 Maharashtra, India 
+91 22 6266 1111       Info@markolines.com       www.markolines.com
CIN: L99999MH2002PLC156371 (Formerly Markolines Traﬃc Controls Ltd.)
20th November, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400001. 
 
 
 
Kind 
attention: 
Department 
of 
Corporate Services. 
 
BSE Scrip ID: 543364, 
BSE Script Code: MARKOLINES 
To, 
National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind attention: Listing Dept. 
 
 
NSE Symbol: MARKOLINES 
 
Sub: Transcript of Post Earnings Conference call with Analyst / Investors held 
on 18th November, 2025 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Post Earnings 
Conference Call for unaudited financial results for quarter ended 30th September, 2025, 
held on 18th November, 2025 at 12:30 p.m. (IST). 
 
The transcript will also be available on the Company's website at www.markolines.com 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
 
For Markolines Pavement Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sanjay Patil 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 00229052 
 
SANJAY 
BHANUDAS PATIL
Digitally signed by SANJAY 
BHANUDAS PATIL 
Date: 2025.11.20 17:50:04 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
Markolines Pavement Technologies 
Q2 and H1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 18, 2025 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call for Q2 
and H1 FY '26 for Markolines Pavement Technologies Limited. 
Today, on the call from the Management Team, we have with us Mr. Vijay Oswal, Founder and 
Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Vijay Oswal has over 3 decades of experience across infrastructure, 
finance, manufacturing and international business. He has been one of the guiding forces 
behind Markolines' growth through sharp business acumen and strategic planning. 
At this point, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. Later we will conduct question 
and answer session. At that time, you may click on the Q&A tab to ask live questions. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded.  
I would now like to request Mr. Vijay Oswal, Founder and Chief Financial Officer, to run us 
through the presentation for the quarter and half ended 30th September 2025 and the growth 
plan and vision for the coming year. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Yes. Thank you, Yashashri, and thank you, everybody, for being here on this earnings call for 
Markolines. Let's begin with it. So, Markolines Pavement Technologies Limited, so as far as 
management goes, this year has been a year of sure activities, certain important things have 
happened, some milestones that we have achieved like right from shifting us from ourselves 
from SME to the Mainboard BSE. Subsequently, we also are listed now on NSE Mainboard. As 
informed earlier, we have already announced the merger for the Markolines Infra with 
Markolines Pavement. 
As of now after the end of this Quarter 2, we are starting our season because for us, Q3 and 
Q4 are important. After the monsoon, we see a very good opportunity. We have got a lot of 
work at hand. We are also expecting a few more large-sized orders, which will be announced 
as soon as we have received them. Very soon, we will come up. And we are hoping for a good 
season in H2. And we, as management, we remain committed to delivering the performances, 
enhancing operational efficiencies and maintaining the financial discipline. 
So, the order book, strong order book and our client relationship, which is established over 2.5 
decades enable us to be leaders. And definitely, we will keep up to the expectations what we 
have been committed. Now about the Markolines, we were founded for those who are new, 
we were founded in 2002 with a single product of road marking that is how our name comes 

 
Page 2 of 10 
as Markolines. Subsequently, by adding various portfolios to our product line, we have become 
India's largest maintenance company in the highway sector. 
We are the only company who has a support technology center where we have an R&D facility 
wherein practically every batch or every work that we conduct on site is being tested and 
monitored through a central lab at Mumbai. Then we are the only and first highway O&M 
company to be listed on BSE and SME with a pan-India presence. Now as our journey goes from 
2002 when we started 2009, we started -- after the road marking, we started as an outsourcing 
agency in 2009. And thereafter, we have been growing ever then. And there is no looking back. 
After starting in 2009, 2014 was the first place where we added maintenance services, then we 
added micro-surfacing. We as management, have always believed in the innovation and 
technology, we have given lots of first-time technologies to be used in the highway 
maintenance in India, such as micro-surfacing. We changed the complete market scenario by 
creating the name that micro-surfacing has. Then subsequently, we introduced the micro-
surfacing with fiber. Then we also introduced something called a CIPR Cold In Place Recycling. 
And then we started with FDR, then the rigid pavement, tunneling and all of that. 
And today, we stand here being listed on both the exchanges, NSE as well as BSE. So, this 
company, Markolines is led by our Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Sanjay Patil and 
myself. Both of us are basically engineers. We have been together for more than 3 decades 
into the business and in this business also for the last 24 years. Then we also have a capable 
leadership at the helm with technical and very qualified and experienced people from the 
industry like Mr. Praveen Panchal, Mr. Nagarkar and Anil Nikam, who is our CEO, who has 
joined this year. 
As far as our business goes, our business is divided into 3 verticals: highway maintenance, 
specialized maintenance services and specialized construction services. Now just to quickly 
take you through the services. In highway maintenance, we do a lot of preventive maintenance 
activities like micro-surfacing, crack sealing, slurry sealing, et cetera. Then major maintenance 
and repairs, this is basically roads are susceptible because of the traffic to the wear and tear. 
So, they need to be maintained and overhauled every 5 to 7 years, wherein the complete -- a 
new layer of 40 mm of bituminous concrete has to be laid over the existing road to achieve or 
maintain the riding quality, that is rigid maintenance. 
And rigid pavement is basically now as we are seeing that concrete roads are increasing, 
concrete roads are called as rigid pavements because they are not flexible like bituminous. And 
we also provide various services for maintenance of rigid pavement also. Then under the 
specialized maintenance activities, we do conduct two major activities like micro-surfacing and 
CIPR, Cold In Place Recycling. 

 
Page 3 of 10 
Micro-surfacing is basically a lamination of road, which prevents water to enter the road 
surface and avoids damages to the basic infrastructure of road or foundation. And CIPR is 
basically what you say, recycling of road wherein an equipment, train of equipment is passed 
over the bad road. It is excavated, mixed with the additives predefined. And it mixes again into 
the core equipment called as recycler. And then it is relaid and compacted and the complete 
new road is ready except the last course that is the top surfacing. 
Then as specialized construction services, we have entered recently about 2, 3 years first is 
tunneling, where we are conducting the conventional methodologic two tunnels, one in 
Maharashtra and one in Jammu Kashmir. And second is soil stabilization because lot of 
greenfield roads are coming wherein the roads passing through the fields, the soil strata is very 
soft. And then with the conventional method earlier we use to dig deeper. But now with the 
newer technology, what we can do is simply treat the soil with chemicals, harden the surface 
so that just by a top layer hardening, we can lay the road over that, which gives a good 
foundation for the road. So, these are various services. 
Now as far as our experience goes up till now, we have done more than 118 lakh square 
kilometers of micro-surfacing. We have done 5,000 plus kilometers of major maintenance. We 
as of today, we have about close to INR 400 crores of unexecuted order book and 1.37 lakh 
cubic meters of FDR and soil stabilization and about 200 kilometers of road recycling that is 
CIPR. 
As far as strength, our strength goes that we are one of the established enterprise in road 
infrastructure in India, strong portfolio, skilled workforce and in-house capabilities to conduct 
every activity that we do. And excellent relationship puts us as a preferred vendor amongst our 
clients. And then we are the one who provide end-to-end comprehensive tailor-made 
solutions, which definitely gives us the edge over the competitors. 
Now as far as if we were to really look at the weaknesses, then this basically, we are dependent 
on the workforce. Then we also are dependent some part of our portfolio comes from the 
government. Then because of the nature, cyclic operations and the short-term project life, we 
are basically high capital intensive. So, these are the weaknesses and opportunities. Now India 
is really growing in terms of infrastructure. We have the second largest infrastructure highway 
road infrastructure in the world. And we are also adding at a very fast pace -- even if you have 
to talk just national highway, we are adding about 35 kilometers per day of road to this. 
And increasing road length will obviously require the major maintenance as well as the other 
maintenances, and that gives us definitely an opportunity. Then the privatization is happening. 
It is increasing. The government is looking at monetizing the road assets by giving the rights for 
a limited period to the various financial institutes who have come in. And then for them, having 
not capable of having the technical expertise, outsourcing becomes obvious, and that is where 
lies the opportunity for us. 

 
Page 4 of 10 
Now fluctuating prices of the raw materials because we are dependent on the fuel or 
bituminous product and the natural disasters. But generally, we take care of both the low cost 
the fluctuating prices are being addressed always through the escalation clauses in all our 
contracts. Now I have already briefed that we have already migrated to the BSE Mainboard as 
well as NSE Mainboard and merger is going on. We shall be submitting some papers once the 
since we have declared the updated papers will be submitted to Exchange in next 10 days' time. 
Now as far as H1 goes, I will be definitely taking you through the details. We have given a good 
growth in terms of PAT. Earnings per share has also increased from -- to INR 1.70 from INR 0.98 
that gives about 74% of growth. Then we have sufficient work at hand, unexecuted order book 
and also working on an active pipeline of INR 600-plus crores. 
Now what are the advantages that we as a company have is basically working pan-India, we 
have an excellent regional and cultural understanding. We have the people who follow the 
strict SOPs and ethical practices, then we have a very experienced and integral team. Most of 
our top management people are the people who have been working with us for years together. 
And definitely, we are excellent in contingency and risk management. We are the company 
who are 100% compliance on the statutory requirements. 
Then latest technologies, I have explained, and I will be explaining also at various times. And 
our approach is always customer-centric and that is the reason we are one of the preferred 
vendor. We have the highest focus on health, safety, security and environment. In fact, we 
have been acknowledged for following the good HSSE practices various times. In one of our 
projects in Rajasthan, I remember that practically every the BOT operator or the fund, they 
have sent delegates to our project when we were doing one project in Rajasthan to see that 
the kind of -- the safety we had followed, the safety regulations and norms. And we have always 
been introducing newest technologies and the innovations, which keeps definitely us ahead. 
Now what are our key drivers is definitely, one is the market leadership, then a proven track 
record, experienced team. We have a robust business model. Definitely, we get the first-mover 
advantage because we have always been ahead in terms with the technology and innovation. 
And there are trends, which I explained are changing because of the new entrants of the 
financial institutes or funds into the India and the strong order book and growing potential. 
These are the real drivers for our growth and wherever we start. 
Now what do we see as our future, is basically definitely the client and the stakeholder 
satisfaction is definitely the first important to us. Then expanding the service offerings and 
giving the revenue growth, leveraging the core expertise and definitely, we have proven the 
leadership in the infra O&M. As far as our order book goes, we have as I explained, INR 400 
crores of unexecuted order book and an active pipeline of INR 600 crores. 

 
Page 5 of 10 
If you see the screen, this is practically a pan-India presence that we have, particularly except 
the Northeast, we are working across India. Every fund that has come to India or the top-notch 
BOT operators or the asset owners, you can see they are on our client list. We have been 
awarded for various -- our achievements and work  
we have done by our clients various times. And now just let me take you through the industry 
overview. Basically, we have a national highway network, which is really growing second 
largest. 
Even if you have to consider we have about close to 150,000 kilometers of the national 
highway. Then we are also growing the network every day. From 11 kilometers in 2014, today 
we are at about 34 kilometers per day building new highways. And as I explained, the 
investment monetization is happening by privatization of the projects. Just 2 days back, the 
latest TOT bundle was offered to IRB with about 8, 9 projects for INR 9,000-plus crores. 
So, as far as the government is concerned, they have been really very pro, the infrastructural 
development. After the Modi regime, we have really added a lot of things and a focus to the 
infrastructure industry. Mr. Gadkari, who has always been very keen in terms of removing all 
difficulties and giving us the world-class infrastructure. And a lot of projects have been awarded 
by the government across the countries, including the expressways, the national highways and 
a lot of the coastal highways, the BRO is working in the hilly region across the border for 
developing the highways in the border region also. And there is a lot of huge infrastructure 
work that is going on. So, this is all about what we are and what we do. 
Now let's look at the financials for Q2, INR 77.67 crores, which is about 39% higher than the 
last year of Q2. Then profitability has also increased by 27% approximately rise in EBITDA and 
69% growth in terms of PAT. We have given INR 4.08 crores of PAT. And the EPS has also grown 
to INR 1.70. That is also a growth about 73%. 
Now Q2 versus Q1, if I look both being into the monsoon zone, we have all done similar kind 
of performance with a slight definitely improvement in the Q2, a little bit of improvement, 
about 6%. The profitability also remains almost same with a slight growth of 7% over the last 
quarter. And the profitability also you can see. 
Now H1 '26 versus H1 '25, we have to see. There is a good growth over last year because the 
people who have been learning from our experiences that we have our business development 
and execution team has done good planning wherein we could achieve this growth of 42% over 
last half and about close to 40% increase in EBITDA and 90% growth in terms of the PAT and 
also the EPS. 
Now I have already explained the quarterly profit and loss statements, which are available on 
the net for you to look at the details, which will give us the synopsis what I have just now 

 
Page 6 of 10 
covered. And as we can see that we have given about 18% CAGR from '22 to '25 in terms of 
revenue, 25% CAGR growth in EBITDA, 26% growth in PBT, about 31% growth in terms of PAT. 
Balance sheet details are also there, which are available on this thing. Our shareholding pattern 
remains same as Q1, about 55% with the promoters and 45% with the investors and public. 
So, this is all about the Q2 performances and definitely the performance that we have given 
with the good order in hand, we expect definitely a very good upside from these results also in 
the Q3 and Q4, which will be also Q3 will be a step-up from Q2. And as usual, Q4 will add and 
definitely help us to achieve what we have targeted a good growth over last year. As we have 
already said, we are expecting at least 30% growth over last year. 
So, that's all about the financial performance, about the Q2 and H1 that we have recently 
closed. So, Yash, now we can start with the queries, Q&A, if we have from the people. 
Moderator: 
Certainly, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. To 
ask a question, please click on the Q&A tab on the panel and click on the Resend button. 
The operator will announce your name when it is your turn to ask a question. Please accept the 
prompt on your screen and unmute your microphone while proceeding with your question. 
You may post text questions as well. 
We will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We will take our first question 
from Rahul Kamdar from RK Consultancy. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Kamdar: 
So, basically, I just wanted to understand, sir, that since the numbers have been so strong and 
as explained by, sir, from FY '22 to FY '25, the CAGR growth has been so fantastic, okay? I 
wanted to understand that how we are looking at things from here, I mean, in terms of next 3 
to 5 years because there are enough growth triggers, the support from the government is very 
strong. The order book pipeline is very strong. And the way the industry is going and way the 
infra has been seen, many of the analysts and investors believe that we are in the right space 
and infra companies are going to just boom from here. 
So, I just wanted to understand your view from here on, specifically for Markolines as in how 
we can lead the industry? I mean, what's your view that how numbers will be better from here 
on, not only from Markolines' point of view, but how you will be able to go ahead than the 
industry? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay. So, thanks, Rahul. Nice question. The thing is that, see, there is a good growth in terms 
of infrastructure, there's a government focus. And as I've already explained that Markolines is 
one of the player who is always ready for offering anything and everything that clients require, 
keeping their only focus on the client satisfaction, now with the growth in the industry and 

 
Page 7 of 10 
secondly, we have also been very -- always ahead because of our 2 important things that is the 
innovation and technology addition in the maintenance space and because of that. 
And secondly, we just don't go with the clients' requirement. General practice what we follow 
is very often in the large tenders or the inquiries, we send our technical team to the site before 
we put our bid. And at times there are various times that we have always proposed the revised 
solutions or the comprehensive solutions wherein by taking a different approach and which 
could save some money and latest technology and better performance for the user. This is 
what has always kept us ahead of the competition. 
Now yesterday only I was going through the Cube Highways presentation, which they have 
made, who is one of our client and the largest portfolio holder in the industry. Now in their 
investor presentation also, they have mentioned that they have adopted a few new 
technologies. And I am really proud to say that we are the people who have helped them and 
suggested these technologies to them. This is what is definitely keeps us ahead in terms of 
industry. 
Now as far as growth goes, I have also said in my earlier presentation that we are looking more 
than 100% growth in coming 3 years. And we will also try to surpass that looking at the potential 
and the various opportunities that we are working on. As far as the performance is concerned, 
since technically, that way, the highway maintenance industry, there is nothing that we do as 
a rocket science, except other than getting the new technologies. So, volume is the game, but 
the potential is also increasing and the first-mover and leadership advantage, we are always 
there. So, we will definitely try to fill in our commitment rather we will try and surpass our 
commitments. And as I have already said in earlier this thing that with this skill set also now we 
are looking at the allied infrastructure industries also wherein we could add some more growth 
to the company. This is how I look at the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take one text question from Laxmikant Khanvilkar, an individual investor. 
The question is your company's EBITDA margin has declined. Why and what measures the 
company is taking to arrest the slide and possibly increasing going forward? What strategy the 
company has adopted or is devising to grow its operations? And have you issued any guidelines 
for the same? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay. So, Laxmikant Ji, the thing is that basically we being the service provider, our EBITDA 
margins, if you've seen the track record, they keep fluctuating because EBITDA margin varies 
because of the clients' requirement in terms of deploying the machinery. At various times, if 
the client ask for the specific machinery or the new equipments or the plants to be installed 
because of that, the cost, which is generally loaded to the client only. So, the EBITDA margins 
would vary because of the cost incurred in terms of depreciation as well as the interest. 

 
Page 8 of 10 
But by and large, the bottom line remains same. If you see our annual PBTs, they generally 
remain in the, say, a similar zone. That is how we work out because, by and large, we work with 
the client on a cost-plus basis model ensuring our returns. Now as far as increasing our bottom 
line, in my earlier presentation also, I have said that recently last 2, 3 years what we have added 
the new this thing to our portfolios like the specialized construction activities wherein we are 
definitely looking at increasing the bottom lines and which is visible also from our results, we 
are slowly increasing in terms of our net profitability. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Yashwanti K., an individual investor. What is our order 
book position? And when can we see accounting of it? 
Vijay Oswal: 
So, basically, as of today, 30th of the month, so our current unexecuted order book as of 30th 
September, we had an unexecuted order book, which is to be executed over from next 1, 1.5 
years is about INR 396 crores, and we are working on INR 600 crores of pipeline. Probably as 
short as this week, we will likely to come up with one major order disclosure, which we have 
already finalized and about to disclose. We are just expecting the formal award. So, this is the 
status of our order book, which is available on the official presentation on our website as well 
as BSE. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There is a text question from Yashwanti K, an individual investor. What is our 
working capital cycle? 
Vijay Oswal: 
So, working capital cycle keeps, by and large, though we say it is about 90 days, but on a few 
projects because of various things, generally, it lies about 90 to 120 days. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next text question is from Pranay Shah from Careon Capital. What would have 
been growth if we had not witnessed extended monsoon. Did we have any impact? 
Vijay Oswal: 
Yes, Pranay. As I said, this year, learning with the last years’ experience, we had already planned 
and there are 2 reasons where we have given better performance over last year. One, is 
basically we planned few orders where the work would not be affected through the monsoon 
because India is a very large country and very territorial. 
And second is the specialized construction activities like tunneling, which generally are not 
affected during the monsoon much. So, both these have helped us to achieve the growth over 
last year's H1 and particularly the extended monsoon. In fact, you can see that last year, our 
first half was suffered. But in spite of having the extended monsoon over last year also, we 
have given a good growth. We keep planning to our best of our capacity so that the monsoon 
doesn't affect us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next text question is from Shaurya Punyani from Arjav Partners. What kind of 
revenue growth we anticipate in FY '26 and FY '27. And what would drive such growth? 

 
Page 9 of 10 
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay. Shaurya, though I cannot say or specific numbers, but as I have already said that we are 
looking at good growth. We have been maintaining the same, this year, we are looking at about 
30% growth over last year, which we definitely see that it has underwent with the kind of work 
that we have and the opportunities we are working ahead. And definitely, as I have said that if 
I have to achieve a real good growth over next 3 years, we will be keeping the same pace of 
growth over at least next 3 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next text question is from Yashwanti K., an individual investor. What is your solo 
bidding capacity? 
Vijay Oswal: 
So, bidding capacity, normally it is very complexly calculated with the tender requirements. 
Generally, the bidding capacity goes mostly is a major criteria in terms of the government 
tenders. Otherwise, the performances or the credentials, credibility matters more in terms of 
the private players, wherein we have a really large portfolio out of the order book. As of now, 
I can in solo bid capacity, we can bid up to about INR 500 crores to INR 700 crores of work. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay, I think no more questions. 
Moderator: 
We will wait for few seconds. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
There is one question from Yashwanti K. What is our employee strength? 
Vijay Oswal: 
So, in Markolines Pavement, we have about over 250 people working. And as far as the labor 
that is required, we hire them on a contract basis as we keep moving the basis from places to 
places. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay 
Oswal, Founder and Chief Financial Officer, for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Thank you, everybody, for, first of all, being on this call and hearing us about us, what we are 
doing, how we are doing. And definitely, as I have already promised, we will keep up to all our 
commitments. At the close of this H1 and the monsoon period, we are really looking forward 
to a very good H2. And definitely, we will keep coming to you at a regular frequency with the 
updates. 
And definitely, we will keep the commitments, looking forward to a good growth and good 
relationship with all of you. If anybody has missed out on to any questions, if you have any 
further queries or concerns, you can always get in touch with our IR or you can definitely 
contact us directly through our website, and we will be happy to answer your queries and 

 
Page 10 of 10 
address the concerns. Looking forward to your relationship in future, too. Thank you very much 
once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Markolines Pavement Technologies Limited, 
that concludes today's session. Thank you for your participation. You may now click on the exit 
meeting to disconnect. Thank you once again. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Thank you Yash. 
Moderator: 
My pleasure, sir. 
Vijay Oswal: 
Thank you. 
 
