 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
1231, 3rd Floor, Solitaire Corporate Park, 167, Guru Hargovind Marg, Chakala, Andheri (East),  
Mumbai 400 093 I Tel.: +91 22 66919477/78 I CIN: L01110RJ2006PLC047173 I  
Web: www.bajajconsumercare.com 
Registered Office: Old Station Road, Sevashram Chouraha, Udaipur- 313 001, Rajasthan  
Tel.: +91 0294-2561631, 2561632 
                                       
 
           
 
 
 
November 14, 2025 
 
 
To: 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trade Wing 
Rotunda Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 023 
 
Stock Code: 533229 
To: 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block 
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
 
Stock Code: BAJAJCON 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Conference Call transcripts (Scrip Code: NSE: BAJAJCON BSE: 533229) 
 
Please find attached a copy of the Conference Call transcripts in respect of Bajaj 
Consumer Care Limited dated November 11, 2025. 
 
The same may please be taken on record and disseminated to all. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vivek Mishra 
Head-Legal & Company Secretary 
Membership No.: A21901 
 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 
Vivek 
Mishra
Digitally signed 
by Vivek Mishra 
Date: 2025.11.14 
13:24:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
Q2 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVEEN PANDEY, MANAGING DIRECTOR – BAJAJ 
CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
 
MR. DILIP KUMAR MALOO – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – BAJAJ CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
 
MR. AAKASH GUPTA – HEAD-FINANCE – BAJAJ 
CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DHIRAJ MISTRY – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
bajaj caNsuMrn cARE 
bajaj coNsuMER CARE 
i ICICI Securities 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Bajaj Consumer Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dhiraj Mistry from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Hi. Good morning, everyone. We welcome you on Bajaj Consumer 2Q FY '26 Earnings Call, 
and I would like to thank management to give this opportunity to host the call. We have with us 
Mr. Naveen Pandey, Managing Director; Mr. Dilip Kumar Maloo, CFO; and Mr. Aakash Gupta, 
Head - Finance. 
 
Over to you, Naveen, for your opening commentary. Thank you. 
Naveen Pandey: 
This conference call is pertaining to the results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. This 
was a good quarter for us, demonstrating early results of the actions initiated by us towards 
improving our revenue growth and margins. When viewed sequentially, it gives us the 
confidence to proceed on the path which we've charted for ourselves. 
 
On a standalone basis, the sales for the company stood at INR 241.6 crores, registering a growth 
of 7.2% on a Y-o-Y basis, whereas on the consolidated basis, the sales stood at INR 261.4 crores 
with a growth of 13.3%. 
 
The gross margin for the quarter on a standalone basis stood at 59.3%, registering a significant 
improvement of 680 basis points Y-o-Y. A series of structured interventions have helped us 
deliver this; namely strategic pricing, which was executed in Q1 and came into full effect in Q2; 
active change in portfolio mix and a series of productivity actions. 
 
EBITDA on a standalone basis for Q2 grew by 42% to deliver an absolute EBITDA of INR 49.6 
crores, which translated into margin of 20.5%, a 500 basis point movement over the same period 
last year. 
 
On a consolidated basis, our EBITDA grew by 45% to translate into a margin of 18.6%, which 
was also a 400-plus basis point improvement. Standalone PAT for Q2 stood at INR 43 crores 
with a margin of 17.8% and the consolidated PAT was INR 42.3 crores with a margin of 16.2%. 
 
This quarter also saw a strong recovery in our general trade channel, which registered a growth 
of 5% Y-o-Y, and it came on back of strong double-digit growth in urban. Both the key 
subchannels in urban, namely direct retail and wholesale have done well for us. 
 
In retail, we have got strong results on back of nearly 38,000-plus outlets getting added to our 
direct coverage over the past few quarters under the Project Aarohan. And in wholesale, we've 
fixed hygiene and discipline issues to a great extent, and the same is reflected in the steady 
revenues and strong growth for the subchannel. Rural business is still a work in progress for us, 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
where we are undergoing a GTM transition as the part of the overall Aarohan initiative. We 
expect rural to fully bounce back over the next couple of quarters. 
 
Organized trade registered a strong double-digit growth Y-o-Y in Q2 FY '26. Salience of this 
channel stood at 31%. Modern trade and e-commerce both grew very well in the strong 20s. And 
this performance was driven by very solid contribution across chains and supported by customer 
activation for festive sales. At a brand level, our revenues were supported in this channel by very 
strong performances on both ADHO and Bajaj CNO. 
 
In the subchannels of CSD and CPC, we witnessed a steep decline because of nearly 0 sales in 
the month of September, which came on back of the GST transition.  
In international business, we had a very poor quarter with revenues declining by 26% Y-o-Y. 
This was primarily because of our internal issues in transition of distributor in EMEA and some 
external bids in rest of world markets, namely U.S. and some of the others. 
 
In our core markets of Bangladesh, we registered a growth of 8% Y-o-Y. And in the market of 
Nepal, we had a temporary setback due to the political uncertainty and instability in the month 
of August and September. We expect Nepal to normalize very soon and this business to be back 
on track. 
 
Moving ahead, at a brand level, I'm very happy to share that ADHO has delivered a double-digit 
revenue growth in India, backed by the full effect of pricing changes reflected in this quarter and 
our initiatives on mix change and revenue management delivering very, very well for us. The 
volume growth on this brand was flattish. 
 
We saw a revival in the price point packs, which grew in high single digits. Price point packs 
are our sachets, which is a big mix for us as well as the price points of INR10 and INR20. And 
these packs combined grew in the high single digit, signaling a strong broad-based demand 
revival for us. The larger packs grew even faster at strong double digits. 
 
Our focus on supporting ADHO saw us investing over 2,100 GRPs with increased focus on 
prime time and top-rated show. This investment in GRP is nearly a 50% increase over the same 
period last month. In addition to this, we also doubled down on our investments behind digital 
marketing. 
 
And across platforms like YouTube, OTT, Connected TV and Meta, we run a very, very serious 
campaign, delivering over 22 crores impressions for us. Bajaj Coconut witnessed a muted 
quarter with 3% revenue growth in Q2. This was on account of reduced inputs and steep price 
hikes. 
 
While on a longer-term trend, we continue to gain market share in this category, we've seen a 
short-term decline in market share over the past few months. In this market, we've also witnessed 
a movement of consumers from pure CNO to VACNO, given the sharp prices which have 
happened in the CNO category. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
To capitalize on this trend, in September, we launched Bajaj Gold Enriched Coconut Hair Oil. 
This launch will help us have a portfolio approach to CNO business and will help us counter 
rising copra prices and manage profitability of the segment in a much better way. This launch 
was also one of the fastest ever by our team and gives us confidence in our ability to innovate 
and act fast. 
 
The Banjara's brand under Vishal Personal Care Limited registered a top line of INR 14.5 crores 
with 11.5% growth on a Y-o-Y basis. The EBITDA margin for this business remained in a very 
healthy mid-teens. For the post-merger integration, we had partnered with one of the leading 
consulting firms to help us design and integrate the operation. 
 
We had shared this with in the past quarter call. This exercise has now already started and is 
progressing very well. In one state, we had taken up a complete integration of our entire sales 
and distribution setup and the early signs from that state are very, very positive. We are seeing 
that this has benefited in terms of delta growth across both the Banjara's as well as the BCCL 
portfolio. 
 
This quarter was also marked by government's announcement of the landmark GST 2.0 measure, 
a portfolio which a pivotal step towards enhancing affordability and increasing consumers' 
purchasing power, laying the foundation for very strong consumption and demand acceleration 
for the overall economy. 
 
With this change, I'm happy to report that BCCL's nearly 100% portfolio is now at 5%. Only 
Banjara's portfolio remains on a consolidated level remains at 18%, but nearly all of the historical 
BCCL portfolio is now at 5%. And we believe this GST reduction, is a very strong structural 
positive move to unleash demand growth in the quarters to come, and we shall see the benefit of 
it in the subsequent quarters. 
 
While this is an overall net positive, in the temporary basis, we saw some channel destocking, 
which happened in the month of September, and we believe that we would have suffered 
somewhere to the extent of 3% of quarter revenue. We believe this loss is temporary and onetime 
in nature, and the overall move is a strong positive for us and for the overall economy. 
 
On the input costs, LLP prices have been moving in a narrow range in the last 2-3 quarters. On 
a Y-o-Y basis, LLP prices are down close to 7% against the same period last year. In the other 
key raw materials for us, we are witnessing a very strong inflation of close to 40% on RMO and 
copra prices, as we all know, are more than doubled. 
 
We expect over the next few months, this basket to remain range bound, and we will keep you 
updated as and when we see changes. However, we are maintaining a very tight watch and we'll 
respond with swift changes as and when needed. 
 
Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on reviving double-digit revenue growth with a strong 
focus on supporting our core brand Almond Drops through the innovation initiatives and 
distribution expansion on behalf of Project Aarohan and enhanced level of advertising. Our focus 
on leveraging organized trade channel and working on sustainable diversification of the existing 
portfolio will continue. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
Thank you. Back to you, Dhiraj. Dhiraj, I hope you picked up transferring the call back to you. 
Moderator: 
Sir, should we begin with the question-and-answer session now. 
Naveen Pandey: 
Yes. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Percy from IIFL Securities. 
Percy: 
Just wanted to understand the pricing of ADHO. I believe the volume growth is flat and the sales 
growth of ADHO is in double digits. So has there been a double-digit pricing or is this some big 
mix shift also in this equation? 
Naveen Pandey: 
Yes, Percy. As I was explaining, this is coming out of 3 kind of factors, the difference between 
the volume and the value growth. The first is what you will see a straight pricing. Second, what 
we have done is that we have worked on a mix change. And as you know, that across pack levels, 
we have different -- very different price realizations. 
 
And what we have done is that we have really concentrated on improving the mix and that is 
basically yielding and contributing to the gap. And the third delta, which we are getting from is 
also revenue management, wherein we have taken initiatives to maximize the net revenue to the 
MRP cascade by optimizing spends in between. And it is a combination of all of 3, which 
basically adds to the gap between the volume and the value. 
Percy: 
Would you be able to roughly split up these 3 portions as a percentage, let's say, if 100% is the 
total is the price increase, 70% or what it is? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So broadly, Percy, yes, around, let's say, the largest portion does come from pricing and the other 
2 are combined lesser than the pricing. That's what I say. So yes, your sense is, by and large, in 
the similar direction. 
Percy: 
Understood. And you mentioned rural is still weak. So as far as the volume growth is concerned, 
how much is the gap between rural and urban? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So there is a 600 basis point to 700 basis point gap Percy, between urban and rural. And we 
believe that most of it is internal. And I think as we go across and complete our measures, we 
should be able to fix this over a period of time. 
Percy: 
And if you have taken, let's say, whatever 7% or whatever that number is, price increase, and I 
mean, most of the hair oil players in the market have not taken such a big price increase at the 
same time. So how is this getting accepted in the market? Generally, when we see that only one 
player is taking a material price increase, whereas others are holding the line, we see significant 
market share loss for that player. So are you concerned about that issue going ahead? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So first of all, per se, I think we need to look at price increase in 2 lights. One, what has been 
the cumulative price increase over a period. And when you start looking at it, what has been the 
price increase over the past 2 years, 3 years, 5 years window, there was a certain amount of 
catch-up, which was there because we had not taken fair pricing in the, let's say, maybe period 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
between -- in the past 5, 7 years in the first half of that period, we have not taken adequate 
pricing. And hence, on a cumulative basis, if you were to look at pricing, we are still within the 
band of the category and the industry. 
 
The second thing you need to look at in terms of referencing is that we have referencing on our 
products on the 2 end. On the premium end, our reference basically for our brand goes to 
coconut. And if you look at coconut, we are at one of the lowest price indices to coconut than 
historically we've ever operated in the past 2 decades or plus, and we are at the lowest level of 
references. 
 
On the cheaper end, yes, you can reference us to Amla and therein, our price premium against 
Amla would have narrowly gone up, but we are not too concerned about it. On an overall level, 
the way we are tracking our volume market share very, very closely every month. And in fact, 
as a cumulative result of all our actions... 
Percy: 
Sir, I can't hear you. There is some disturbance. 
Naveen Pandey: 
Yes. Sorry, there is some static sound, can you put everybody on mute? Operator, can you please 
put everyone on mute. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Sure. 
Naveen Pandey: 
And please unmute, Percy back only so that we can have the conversation. Thank you. So Percy, 
what I was saying is that we are monitoring our volume market share very, very closely, which 
is actually the truest measure of how our consumption is at the lowest level. And what we are 
seeing is that our near-term volume market share has actually moved a bit up. 
 
It's a minor move. I wouldn't start celebrating it so far. But against last year, we are only up on 
volume market share, and that we will keep on monitoring very, very closely. So as of now, we 
feel confident about the actions we've taken and the direction we are moving. 
Percy: 
And can you call out what is the impact on the top line as well as the EBITDA level from the 
GST-related disruptions this quarter? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So Percy, as I said, broadly, the belief which we have, there's no very scientific way to calculate 
it. But we believe we've lost close to 10% revenue in the month of September or close to around 
3% of the quarter revenue because of this gap. 
Percy: 
And any kind of extra promotions, discounting, etc., to clear the old stock, which would affect 
the margin? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So a little bit, not very materially significant at a quarter level, but yes, a little bit. 
Percy: 
Okay. And last question, if I might. Basically, you have done about 18% margin this quarter. I 
think the target was to get somewhere close to about 20%. So do we see that additional 200 basis 
points coming in a quarter or 2 or now that we are at 18%, the further increments will be very 
slow? 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Naveen Pandey: 
So Percy, I think the low-lying fruits have been kind of sorted and taken care of. Also, what we 
need to remember is that because of the GST, we had to do -- pass on the benefits, and there 
have been a lot of changes on a price pack level. So there would be a certain amount of stability 
for a couple of quarters before any kind of actions get taken place. 
 
So expect a stability in the medium term, and we remain committed in the longer period basically 
towards that further incremental journey for the margin, but expect near-term stability and then 
again a movement. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush from Shravas Capital. 
Ayush: 
So congrats on a good set of numbers. I just have 2 questions. The first one would be, I just 
wanted to understand the nature of 2 related party transactions. It is the first phase of residential 
flats to the tune of INR 25 crores. If you could just throw some color on what these transactions 
are? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So the related party transaction is because it is -- these assets have been acquired from a group-
related entities. But what we are doing is that we are creating a guesthouse setup as part of an 
overall cost-saving measure. 
 
As you know, we are headquartered in Bombay, and we have a lot of people internally traveling 
into the city, and we primarily relied on hotel stay for those people. As part of the measure, 
we've created a guesthouse setup, and this is the cost of the acquiring of the asset. Since it is 
acquired from a group entity, it is being disclosed as a related party transaction. 
Ayush: 
Understood. So also just one more question. Going forward, how do we see this incremental top 
line growth coming from? Is it going to be driven by price hikes? Or are we going to change the 
mix? Or is it going to be a volume push? I just want to understand how is the management 
thinking in terms of top line growth? 
Naveen Pandey: 
It will be a volume and a mix-driven growth. Pricing is always something which is a longer term 
will not be more than inflation or less than -- it will always be less than inflation. So yes, while 
you are seeing a onetime effect coming in. But in the long term, our belief is always to drive 
volume-based growth. And yes, mix improvement will also be a substantial part of it. 
Ayush: 
Also, any guidance on how many retail touchpoints you'll be trying to add in the coming 
quarters? 
Naveen Pandey: 
See, we want to add on a consistent basis, we want to improve our distribution by 8% to 10% 
every year over the next 3 to 4 years. Obviously, the nature of the beast is such that it will not 
come uniformly across quarter or year, but that is the direction in which we are working. We 
would want over a period of 4 to 5 years, our distribution direct to go from x to 1.5x. And I think 
that's what we are working towards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Motilal Oswal. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Two questions, sir. On the ADHO, when I look back a year before, we had a flat volume growth. 
And this year, again, you are saying that it is flat. So I'm more curious what is the hair oil 
contribution for ADHO and non-ADHO hair oil? 
Naveen Pandey: 
Sorry, I'm not very clear on the question. Can you please repeat the question once again? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
If I look back, a year before, we had a flat volume growth in ADHO business. Today, when you 
announce, again, it is flat. So I'm more curious that, what is the hair oil contribution for ADHO 
and non-ADHO hair oil, if the total year as well? 
Naveen Pandey: 
Our ADHO, see, our overall -- when we are reporting ADHO, we only mean hair oil. AD 
extensions, we are looking at separately. So when we are saying your flat performance, we are 
talking about volume on only hair oil. Only hair oil as a business contribution is 80% plus for 
our portfolio, not accounting into the other AD extensions, which we have done. 
 
If you look at a very long-term trend, not 1 quarter, 2 quarter, but if you look at a long-term 
trend, we have lost volume on ADHO, and that has been our trend over the medium term, 
wherein we have had negative growth on volume on ADHO. 
 
And we see that trend very clearly reversing and us getting into stable volumes. Along with that, 
we've been able to, within ADHO, change a lot of mix towards selling more profitable SKUs 
rather than less profitable and less priced SKUs. And that is resulting into a delta growth over 
and above the price increases which we have taken. I hope I've been able to clarify. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So have you rationalized any of the SKUs because LUP is still growing faster for us? 
Naveen Pandey: 
LUP is growing. It is not growing faster than the overall portfolio. And I think that's what I 
meant. The larger packs are growing more faster, but LUP is also growing after a long gap. And 
that's a very happy state because LUP, as you know, the number of transactions and the number 
of people the pack goes to is always a very good indicator of the overall demand environment 
and the acceptability of the brand, and that is growing after a long gap. We are seeing good 
sachet growth after a long period. So those are all heartening measures. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My next question is on Project Aarohan. In quarter 4, we started with UP and MP. Is there any 
tangible benefit after 3 quarters in terms of SPR or net distribution or something you can share? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So see, broadly, what we are trying to do in Aarohan is we are trying to increase our direct 
representation across both urban markets and rural markets. We -- as you've been tracking, we 
had issues around wholesale a period of time back wherein wholesale channel became a problem 
for us, and we are trying to streamline and get wholesale to be well behaved, steady growing 
like most other FMCGs. So that is in simple what we are trying to do through Aarohan. 
 
In the urban market, where we have implemented the changes, we started exactly, as you said, 
with UP and then we've extended it across to around close to 8 states right now. What we are 
witnessing across states is we are witnessing an increase in our direct distribution and the outlet 
addition, which I told you has happened, and that has led into my direct retail growing very well. 
In rural, we have made a lot of structural changes, including how we are going and how we are 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
distributing into the market. Those changes have been a bit disruptive for us. And hence, rural 
has not been performing well. 
 
Wholesale overall, with the measures which we've done in terms of stability of rates and 
practices has rebounded back very well. And that is reflected not only in the wholesale 
performance, but also in performance of SKUs, which are very wholesale dependent like sachet 
in INR10, which are seeing very good across-the-board, across-states growth. 
 
So overall, I'll say Aarohan, we are a strong green as far as it comes to urban and wholesale right 
now. In rural, it is a bit more complicated work, taking a bit more time. And I think we will take 
a couple of more quarters before we are able to get Aarohan in rural to also become a green for 
us. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. Just one follow-up. I assume that if wholesale was 60% a year before, if the Aarohan is 
targeted to bring this wholesale to maybe 30%, 40%. 
Naveen Pandey: 
We are not looking at any specific measure of bringing down wholesale. If wholesale keeps on 
growing in line with our retail growth, we are driving overall retail growth. And we are also 
trying to prepare a system which can manage a more broader portfolio from us. So I think those 
are the 2 measures we are looking at. 
 
We are not really looking at cutting down wholesale. In fact, each of the channels have their 
separate roles, and we would be putting in new products and new SKUs into those channels to 
try and maximize the opportunity within those subchannels. So we are not looking at it from a 
cutting down of wholesale perspective, but more as a growth in direct distribution and building 
strength of retail execution. I think that is the way you should look at our belief. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
And just one last follow-up on this Project Aarohan. These 8 states will contribute roughly what 
percentage of our sales revenue? 
Naveen Pandey: 
The overall contribution of these 8 states, just pause a second, but my sense is it will be close to 
around 60%, 65% of our overall business, two-third broadly. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My second and last question, you mentioned that GST disruption has happened and you 
have taken a price increase. And you also said that it is accepted well. So it is more curious, is 
the trade settlement and how much stock would have reached -- is the 100% retail is covered 
now with the new MRP? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So first clarification, we had taken the price increase in Q1. And because it came in towards the 
end of Q1, as you know, in our business takes 45 to 60 days to get executed. What we are seeing 
in Q2 is the full benefit of the price increase we took in Q1. We have not taken any fresh price 
increase in Q2. 
 
I think that is the first clarification. The second is in Q2, what we have to do is that as the new 
GST came in, we had to pass on the GST benefits to the consumer, and that meant price drops 
in many SKUs. It meant extra volume in terms of the price point SKUs. Those were executed 
ASAP wherever we could. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
And I think towards the end of the month, except for 1 or 2 SKUs, we had transited to the new 
GST benefit SKUs there. That stock in terms of our primary got transited between September 
and October in terms of the company system. 
 
And in terms of the distributor system, it is getting transited between October and November in 
the market. So I think November and December, by and large, the retailer should all carry the 
new GST benefit stock in the trade. That's broadly my belief. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. I understand that. What I wanted to check with you, Naveen, this 85% portfolio has seen 
the GST revision. Now obviously, with GST revision, our prices would have come down. So we 
will have the price impact in quarter 3. That's what I wanted to check. 
Naveen Pandey: 
Price impact, you're saying in terms of net revenue? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. 
Naveen Pandey: 
No, net revenue will not have a price impact because net revenue is excluding of GST. So net 
revenue will remain constant. Net revenue will not see any benefit going -- any loss coming up. 
In fact, there are packs where we are adding extra volume, wherein the net revenue will actually 
end up going up. So for example, in a sachet, INR1 sachet, earlier, the net revenue recognized 
was 18% minus of INR1. 
 
Now the net revenue recognized would be 5% minus INR1. And the benefit there is being given 
in terms of extra volume. In case of, let's say, a larger pack, wherein there has been a price drop, 
the drop price minus 5% would be equal to the earlier price minus whatever, 18% or so. And 
hence, there is no net revenue decrease or a realization decrease, which you should factor on 
basis the GST change. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So are you trying to say that mid- to high single-digit price and mid to -- I mean, mid-digit 
volume. So we aspire maybe 10% plus growth in second half? 
Naveen Pandey: 
Yes, we aspire for that. I think, yes, that's the way you should look at it. In terms of against last 
year, we obviously -- our stated aspiration is to get into double-digit growth. We are a bit 
disappointed that we are slightly short in this quarter, but we will continue with our attempt to 
get to that level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pushrutham from Wise Old Bird. 
Pushrutham: 
Sir, I have one question on this Banjara's acquisition benefit. So when we will see -- you have 
mentioned in the call that one state we have started the merger and we are seeing the benefit. 
But when do we see the full scale benefit of Banjara's acquisition, when -- Banjara's and also 
Bajaj? 
Naveen Pandey: 
I think you'll have to give it a few quarters. Acquisition and a structural integration is a bit 
complicated process. We are going through the integration this year and this year will get taken 
in terms of the integration. As we get into the next year, we should start duly seeing some of 
these benefits of the acquisition starting to come through. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Pushrutham: 
Okay. Sir, any other acquisitions in the pipeline? 
Naveen Pandey: 
Obviously, I can't comment on that. 
Pushrutham: 
No, we recently had a buyback. I know that, but still so how come now, or only whether we have 
something in the mind for any acquisition? 
Naveen Pandey: 
See, we will -- we've stated in the past, and I'll state again, we will be open for acquisitions. 
However, right now, we've just done an acquisition and our effort is to make the best use of that 
acquisition. Whenever we come across something which is excited to us, we will evaluate it. 
And as and when we evaluate, we will come and disclose to the market as per the norms. But 
obviously, nothing happening right now. 
Pushrutham: 
Okay. Okay. So -- and we are aiming to have a revenue target of 10%, I mean, for next 3, 5 
years, that is what we have in our mind, right? Unless we have to confirm? 
Naveen Pandey: 
Yes. We want to -- we -- our long-term CAGRs have been low single digit. We want to move 
from there substantially higher to a double-digit kind of a growth CAGR looking forward. 
Desires needs guidance, please always remember that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from ICICI Securities. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Just one follow-up question to what Shirish was asking was, what percentage of our revenue has 
been portfolio where you have taken price cut? And what percentage of portfolio where you 
have taken volume adjustment? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So broadly, as you know, Dhiraj, price point packs are somewhere where we give -- where we 
want to maintain the prices on certain price points, are where we give volume and the other are 
the packs where we take pricing. Broadly, if you were to say, we are -- there is an equal but a 
slightly whatever mix towards volume and price. So more or less same. 
 
Overall, the benefit, if you were to look at what has been passed to the consumer is equal across 
both these buckets, and we've kept that within mind. And the overall benefit, which we passed 
is slightly ahead of what the benefit is accruing to our P&L. So we've gone ahead and ensured 
that we pass on a slightly higher benefit. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
And any impact of inverted tax on this because our complete portfolio is now at 5%, let's say, 
largely towards 5%, whereas in certain expenses, we would be paying higher GST. Is there any 
impact of that? 
Naveen Pandey: 
Yes, there would be some impact of that, Dhiraj. We are fully studying it and understanding that 
impact. And it's pretty much like the other companies in the sector who have faced a similar 
transition. We are also trying to figure out that how we can work on that and make our structures 
more efficient on getting that gap reduced. As and when we are ready, we'll come and talk about 
what actions we are planning to take or if government gives any clarification. But you know 
what is the current status on that as of now. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Yes, yes. Would you like to quantify that right now? 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Naveen Pandey: 
See, I would not want to get into it. I think let's get full clarity around what is this. But the way 
we've executed the price decrease in the market, as I said, it has been slightly ahead of the net 
benefit which we are getting. So we don't expect it to be very materially significant. And also 
the optimization of this higher GST inverted structure will happen over a period of time. 
 
I don't think so, suddenly next quarter, we are going to get into a series of actions wherein we 
are going to fix the inverted structure. So not -- from your lens, you should not be too materially 
concerned about it at the moment. And as and when we are doing the actions, we will keep the 
community updated about what we are doing. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Noted. Noted. Second question is on our -- this 3% impact which we had on GST transition. Do 
you expect this full recovery to happen in 3Q or it would be more of a gradual in nature and it 
would be spread out over the quarters? 
Naveen Pandey: 
Dhiraj, again, very difficult to predict. If you were to put me in a spot like that, I think, we will 
see how the transition goes through the quarter. But historically, what we've seen is that 
whenever inventories get corrected sharply, they take a time to cover back. It is not an immediate 
fill back which happens. Our lessons from GST and demonetization have been similar. What 
will end up happening is anybody's guess. But if you were to look at past learning, it always 
takes time for the inventory levels to normalize. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. Usually, what is the inventory level we have at the distributor end and versus now? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So usually, we maintain between 3 to 4 weeks of inventory in the system, and that is into the 
general trade portion. So you can use these 2 to calculate. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. Got it. And second on this non-ADHO portfolio. So historically, we used to guide that 
we want to aspire a certain percentage of our portfolio to come from non-ADHO portfolio. Do 
you have any numbers in mind, not from the near-term perspective, but from the long-term 
perspective, let's say, 3 to 4 years down the line, where do you see -- where do you want to see 
your non-ADHO portfolio? 
 
And related to that, how is the margin profile is going to pan out in this part of the portfolio? 
Because my understanding is that it would require much more substantial marketing spend 
compared to ADHO going ahead to scale up those brands? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So Dhiraj, I'm sharing with you what I'm prepared to share at the moment. That is as follows. If 
you look at the long term, obviously, we aspire for the non-ADHO portion to grow ahead of 
ADHO. And hence, what it will mean is that if today, the mix is broadly, let's say, whatever, 
80:20, that mix will move more in favor of non-ADHO in the period of time. I'm not prepared 
to quantify a number as on date because we are in process of formulating our long-term strategy 
and doing that. 
 
The second thing for us is that the non-ADHO portfolio comes in at a certain higher investment, 
as you said. And we need to fix up what exact level of investment for which of the brands which 
compromise the entire non-ADHO portfolio, and we will make certain choices. And hence, 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
certain brands might get higher level of investment than what they've got in past and some might 
not be choiced in. 
 
We are working through this process and formulating our medium-term strategy -- medium- to 
long-term strategy. And as and when we are more clear and committed on it, we will come and 
share with you. But as of now, this is all I would want to share. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Ajmera from IGE India. 
Deepak Ajmera: 
So my question is to the tune of margin expansion into this particular quarter, we have realized 
the margin expansion. So I just seek for the management guidance, what could be the steady 
state? And is it the sustainable one? 
Naveen Pandey: 
See, as a practice, we would not like to give margin guidance either for near term. However, 
what we've stated is that, see, if you look at the FMCG category of the consumer group 
companies operate in EBITDA margins which are in the 20s. And when we started this journey, 
we were operating at significantly less margins. 
 
So in a medium to long term, we would want to operate into category level of margins. So that's 
the -- all I would want to share is a direction. We would avoid giving any guidances either for 
the next quarter or for the balance of year or anything like that. 
Deepak Ajmera: 
Got it. And secondly, on the product innovation side, so what is the company's outlook for new 
product launches? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So right now, we've -- I think as you're aware, I've joined the business around 4, 5 months back. 
We have done a lot of launches over the past 4, 5 years. And my objective is to first streamline 
our portfolio, identify the bets which we -- within which what we have done or what could be 
bigger and more meaningful, reviving ADHO growth, and I think that has been the first 
immediate priority. 
 
I would say we are not even halfway into that journey. We will look at more innovative products 
in times to come, but I think that is something which we should expect more in next year rather 
than in the balance of the year. 
Deepak Ajmera: 
Got it. So from a near-term perspective, do we have any chance to see the product like Bajaj 
serum, Bajaj wax or hair cream or hair gel kind of product? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So we already have serum. I think we need to do more justice to it since you are not aware of it. 
I think that just goes ahead and emphasizes the point. We have some portfolio products which 
we need to do better. And some of the others, yes, could be in the discussion, but not as of now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Sharma from Anantnath Skycon Private Limited. 
Nilesh Sharma: 
My question is, is there any plan of the management to introduce the flagship products like 
ADHO in the near term? 
Naveen Pandey: 
I'm sorry, I was not able to hear you clearly. Can you please repeat? 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
November 11, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Nilesh Sharma: 
Is there any plan of the management to introduce a flagship product apart from ADHO? 
Naveen Pandey: 
Flagship product besides ADHO. So obviously, the intent would be to bring -- build up more 
larger mega brands as we go forward. And that is the point, which I was saying that I think we 
will take some time to focus and get our medium to long-term strategy in place. And then, we 
will talk about that which of our bets, we would want to significantly dial up and make them 
much, much bigger, somewhere in the line of ADHO. We will talk to you as and when we are 
ready about it. 
Nilesh Sharma: 
Okay. In coming 3 to 5 years, what is the plan of return on capital employed that management 
is expecting to achieve? 
Naveen Pandey: 
So if you look, we basically would not again want to give any guidances. If you want to 
understand any specific input which can be shared, please be in touch with our Investor Relations 
team, and they will share you if we are -- if we can. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Naveen Pandey: 
Thank you. I would like to take the opportunity to thank you all for taking time to attend the call 
and for your questions. Over the past quarter, we've seen the business gather strong momentum, 
both on growth and improvement of margins. While we are very happy with the progress made 
by us, we continue to remain committed to our desire to achieve long-term sustained growth and 
shall stay focused on working towards the same in subsequent quarters. 
 
Thank you, and have a great day ahead. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer – This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of 
English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 
