 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 26, 2025 
 
To, 
The Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip code: 544603 
 
To, 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: GROWW
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on 
Friday, November 21, 2025. 
 
Ref: Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit the transcript of 
the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Friday, November 21, 2025. 
 
The transcript is being uploaded on the website of the Company viz. www.groww.in. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and oblige. 
   
Thanking you, 
 
For Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited 
(Formerly known as Billionbrains Garage Ventures Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Roshan Dave 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
ROSHAN 
BHANUPRAKAS
H DAVE
Digitally signed by 
ROSHAN BHANUPRAKASH 
DAVE 
Date: 2025.11.26 16:29:57 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
November 21, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management  
Representatives: 
Mr. Lalit Keshre – Co-Founder and CEO 
 
Mr. Harsh Jain – Co-Founder and COO  
 
Mr. Neeraj Singh – Co-Founder and CTO 
 
Mr. Ishan Bansal – Co-Founder and CFO 
 
Mr. Lalit Bhimani – Group Head, Finance 
 
Mr. Kunalraj Singh – Head of Investor Relations 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Himanshu Bahuguna – Bank of America 
 
 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Billionbrains Garage 
Ventures Limited, popularly known as Groww, Q2 and H1 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
management's remarks. 
 
Please note that this call is being recorded. Additionally, please note that this 
earnings call is scheduled for a duration of 45 minutes and we will be starting 
directly with the Q&A session right after a few words by Lalit. If you wish to ask 
a question, please use the raise hand feature available on your Zoom 
dashboard. 
 
We will announce your name on the call and unmute your line, post which you 
can proceed with your questions. We will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. Ladies and gentlemen, I now hand the call over to 
Himanshu from Bank of America. Thank you and over to you Himanshu. 
Himanshu: 
Thank you Michelle and thank you everyone for joining the call today. It's a 
great pleasure to host the management of Groww for their first post-IPO results 
call. Before I begin, I would like to read out a standard disclaimer from Bank of 
America. The opinions, statements and other information provided today by 
Groww management are not the opinions, statements or information of BofA 
Securities. Such opinions, statements or information will be based solely on 
publicly available information and not in breach of any confidentiality 
obligations owed to the third parties. 
 
Please note that BofA Securities are not providing any financial, investment, 
legal, tax, medical or other professional advice and in particular are not 
providing any advice or view with respect to any securities or financial 
instruments or the advisability of investing in, purchasing or selling any 
securities or financial instruments. 
 
With that, let me hand over the conference to Kunalraj Singh, Head of Investor 
Relations. Thank you and over to you Kunal. 
Kunalraj Singh: 
Thank you Michelle. Thank you Himanshu. Good evening, everyone and 
welcome to the second quarter FY26 earning calls of Billionbrains Garage 
Ventures Limited. Our financial results and shareholder's letter have been 
published on the exchanges and the information pack has also been uploaded 
on the company's IR website. 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind all the attendees that certain statements 
or comments made on this call by the management, which reflects the outlook 
for the future or which could be deemed as forward-looking, may involve risks 
and uncertainties and are not subject to any review or procedures. Such 
statements or comments are not guarantees of future performance and actual 
results may differ. 
 
Joining me on the call today are Lalit Keshre, Co-Founder and CEO, Harsh 
Jain, Co-Founder and COO, Neeraj Singh, Co-Founder and CTO, Ishan 
Bansal, Co-Founder and CFO and Lalit Bhimani, Group Head Finance. With 
that, I now hand over the call to Lalit to share his opening remarks. 
Lalit Keshre: 
Hello, everyone. First of all, thank you so much for your belief in us. We started 
Groww more than nine years back to make investing simple, transparent, and 
delightful. Our philosophy has been to always build, always do right by the 
customer, keep building for them, create the best product experience. And then 
with that philosophy, we have got immense love from our customers and we 
are super grateful to them. 
 
Although it has been more than nine years, but we still feel that we are just uh 
starting in our journey. And because this is our first quarterly call, I want to kind 
of touch very briefly on our product roadmap for the future. And for the next 
few, many quarters you will keep seeing us, I mean, you'll keep listening the 
same thing same kind of themes. 
 
The first thing is like, you know, as we see India, like how we grow and how 
financial markets grow, your company will kind of continue spearheading this 
democratization of financial services in the country and our obsession to build 
the best customer experience kind of will continue kind of help us getting a lot 
more customers and that will be like our highest priority going forward and then 
as customers join us, they build their wealth, they continue buying more and 
more products. 
 
So far we have built 10 plus products on the platform but good thing is that 
there is a like a long road map in front of us and we will continue building 
multiple products and with multiple products customer engagement continues 
increasing, retention goes up and then when customers love your product 
monetization also follows. 
 
We build the platform from the customer perspective and that's what kind of 
also creates like a pull for us. Lastly, like with the brand that we have created 
and the deep investment in technology that we are doing also create an 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
enduring competitive advantage for your company. That's all I wanted to say 
today but I will be very happy to answer your questions in this first quarterly 
call. 
 
Once again thank you for joining us in this journey in building India's largest 
investing and wealth platform. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is Prayesh Jain. Please accept the prompt on your screen. 
Unmute yourself, introduce yourself and proceed with the question. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi everyone. This is Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Another great set of 
numbers. Just firstly book keeping questions on the orders that you have given. 
Can you split that up for us in terms of cash and derivatives? Second question 
is on the CAC. We have seen a significant increase in CAC and how do you 
see this kind of progressing going ahead? I am restricting to those two because 
of the limit. 
Ishan Bansal: 
Thanks, Prayesh. Let me take this question. I think we have already shown our 
revenue split across derivatives and cash. If you look at the pricing is very 
simple. We charge INR20 on the derivative side. The rest is on the cash. The 
split is actually very similar. Roughly, you can say 70% odd will be on the 
derivative side and 30 odd will be on the cash side and on the question on the 
CAC side, I think Harsh you can answer.  
Harsh Jain: 
Yes. See, part of our growth, the cost to grow that we report is part of it is a 
branding which is a fixed cost and some part of it is in the variable cost. If you 
see different quarters, the CAC will also be a result of how many new 
acquisitions happen in that particular time frame and going forward like across 
the year, it then normalizes. There is variation quarter-to-quarter you can see 
depending on the time and the situation in the market. 
Prayesh Jain: 
So on an annual basis, do you think that we can, what level we were in, say, 
FY25. Now that completely gone away and we will possibly be at a more higher 
number on an annual basis and what should be our annual number that we 
should think about from a CAC perspective? I think what you mentioned also 
that CAC should be looked from a full year basis rather than just on a quarterly 
basis. So, from a full year perspective, what should be the kind of CAC that we 
should think about from a, I understand that additions would come as they are, 
but from an absolute spend perspective is what I am looking for? 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Harsh Jain: 
So, Prayesh it is difficult to predict for the future, but I would say that it is not 
going to be very different from the -- the overall spends are not going to be very 
different from the previous times and acquisition overall numbers also depends 
on the how the market conditions are. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Absolutely. Great. I will come back in the queue. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Jayant Kharote. Please accept 
the prompt, introduce yourself and proceed with your question. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Thanks for the opportunity, Jayant Kharote from Axis Capital. Hey Lalit, so two 
questions, both regarding lending. First one is on MTF. We have seen strong 
growth over here. I think given the number, the yield number is looking slightly 
higher than 15. Is it an end of period issue? 
One is that and broader question on MTF is the aggression by the competition 
over the last three months, it seems everybody is now jumped into this product. 
We have players offering it at 7.99 very aggressively. So both from a yield as 
well as a growth perspective, how should we think of competitive landscape 
for MTF, not just for a quarter, but given our aspirations over the next two, three 
years, how should this, what is the strategy that you would use? That is the 
first question. I will follow up with the second one? 
Ishan Bansal: 
Yeah. So let me take this one. I think MTF for us the yield part that you talked 
about, I think will be again end of the quarter kind of a difference. Our pricing 
is simple. It is 14.95%. Other than that, the growth rate I think it's not very -- 
we don't see competition from an MTF perspective specifically because it is a 
second product typically that customer is using.  
Before that customer is already there on stocks and some of those customers 
actually start doing MTF as well. What we have seen in other products as well, 
the pricing is not the reason why customer chooses a platform A versus 
platform B. The experience is what matters to them. And over a period of time, 
typically customers end up doing more and more products with the same 
platform. The reason to selection can be different for different customers. But 
in the end of the day, pricing is least of the concern when looking at the 
selection of the platform. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Okay. The second one is around LAS. You have started this product now. What 
is the experience? How is the run rate and how long do you want to wait before 
you press down the accelerator on this one or it will be a calibrated run rate of 
the kind that we are seeing for the past one month? 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Ishan Bansal: 
So it is very -- LAS is very early stage today. So if you look at LAS is actually 
not even fully LAS. It is just loan against mutual funds as of now. Loan against 
securities is yet to be launched. So what we have seen is there is like a lot of 
features and kind of different, you can say optimization on the product side yet 
to be done. I think as we keep on doing some of these features, the growth will 
keep on scaling up. 
 
We generally don't look at like accelerating or something. Some of this is like 
adoption from the customer perspective, as the customer's need on the LAS 
side keeps on increasing. This will kind of keep on going up. What is happening 
is this is a AUM product, very similar to MTF. When we started, MTF was also 
started like almost more than a year back. And that time MTF also was going 
up slowly. But over a period of time, it has become larger. So we think LAS 
also will take some time for us to kind of come to a product with where the 
scale is larger. And hence the growth rate of the disbursement will keep on 
happening. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Sorry, if I could just squeeze one supplementary sort of encapsulating these 
two points only. If you can give me a broader three year outlook, where does 
your lending book look like? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So difficult to project again, from a forward looking perspective. But what we 
have seen is especially on the MTF side, our growth rate has been really good 
in the past. And what we are expecting in the future is that we have a fair share 
that we want to kind of reach. And it will take at least three years to probably 
reach there. And the fair share is significantly higher than where we are today, 
probably like a double digit number on the market side, where it's not going to 
be like we are taking share from the market. But we think we will end up 
expanding the market by that amount itself. 
Jayant Kharote: 
You mean double digit in terms of market share of MTF? Great. That is very 
helpful. Thanks a lot and best of luck guys. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Nidhesh Jain. Please accept the 
prompt, introduce yourself and proceed with your question. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
My name is Nidhesh. I am from Investec. I have two questions. Firstly, on the 
customer sourcing, can you share some break up in terms of sourcing channel, 
whether it is organic referrals or performance marketing? And second question 
is on the revenue model in the wealth management, the equation that we have 
done and the plan that we have for the W app. What is the revenue model that 
we are thinking on the wealth management business? 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Harsh Jain: 
Sure. So I'll take the first one and I'll answer that Nidhesh. So for us, see 
organic is the biggest channel and almost I think we reported also almost 80% 
people come organically. The other channel is primarily the performance 
marketing, which is digital marketing that happens. And a very small part of it 
is referral, but we are not running a commercial referral. So it's more of a word 
of mouth through the app also. So these are the three channels how we get 
the acquisition. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Just to confirm, 80% is still organic? 
Harsh Jain: 
Yes.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. Great.  
Harsh Jain: 
And the second question, I think Ishan. 
Ishan Bansal: 
So on the wealth side, I think we are very early today. We did the acquisition 
on the Fisdom side, which got the balance sheet got consolidated as of 30th 
of September, but the P&L will start getting consolidated soon. And roughly 3% 
revenue is coming from that business. And obviously that business is growing 
well and over a period of time, the contribution will keep on increasing. There's 
a lot of integration yet to be done for us to kind of look at how actually it will 
perform in the future. And we'll come back to you in future quarters on the 
wealth side. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
If you can explain the revenue model, it is distribution income or it is the... 
Ishan Bansal: 
So on Fisdom side, it is largely distribution income coming across different four 
products primarily. One is mutual fund, regular mutual fund. Second is the PMS 
distribution, PMS and AIF distribution. Third is the insurance distribution. And 
fourth is on the unlisted security side. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
So, you plan to carry on with a similar revenue model or do you think? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So, there are future products. Some of them are already launched. So, for 
example, we have launched the PMS of mutual funds recently. And I think that 
part will obviously grow faster and we'll start contributing where effectively we 
are charging the customer for the advisory under the PMS route. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dipanjan Ghosh. Please accept the 
prompt on your screen. Unmute yourself. Introduce yourself and proceed with 
your question. 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So just a few questions from my side. First in terms of the employee base and 
with the acquisition of Fisdom and probably your own ramp up expectations on 
the wealth side of the journey, you know, what sort of manpower and maybe 
the quality of personnel that will be requiring to deploy on that side of the 
business? 
 
And in terms of that, how can the employee expenses really behave over, let's 
say, the next two to three years? That was the first question. The second 
question is, if I look at your active FNO customers, and that has remained 
around 1.4 million for at least the last two or three quarters, despite the fact 
that obviously new customer acquisition run rate is very strong. 
 
So in terms of when you do some analysis on your underlying customer 
segment and the new users who are coming onto the platform, in terms of the 
behavior of those customers or in terms of potential new customers who can 
be coming in on the FNO side, what sort of outlook do you really have out 
there? 
Ishan Bansal: 
Lalit, do you want to take the wealth piece? 
Lalit Keshre: 
Yes. Yes. So Dipanjan, I think wealth, as Ishan said, like we'll be talking a lot 
more about in coming quarters. It's just like we're just getting started. So, so all 
these kind of questions will become clearer. But how we look at it is like it will 
be more, you know, our based on our DNA, it will be more like, you know, tech-
led and so on. 
 
But again, like I said, like we are still kind of the integration is happening. And 
it would be it would be an interesting kind of interesting kind of product to build. 
And your second question was on the FNO. Ishan, you want to answer this? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So on FNO side, what is happening for us, especially after the last year's 
regulation is there is a churn in the users, which we saw specifically till Q3, Q4 
last year. After that, there is a small growth rate. It is not showing up in millions, 
I think. 
 
But there is still a growth rate in users. But the quality of the user is like doing 
really well. So if you look at the average order per user have significantly 
grown, some of those numbers, you can look at it, will be kind of in the range 
of like 10% to 20% growth on average order per user, which is primarily getting 
contributed because the high quality users are still there on the platform, not 
only still there, but are actually growing. 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
But the low-quality customers who were earlier placing significantly lesser 
number of orders and the turnover was also significantly lower is actually 
moving away from the platform, which we think is a good thing both for us as 
well as industry as it becomes more niche and will be only serving the high-
quality customers who understand FNO as a product better. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Just one small follow up on the first question. If you can just quantify 
your employee count for 2Q of this year and last year. That's all. Thank you. 
Ishan Bansal: 
Latit, you will have that number, Bhimani. Lalit, you are on mute. 
Lalit Bhimani: 
So, we have 832 core employees who are involved in product business 
building and about 300 odd employees who are doing our customer services. 
And on the Fisdom side, we have acquired about 500 odd employees which 
have come with part of the acquisition. And out of this 500, about approximately 
180 are doing sales for the Fisdom. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare. 
Please accept the prompt. Introduce yourself and proceed with the questions. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
My first question was that based on the commentary when I do some rough 
math, it looks like the annualized ARPU of the customers that we've acquired 
in the last quarter is probably close to the past vintages. I just wanted to double 
check if that observation is right. And secondly, the second question was that 
there was a number mentioned in the press release on the disbursements in 
the credit business. 
 
It's slightly different from what you've disclosed in the data book. So, I just want 
to double check when the data book the disbursement number on the per credit 
Groww Creditserv was about 3932 million. And in the press release, it was 
somewhere close to about 1500 odd million. So I just want to clarify that as 
well. 
Ishan Bansal: 
On the first question, I think, sorry, on the second question, I think we'll check 
the data and come back to you. My guess is the difference is between one is 
a PL number and another is a overall GCS number. So that might be the 
difference. 
 
And the other one will be like a LAS related number. On the ARPU side, 
actually, it's very difficult to look at ARPU on a quarterly basis. We've seen that 
over a period of time, things change. 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
And hence, we look at ARPU on an annualized basis. But you're right. The 
quality of the user that we are getting today looks similar to what we were 
getting earlier as well. It's not like significantly different from in the past as well. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Saket Karan. Please accept the prompt. 
Introduce yourself and proceed with the question. 
Saket Karan: 
Yeah. Hi. Thank you, everyone, for giving me this opportunity. And my first, 
and I'm an Individual Investor. And my first question is, what is the expected 
contribution of the Finwizard technology acquisition to Groww consolidated 
financials and the operation roadmap? That's it. 
Ishan Bansal: 
So currently, like I said, roughly, their run rate from a revenue perspective is 
around 3%. And on the contribution side, I think they're still negative. More we 
like breakeven, closer to breakeven, but still negative. 
 
And on the bottom line side, I don't think they will add anything to Groww as 
an overall platform. On the roadmap side, I think Lalit already talked about that 
there are still an integration that is happening between Fisdom and Groww. 
But there are four products that Fisdom has. 
 
One is on the regular mutual fund advisory side. Second is on the distribution 
of AIF and PMS, insurance, and then unlisted securities. And recently, they 
have launched PMS of mutual funds, which is also growing very fast. So some 
of these products over time will start coming to Groww customers as well. 
Saket Karan: 
Thank you, Ishan. One more question I have. So what are the major 
operational or regulatory risk management foresees like over the next two 
quarters, and what are the steps are we taking to mitigate them? 
Ishan Bansal: 
Lalit Bhimani do you want to take it? 
Lalit Bhimani: 
Sorry, I just lost the internet in between. Can you repeat the question? 
Saket Karan: 
Yeah, yeah. Sure, sure. So, what are the major operational or maybe a 
regulatory risk management foresees like over the next two quarters, and what 
steps are being taken to mitigate them? 
Lalit Bhimani: 
From a regulatory standpoint, I think it is BAU for us. There is no specific risk 
which we are foreseeing, Saket. 
Saket Karan:  
Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Thanks. 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ansuman Deb. Please accept the 
prompt, introduce yourself and proceed with your question. 
Ansuman Deb: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. This is Ansuman from ICICI Securities. 
My question is regarding your new users who are coming onto the platform. I 
see an increasing trend of new users using what you call SIP and MF portfolio, 
which is a successful diversification of your product, but they lack that kind of 
monetization, right? 
So can it be a -- how are we mitigating this, what you call diversification of 
customers who may not be as monetizable at the start versus what was our 
core offering where it is monetizable in terms of broking? 
 
So if you can just give a strategic roadmap of this new user, new product, which 
is less monetizable compared to the old users or the old product and the 
classical broking business. If you can just give your strategic roadmap of that. 
Lalit Keshre: 
Hey, Anshuman, I'll take this. So, I think we'll think a bit differently here, right? 
So as I said, like, the way we look at it is that we are building India's largest 
investing and wealth platform and there are multiple products. 
 
Some products will have, and different products have different monetization 
kind of methods, you know, transition-based and also some amount of AUM-
based and so on, right? And that is how we look at it. Like we don't kind of 
design this way, okay, this is less monetized product, let’s monetize it more, 
and so on. 
 
We look more from the value proposition for the customer and also building the 
entire basket for the customer. And we have to accept the fact that there will 
be some products that will be kind of, you know, there will be some products 
which either will be have lower monetization or will be monetized in future and 
so on. 
But I think the fundamental kind of way we think about it is building a very, very 
kind of customer-focused platform, building entire kind of wealth of the 
customer there, keep building multiple products there and keep building better 
and better experience for the customers. And then monetization follows. 
Ansuman Deb: 
Yeah, absolutely. No, I got a sense. But I was just saying that you also 
mentioned the high quality of investors. I think we have seen in the system also 
that number of average size of trades have increased in the exchanges also, 
which is kind of reflective of your thing also. 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
But any chance or any view on possible monetization of this mutual fund 
distribution? Because we seem to be one of the major movers and shakers 
when it comes to SIP, right? But anything on the horizon on that front? 
Lalit Keshre: 
Yeah, we will share with you once we kind of come up with something. Yeah. 
But primarily like we -- yeah, will share with you if something happens. 
Ansuman Deb: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nidhesh Jain. Please accept the prompt 
and proceed with your question. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
I have a question on the lending business. So there are the disbursements on 
a Y-o-Y basis has moderated. And if I look at FY '25 financials, in the expense 
line item, there is a credit loss of almost INR70 crores. 
 
If I allocate to the unsecured book on your own balance sheet, that translates 
into 7% credit cost. So is this reading right that on your book that you have 
originated on your own balance sheet, the credit loss was around INR70 crores 
on a book of INR1,000 crores? 
Ishan Bansal: 
I think from a book perspective, I think we are more closer to 1,250 odd. And 
hence, this number is slightly lower in percentages. And some of these are like 
variable in nature, we are still in a phase where we are stabilizing our book 
from a vintage perspective. 
 
So, this business is just 3 years old. And we are closer to where I think it will 
get stabilized. We have seen I think, from a cost of provisioning perspective, it 
has come off compared to the last quarter. And that's how we think it looks 
more stabilized now compared to earlier. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
So, what will be the strategy on using your own balance sheet for loans? Will 
you be focusing on unsecured loans going forward or? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So the idea is to actually create a healthy mix between secured and unsecured. 
And you can see in the last quarter itself, the secured business has grown 
much faster, both in disbursement as well as on the book side. And I think that 
will keep on continuing in the coming quarters as well. And we want to in longer 
term have a healthy mix of both of them. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
And for unsecured, it's a completely digital process. There is no physical 
process in terms of collections or underwriting? 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Ishan Bansal: 
So collection obviously is a mix of digital and physical. But on disbursement 
side, it is 100% digital. And that's how we operate both on book as well as on 
the distribution side. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Aman Dugar. Please accept the prompt. Introduce 
yourself and proceed with the question. 
Aman Dugar: 
Hi, everyone. I'm Aman Dugar. I'm from Nuvama Wealth. Congratulations on 
a great set of numbers. I just wanted to ask some data keeping questions. So 
just wanted to know, as of like H1 FY '26, what is your loan book size for like 
the personal loans? And what is your LAS book size? 
Ishan Bansal: 
Lalit, do you want to answer? 
Lalit Bhimani: 
Our personal book size is INR1,140 crores. And our LAS book is about INR60 
crores. 
Aman Dugar: 
And just to follow-up, like, what has been your AMC revenue this quarter? 
Ishan Bansal: 
It will be very small. 
Aman Dugar: 
That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Lalit Bhimani: 
It is about 17.99 million, very insignificant at this stage. 
Aman Dugar: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Nagendra Maurya. Please accept 
the prompt. Introduce yourself and proceed with the question. Mr. Maurya, 
please proceed. As there is no response, we will move on to the next question, 
which is from Bhuvnesh Garg. Please accept the prompt. Introduce yourself 
and proceed with your questions. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Yeah. Hopefully, I'm audible. 
Moderator: 
Yes, you're audible. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my side. So, firstly, 
on your cost to serve. So, if I see quarter-on-quarter basis, the cost to serve 
has declined, whereas our number of orders and other business metrics have 
improved. So if you can just elaborate in what has led to this decline? 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Ishan Bansal: 
So cost to serve has actually two components. One is on the technology cost 
side, and the second is on the transaction related costs. I think the transaction 
related costs would have still increased, but our technology related costs 
actually has come off. 
 
We have done some optimizations in last quarter, which has helped us to 
reduce this cost. And we've been kind of running at a significantly higher 
capacity just to maintain good, you can say, uptime for our customers. And 
hence, there is still an opportunity to optimize some of these costs in the future. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Sure, sure. Understood. And second thing is on revenue per order. So if I see 
it has also increased on quarter-on-quarter basis. So is it -- did we take any 
pricing action in the last quarter? Or what is the reason for this increase? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So there is a mix of multiple, I think, three reasons. One is the average ticket 
size helps us increase the revenue per order. The second thing is the pricing 
action one we took in June last year, June this year, was fully baked in in this 
quarter. And the third is basically the mix between how cash and derivatives 
kind of business changes that also kind of changes the revenue per order for 
us. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Sure, sure. Thank you. And just on your advertisement and customer 
acquisition costs. So, if you can just give the breakup of into advertisement and 
customer acquisition cost, and how do you -- how do we see this trend going 
forward, advertisement separately, and then customer acquisition costs 
separately? 
Harsh Jain: 
Yeah, so we don't look at the cost like this. We look at the cost to grow as a 
consolidated cost of every activity that we do. And because these activities are 
also little, I mean, they are not done across, they are done when there is an 
opportunity. So the right way for us to look at the customer acquisition cost is 
whatever we spend for the marketing activities, we use that and divide that by 
the new customers that come in during the timeframe. And that becomes our 
cost to grow and CAC. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Sure. Any particular target you have, any advertisement campaign you are 
planning to run, I mean, in coming days or anything of that sort? 
Harsh Jain: 
No. As of now, I mean, we keep on doing these activities. And as soon as there 
is an opportunity, we participate in that. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Sure, sure. And just the last question, if you can share the data on number of 
Demat accounts that we have as on September or as on June? 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Ishan Bansal: 
We actually don't track the Demat account number. I think we feel that's not 
the right metric to look at. Because customers who don't transact is very difficult 
to kind of retain as well. So the customer who's transacting with us is a right 
customer to look at. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Okay, understood. That's it from my side. Thank you very much for your time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Mayank Agarwal. Please accept the prompt, 
introduce yourself and proceed with the question. 
Mayank Agarwal: 
Okay, thanks. Hi, Mayank here from Trust Mutual Fund. Thanks team for giving 
the opportunity. So first of all, great set of numbers. And also, I appreciate what 
you guys have done in a short span of time in terms of technology, in terms of 
platform, in terms of revolutionary product you have created. But now you are 
still young, you have enough firepower in terms of cash in your bank account, 
and also capital assets, technology assets and whatnot.  
Just wanted your view of what are your plans, major plans in next 2-3 years? 
What do you want to do next? Is it something same what you're doing? Or what 
could be the opportunity for you or what's your major vision for next 2-3 years? 
And definitely in Groww, not outside what do you want to grow? What do you 
want to do in Groww? That's my question. 
Lalit Keshre: 
Hey, Mayank, I'll answer this. In general, our philosophy has been kind of, you 
know, pick products which customers want and then kind of be super focused 
on them, spend a lot of time with these products, craft the best customer 
experience, and then kind of keep building. So if you look at our history also of 
last nine and a half years, this is how we have done, like, you know, we don't 
launch everything in one go and so on. 
Next 2 to 3 years, I think we are kind of super focused on few of the products 
that we have taken up, like, as one big data point that we are seeing, and we 
are also elaborated in our documents earlier that a lot of our customers now 
are kind of becoming affluent, and they need wealth management. Wealth 
management is going to be a big game for us going forward. Of course, like, 
broking kind of will continue kind of focusing and continue growing that.  
And then in broking also, they are like bunch of products that we are kind of 
launching. As Ishan spoke about MTF, right, which is a relatively new product. 
Again, lot of, again, lot more products need to be built there. Commodities, we 
just launched a few months back, so that is going on. 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
So in general, this is the philosophy, like, remain focused, and then, like, we 
have long list of products that we’ll continue launching, but for this time that 
you asked about, we are kind of focused on these set of products. 
Mayank Agarwal: 
Thanks. Thanks. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Pratyush Agarwal. Please accept the prompt, 
introduce yourself, and proceed with your question. 
Pratyush Agarwal: 
Hi. This is Pratyush from Marshall Wace. Thank you for the opportunity. Can I 
please ask, similar to your comment on the MTF book where you feel there is 
a fair market share that is yet to be tapped, could you also speak about 
generally in Broking, you know, obviously, you've done a great job over the last 
five, seven years, but then from here, do you think there is still a lot of fair share 
market share to be gained, or do you think now an incremental unit of market 
share gain will be much, let's say, slower or difficult compared to the past? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So the incremental market share for us is already higher than our kind of 
current market share. Hence, we are confident that it can keep on growing, at 
least in the near future. Obviously, there will be a time at which we will come 
to, both these numbers will come close to each other, and it will become difficult 
to increase the market share on the user side, that's what I'm talking about. 
 
Second, on the user side itself, our users are still young, they are still growing 
in their life. And hence, order per user, or even size of the order, etc., are 
growing. And I think we can keep on -- we can keep on seeing that growth 
happening in the future as well, which will help us increase our market share 
on the cash ADTO as well as derivative ADTO. 
 
And then the third thing is on the penetration side. So some of the products 
like MTF, commodities, etc., where the penetration still on our customer base 
is very low. And hence, as the penetration also keeps on growing, the market 
share on those products will actually grow much faster. Because the 
penetration will be a much larger growth rate factor than the growth of the 
customer as well. 
Pratyush Agarwal: 
Got it, thank you. And if I could also ask, in the mix of total income, what do 
you think happens between derivatives and cash going forward in terms of 
mix? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So derivatives already has come off from earlier numbers, I think it will probably 
come off further as well. And the reason is one, we are seeing a lot of growth 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
in the other segments, especially cash is growing really fast. Mix of MTF is also 
helping cash grow, because the brokerage part is counted in cash. 
 
And then we have recently launched commodities. I think we think that will also 
start contributing a significant part of our broking revenue in the coming future. 
And hence, the equity derivative piece will get more diversified. 
Pratyush Agarwal: 
Got it. And do you have some number in mind where you feel comfortable that 
you are at the mix that you're thinking in a couple of years? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So I think it is beyond 50, definitely it can come below 50. But that is like output 
number in the way to look at where if everything else goes or grows faster, this 
definitely can come off. But some of this will happen because wealth will start 
contributing, commodities will start contributing just as a way to kind of squeeze 
the 100% into other products will also reduce this 57% in the coming quarters. 
Pratyush Agarwal: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Mohit Surana. Please accept the prompt, 
introduce yourself and proceed with the question. 
Mohit Surana: 
Hi, just two questions from my side. One is that when I reverse calculate the 
order pricing for cash orders are now touching high teens. So once we kind of 
reach our fair share, which we are envisaging on the MTF side, what could a 
per order pricing on a cash order look like? Second is that since a lot of water 
has flowed through after the 2Q results, could you give us a more recent trend 
of how the MTF book is shaping up? 
Ishan Bansal: 
Got it. So on the first one, the way I think you are right that as the MTF 
proportion will go up, the yield will go up. And yield has other factors also like 
order size. And the third factor is also on today it includes our DP related 
charges as well. And hence, how much of the sell versus buy happening also 
kind of contribute to that. It's very difficult to actually put a number to it. 
 
But we think every quarter if MTF today is contributing somewhere around 3% 
to 4% of this brokerage as the percentage goes up, this number will keep on 
going up. If it doubles, then probably today because of MTF, I think INR2 is 
getting added. And hence, every like 3% add in MTF will have another INR2 
added to the revenue on the revenue side. 
Mohit Surana: 
In terms of penetration, right? 
Ishan Bansal: 
In terms of ADTO, MTF related ADTO in cash. 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Got it. And could you also talk about the MTF book accretion past the 2Q, at 
least qualitatively how it's shaping up? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So it is again growing, kind of difficult to say a number middle of the quarter, 
because it's actually relatively variable depending on the day you’re looking at 
it as well. On a Friday, it will behave differently versus on a Monday as well, 
because people try to optimize cost between weekends. So hence, the quarter 
end number will be probably a better way to look at it. 
Mohit Surana: 
Got it. So accretion will be in line with what we saw in the 2Q, right? 3Q should 
largely be in line with that. 
Ishan Bansal: 
Difficult to kind of give a comment on that. 
Mohit Surana: 
Got it. Appreciate that. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will be taking last 2 questions for today. 
The next question is from Prayesh Jain. Please accept the prompt and proceed 
with the question. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yeah. Hi, thanks for the opportunity again. I was just looking at the 
disbursement by partners. Now, that piece of the business actually for the 
industry has been showing some decent growth in Q2. Whether we look at any 
other player, but you know, for us, there is a decline there. Any thoughts there 
as to how, what caused that and how do we kind of see that function going on? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So, there are multiple reasons I think that went through like a up and down in 
some ways. One is obviously the market related reasons where there was 
concern on unsecured lending itself. The second piece actually was more 
specific to us where we actually created a separate app for credit business and 
as we were moving customers from our existing product to that, there was a 
transition period which led to that drop for a intermittent time. 
Prayesh Jain: 
So, but we expect this to kind of recover and kind of gain traction going ahead? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So, we again, it is already doing recovering from that perspective, but when 
and how it will happen is yet to be seen. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And if I remember, if I look at it or if I divide your ADTO by the number of orders 
applied, I am still not getting an increase in the value per order. Right, so, what 
is the MTF contributing to the major increase in the realizations in the Cash 
segment only in this quarter, but that is not visible in the number that we write 
down. 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Ishan Bansal: 
Yeah. So, quarter-on-quarter, you are right. I think the order size is almost 
same. It is more related to two things. I think one of the pricing piece that we 
discussed, and the second is MTF piece. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And this last question is MTF again. So, as you were explaining INR 2 which 
gets added to the realizations from the MTF is on the book, right? Assume a 
certain churn on it, right? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So, roughly today, MTF as a percentage of cash ADTO is around 3% to 4%, 
because the pricing on MTF is different. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Right. 
Ishan Bansal: 
And hence, it is adding to a INR2 rupees of realization extra per order. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. That is helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. This will be the last question for today. From the line of Jayant 
Kharote, please accept the prompt and proceed with the question. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. This is one specific question on commodities. 
How is the traction? What is the number of users that are using this product 
right now? And specific to this, what is the behavior that we are seeing? Are 
we gaining market share since we recently opened up this product, meaning 
our users may have used other platforms for this one? So, is this market share 
coming back or are we seeing adoption of this product for first-time users? And 
going ahead, is the latter going to be the thrust area for us? 
Ishan Bansal: 
So, already I think we are seeing a good growth. We had a DTU of around 
20,000 to 30,000 also happening on this product. And I think this will keep on 
growing in the future as well. What is where the customer is coming from is a 
mix of both. I think some of the customers been using commodities outside of 
Groww. I think but that is a smaller number today compared to the first-time 
customers. 
I think first-time customers is already a bigger component and we think that will 
obviously become a larger reason for the growth in the future and not only 
growth for us, but growth for the industry as well. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Do you think your market share over here as well needs to be reflective of your 
overall market share and how fast do you think you can reach there? 
Ishan Bansal: 
Definitely, I think we think everywhere we should reach to our kind of fair share 
sooner than later. But again, we feel in commodities it can happen faster, 

 
 Billionbrains Garage Ventures Limited (Groww) 
 
 
November 21, 2025 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
because it is more of a transaction business compared to MTF, which is more 
of a book business. Hence, I think commodities probably will reach to the fair 
share sooner. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Just following up on this one, can you just tell us what are – what are the 
qualitative steps that you can take to increase adoption of a certain product? 
Let us say commodities in this case which will help us understand as a platform 
if you want to drive. Again, we understand you do not want to drive the 
customers towards any product but if you again want to expose the customer 
to newer products, what are the qualitative steps that you take? 
Ishan Bansal: 
Lalit. 
Lalit Keshre: 
Yeah, so Jayant, see I think again, like we are building more pull-based 
platform. So, customers kind of re-enable the discovery which is very well. So, 
customers find what they are looking for and we avoid any push-push. 
So, in general, the culture that we have set is we do not talk about this. So, 
there are no purpose incentive for any product manager or any person in the 
company. So, it is our job to enable very-very seamless discovery for the 
customer and then customers kind of figure out. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Do you help enable communities formation around products? 
Lalit Keshre: 
No, we do not. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Great. Thank you so much. Best of luck. 
Lalit Keshre: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Ishan Bansal: 
Kunal? 
Kunalraj Singh: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call today. Appreciate the comments and 
the questions that we received and look forward to further discussions and 
conversations on this. Please feel free to reach out to either of us via the email 
that we shared on our IR website. Thank you so much once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Groww, that concludes 
this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may exit the meeting now. 
Thank you. 
